Hey ladies (:, My twitter was so lame in 2010...., Napping with my sweet girl. She may drive me crazy some days but I thank god everyday for blessing me with her. I luv u Sophia., i hate being sicc, Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Post-divorce spousal support, or alimony, is rare in Texas but it is possible under certain circumstances., How's everyone been ??, Lol never too late hop on the heat side. Memphis is about to get eliminated anyways, #FF FINALE --> topped the week off with a great mention. Have a great weekend, everyone!, sorry i'm not DmIng you my laptop died so i had to use my phone! Aha(:, so boring that I'm checking twitter!, Been on the grind since 9am. Time to close the work email & shut down for the night. Must find my way to the ocean & beach ASAP!, No official launch date determined yet. However, we may have a special 'pre-launch sale'. Guess we're gonna start off small..., I think it is very important to all #actors and #models to market themselves, even if they have an agent. I can teach you how, Hey Young World!!!, Need one in West Virginia too, just finished 'The Historian'. Makes you want to travel on a hunt for vampires, just to stop at these locals to eat!, omg you still remember that? Hahahhha art class used to be the best and mostly because i used to do my work plus yours -_-, Ty Lawson going off right now, Friendship: A series of nick names, inside jokes and drama... U gotta love it!!xD, O: Oli is my hero D:, available for freelance work. www.flilab.com, I dont like arguing I rather walk away., Lose a friend or two, gain a couple better friends.(: I guess life works that way.(: I kinda like it.!(:, company thousands of dollars. Today she found so many errors and forgotten work the evil girl left. It was a mess. Smh, For Da Ladies Only, ...save 40+mins of video; 20 of which was last song with the killer outro. Another video was of Matt Hollywood a foot away :[, Thanks a lot I hope you are well!, Peace and love to YOU this beautiful night., #Imagine your on your first date with Austin and your at a restraunt and he grabs your hand under the table.<3, Who says I can't get stoned? Turn off the lights and the telephone? Me in my house alone. Who says I can't get stoned?, Today is a great day bc now you can officially listen to Cee Lo's "Fuck You" again without people saying, "I'VE HEARD THAT 6 TIMES TODAY", the risks are greater--to career, family, reputation., Didn't see you're tweet until now or I would have tried to stop by and say hi. It was better than I thought it would be., I will! Tweet me too!(:, what's your favorite food?? #626:), love the train wreck, but will you send to rehab for spousal abuse? admitting ur abused first step. Lol., me too?!, Oh boy... Becks ex is PISSED at him..., hey, how did you get our fire escape squirrel to visit you all the way over there in california?, anyy night that includes us is a good night!! #, It was David Carr. ;), & you continue to lie straight to my face . -.-', I am so tired!!!, Topeka still getting it handed to em KC Bulldogs 76 Topeka 38 Fourth quarter, You said you loved me, but now you flipping like reciprocals, - this was before I decided to pursue a doctoral degree in communication, focusing on cognitive science., Great to hear. Been following your seminar locations. Going well, working on a Congressional Campaign in Chicago!, ok thanks, We would love to! Just sent you an email with details xo, Thanks to , , , and for stopping by S-Troupe auditions today!, Derek Jeter just became the 28th player in baseball history to reach 3,000 hits! Love him or hate him, he is one of the best. Red Sox Deals, Final day of #MDFF12. Seeing GAYBY at 5p and of course, the closing night film DARK HORSE with guest Todd Solondz!, thanks! what up?, sure :) what about? I just followed you btw :D, Congratulations to our team camp champions: JV - Regis, Soph - Overland, Fresh - Cherokee Trail., one problem if Baltimore did this and acquired the properties they would sit on city books for a REALLY LONG time. :-), Tweet us for your chance to receive free tickets to tonight's Small Ensemble performance at 8pm in Paul Hall!, My son took me to a lovely Breakfast for Mother's Day and I had a nice time just talking to him!!, Who wants an official postcard or cards to hand out??? Let me know!, that's such a tumblr picture ! No soy boba nina, It seems like there just aren't enough hours in the day to do what I need to do.. :-/, yes on friday i'm going to write an italian test and it's hard :/, Ran 2 miles, cleaned my room, and class tonight. Productive day, I'm feelin sick homes. :(, I have to work Sunday. Kill me., "I sneeze and hits come out." - Dandy Warhols singer-songwriter Courtney Taylor-Taylor on his process, 1:22 in the video. I see what y'all did there. She has the song "Not Your Cinderella". You guys are clever, I'm tired of not being able to go anywhere in my car, I have to be at work at 6:30 is the only reason I don't . . . Lucky!, Are you UStreaming? How can I find you on there?, PickUpLine: If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?, Honestly im goin crazy thinkin im questioning everything in my life, #ImDone with the arguments and fights now am done with your ass, Made pancakes and unknowingly spilled syrup on the floor. It is the weirdest feeling to have syrup in-between your toes! Pedicure time!, lol no he is more north probably, but hey we could facetime a better pti, she has both most likely plays xbox i have proof cause she talked about halo in a interview and chris has xbox she has both, lol at all the guys at my school.., if only denise where here to give you a rimshot on that one!, Broo' Are you on tumblr ? ^.<3 get cho gorgeous self on ! ;D !, stealing "obvs" from you. now., why do ppl who hate textn tweet???, The website is live and running.. the votes are crazy already. If u think u've got what it takes..become a member @ theeroticchallenge.com, Excited that is back on!, Absolutely. We're planning on updating it often as new #dealpro folks pop up on our radar. :) Feel free to recommend people!, can I be a judge?, If not knowing that she's beautiful is what makes her beautiful, then she's not beautiful anymore, right? By now she has heard the song., Thanks love.. Following.. ;), john rodenburg made it to a couple final fours.. Cept when his team 'Cuse won it with Melo, stop being a pussy, hey just picked up a amazing fox, and feather vest from Saks by Prabal G dying to sport it around town!, Beauty may attract the admiration of the passing hour, but it is the richer beauty of moral worth...that commands the deepest reverence(1850, You're right. Tough call. First I'd like to see Andy pitch a really solid Triple A game just to make sure he's ready, that is gorgeous!, they hinted at it...i had thought about that too...i have a couple of articles i need to finish up so i can put them live, RT : As of yesterday morning, #kinneret stood at 211.32 meters below sea level. That's above the lower red line. Most since '07., Solos Endoscopy Reduces Liabilities by More than $570000 - MarketWatch (press release), "We must build trust through scientific communities!, - - can we go ahead and induct Kim into the #Survivor Hall of Fame? Lol., Commuters on the Northstar rail line should add 30 minutes to your ride to work. There's a problem with the tracks at the Fridley station., JOIN AIGA! it's awesome. I volunteered once and now I am on the events programming committee. Lots of great people., Nice back to back lefty v lefty at bats by and Eric Hinske., Elaine and Stacey both deserve to go through, they're both great!, Sure, absolutely! Chris or his publicist should get in contact with us at :), So excited to watch boardwalk empire... I wonder If the premier is the 18 mil $ episode! I have high expectations, I' tired!, I need to quit reading tweets before bed... I follow too many awesome people who talk about stuff that makes me stabby. Heh. Goodnight?, thanks for the #FF!, Good morning.. Thought you would like that..lol, I'm getting in the shower now so if you get here while im in the shower, you know, do whatever :P, That should do it!, Agreed! Another side of the memoir/“: omg how good is Weight”, you're welcome. How do you stay active and love cupcakes? let us all know!, more of cheap beer bad food town., Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner..., dear , when you go to california... Take me with you! :) Kbye, just 4 more hours of sleep pretty please, 's editorial in addition 2 being weak, demonstrates he has limited knowledge of Board Service, & lacks the courage to name names, im so hungrey i can eat eney thing right now, Social media will not bridge the gap, instead it will create an additional gap for non users of social media., Doctors offices today :( . I'd much rather be in school with my friends, Tuna fish casserole is at least as real as corporate stock, The awkward moment when your blinds just move without nobody touching them., the white club is no longer exclusive, #asknathan What do you like better the UK or USA? x, I saw a blue umbrella in princes street gardens, thanks so much for the tweet! <3, Is it dirty or what? : Lebron James mouthpiece make him look like he got missing teeth., Was it raining? RT : Drove by MacArthur Blvd twice today. Twice craved cake., I was told to many different things. But I got it now! Haha, something tells me the next two weeks are gonna fucking rock., More posters going up around #Nashville today for , , , and Greg Brown so keep your eyes peeled!, Workaholics never gets old., GREAT SHOW AT ROSE HULMAN THIS WEEKEND. THANKS FOR COMING OUT EVERYONE!! HOPE YOU HAD AS MUCH FUN AS WE DID., you so should sit down and speak with me. Worked on a lot of migraines. They are so painful and debilitating. Feel better!, told her. She's almost in tears, Yes I'm still going, Just spilled water on my laptop at work. Not liking the water, Why should you never invite a pig to join your tug-of-war team? Pigs want to be pulled through the mudhole., Appreciate it Billy Brew! We're just Miami Dade College now., Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.~Sicilian Proverb, Thanks for the share and kudos!, Thanks for your quick response sending a new dsl modem. I can finally kiss &T goodbye completely! Such easy setup too., My phone is broke i am going to get a new one asap, “: Feeling too grown up walking around this Homeowners Show getting ideas for the house.” the one at WI state fair?, Go #TeamAlton this challenge is in the bag for you!, 25% off your whole order for those who want to grab gear tonight or tomorrow. RT and I'll DM you the code., cheer bear. my tears., um, yes. I probably should be, working on it. We still need to have that gchat., ": It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. - Henry David Thoreau", Round two with the royer...I wish this thing didn't cost $1000+, With 3 of my grandchildren and preparing to preach for my son in Lexington--beautiful day in KY!, OMG that is #epic RT : Bobby Petrino supporters ride motorcycles with blonde blow up dolls, I'm not sure my mustache should be allowed at this nine year olds volleyball game ..., dropped my hair dryer on my foot and now there's a lovely little bruise forming. brilliant.... at least my hair is dry and silky!, where is my t-shirt, and where is your shirt. lol, cottage cheese RULZ!, aite. im bout to see wassup wit him then, that must suck but your helping the world turn., will do the next time I'm in Madrid. Love your city!, I get shipped with Louis like 75% of the time., So THAT'S how WAR is calculated..., LOl i posted the video of how i would look if i had a nicki minaj booty lol, Aced my midterm, Best way to beat the heat? Be like the critters and become nocturnal. And drink plenty of water!, Ticket sales along with drama like a soap opera......., I agree Moriah - too many self-absorbed people these days. Seems to be the "trend" or something. Sad. :(, Amen. Actually presenting on analog/digital interplay now in San Fran at #KAConnect2012 /, Oof. Too early for that talk! “: - fabulous! I trust you discussed regression analysis”, ": What just happend" agreed., Ok angry birds is str8, Gonna Change My Bio , Who Wants There Nam On It ? : ), do we have to? that is the real question, Just got rid of dining table to neighbors and made the dining room a new kids play area!, Watching in #NewGirl makes me happy! Catching up on my shows!, Decemberists live at Austin City Limits right now., speno let go??, Gypsy Revival listening evening at Bang, Beautiful! Love your use of color., This day needs to be over., i RARELY tweet when drinking! #NotSafe RT Drink every time tweets tonight. Not that I dont like them, It doesn't get more straight raw gutter gutter street NY rap than UncleMurda..., thanks! They are addictive yet make you feel good about eating a good-for-you snack., Spring Bulb Show runs through Apr 6th. $3/person. Thousands of blooms to see & smell!, yeah, I am, SAVE THE WAVE MIX! A good way to wake up., What fitness achievements are on your bucket list?, parkway slide that big over here, I get lots of "Fun Failure" playing Words With Friends...so I must be very resilient., Another day education.......leeggooo, #ThingsIWantTheMost: to stay with you forever., If you're staying at an RV Park in Albuquerque and you need your satellite dish pointed, call 350-6428., I also b @ fashion shows, parties, clubs & bars oh & I love a fancy restaurant, Thanks for the RT, Aurelia. It got a little #hairy for the #RedSox last night in the 9th., Having jelly beans. drank a monster at lunch. love you kenny! your the best!, Time is money, get u some, The biggest threat to America is Republican policies., well u botched the spelling but yeah, RT : get a cab and say "Twin Anchors", Good luck 2 all the SD natives playing in the all-star game tonight in PHX!, #PieceofAdvice If you go to Alaska, do not feed alcohol to moose, it’s illegal. Bet you didn’t know that., but on that note, i'm out <U+270C>nighty night, Being a truck driver is just like going off to college....u come home every once in a while, Here it is ! Secret life !!, man the #Mariners load the bases and still couldn't score anybody.., Today marks the 1 year anniversary of the Schipul Silicon Valley office opening! Congrats !, RT : PARTY on the PATIO this SATURDAY starting 930pm. DJ Cherntables aka CHIM is spinning!, really LOVE your blog!! So #creative and #fun!, Very good to meet you Dan. Thank you for joining our conversation :-), I'm in town from the east coast & will be @ the #uawow in #Denver to stop the GOP's, the road says closed...but people still drive down there so they can turn around haha, i am the empty vessel... keep it coming, Thanks to all who came out to Shades Of Africa!! Shout out to our lovely host, DM whenever you the chance. No worries. Have a relaxing night., Sometimes, doing something outrageous & dangerous could be the best option when your world feels as if it's crashing down., COME OUT TONIGHT!, And definitely can't forget...#FF !! :), bahah i come and fangirl on twitter c;, As a teen, left w/ a baguette a day at a hostel in Paris. As an adult, thanks to credit cards if budget plans fall through, You have to get 10 people to like our facebook page to win tickets!!! We're giving them away al week! GO RT, Don't think there could have been a better throw from H. Sanchez. And he did that on a slider from Zito!, Turning 19 next week, so ready!!!!!!, why all these niggas on facebook being tagged in pictures of shoes?, I didn't receive your request at all my friend, These refs wanna see a duke comeback real bad., Working in our ING Cafe tomorrow in San Francisco. Excited that there is a motorcycle in the lobby., yfrog.com/kh0jepj How bout that Bella is that good enough, How can Obamacare be a good idea? Didn't we learn anything from 2008 crisis? Namely the dangers of companies too-large-to-fail?, You work hard, you get far., why am i in this class if and aren't here?, If a Child Anti - Abduction Training Program were available in your area would you have your child participate?, Happy Thanksgiving!!, Feels like thursday, I, for one, welcome our new computer overlords. #Jeopardy #Watson #AI #singularity (Just going on record here. I hope it never comes up!), Thanks for the RT., Go follow her she needs one more follow soo she could get 900 !:), hi Bonnie, yes it's Michigan. I double checked the report to be sure:), my hairs not long no more! Lol, Tonight! , Mechanical Kids & Challenger @ The Loft. Music starts at 7!, I am a wreck. Lol, is a semi-finalist for #MassChallenge! Thanks to all who voted for us, you rock!!, Your 'precious detail' is my comedy gold. Eli is such a fun character to root for., #inthesummer you should make a lot of memories., go find DiCaprio for me! ;), Busting missions. -.-, I know. I'm just a sucker for boy bands., I am trying to find outdoor large colorful party oriental lanterns made out of a durable...?, The Album WRITTEN IN STONE is #1 in NEW YORK AND SOUTH FLORIDA REGGAE CHARTS. (2 weeks in NY and 1 week in South Florida) Thank you to..., Girls cant pee in popcans., Omg, me too. I need more girl friends and "girl nights.", Dam bro that sucked, I was expecting alot more outta you. You were in like 2 sketches. You need to put that 100 lbs back on Son!!, Keep your enemies close - & the one you love closer, what about any states close to you, oh no hahaha that was fast!, i do amazing on him xD Sivir hurts...& Rammus is decent...built up he pwns :P I like the AP ones best hehe...., hahahahah yes you are seeing my sugar rants then !! i am doing better going back on my healthy diet :) :) how is acting going? :), maybe it was buy one get one free?, you think they have one without the logo on it?, Listening to Real Time with Bill Maher, #Boonen will not start @ #amstelgoldrace this sunday. Just too tired from all the winning! Can you imagine riding over 150 miles in 1 day?, Hey all you FAC heads!!! Come in tomorrow for Thursdays special Any two top shelf grams for $30 donation all day longfff¢, see at that point in the day, a bra is just unnecessary (says the woman who didn't put a bra on until 330 pm), However! Hopefully that means someone can get off the waitlist!, bitches that get NO dick get mad when females getting some., A nigga feelin kinda strong today did 4 push ups, hmm. Yes. In fact, I'm thinking of genetating AMIs for dynamic versioned staging.. and maybe load balancer adds.. fun times :-), CANNOT believe u got swept by Colin on u got "dunk-faced" n "posterized" at same time, The hunger for suceess keeps my stomach growling every day!, hahah I know EXACTLY what you mean. Trust me, I'm escaping everyone, Annoying, clingy, obsessive, immature. Catchin' my drift?, I LOVE, Ugh I have to go to school extra early today for my zero class:( TGIF! :D, i saw that omfg, Radio just mentioned Ian Somerhalder & being in GQ magazine. They called him beautiful. I think the appropriate word is..um..perfect! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>, musical, happy, and random :D how about you?, Also thank you to Drew Snider for ending that nonsense., hanging around the city for the championship game?, Signs are every; we have to stay strong! YE, you'll always see me at my best even when I'm at my worst because my attitude is right. I'm positive for making ppl glow :), First tweet with the new logo - again, new Rails app coming out in the coming months. Beta testers welcome...drop me a line., Tonight's episode of #TheWalkingDead is scaring the you-know-what out me, and I'm LOVING it!, Wait...tonight's the NFL draft?, - Great work promoting our film :D Kudos, kiddo!, Thanks for the RT! : Cool!!!!! RT I just photobombed Steven #Spielberg in #rva on the set of #Lincoln!, Only the fearless, will do great., cool l'll be sure to get back to you today, Felt odd to book #Gally 2013 hotel and flight nine months out. Staying at the CP again, but conning till Monday AM for the first time., TY Jesus RT Dallas churches will ring bells at 11 a.m., an expression of gratitude that no one died in last week's tornadoes., geez I have been called short-sighted by a cookie monster! Yikes! Look guy - I speak the truth you just can't handle it., Buddy, When doing a class in LA?, PBR tall boys and man bags are taking over my corner! Ah!, I guess ill say ill miss you., Soon, our awesome prize getter is very busy selling newspapers in Clearwater, but he'll be back soon!, Question is why? Really just a rest day?, If it had not been for the LORD on my side idk where the heck I would be!!, Thanks for the RT's!, Good meeting today with management team....now its time to start booking gigs, Thanks... I miss her. She has been gone since yesterday!, Jorge Posada is one of the few hitters in MLB who doesn't wear batting gloves. His secret to keeping his hands tough? He urinates on them., Follow Us! You were part of the inspiration, after all., bug folks!!! This is why I love Twitter., Chicago Bears sign ex-Algonquin kicker Dave Teggart, . props are due to , not me., Ha! All hail the Green Bean! Love it. I think you're on to something with the worship of coffee beans..., “Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.”, Actually, I'm at FOX Sports South/SportSouth. The fun part about it is that I still get to see Grizzlies games from time to time., Lying and saying is on the season finale better not be 's way of attracting more viewers., I'm a sucks for a female that wear clogs and tattoos on her thighs, My dear followers,pleasse follow my back-up Thank yall!lav yah!, lol thats weird. Must be the taste., Them #subway rasberry cheesecake cookies are fucking flame, Ha. MTV has a podcast called 120 seconds. I remember when it was 120 minutes!, I wasn't going to say it..., that stresses me out! We have to put our big girl pants on now!, Nietsche said many years ago: #Education is what you learn from school, from home & most importantly between school & home., I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you, Unless your wife's' name is Grace and your not with Grace, T up for fucking crying. I thought you couldn't bitch at refs., Best movie of #TFF was #WhileWeWereHere, a gem of unassuming beauty., incredible! Send my best to J and Lou, #Marketing goals should complement the strengths of the social media platforms you use. Don't presume they're all the same!, If you have a clear mind and an open heart, you won't have to search for direction. Direction will come to you. - Phil Jackson, geez oh whiz....girlie girl...what are we going to do w/you and me...the klutz's of the world...oh gee....well as long as ur ok, Thank you for being so kind! You're a beautiful and sweet Arianator! ¦ ¦Bretana¦, lol -- that makes 3 of us, where in freehold?, Good morning! Hope you all had good weekends!, hi sweets did you get my email:)?, Let's Go Reds! Let's Go Reds! Let's Go Reds! Any predictions? Still rooms available for the huge sports weekend coming up!, Already have an exam tomorrow in my summer class. Didn't I just have a final last friday? Damn you UK, Woop! Very exciting., kind of why we were interested in having Henwood publicly dismantle Berman's tepid Keynesian statist imperialism, makes me content, happy. and complete, Just apologized to my wall for bumping into it..., she wasn't recording though :/ just sitting there all -____-, Just a quick hello to my friends at K-Twin:, you're probably gonna kill me but I am not coming back this summer. I got an internship! But we should definitely chill in day!, Taylor Gang or leave your coke stash with, Good morning to all the veterans, past and present. May. God bless you, Waiting around for a phone call <, HUGE Christmas sale going on plus we have tons of awesome new items. Check it out! www.nightowlmerch.com, have a great night =), Instead of using dyer, hang up your clothes outside on a line to dry., Just finished a photo shoot with Chef Ralph Perrazzo. Always great to work with a friend., I love U and John! Happy New Year! NERDFIGHTERIA!, RT Okay, I'm a whore for clam chowder. I said YES. <<<<----Can't wait to judge chowder again with Seattle Maven!, Hey Mr. Stout! How's life? How did the Hinckley Institute SF thing end up?, keep up the great work Rush! Tell the truth about the Muslim in Cheif. Real Americans don't listen to the vermin on the left., I love 520 rush hour!, the shade of it all, im sure that will be a rule next year no phone calls to kicked off members, Definitely agree it's not just Twitter. Which question were you responding to?, Thank you for letting us be a part of the event. We enjoyed it!, Lovely day ahead!, followed! follow back? :), #YEEEEEEEEEEEEEE You excited?, We met, we talked, we liked, we texted, we dated, we committed, I loved, you cheated, we're done, you're deleted., Thanks for sharing my post! :), Now look at me, I'm sparkling., You can either pick up (pdx or hillsboro) or we can mail a limited selection of items (not everything would survive in the mail)., : Thanks for the follow as well. Hope you'll stay tuned to what Sullivan Street Press is up to. We do good & sell books too., new boner city?, Please Baseball Jeebus please let the phillies win, probably some other, I suspect., why are great shows like Community and Arrested Development so low-rated? i've never really understood it, What's more boring than #NASCAR? Delayed, skill has nothing to do with him looking like a goblin tho., My pleasure Anna! You made some great points.--> Preparation + Opportunity = Success, do you by any chance know where I'd find those levels on the website?, That's exciting! Have fun tonight. You'll be awesome! Cc:, I understand...she had a great talent and will be missed, Research paper is done, and now i can breath!!!, #teamUncleMike #ALS thinking of you all today!, wait I'm following u boo, Thanks for the mention, Life is like a box of chocolates!, "Consume less" RT Hmm. If you're tweeting at 11 am, does that mean there's been a half day of procrastination?, Clearly, the officials have been bribed., that is a win! Thanks, Thanks for stopping out at the winery for Groovin'!, a CNN interview with optic bigtymer, Interesting statements on whether regulation helps/harms journalism. Copps & Furchtgott-Roth with varying opinions., Wasn't sure if you were still on for lunch- sorry I didn't check sooner. Still want to go or schedule later in March?, Good morning everyone...Coughing or have itchy eyes from brush fire smoke? Tune in to find out where the ash and embers are heading today., Dont mind me ill just sit here and eat my boring granola bar., Cabin bound :-) going to relax...., Focus your energy on doing something instead of being something, for it is the things you do that make you what you are, Chilling with this nigga a of right now, If Simon heard me in the shower, he would put me on tour with One Direction immidetely :D haha, just posted it~~, oh were you chewing on them? That breaks them too lol jk, i think its awesome that you like austin mahomie and justin bieber :), RIP Maurice Sendak - Let the rumpus begin....., this would only be amusing if i was studying for finals and not already graduated., Wow, I'm really impressed. Do you have them framed on your office wall?, The boys are off to America! Have a #safeflight1D <3, Have you tried our lamb?, Blended learning is not about the tech, but about sustainable, holistic instruction., truly you are beautiful the way you are not to be lame, RT : Really enjoyed myself last night for Freedia party @ Ceasars That's right y'all!, and ur different from the other girls. Man im glad i could find you and im really glad i could come to this school and meet u, JP Morgan's Jamie Dimon said on "Meet the Press" that the $2 billion trade loss wouldn't make a dent in the "fortress balance sheet.", ~awesomeness of it :P, what the?!, Hello Super Diamond! Nice to see the #supertweets! See you at Nokia! xo, Also there's a DJ currently playing every reggae song I danced to in high school. Best day., What's going to happen to Greys if everyone's leaving?, ayy friend how's u doing less get us a win tuday!!, I pray for all of us lol, TLC is currently back-to-back David Blaine specials. Enjoy., Fortune favors the brave. - Publius Terence, burnished goldtone. 17" necklace with 3" extender and 1"L pierced earrings., I don't imagine that TD Ameritrade is thrilled about this either., ...and I ball like swoosh., - tell them to fix it. Problem solved!, Eight legged freaks > love this movie, Spiteful Spitting, **Have a good safe trip**, I'm so glad you enjoyed the show! you really have no idea how much i love her and how worthy she is., Hey mb is on forgot to write tht on the last tweet! Who else goes on this account?, #Jeter bad play, I don't know if a quick fix is what you need, more like quick appellate brief?, Since when did Pitbull become the go-to salesman for drink products? I doubt anyone can have that much fun drinking Dr. Pepper., I should know better that tweets are locked! Lol -__-, You tweet a lot .-., Lebron has 4 playoff game winning shots, NO, JIMMY PROTESTED!!, RT : Josh Hamilton has more HRs in his past 17 at-bats (8) than all but 10 other players have all season., Alot of things has been changing n i dnt fucking like it one bit at all !!, I got nothin :P, That's enough from Ted Lilly, thank you and good night sir. Where's the hook?, Everything there is to know about the Rim Country... as soon as we know it. Starting around 9:00 am daily, except Sundays., hey! I'm good thanks for asking =) wby?, 3 more days left, and I'm counting down all the way!, Beef teriyaki and salads :), Pumped Up Kicks still in the works. However, there will definitely be a spanish CSI video coming soon..., Sheila Roher, Leonardo Blair and Jeanelle Roman will answer your questions on ageing in the next 60 minutes (2-3PM). Use, Phsycial was supposed to be at 9:30 why am i still sitting in this damn waiting room at 10:07 smh! I cant stand hospitals son, Again, we apologize for spamming all of our followers. If you received a DM that has a link & something about people talking bad, delete it., TEam Follow Back or REtweet me, Just a couple more minutes until we kick off #WOMMAchat. Calling all WOM-U attendees & social professionals, what topics are on your mind?, shit I don't think the no cruising can happen especially if you know me., : "Today, a ferocious focus on the few--most important--things.", yeah but preview students mean the food is gonna be good tidy and tomorrow!, wal mart of course, Happy Birthday Coach Alex :-), #np Somewhere Only We Know / Pip., Thanks for the follow!, Hey! Hit my text with your e-mail! :O), FOLLOWING SOME FOLLOWERS OF =), I'm going to my first game of the season tonight. Excited for copious amounts of peanuts & beer. Emphasis on peanuts., I made an Easter basket for my God Daughter but I ate it all, As specific, clear, and pure as your intention is, just that clear will be the result brought back to you.~ Deepak Chopra, Good thing Im not 60 that would have been a hip replacement. Lol, What can't wine fix? Nothing here., You haven't talked to in in weeks and all you can say is hey ? I'm over you, Yes! #Easter RT : The closing video today at was one of the most powerful things I've ever seen at any church. Wow!, Dreams do come trure..make a wish...Hustle..Hard..1, I'm not sure mate, you never know with Barca but I do hope Madrid wins, Ok. What's up with sticking the dance mash up in a circus tent in the parking lot of, There's an album cover in that photo somewhere. Hope your ankle is okay!, is hiring an event planning intern. Thought you might be interested!, Gambling, entertainment complex gets the cold shoulder, I'm up, damn it. What do you want?? :p, That's about your worst picture ever! You'd have to be drunk for a worse one!, for a technology company. i enjoy it. and, yeah, I'm certain we could! ;P, loll right I'm like yay, Need change. I suppose I'll start w my hair color., Most human energy dissipates into unproductive channels of materiality and sensuality. Tapa (austerity) saves it for spiritual growth., Enjoying the hood today, Would you rather receive a romantic gift or a useful gift?, Watching Jaws, y is Wil trying 2 crawl in2 my armpit? Classic, I need a new case for my phone!, Sun's coming back...tennis anyone?, #teamfollowback please follow - GREAT TEAM!!!, That's reasonable. I live on the Power Nap schedule, lol. I'm the king of the 20 min super nap., collection development homework & police women of broward county, I think Rhianna and Tyga should date., ......when your broke people treat you like shit, I now know the reason informercials are on after 4am. I think I bought a lot of crap As seen on TV! Last night/this morning, #Giro Glad to learn that dossard No. 108 has been permanently retired. It was a terrible shock to watch Wouter #Weylandt die on live TV., thanks :) haha an for sure sounds good!, I had an "L" sticker on my shirt all day. It stands for lucky., awesome fucking news., Were in the FINALS! _102.1 The X Presents The Studio B Concert Series Finals @ Capital Ale House 12/22/11.. BE THERE!! #RVA #RuAgYpSy?!, Thanks 4 the advice yesterday! Feel a lot better., My mom's nurse for the night is a Yankees fan. Things got momentarily weird. :x, : Thanks for great convo!, Kudos to our service team: "This has been so easy.. Let’s just say our previous vendor was nothing like this.” - LSU Eunice,, START! Doors are now open for Free Play! It's also happy hour until 7pm. Get down here! 21+, $5., Brittney loves the SUPER MOON., i'm tweeting from the orthodontist chair ;), true, but you can't recant your rant, grant, Dancing On Ice YEY! Crumpets at the ready x., Bonez n loanz on deck DIS fri #BDE “: ya dog aint ya dog when u get a bone and he dont get a loan!!!”, When haters hate. Don't hate back. Kill them with kindness. ¦ ~Damon Fizzy., Can you justify your own prejudice?, Speechless. Feel so terrible for #Mariano. Life ain't fair. If that IS a career, I don't see how it coulda been better., your dress at pandora's party was absolutely gorgeous! and it proved to be very versatile haha looved it! =) xoxo, I CAN ONLY IMAGINE, :) RT Call me when I'm lost inside your mind d #np - Waiting. Such a beautiful song!, you can offer what you think... and just love them through the rest., U they look like wingtips., I'm the type of girl who puts on her better smile, her better outfit, and better attitude, just to show him what he left behind., Yeah!! I agree! That would be so epic! :D That way you would get a workout plus kill some heartless! :P, Movie recommendation is Adam Sandler in "The Waterboy", Your welcome!, Up up and away...., somebody didn't text me back today., Are You An Independent Artist?? Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!!! and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!!!, I know but trusting in God will get it, #WhatDoYou call a bee that makes milk? A boobie, and I respond with a "Baby :( , I thought I was your princess??!!" hahah, The early bird catches the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese., Saturday night we return to Sean O' Callaghan's to rain destruction upon boring bar music., Sounds excellent! Toppings?, We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!! :), AMERIAN IDOL: Oh God! That's what AI needs, another joke like Taylor Hicks & Sanjaya Malakar, but it's Heejun Han., “: a beer for chocoholics...Atwater's Decadent Dark Chocolate Ale. A refreshing beer that finishes with a nice chocolate kiss.”, Kidrauhl Makes The World Smile. Yes, he does. I will always love him., Finally sunshine in the NYC!!!, Raspberry #Zima at best., Peeing is believing., that sounds delicious!, Had an awesome time touring #zappos today! Amazing #culture! Thanks #kwri for an awesome masterminds bonus!, alright, imma have to send a sampler and let him see what's poppin. U get them numbers on paper for MR NORTH EDITION? Lol, Well, heck. If that doesn't do it, nothing will., haha good to hear. How's it feel for your little bro to introduce you to a band?, I't Veterans Day, please thank a veteran if you know one :), But, you know, hurricanes. And 90+ degree weather plus humidity. Things I don't miss., This celo song before the game got me week, During the casting process of #Prettylittlethings, the producers & director saw over 120 professional pittsburgh actors. Selecting under 19., MB look good.., happy friday my.baby.girl!!, It was once said that "Politics & Solutions have little to do with 1 another. Solutions are about solving the problem, not taking sides."., I love Walmart :), Tonight has turned out really crappy, but I'm just going to keep on smiling:), Opening night of #HenryVI.. I need to take my preshow poop., #GoTribe I didn't know that Rob Lowe was first given the role of Patrick Dempsey as Derek Shepherd. Patrick is perfect ..., Big Announcement: #Sprint chooses Boxwire for employee feedback! Welcome and thanks for joining Boxwire! Its a big day!, Pacers game with the sisters :) leggo., That's what I like about these highschool girls, I get older they stay the same age., Nothing but love for you Tejas or Texas ... S/O to my Mexicans, I'm chilling though. Idk what's going on. Though., Zumba, workout, yoga :), Don't be surprised to see Corey Hart start at 1B for the #Brewers today. Gamel still sore & Astros start a lefty. Hart took balls yest in BP, said family comes first. So hes going back to his fam, lmao!! So true, The Great Blake, Can't watch because its raining so hard my satellite cannot get a signal..., Ellen, I know you get this all the time but how do I apply to work for I love watching you and your show, so fun! Keep it up, (4/26) Take a chance on 's RebelBingoParty where people win weird prizes and drink&dance to DJs NancyWhang +, thx v much. which story did you get from me? Couldn't find it. Thx, A bully can use the internet or phone to #bully you. Just because it is not in person does not make it any easier., Another 1st grader on reading and #WRAD "I love to explore and I like anvetrers.", wait... Mike thrasher... Really? We will pay you twice what he did to play at our doorstep with a thumb piano/eggshaker, so r u gay, So I told him again how busy I am and then he says "I understand u have kids so I can come by if u want" -_- the fuck!?, Thats that shit I dont Like gonna b the anthem, #Ron Paul suspends his #presidential campaign - Ppl are shocked because they thought it ended abt 6 months ago., My cousin Diego is gonna go watch the Chelsea & Bayern Munich game live :'(, Thanks for following ! Have a great evening :-), Know of a local business in Milwaukee that we should be following? Tweet us at, Eww...yucky. Hope you get to feeling better soon, migraines are the pits :-( Take care..., As I wake up this Mothers Day morning, I think to myself, I wanna cuppa coffee. This is not at all unusual., The team that can't possibly win can only attempt to be a spoiler., - Where are you now? Lets catch up. Missed you at the end of DEMO., Lol haha I'm lady gas-ga, I screwed up, 3 State Senators in WI being recalled will be scared when they see the numbers come in on Tuesday., 100 likes on my facebook status? gosh why am i so popular, Handlebars expands a LOT on mustache, not sure if all functionality should be in scope for ICH. Dot notation is nice though., Voting now, Off to schoolofcards.com tonight for our first real #poker lesson! Any tips on staying cool and keeping our game face on?, #herworld los angeles. The girls are arriving!, ESPN should take sports nation off the fucking air the hosts are clowns and don't know wtf they are talking about shows a joke, Sorry #MadMen, the dialogue has to be a little louder. Can't hear the characters over these chickens that have come home to roost., New beer and music festival planned in aid of Cumbrian rescue team, working on wedding pics while the kids sleep :), sometimes I set my intention to be patient with my yoga instructor so that when they fuck up my flow I don't want to strangle them, Miles of DISD: We test too much in DISD. Quotes Moneyball: "If he's such a good hitter, how come he doesn't hit good. ", mostly because Saarinen is dead. But, I hear he's got some talented grandchildren..., my pleasure!, With one voice, the town dripped fear/into my morning coffee and the whisper/drove persistent echoes/of our macabre dream, #dodgers acquire #podsednik aka juan pierre, Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. Gordon B. Hinckley, Spending a nice spring morning at Arlington National Cemetery., what host did you go to?, ": EVERY GHETTO IN NEW YORK CITY KNOWS ABOUT Dynasty Because you the Best... Pa:)Lante....., Just tapped ruby red bird.... The perfect beer for this weather:), look at you...tweeting like a pro., Going out to a club tomorrow night with my babyboy...should be interesting!, Getting seen at the health center. Hoping I don't have strep, I'm so happy it's Friday! Margaritas, pizza, mis dos amores & XMen. I'm a happy girl. <3, wow, that's awesome!, COME SEE US!, good good! I had a lot of fun! She is the definition of humble and good character, Cant stop listening to #SAYSOMETHING its so perfect now you just gotta come to Boston and peform it!(; Love you #NOJOKE <3333, I tell her goddamnnnn, bong bong bong, Lets go, Let there be no compulsion in religion. Truth stands out clearly from error - Quran 2:256, Crepes and coffee after todays run at the international food festival in Balboa Park., singer/songwriter/corrupter of children, Budget Cuts all but close summer classes for Higher Edu in California. Can't even get 6credits that apply to my degree. The END is NEAR!, “: I bleed orange year round, but I pledge allegiance to the #BBN today! #SECAlways” love and appreciate the support Go Cats!, we are looking for a guitarist and a vocalist hit us up if you wanna try out!must have your own gear and transportation, Can someone please come up with a weight limit for skinny jeans 0_0, =^.^= Offer for Shelves,chrome,pk 5 – METRO | Garage Storage ..., It didn't take long... I didn't make it thru the 365 on Flickr, yet again. Hows the pups?, Ha RT : You should be aware that a #Scorpio female will not take it lightly if you are disloyal or casual in your dating process., John's Incredible Pizza in Beaverton is INCREDIBLE! Buffet, games, rides and so much to look at. Beer and wine too. Highly recommend. A+, Anyone nit-picking enough to write a letter of correction to an editor doubtless deserves the error that provoked it., 3 hour ride down to NC today with 2 Chiefs and an Ensign just to pick something up, turn around and ride 3 hours back., People don't change, they just find new ways to lie to you, For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Paul Mecurio, how bad, As I just mentioned to a co-worker...I know what I'm told I know., ah!! Best tweet ever., “: The niggas that u went to school wit a catch u while u in us new whip and turn ya brains into cool whip..”this so throwback, so I'm sure you know that James Franco is in Arlington....nobody will take me to the thingy.im sad :c lol, You all need to make your way to Hawaii to visit me. I'm on an island full of men., I JUST WANNA SEE U STRIP! !!!! (GODD DAMN YOU SEXY), that looks amazing!, Thanks to for the ride, cake, and good conversation. Appreciate it mucho! Next stop: PNS by way of ATL., the prowler sled! Gets you shredded everytime!, I hate that! I'm going tomorrow to get my nails done broke half of my thumb nail off :(, Off to see the wizard., Glenbard libraries to allocate half of acquisition budget to Overdrive., Website for Cebu Real Estate Properties for Sale Philippines .... Buy and Sell. PC DESKTOPS for Internet shops or PISONET All Brand N..., gonna be an interesting week, Whoa, just joined Twitter., « #Scorpios approach life with an all-out passion», Adam and eve not Adam and Steve!!! -Matthew Moore(:, Okay, just release 210 by the next time I go to Roosevelt/Canal or ride the BNSF Line, whichever comes first. Lmao XD, all of my teams won today :D, so y "lady" wasnt with him in 1st class? y she never in public w/him but always is?, Mourning the loss of 's sharing function. What other feed aggregators does everyone use?, i dont know i just made this twitter. Woof.., Bankers Life Fieldhouse live tonight #all yellowerrythang, Songs for the split will be done soon. Who's excited?, Perfect lazy day, wow ....i was born in milan :), Hey All ... my phone is busted and won't be repaired until Tuesday. In the meantime, please email or Facebook me. Thanks!, Life is easier when your not attached, with top 5 pick, batum and next year lottery pick? LA is 26 and don't wanna be bosh and the raptors and never getting better, You may have already heard about Internet. Now you can try it for #FREE. Simply use code 2284749710fse thru 1/7/10, I think another week off would be fair ;) spring break recuperation lol, Im so scared man.!!, That's probably because you are :) Hehehehehe :P, I just kinda went with it, being the quiet one suits me best, Just got puked on, no big deal, hey hey! Want to help me with a new drawing project?, I sometimes wonder how people don't realize how obnoxious they are when talking on their bluetooth headsets., oh I'll be down to play. I'm excited to try it!, blasting xo by in the whip. such a solid traq., Bro idk how to play!! I gotta learn RT : im expecting you to be there, see if your good at beer pong, Out with the cold, in with the woo. - E. Marshall. Yes, spring is in the air., #SportingKC are hosting a friendly on August 1 against Stoke City. Tickets on sale next Wednesday., Day 2 begins., Berns excellent sommelier, food lukewarm, cody steak better, dessert room a joke, stand in line then wait for service, overrated, . drugs would help nugent; he eschews them. his mind could use some expanding beyond its prepubescent pillbox capacity., The last thing I want to do right now is work, Any good Spirituality books? I like asking for recommendations - don't be shy., Get out the scrote, Lol A lil above average not that tall, I never know if it's there'd or there'll but I do know that that is my all time most ear worm-y ear worm., Also on today's show, regular contributor Steve Almond discusses Mark Smith's account of the Cannabis Cup & the pursuit of "dankness.", Prior to you can really begin setting financial goals, you need to figure out where you stand financially., I've already tried :(, your welcome, I went from hundreds to thousands, The worst feeling ever? Knowin that no matter what u do u can't change how someone feels about u...sucks!, They say that love is forever Your forever is all that I need., Appreciate the love bro, See you on Thurs!, we gone see bra bra, Fwy in both directions absolutely silent. Eerie!!, “: Going to hi five and jack white tonight.” so jealous!, Well stay tuned they will be for sale in my etsy store very soon!, I think Teddy tight ass might surprise us this off season. We have to do something on defense & not through the draft, Hi doll did you get my emails:) yet?, Seriously, who still thinks pop-up ads work and aren't annoying? I'm talking to you,, Thanks for following back :), #SignsYouAreASneakerHead You have 2 pairs of the EXACT same shoe. But in different colors., heyy! I just followed you :), Kobe thinkin' he's Jordan? SMH, Thanks for the RT. Will you be attending this #cnndialogues?, Leading Awaken in one hour. Fitting, I think. Lord, please wake us up!, ugh yes :/ I went the other day and I wanted everything even the guy clothes lmao :'c, When I was a kid I asked my parents for a camera for my birthday and all I got was a PONY., I absolutely did. I have a long commute., what Yu up too?, Gonna try and use the excuse I got kidnapped for the reason in late. I'll say it was the taliban, I'm feeling good about us forcing +30 vs. the enforcers (terrible follow-up to the movie 300, set at #paxeast), Great talk last night. Thanks for sharing your experience (and vacation!) with us., Headed to work blessed with. No stress.., I've been the laziest all day. I think I've watched the ESPN run through 8 times., Don't forget to sign up for Friday's user group ft. CampusHelp Financial aid! Email to sign up!, Talking with Bus Company to find out how they keep kids safe. Tune in at 5:30pm to see what I learned!, preordered mine today as well!, #military #discount 15%off ALL ORDERS Just use promo code "Freedom 15" checkout www.1800anylens.com "Seeing is Believing", If #Angles Bourjos is on the market, #Phillies should offer minor league SP. Bourjos replaces Victorino when he leaves., I miss you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>, Oh HELL NO... I'm never going near an airplane in my LIFE!, What do u think is president chances in 2012 as now ?? Hm thinking, I forgot how much I missed tweeting :), Are you making daily cash? 2% daily Invest what u want, And Now We Murderers, Because We Kill Time, I Knock Her Lights Out, And he Still Shine, yeah but his shotgun was magical...didnt it shoot way too many times before needing a reload?, Warm weather where are you.... It's harder to type when you're wearing gloves!, ran into anyone special today? Why do I never see you!, Actually had productive meetings today. Who would have though it possible., #WHITEHOUSE Join us in helping the president achieve these goals to make the US great again. Taking the money out of politics is essential, celly you know that i miss you i just wanna get wit u but i can right now so kiss me thru tha phone, .#ff So Many! To my new Russian followers ALL (70+) (?) I wish you great outcomes in your upcoming elections.Put People NOT Institutions 1st, It's so warm in Nashville!, S.A. Madison leads Harlingen 28-13 at the half. Looking at some stats & so far it seems like Laredo United gave the Mavericks a better game., Only FIVE SCENES away from the first (very) rough cut!!!, “: According to studies, the more you talk about someone, the more you fall for them.” JORDAN MARK WITZIGREUTER *cough cough*, #rulesoftwitter don't hash tag everytime u tweet I hate that, yeah i usually buy 6 for sandals but otherwise 6.5., Hard truths cut both ways., But its lonely, YES. Also, I've been pumped up about the humanities all day. Thanks, Martha., Thanks for the props!!!, : You can't fight poverty with bake sales, What booth?, That's a tough one! Cher comes to mind. It would be neat to try on some of her zanier looks just for fun., That game though. >>>, the bones of ancient creatures/fall from glass and steel hulks - / so many renegotiated raindrops bursting on the sidewalk, Will standing on my head help ideas to flow better?, yawn! way tired! listen to basenectar to wake up?? Yes. :), It's way to hot to be doing anything else but laying out on the beach <U+2600>, GO TO MY WEDDING NOWWW, don't know. Ask Bob L!“: Do you think we'll see highs below 55 again this season?”, Three more days until the "Absurdities Crept In"opening! Woo Hoo!, RT : Are you a wonk? Do you want to know? Find out /judyblog, Safe flights for all our & family coming home. Here comes a well deserved break for all of us., Sorry for the spam tweets folks. We've deleted them and are back in control. Have a great weekend!, you would either become like superwoman and bench 300 or your heart would rip itself out of your chest and run away., Any one trying the G1?, when are you coming to the easy coast..?, In dat bitch fresh as shit, what are you doing tomorrow, Thanks to all of you who submitted! For those of you who didn't, please do so for our next issue!, speaking of weddings....you comin?, what's on ur mind?, Pictures are so Decieving, Wendell Berry NEH 2012 Jefferson lecture "we do not have to live as if we are alone.", haha I know :)), Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. -Isaac Asimov, Do you remember when they wrapped Kit Kat bars in foil?, The only thing that can beat Linsanity is Melocrity., In the trial of my life, I plead the fifth, the 5th of May. Happy Cinqo de Mayo, hrm...what to do after my Fulbright for an income until January..., OMG i literally literally literally thought iw as on boiling points today too!!! almost stormed outa ulta then & there :l, Nothing says I really mean it like writing "hb" on someones birthday timeline, Edmodo requires no email address, so I feel it's better for younger kids., Its been a Long week! Can't wait for weekend to be here ;-), How can you win authentic, autographed, Carlos Giullien goodies? Answer: Which Social Good Detroit Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?, I hope everyone has a Zippity Do Da Day!...*even though it's Monday*, smh, just another twitter tough guy who can't stand the fact they might be wrong. You stay classy., That's why I downloaded and rewatched the season finale of #Castle :D, it was a few Falls ago., let me know what you think if you get around to reading From one author to the next, I'm curious!, No doubt...never sleep, never stop. Mucho appreciation, Nice!!! I should do the same RT I have decided that today will be my Friday<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, Set the DVRs!!! I'll be on FOX nFriends sometime between 615 and 630 tomorrow morning to talk about our special operations personnel., M&A Tip of the Day- Make sure your post closing transition is carefully planned. Many issues can come up so to plan is crucial..., If i see one more senate voting commerical, i just might throw my tv out the window..., Had an out of this world dinner with at, "life is short, while alive - live.", what u got ps3 or xbox, The wife should not leave her husband and the husband should not divorce his wife. - I Corin. 7:10b & 11b, Wow. LA Coroner sounds like some crazy stuff!, Ok they have the touchless soap despenser, faucet, & hand dryer. If anybody tries to make my toilet paper touchless I loose it!, I guess I was just practice., Thanks, see you there!), I hope everyone at my school is too stressed or busy to register for fall classes so I can get into all the classes I want next semester., you leaving the iPhone behind?, hi cutie!:), Our promo for the San Diego Family Expo is airing on the Walrus 105.7 fm. Listen and. Let us know what you think!, These women on these crossfit games make me wanna get into shape, but at the same time, they frighten me, So much tweeting!, Tune in to www.electrolouis.com from 6-8pm for PROPER THURSDAYS presented by DOUBLE HELIX!! Starts at 6PM on 6-11-09!!, made me so happy but now back 2 depressed nd cutting thanks t megan, When you get ejected this late in the game and youre a bench player and you down by 30+..you supposed to suck it up...what did Ebanks prove, NEVER SAY NEVER ! :D <3 Just wanted to say Hi, and how's it going? (:, It doesn't make any sense and yet it makes all the sense in the world., haha yussh(: pretty great username, I know(: you'll be addicted in a little while haha(:, She's A Lady - Forever the Sickest Kids, I really really miss, "My Cuban cigar from Mexico!!", Ah man. U can die and from taking a shit, ..good or bad. So now I'm using a rudimentary hand replayer and calculating my equity by hand at end of day. My sanity quickly returned., thanks, youu too (:, I love when you pretend I don't already know I'm, #Bruins need to go get Nash!, At #DRAKE concert in Denver!!!! Cant wait! Weather perfect and the boots are looking good :), Sounds good Steve..., Is this the newest form of "Tebowing?" (#TimTebow @, They know their jobs are secure because LA and Franzke are too coarse for TV., The worst thing in the world is a creative person with 1 idea. Scott Dikkers, founding editor of The Onion., Of school, work or both? RT : a day off -.-, I live each day as it's my last... screaming and covered in blood., Doing a week's worth of homework so I have no homework during the play..., Well, sticking your dick up your own ass is pretty impossible.., Tweet up! That's the day before my bday, came on!, lmao i never got your text, Try to avoid Transnistria-thats where most of the border problems occur. Most trains now avoid it and many buses., RT : Fierce gay marriage debate betw Christie and Jonathan Capehart on Morn Joe. Gov challenges Obama to declare his..., Happy ! Does this mean I can just read all day instead of work? ;-), Says the guys who think EoS contains his best material., FACT (F)orget the past (A)ccept the present (C)hange the future (T)hen smile : ), what do you think of the new #google search page?, EFFEN CUCUMBER officially my SUMMER drink, new convergence culture reality: books more like tv in terms of necessary time investment/concentration. Thinking is hard!, Huntsman: Republican affiliation based on traditions of past leaders, does "no parking" / street repaving on my street mean i have to park 8 blocks away if i wanna be able to get out of my driveway monday?, I'm no beauty queen I'm just beautiful me :), nice to hear from you, I love the #futbol card today as we are moving lines across the world, it's a fact not #rhetoric I can, No definitive guidelines for mobile #accessibility but there are related guidelines, Men take only their needs into consideration, never their abilities. Napoleon Bonaparte, #20ThingsAboutMe 16. My daily snack is cheddar cheese popcorn and a fruit punch Arizona., People only change because they want to, not because we want them too., Just went to see Bully at the Drexel. It was a great movie that everyone should see. Please take your kids. We need to change this now!, Share a smile with someone else so that they know there is always hope. :), I cant wait to get the final video!!!, Entrepreneurs: Don't have time to wait - apply to present at the 2012 Angel Capital Summit!, RT #50ThingsIHate 7. people who think they are better than others, Happy Birthday! Happy Friday the 13th., First day back at school, ugh, EVERYONE please be a part of the kony 2012 movement. Doing everything you can to help out! Get a kit and join us in April 20th 2012!!, Great & my day just got worse... -.-t Thanks mother.., - Just got the Mac & Cheese Bites - The office went nuts and I only got 2!! They are WONDERFUL-next time I will have to get extra!, Agreed! Perfectly timed considering all that's going on right now over here. American Puritanism can be so intolerant! :), Working on exciting events! B n the loop &stay tuned by signing up on r interest lists! Edenglen.com, LiveColonyPark.com, LiveBotanika.com!, im really sorry :( we shouldnt have gone outside either, I dream about the Birthday Oreos!, What should I wear today?, watching first 48 ., That's not what I mean. I'm asking if your self-identified sexual orientation is only a loose description of your sexual feelings., I haven't even started!!!!, THAT DOESN'T COUNT. You're not Scooter Braun or JB., MT : Might Stanford reforms foster a two-tier system, problematizing value of PhD in either market? // Yes. E.g. DA degree reforms, RT : Eghhh i have a six hour boot up time, thanks.. Ugh!, Hey im following :), get it son!, An erection is like the Theory of Relativity - the more you think about it, the harder it gets., aw thank u, both important traits of any bard/songsmith/MC/storyteller RT : not only stories, u need to be quick witted and funny too!, RT : Dancing In Dark ...., See! Good things happen when you let Tebow play!, yes!!! Waahhhh! I gave him a 3 second hug! I LOVE HIM!!, In Greenville, SC with GETTING READY TO TURN UP...UP IN HERR, RT : Somebody tell why he should pick Syracuse one more time before he makes his decision, Robert Frosty the Snowman, we need proof!, Best afternoon snack in a while = #halfpops. Bag of popcorn that only has the half-popped kernels. Brilliant, and tasty., nope, just me for tonight. Colin should be back sometime next week., Was gonna read the news on #mayday but was distracted by the promoted story about and the #smiths... the commies can wait!, same here. has a classic simplicity, The true art of living is doing everything out of love, we goin to sky high senior skip day, hhahahahahahahah.... anytime i see the lyrics to that song typed-out, i die. so ridiculous., My family is so torn apart...why cant it just be normal and happy?, you in LA?, Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts., how you doing?, Does any one Please help My friend frank.!! He needs gay people in his msn: Thanks <3, I'm great. Just don't like lying sorry mu'fuckaz., foolish places do, yes. Generally if you have SSH, you have SFTP, too., What's your favorite walking and/or running shoe?, Good morning ! : ), LOVING ME SO MUCH RIGHT NOW!, Negra mas fina = a more refined black, 1st Fri. night Shabbat dinner of semester. HiIlel House looks beautiful inside & out (nice m/over 4 a 70+ yr old). Calm before the storm., encouraging #lpc to take risks, Get a Crock Pot! I wish I had one when my kids were little., Be honest. How many of you had to google "MCA" before posting "RIP MCA?", I think I nervously shook his hand about three times, so one of those is yours., And we gone have a, good good night., At Costco the day before #Thanksgiving. Here's hoping I'll get crushed by a 50-lb roll of toilet paper and be put out of my misery., My heart overflows with Love, Last night living in the Dwight#211. What am I watching ?, The only thing I'm doing this weekend is sleeping. And I swear if someone wakes me up, it's going to be ugly., Please remember that Saturdays class will be canceled due to a funeral, pretty sure he was. Sounded old, not really the joking type, Dead sea soap for free with any 20 pound dead sea salt purchase: Starts soon. Very limited quantities. Check back for more details., I just shit myself wow that girls jacket on the right so beautiful, What a rip off! People should be outraged! Paying online requires less work for Verizon., praises to the most high, I accept your apology :), Looking for a Graphic/ Environmental Architectural Designer with Experience Enhanced Environments, the ideal designer will marry visual com…, the 22 magnum is legally classified as an addictive substance I'm pretty sure... ;), So yall still convinced Miami aint gone be playoff bound?., Help Deuce Deuce get to 9k followers!! <3 Give them a "like" if you like cute boys & beatzzz., Only halfway thought "Being Elmo" and I've gone through all the tears I rationed for Mother's day., Vermonters in the front row for at NEBHE's Locally and Regionally, HEY GUYS I THINK ONE OF US SMELLS?, Yay its friday! And im up in the gym working out to, On the road to Jersey, is open today from 10am-4pm!, Let me get ya netflix pass code n screen name so I no its real!!! && so I can watch paid n full, And I'm one lucky girl. :'D <U+2764>, Do you know the meaning of the #ANC Centennial logo? Read more, on its meaning that derived from the theme ' Unity in Diversity'..., This is day four without #dietcoke. The things I do!, RT : #lifeinstructions It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere., I need the statistician who predicted the #redsox would win 101 games this season to come give me a personal pep talk. Preferably, soon., eww not kool! my butt hurts, RT : Florida HB 7135 pending Gov's signature: requires colleges to give employment & earnings info to students...., I can't wait either!!, About to watch some movies, #Zimmerman prosecutor sounded like Llyod Christmas from dumb and dumber today. "So you're sayin' there's a chance....", What's up with your boy TB12's hair? Looks like he's channeling your old Mohawk., Worst part about falling asleep to music is I wanna sing along. Goodnight :), Best of Ohio does breakfast tonight on ch 99 at 7- tomorrow anytime on Ch 411. Remembering the Dim Sum we shot is making me hungry..., Getting nervous about being away from M from Thurs till Saturday., “: That awkward moment when someone says "you two should go out!" & you're just standing there like "...I wish"”, Who got a extra tmobile phone they dont wont, possibly Rick Dudley related?, when you coming to Milwaukee to ?, is it safe to upgrade my iPhone4 to iOS5 yet?, So jealous of people who have the day off. Would love to be playing hockey right now, Infusion Center Blues, and of course nothing racist about idea that liberal black people vote on skin color but conservative white people vote on issues, Rumor has it...., man i been knocked tha fuck out, the worst is over ...but you already know we #Goodfellas ova here, AND, and, the Flyers go another year without a Cup! I love it., when did u text for me to text u back?, There's a poster that hangs in the #facebook office that's says only 1% of our job is done. it's not just a platform for selling..., One way to lessen the empty feeling of departing energetic #TribeFest? In flight Wifi. So many great people. Thanks to everyone, Hope I get this lil Job. That would be coo, O I forgot its Cinco de Mayo, Last Day. Get the attention some of the Chargers get with Dr. Brad. He will fix you up! www.DailyGroupSavings.com $39 deal, Do you all have it recorded?, Religions trade food for prayer, education and shelter for conversion. The government is moral it asks for qualification., This is where I can ultimately fall on my own katana sword. #ItsHardTo be patient. Be patient young doka., Baking scones high >, LADIES FREE $5 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED & KITCHEN OPEN 21 + YOUR SAFETY IS OUR, Heh. Is that the banner? Looks a bit out of date. Perhaps you offer then an updated version, for a cheezeburger today., Street team models wanted for Houston this weekend $$$$$$, How come the apps not working on box?, Alcatraz is a really cool experience. Also check out Fisherman's Wharf during the day. The seafood is fresh delicious., Did that beer fridge promotion in Kirkland with you and/or Elise happen already?, When u text me "....." it makes me wanna kill u over and over and over again!!, I'll be on the lookout., disregard last tweet , it's a bit chilly - #gottago - I seen u with a coat, Really the houstons need help 4 kicking Whitney husband Bobbi Brown #not cute, Anyone watch the SHO series Spartacus? Or am I the only one who likes bloody gladiator scenes and hot naked Roman girls all over the place, Gotta hit free throws, gotta keep them off the offensive glass., Burning man last night couldn't have had more hippsters and minors bumming cigarretts!, Did I mention my new fave twitter app is twicca? Clean, has all the bells and whistles I need, including color coding specific tweeps....., Fuck all haters I see, cause I hate that you breathe. I see you duck, you little punk, you little fuckin disease, SEX WORK IS REAL WORK, Well in my country we are being torn between are loyalty to are long time allies and the tweets are keeping us awake sigh..., Happy Sunday!, I started to change the channel and was liek y does the name sound so familiar and then i saw cher, hm u can use Vega protein powder..what's a good vegan substitute for egg whitesfor baking?, that's fine but be prepared to just sit around watching us play cod, Hey bill, did you see that them there cars on fire on the news. Yea those fuckers from Kentucky are RETARDS., Classes are now being held that Main Campus Extension. Go to link for detailed info, www.bramsonort.edu/direction/index.html, #timemanagement tip via "The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities", May you have a fantastic Monday brilliant one. We will talk this week. Look up, good things are in store., I Had To Miss Your Ustream, Last Night :( I Was So Sad!, Kpbs is back on the air. Thanks for your patience!, ughh..frustrated. who do these people think they are!, If you are making a lot of new #flipclass vids this summer, start early! You will be glad you did., Video introduction to The Millennials television series will be launching soon along with the official site., awh thanks girl. (:, I want to host :3, Radical poetry must create the taste by which it is appreciated. ~Coleridge (paraphrased), #Grilling out tonight? Add some JD’s #SalsaSeasoning to your kabobs or steak for a new family favorite!, Seeing #GoodLuckJedward trending?? Is it on tonight or..?, just so your aware, I have you website scheduled to update to the new wordpress 3.3 tonight around midnight., doubt it, USA USA USA! come on girls we can do it :), done with it IDC ., I need to go to sleep i made my wish so iguess this means goodnight twitter:), Jumping up and down on my bed then falling off... Sweet -.-, #NowListeningTo; "Lose Yourself" By #Eminem c:, Attention to details, He shouldn't. He's right, Metallic Gold Adidas Tear-aways RT: : What is your most risque fashion moment?, I bet it stands out from all of the pretty pink houses., thanks dear!, YES it's about time! RT I put in my two weeks at the nite owl! I'm almost free from the creepers for good!!! So excited!, Can you easily name your top 10 favorite songs?, i love me new swimsuit bihhhh, Ok. Someone at the NCAA or CBS should lose their job over booking the Fray., RT Happy Mothers Day to all the fabulous moms!! This one day is not enough to show appreciation!!, This is no joke...www.millionaireminds.org Free youself TODAY!, Never, ever help from strong side corner against even average players. Vs good ones it's automatic 3 pter, Brownie was the first thing that popped into my head, but it seemed a bit much for 6:30 am., We're out of pudding but we do have a very nice and light roll cake from the Asian bakery., If u RECIEVE a text at 12:00 noon, saying you have won a prise then text back there will be 3 winners good luck. (PRIZE WILL BE IN TEXT MSG), A HIWI book?, On my way to Lordstown, Intermission interview has spoiler alerts!, I can't wait until tomorrow. #beta :), Flipping the camera off in your pictures just screams classy., On my way to the Greenhornes concert at the Double Door. Pretty sure CTA just stole a fare from me., Is it a Mazda? I think we had a recall on a Mazda for a tire pressure issue., Booked a really fun role in a feature!, hello universe. i'm ready for love again. thank you., : what other states has it been in and what is its success rate? And why make chick beer?, That last RT of goes to She'll get the joke:), made the Austin Business Journal's Top 10 list of Website Designers & Developers. What can we do for you in 2012?, :Watched Criminal Minds! Bates Motel! Dark! Great! Loved it!, Being a person of Influence is a job not a lifestyle. Find sum1 who knows the difference, your picture upsets me, Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 89, Agreed. At the moment listening to Tom Rindflesch discussing Unified Medical Language System developed by NLM/NIH, Ive got practice! Up early in the morning! Hopefully when I get back will have followed or replied!<3 & <3 the name, Loving the #spoonman performance @ the soirée. The bubbles, pretzels & company are stellar., BlackBerry App World for PlayBook is built with the Air SDK, oh well..nvm, I never seem to learn my lesson, Thank you to everyone that's used the #coupon so far., off with it!, Is an inactivist a thing? Because I think I am that., Andria Derstine appointed director of the Allen Memorial Art Museum at Oberlin College, Good bye mailman, good bye Avon lady, good bye Jehovah's Witnesses...., Such as? We're going to the King Tut exhibit and I want to get this niece and nephew as enchanted with Egyptian history as I am., is gonna be good but if comes with him they will be great, Hey Gundy, get rafer back in NOW, The Barefoot Contessa just gets me, Dude...I hate to have to tell you this - Just get a car..., Had an awesome launch team meeting tonight! There were 40 people there ready to see God do some big things! Don't miss the next one!, Listening to Blackstreet-Before I Let You Go lol . Okay really goodnight now :)) FETISH HOUSTON TONIGHT !!!!!, Drinking IPA like home brew this evening. Not bad!, Should be!, I'm sorry to reply now;) but here is 18:26! Some news? :-), there ain't nothing to do except watch the fight., I prepare meat free about 3 times a week, I thinks my older 11yo son has #ODD on top of his #ADHD plus #anxiety but how do I fix this? Drs we hav seen want to giv pills, Thank you #CLE for a great weekend. Book with us for bottle & transportation deals. Special Thanks to, I lost a lot of followers :/, He said I got Groupies, Hoes, & A Fan Club .... Damn Idek that lol lol, oh bummer! Sorry to hear this., I those dreams, are u ready to watch your Lakers lose!!, Love the intensity King Felix brings. Dude is a beast!, Perfect thing for my sick day. Thanks!, No excuses lady! You're right across the street? We have a ton of delicious signature cocktails for you try then ;), he's a wanna be actor, dear I am SO HAPPY you released the #1thatgotaway the video made me cry. It's my favorite song by you and I love you. Take care<3, These "good girls" that you speak of are mythical creatures of our imaginations., and shoot me ur bio fam, i wana put u up on our site wen it gets revamped, I'd really like to see Knuble back next year, love the guy., heading over to the mall, Find the closest cliff? Explain, RT : thanks for teaching me iPhone tricks! continuing education... happy to help!, Session one Au Discover students arrive tomorrow and Monday!, aw,stop it,i love it! back atcha xo, I believe I am such a better wife than I was a girlfriend. Marriage looks good on me., "New guy, new day, everyday!"-- Miss NatalieNunn BGC4!, this is the worst leg of the Tour of California., I thought the same thing, but they do show #Tiger real quick putting on a green jacket. cheers, that's gonna happen at concerts tho, #FollowBack Video Director | Graphic Designer | Photographer, We are crooked souls trying to stay up straight., It took you 13 days to come up with that response?, Yo we sent you a dope track, holla back., Thank you everyone for the outpouring of good wishes & support yesterday! You all helped contribute to GROSVENOR SQUARE's successful debut!, Protests are the new normal. This is the winter of people's discontent. It promises to be interesting going forward..., If their tweet to u is short link only display their profile. If there are no followers BLOCK THEM - don't open the link. It's spam., Pomegranate Plunge, Tropical Smoothie....about to be a good morning, A bowl of soup and a camera! Get creative with it! Two beards, one soup is always a popular choice, thank you for the mention! :), Im fina get out dis house sumbody role up, Those t-storms had some intense lightning., Currently sporting one of those sore throats you get after drinking coffee from a cup that didn't have the dish soap rinsed off well enough., Merry Christmas everybody !!!!!, Alright. "Immortals"...let's see what you got!!, Loves that Leonard Nimoy was on hand when the US Shuttle Enterprise "landed." Way to tie pop culture into STEM! (Sci, Tech, Engi. Math)\!, Pavel Datsyuk's steal and goal was AMAZING!!! Noone else in the NHL can do that that quickly., i heard somewhere that chad's best friend was black... oh wait i heard it from chad. like 30 times., ~>I dislike this..., Looking for a dog for a Veteran on the Montgomery Co Humane Society website and can't believe how many beauties there. So sad :(, “: I agree. I'd like to see a SG over a big man. But I trust Cal... lol”, There was a false rumor on the internet yesterday that facebook was going to start charging payments., -______- no I'm not jerk ha, High school graduation rates in Las Vegas are 44% vs 71% for the national average., Listening to my Grandfather talk now reminds me of how cassette players sounded when the batteries started to go. He's winding down., ": “Avoiding a fight is a mark of honor; only fools insist on quarreling." Prov.20:3", I wish I could wear hockey jerseys all year... Most comfortable shirts ever. But with temps hitting 80 time to retire em til fall., #Kobe with 24, isn't Coach Brown the same guy that lead the #Cavs & LBJ 2 the best record 2wice w/LBJ win'n 2MVP's?, Also, I think those cupcakes will make a good breakfast., My mother loved the edible arrangements and them heels., It is bed time gotta wake up early with the little monster man..but I love my nephew to death, RT : Lisa Jervis may be the best NTC Case Study presenter I've ever seen. Great job!, how bout sun valley front 9, Many things! I am a strong believer of Reuse, Recycle, & Reduce. If I can make something new from something old I do., swing by Italy & See ADNAN SAKLI .. Help economy.., what is a healthy meal for ppl who are highly active with type one Diatbetes and celiac?, Looking forward to your #2012MAC talk on Thursday., Anchorman II and peyton manning at quarterback what a great life!, Some highlight visits at the 2012 :, Tired hate working saturday mornings #shortlazy weekend, ah! i need your number, text me lol, I start a master gardener program tonight. Four months of fertilizer, pruning, and pest control. Oh, and growing stuff too., God, I hate walmart. Those bastards can die in a fire, for all I care., Whatever I do, I aim to live on purpose. My purpose being to connect with others through the power of music! What do you stand for?, Yeah, okay, the Avengers looks amazing., want me to tell you a joke?, Obama in Austin to talk about immigration reform? ugh, Hi I'm Tyler (:, fake niggas stay fuckin up the plans, hiphop need me like uncle sam, NY Times Sun bus-CEO S. Archambeau- discusses how to adopt mentors without asking- leadership and "who's got the ball - take ownership, #mybad >> : Of course! #duh RT : The boy band? >> RT : Menudo sounds good right now, Artwork is being ransomed and being sold. Some artists are getting to sell thier artwork. Ain't it great?, Up late smkn, it was really bad. Why do networks televise the anthem still? It's always awkward., You homie hop and then expect some sympathy ? .. thats, Heading to WVSU at noon today to pass out fliers & invite students to Kingdom Life Fellowship Church, I'm busy bro dude, oh yea? Lol I would like to see you try, What was Hank Williams Jr thinking comparing Obama to Hitler? Obama should NEVER be disrespected like that!, Katy Perry/SnoopDogg to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl" Stay tuned 4 details, Walking down to Spaghetti Dinner! A little nervous to meet some parents for the first time!, Made it St. Simons Island safe and sound. Longest road trip we've ever taken as a family. Laughed for 700 miles., Ok im awake., What's a "raise?", rest easy aaron michael phat scott!, What hashtag are people using for General Conference?, Thanks you :}., " Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life." - John F. Kennedy, THAT FUGAZI ASS GUCCI BELT., How does that polar bear open that bottle of Coke???, Hey, #mw2012! I'm abt 2 graduate NYU with Masters in Visual Arts Administration & looking 4 a job. Anyone have an entry level job opening?!, You have Roast here in Detroit. There is room here in the Lions' bandwagon for you!, MT : Any last-minute teaching-related links for March Teaching Carnival ? Send them along, please (billiehara), you are welcome. I need you to come back to the DMV. I'm turning 40 in Sept and I need a Fab dress., Power is out for 3140 PGE customers in Hillsboro, stemming from a car accident. Driver had medical issue. Power expected back on by 12:30., I love how ESPN announcers just make up new first names for the Morrii when they get confused about which is which., RT : Great video shares survivor knowledge: "I am alive because..." youtu.be/ELRY_4yYimk, video cam shuffle! www.aaron.tv, I changed my name!, Last nights dinner at Paris Casino Eiffel Tower restaurant was fantastic the food excellent, my wife loved her birthday dinner, thumbs up!, CitiField looks amazing with the blue walls., Aren't they just the friendly skies? lol, Beverages will be flowing thanks to Stone Brewing Co., 12 Signs Wine, Honest Tea, Solar Rain, SOL Market, Craft & Commerce and DiningOutSD., like histrionics, but historical. e.g., "I tried to push him on the issue of listenership, but he just slipped into historics., Well, we have to get there between 8:30 - 9 am to sign up, then at 9, it's the warm-up stretch, and the walk is at 10., Shoutout to the beliebers who have been a belieber from the start but haven't seen Justin in person yet. I'M WITH YOU., Obesity figures are troubling. New trends need to be countered in some way., that's the pro-Houston spirit I can get behind. Best food city in Texas by a mile., RT : A picture may be worth a thousand words, but like the picture, it's the quality of the words that matters., Just landed in DC. Really looking forward to this weekend!, BREAKING NEWS: That particle is NOT faster than the speed of light. It just failed its drug test., imdb just taught me that Sean Connery turned down the role of Gandolf. I think LOTR dodged a bullet with that pass., wtf? He has not yet been charged? Sounds like a lot of inequality in Germany also!, how you been since you never hit me up no mo', Cant Wait!, whats a good resource if your just starting as a writer?, I won't. That's a little bit too weird. Even for me., Just woke upp...?, Thank God. Don't go crazy on me, yo., Yeah he sings really well, Going to Yum Center today for UL graduation. Congrats to my brother, I'll be watching you know i'll have eyes and ears all around your school, She's crafty and she's just my type:) another 80's star gone 2 soon:(, good luck tonight!!!! Do work!!!, HAHA!!!! I have conquered the six panel closet door...again. Bring it you heavy ass wood freaking door. BRING IT!!!, Cooking channel has great recipes for fun and easy dishes. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME the Neely show, when was the last time he did one,like last month right????, - i Guess . QT : take dat as ah yes, she brings a whole new meaning to the term "inflation", 2 and a half weeks then... Jamaica!!!, A quick #FF to my new coworkers at : Thx for all the guidance., RT : It's National Nurses Week. Nurses: THANK YOU for everything you do!, I can chug an entire drinking glass of vodka. It's my special talent. If I was in the Ms America pagaent... That's what I would do., Pen, Lipgloss, keys, Temple Run is on the Android Market now. :), oh my gosh. Maybe they know Brendan., Switching back and forth!! #AmericanIdol is on! You guys voting?!, Hey Bishop Michael - great to find you in here & hoping all is well with you!, Bumping BIG K.R.I.T.and Kendrick Lamar....mellow out my thoughts and mood for the day, Wisconsin THANKS YOU Ed! Solidarity!!, It's not updated daily, if you read the article it is a composite poll of their most recent data. Looking good so far, Former #Boston #Worst winner giving people lousy service. You mistreat employees & now lousy customer service, Happy #FF to some of my favorite local pubs:, #moolaboys RIP LOS HERO'S LIVE FOREVER, Thanks for following!, come inside with me;), O a birthday tweet I love it, Today is the biggest day of my life since the 06 Track Championships ...GoCats!, *tears* RT : #Vols legend Peyton Manning Set To Part Ways With Colts, What a G morning. Getting to it like its business hour., I wish the Heat would notice how many people are cheering for them, how much we want that championship title!, Our friends on the left would outlaw lotteries, if they could to "protect us"., True, error by Hoyers chosen one at short contributed, Padres swinging at too many 1st pitches, lack of clutch hits., yessir. I'm so down, I'm basically the post break up police. Mending broken hearts is a part of the job, Come and get your Tuesday Tips! Get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2 Liter of Soda for $13.99. It is impossible to walk away hungry!, PREACH!! i'd tap dat in a 2 sec, : It might be interesting to see some stats on who has appeared most number of times, who has appeared for 3-5-7 years in a row, etc., Starting the day with a little Wynonna Judd - "Testify to Love" :) Headed to church... teaching Sunday school. Love my kiddos., surf with alex because i cant sing hahha!, Let it go, man.. it's only a quarter., It hurts to smile :c, bo knows smart... Great book, agree, Q3: knowing the needs for the different ages/genders, birds keep shitting on my car UGH, I need to upgrade my dessert stomach. Needs more power., It takes all types of people to make up the world, it's not my place to impose my beliefs or opinions onto others., - Is it possible Mike Brown's running a bounty program? ; ), Frost advisory<<<, Upset about that anti-war rally yesterday. We were looking forward to beating down protesters. Next time "Raging Grannies", next time!, I think that I'm going to work on my art project for maybe an hour. Then I"m taking a nap so I will be ready for work tonight., Thanks for following. Welcome to Twitter!, Aloe Vera King., I love this overcast in Austin! Fall is here! I love October!, wasn't messing around tonight., Found an uncashed check in my bag. Hello, Screw you Clint Bowyer and while I am at it, you too David Reutimann!, Mattie!!! Glad to see you around the twitterverse! Thanks for following. Hope to see you in the WB area soon!, Happy Friday the 13th!, You're welcome!, . gonna miss you today buddy, but we'll get the win for you!, if he following him u just crushed him lol, He needs some ridalin and some sleeping medicine., I could retweet all day long, Feeling tired? Take time to stretch and relax (<5 min can do wonders!), Awesome panel discussion at #sxsw When Filmmakers meet Interactive - the Canadians have our butts kicked here. Multi-Platform storytelling, lawyers meet w/clients within the walls of police stations - which could be monitored easily via web interface w/out recording :(, o nice! i love chicago! im jealous lol, there are always new buildings to put up, admin staff to hire and beutification projects (anything except putting staff wages up!), Research suggests that older women who are tea drinkers are 60% less likely to develop rheumatoid arthritis than non drinkers., If you play WWE '12 online, just watch who you freeze…, your not. it's Katie. everybody gets on her nerves., This weekend was the best! #FormulaD was absolutely amazing @ Irwindale and must go next year. amazing job and good luck!, RT " : Not at all. Tarheels are not that funky." << Hilarious!!, “: Finished day one of #p90x” Long and hard road, but so worth it., weird my phone must be broken I didn't get any pics, February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you. #PrettyPlease :), SUPER CRISPY, My night was completely made by this!, When something good almost never happens., dude you're so adorablee :) and right back at chaa' ;*, In life a person can mess up so bad! And some one great will take that pressure and clean it up as if it was his .... S/o to obama and bill, RT : I hate that as much as I love the Sam Jackson one.//She irritates me to no end., Dang...life is crazy. I jus watched a vid of my fren Lee on my fone and I had to leave class cuz I started crying..., Amen, I was literally pulling my hair out!!, She look a lil too fishy for me, LOL !! That makes sense though., Watching Phat Jesus figure out a bassline from a random song on tv and killing it, Fired up on the Roundtable: SG&E ratepayers, Escondido Latino voters, mayoral candidates on education., RT : Mayor giving big props at annual meeting! New engineering school and more are huge assets., Against all odds the evil overlord Sarki has been vanquished by...the Fravengers!, marmot snowpants! Yours?, i absolutely hate mac miller, Hell yeah, no ambition at all., i wish there was a button i could click on Google Analytics to go check my new tracking code. Sadly there is no button, It's a hospital for the Broken <3, It won't be "World Peace" when I drop you with the 'bow. You deserve it after rhyming like yo Shaq taking throws. (Case is closed), Saw this, thought of RT I've figured it out. Rick Perry is the Charlie Brown of the Republican party., sweet I'll look into it, thanks!, I usually just block those., Zeus kisses are the my favorite kisses., Thanks for retweeting, Global Ozone Project - students around the world install ozone monitors and post results on Google Earth., oh, just kidding. the brakes on the other car are shitty so I can't take it-___- staying in my house all day then.., Sinatra, Phil Collins, and Jimmy Buffet, just heard, congrats! looks like it will be fun, After 2 years going now u wanna realize you've got testicals! All that Dick and no balls makeS that man a BITCH!, Sigh of relief as Brewers see ticket sales rebound. Would have been nice to be oblivious to this whole thing., “It would be rude not to eat her pie, which I assume is not only hot but also moist, although hopefully not flaky.” - Archer, Oh you wanna flip me off cuz you drifted into my lane and I didn't slow down?, Oil has become uncompetitive at low prices (excluding externalities), before it priced itself out with high prices -- Lovins, . - Look forward to stopping in tonight for 's father's BDay! menu looks awesome!, We're gleeking out, too, that Chris Colfer will be at #ala12 :), oh hush que, Do you think my landlord will be amused if I write APRIL FOOLS on my rent check instead of a dollar amount?, hahaha take your time there's a killer on the loose, manages technology services for a campus of 30K students, yet was flummoxed by a hotel room coffee maker., Janelle represents all of the reasons why I got into the business to now work for a major label. We need more authentic artists- support it!, This SYFY pos makes 2010 Moby Dick look like Gone With The Wind., Can't wait! RT : Happy March! Glad to be one month closer to Reunions 2013. We've got something up our sleeves for this..., u want b dissapointed, Lol Im Done, ugh I know right!!! So frustrating -- I woke up at 11:30 and was like what the hell... Already?!, yes haha I think I'll be there sometime next week :), Dear MTV, I was wondering if I could get my "M" back...ya know, since you're not really using it. Sincerely, _usic, great article! Thanks for sharing., Seriously all PR and social media crap aside, this is the best cast ever., catching up with the REAL HOUSEWIVES of ATLANTA.. kaliah and i just got the "DAILY CALL" lol neva fails, Telling your friend your fighting with off and all they can say is "Ok", cause they know your right., Great job Indianapolis. The Super Bowl Host Committee did a fantastic job!, I almost wish it was simple my doctor doesn't know what's wrong with me so I have to see a whole list of others to find out., "Progress is made when your desired result becomes a second nature activity to perform", I'm about to go to sleep., Aww thanks for the pic! RT you're such a cutie patootie!, Happy Happy Weekend!, That txt >__<, Repair crew heads down to corridor 2 to try repairs. For now at least, we have ourselves a bright, shiny ship., Give urself the gift of good health. Plan time to exercise and make it a priority. Eating a healthy diet is key! Think lifestyle change., i keep tweetin but my tweets aint moving, only real men watch Jessie, right? Haha ;), Bottles models studio weed, As always, call your congresspersons (don't email, call!) to tell them not to limit research access you've paid for., It makes up for the Belmont picks. WTF was I thinking., I'm sure cupcakes would have helpd too., The biggest lie I tell myself is "I don't need to write that down, I'll remember it.", I thought Landins next debut would be as an offensive lineman somewhere., tell me about it! I still have to voice & been taking it too along with mass amounts of cough drops. All for the love of #DCU :-), Let's Go Blues! Let's Go Blues! Let's Go Blues!, just found a ton of expired ink cartridges from Pike's HP days.. can we recycle??, But it's good you worked. For, you know, the pay and stuff. (O_O)-b, I like my bridge better., thanks for follwoing all you auction businesses...we all have the same frame of mind. , ,, If you like fun then RT, seriously true-the FD didn't want us staying here., thx, I work with ! Just moved to SF from San Antonio :), I dont smoke the bud unless it comes from Cali, It's hard to write for women., According to the Tulsa World, freshman Wes Lunt is the new Oklahoma State QB. Interesting decision by Gundy, but not surprising., What is the next holiday you are looking forward to?, I still wouldn't know what to say lol I'll text you one tmrw . I need a topic though, got me hooked on turnpike troubadours. Good stuff, party like a rocker my niggas wilder then flocka, Excellent. My wife's from DC & I've always enjoyed visiting. Not sure how long I'll be in Austin but enjoying it while it lasts., shit, everybody at they crib. wbu?, Toastmasters will be at the Reservoir Hill Improvement Council Meeting tonight starting at 6:30pm. Send a PM and get RSVP info..., investigates field sobriety tests -- how accurate are they? See a preview of our I-Team 10 investigation on News10NBC at 6:30., Thanks for the mention. We're giddy to be here!, Christians will live as travel agents or tour guides. The 1st tells others but never experiences. The 2nd leads others where they have been., "Online subs grew 29 percent to 267,000 and registered users were up 33 percent to more than 4 million." continues to..., I saw some scum bag grab a bottle of water out of a garbage can and pour it all over his body and the water was brown!, Tired of trying to get to follow me..., sh-sh-sh-sh-sugar honey iced tea, prettiest one that I see, lil mama icee's, they say she a #pisces, i heard they are feistyy, For enterntainment last night I brought my dehumidifier into the same room as my humidifier and let them fight it out., Well I try not to but if I get offered I probably won't say no haha., So this "Homeless guy" that sits by my job everyday and beg is on the bus next to me on his iphone. I dont even have dam iphone., In case you were thinking of putting a plastic shower curtain in the dryer to see if it melts, I'll spare you the trouble. Yes, it will., Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow, 5 triple-doubles? Rondo's the best PG in the league. Hands down., Q: Why did #MickeyMouse take a trip into space? A: He wanted to find, There should have been a tribute for Amy Winehouse., Almost Friday. #good shit, great blog, didn't know you had one. keep me posted on new entries., They're loco en la cabeza, as no Spanish-speaking person says., “: I should just go to sleep!” you going tomorrow? Get some rest!, what did u do?, While you have your calendars handy, mark the last week of April 2013 for our next Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!, no we're sorry, we open for lunch during the summer and then only serve dinner during the winter, i love my boyfriend <3, Sounds like my kinda man., well think of something or someone else., Aww, no! Did you smash stuff? Did you get smashed? Is that how you got killed?, Why do people wear plastic flip flops ?, “If it is to be, it is up to me.” ~Wordsworth, a hit me up man tryna have a party on friday, haha everyone needs a brain break from people every now and then!, he taking long man, RT : A freeze warning is in effect for portions of west central Wisconsin late tonight and early Thursday morning., Mentions going Uggh ., The Real Talk discussion with mover and shaker, Beverly Thomas is starting now at GWUL!, #MyBiggestFlaw my tummy :c, Wave will start 2nd half with powerplay for first :33, I had a blast tonight at #redkiva with thank you, Watching #TheVoice and it's actually pretty good :), Hello sunshine! Look forward to seeing everyone tonight at the TFOS Dinner!, wow, that is something! Winter here in Chicago has not been colder than 30. March will be interesting., I never knew that the #UtahJazz had green uniforms., There's an all-male Tom Petty cover band called American Girls. Not as good but similar idea?, Complaints about We Care Oregon / Intl? Contact ORDOJ. They have an open file on Randall Carl. More complaints coming in., Those two runs we walked ed in are pretty big right now. This is slipping away quickly for our Rangers, Had a great day with friends, family and loved ones....ready for bed now! Night Night! XO, I'm still trying to process what the heck just happened on AGT..., Got talked to about my dress ay work today., My dream was that mau was in jail so i went to visit him&i brought him a teddy bear and he gave me a hug but, thought you were going back to sleep? LOL, Did you tweet delete all day?, you won't regret it! Enjoy :), You leave her 4 someone else,then someone else leaves YOU for somebody else!, i was hoping for retail so i could explore fit - madison, wi, Hmm....a glass of wine don't sound bad, You win the prize for best ironic retweet of the day. Soak it up., Time to watch some #fullmetaljousting on #Hulu. My inner geek screams in joy whenever I watch this show. But never outloud I swear..., Bounce on Saturday = Crazy! & what do you think?, <U+200E>17-0. Rex Ryan, what's wrong? You looked a little defeeted there., I never laugh so hard as when my dad and my uncle are together, Studio tomorrow, time to start recording for the full length :) check out the EP here! www.soundcloud.com/Iamforyou, I adore you mom!with you i'm becoming better in my life and stronger!you are all what a daughter would ask and need!i ¦ you..., PB went as well, i think. Hope they don't ask me to return 10 yrs of salary!, “: So any 1 that wants a follow jus tweet me and ill follow as many as I can , x” HOLLA AT A GIRL.~, As part of #TeamFire we would love to thank each & everyone that has been a support to the backbone of our projects! Making it #Epic!, ....Otherwise I unfortunately will have to settle and find a job at McDonald's, let my knowledge go down the drain by flipping burgers. :(, YES! How lame is that?, no cover at Sports ALL SUMMER? goodbye world., Soulja Boy still exists! #shocking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>, No system is perfect....., Thanks. :) I miss you all, too. I hear Katie is starting next month - a lot of excitement at CB&A!, A pee, pooping, sleeping, eating machine. that is my dog, Yup! That is Portland for ya!, The U.S. is the only country that has, since 1985, had a healthy population increase, giving us a very positive outlook for our future!, oh Jason, you so smart(:, I wish the #nbaconferencefinals has extended series =[, Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes., yes it is., shirts off, Spinning tonight at Big nose Kate's from 12 -3 21+ only, hahahaha she crazy, miss sass pants!, Yep. It's a Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons kinda day! Just in time for Mother's Day. I miss ya, mom! <3, If you are watching BostonMarthon run into the closest Shaw's of Whole Foods Market / buy two Gleukos / give one away /, did you just discover that it was gone?, #NP Right & Wrong - Mario .... This song is the ish!, Today is #WorldMalariaDay. Have you seen a video, an ad or a campaign that tells a compelling story? Send it on & we'll RT our favorites!, Took time, but last night when I created FB event, went through all FB friends. Invited about 1/3. None will say wtf, hey jewels watching Hansbrough and Indiana Right now babe :-) Xoxo, good. Cause I wanted to like go over to her house. Then we could walk to your house and hopefully meet Ethan. c:, Square dancing to techo with at his family reunion!, I feel like I'll never acheive my goal of being a 90's computer hacker., Cause they haven't a clue of your vast accomplishments. You are an inspiration to many., Double sigh, then. I don't really think I will survive one more day. My calendar tried to kill me. I may be fatally wounded., Hey! It's Cyber Monday! A great day to order a deck of GOLPH cards...you'll love to play the game and your family and friends will, too!, (a) You should get what you order, (b) overcooking meat makes me cry, what a waste!, great call! I will have to dig that one out of the library!, And g'nite!, you're silly, I've always loved lady gaga's constant commitment to be different..however that was extremely odd! Sometimes normal is good, Watching Doom Runners with Viggle Wed | 10PM | MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV., Eat dat pussy like some cold pizza!!, i have an upgrade but i still need to pay 200 dollars and an extra 100 dollars for 2 year insurance, Likewise. RT : +1 RT : You know, I may be in the minority here, but I LOVE IndyCar 2012. It feels like a SPORT., #ITSABOUTTIME you stop chasing after someone elses man or girl, In oder to be successful in life you must first let go of the past.....tell yourself "I am the boss of my life", i'm big time now. didn't you know?, Hopes at least one Republican presidential debate is held outdoors on a windy day., Embrace the vino RT : I spilled wine on my laptop. Now the delete key sticks. So I find myself more accepting of whatever I..., yep, we are with you on that., i have an addiction to collecting plastic fast food utensils.. never know when you'll need a spork, Thnx--hope they keep their promise!, Aye what's up how you doin I miss you, Sorry wish i knew. just know the first 4 weeks. no teams, Lunch with TED is today! Will we see you at the space today?, i thought alleigh was helping you too, Interesting Fact: 15% of #paralympians are veterans. Fought for country, now compete for country. Very cool., ON A PARTY BOAT ON THE HUDSON RIVER! :D, Home at a decent hour (considering) and not reeking of smoke makes me happy., I really want Jack White's new album. Ugh, what a great night, thanks to all who came and supported! both gigs were a great time., Kids these days!! SMDH!, im gonna be in troy this week. and i will be blasting every chance i can., My room is SO MESSY!, give me your thoughts on how well #Pandora is doing since their, I approve!! Only lazy hipster bands still use MySpace, Community currency - a possible solution?, #NeverShouldYouEver think its cool to smoke weed and drink alcohol they mess up your life, When you look at me, you make my heart skip a beat<3, car it is... Henry Ford reference, My English professor was introduced to the phrase "totes jelly" in class and is now using it consistently., again I am really really really truly sorry., hahaha so am I. No one would be able to compare., So tired. It was a big day. Looking forward to finishing off the Spring 2012 semester tomorrow!, Want the Youtube link? <3, I don't go nuts for Untappd badges. The app benefits me in terms of letting readers know what I'm drinking and my thoughts on a, Check out the new St. Valentines day Massacre course, your sexy ass is going to be on my tv., Caffeine in the morning, Sleep aide at night. Must stop the madness!, Vintage Tiger., Morning. :D This is the earliest I've ever been awake this entire summer., 14. And we won't mention how old I am now. Let's just say I've been training awhile., it's the Shepards Pie hyun!, Just got off work, Movie Review: The Raven Crows With Brooding Intrigue, but Is Ultimately a Bore Review in a Hurry: Nevermore? Try never mind. The Raven, No problem! Thanks, man!, make it a game, Haha, no. But HEY are we still on for Sunday brunch?? Where are we gonna go!, Hey! Do any of you have a good camera, and want to help us this weekend get a pic in a national cookbook??, Lunch & book, thanks for the follow back bro! You can check out our latest jam "Carnival" on our Facebook! Find us! Like us!, While sales pitches through a general inquiry form rarely work, I have a soft spot for them recalling the days when I thought they might., Somehow can't remember after the wine wore off. Isn't that always the way., Great Article!, Chillin wit my baby girl fina watch da game, are you there Robby? It's me, god, #BigTimeRush is coming to Nashville this weekend. Woot-woot!, Just got an email about a woman running a write-in campaign for Allegheny Co. Exec. Makes compelling arguments compared to the other 2 guys., Maybe I shouldn't have checked the weather on the computer before I went out. Currently 3 degrees. WTF?, “: Alabama and thanks I can take you up on that BTW your very beautiful”thx and it's a bet, Great! Glad to hear you are enjoying it!, Just had guac what a treat! We kept watching them make it so we can duplicate it at home!, I am willing to host Wrestlemania, cook steaks and have a fridge full of beer and booze. Fyi, Indeed. It's a big year for us!, #POW lol RT #Sagittarius signs are nice until their not... And when their not you need to get out of their way., You and I will get along just fine RT : If I see Rick Scott on my TV one more time, I swear to god..., Brands are not created; they are co-created - Brian Solise, 2012 film watching! #54. 21 Jump Street (Lord, Miller, 2012). Great comedy, i loved it. Great chemistry between Tatum and Hill., Thanks! Hoping to order within the next week or so - think they can help me out if I ask at the store now?, can you walk me somewhere , Margret Oxthodox . beauty store, I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down. That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things., "Be Calm" kept me sane during a tough time so I am forever grateful for them and their music. and I'm a Nate stan..., i hope follows me she is so beautiful and so talented :), Is it just coincidence or does using a prismere lock pick in Kingdoms of Amalur always ensure a unique item appears in the chest?, I want bubble tea!!!! you got me hooked!, #packernation R U ready for some football!!!!!!!!!, he has such a perfect body for a guy uh yum c;, who thinks we should do a live chat soon?, How bout them cowboys, Morning Rockstars! > Life, in all ranks and situations, is an outward occupation, an actual and active work. - W. Humboldt, School Tomorrow Spring Break is over :(, putting together the design for a new tattoo I'll be getting soon, Cousin <3 what's going on?): text me., Fast Five.. muscle men n fast cars mi gusta, you go girl! #Miami2012 :D Like our Facebook page!, yea they are I love watching both of them play but when they play eachother I root for the Thunder., Would anyone like a review? I do all kinds. Let me know:, Its gonna start raining any second. If i get rained on...im punching my dad., Prepping for 1/9 show: Padlrom Collins, former Buddhist nun now helps couples rebuild trust & intimacy following sexual addiction., the most shocking part of the story...he likes Celine Dion! That makes this whole thing very suspect. CelineDionGate!, Men With Hats, koolin just got off!!, Rob Ryan should be the head coach, I can only assume this is a late April Fool's joke........, how can tay and I give you guys money to get some tanks! Lemme know! You guys come play in Nashville !!!, We're playing our Christmas song tonight with Sons of Great Dane at The Brick!, You're welcome. Have a great week!, Thank u, This jack and coke is exactly what I need to bring me down from my caffiene high., sorry i did a l8 response ..but im from Miami (:, Hi hi, I have an original of that issue, along with a 1958 Jet cover., one of my grad students is about to lecture on Reconstruction. Go get 'em Matt!, Grrrr.... give the geriatric the respect shes due!!!, Just got to show my colleague who , & are on the #ereexpo stream. She says "Hey" guys!, bahahah I'm weak....u always got fb drama goin on tho, Game 7 snitches! Let's go, Ooooohhhhhhhhh he said she ain't got NO NIPPLES!!!!!!!!!, the gun range targets is sad, the guy was unapologetic in making $$$ from this travesty, Friday morning crew. Did somebody say body shots? (cc: ), Our last concert will be June 4th! Come join us! www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com, WIN A TRIP TO HAWAII. win cash + an ipod loaded with the complete Frankie's jukebox. big winners last night. grand prize drawing december 3, Hi New York, Hi Seth-#Stefon is sad for #Japan, it's like our little Asian New York. I didn't tweet yesterday because...too sad., how many fouls we got to give?, Anyone know where I can get a copy of CharDee MacDennis? Looks like an amazing board game., Already a busy day for me answering emails, calls and writing a letter to one of my artist attorneys. My favorite saying like a boss!, birthday cards are so cheesy!, Don't know what to wear, The Creation Museum is terrifying., You two will win!!!!!, just got a table..take her to a park, make her run a mile then have a tea party with chamomile tea. she'll be out like a light :p, Sorry to hear that, Adam. Please email our Sales Manager, Dennis, at , to review and clarify., this has been a great ass day wth an unhappy ending !, Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Blueberry and Raspberry Pancake Topping 4.73 / 5 Stars | 37 Reviews by thr33things "Blueberries and raspberries, I have 5 teams left in the, Pacers win?! Weird., i think "correspondence" dinner would be fun. Everyone would communicate by passing notes, Bruce Banner to me = unf, excellent point. as long as their api and data are valuable, users (slightly) decrease in importance, I just watched it and loved every minute! I might have to download the album. 'Tis the season. Miss you!, But yes, let's talk Dojo! Want to roll out plans to get it going-- maybe we can come up w/ a skeleton plan :), Authors biggest factor in making agile publishing model work, I played it once. =( We do need a sleepover!, We will be updating everyone on Game Workshops paint changes next week when we get the correct information about it! We can't wait!, I'm on my phone I couldn't!, damn you're so hardcore. ;), Opening Night of Agatha Christie's "Witness for the Prosecution". Good luck to cast, crew & director Eddie Page, thank you! "What a beautiful store! Probably the best #ecommerce furniture store we've ever seen.", How was TLC? Will get Royal Rumble as this moment?, Thanks to Twin Anchors Restaurant in Chicago IL for generously donating to The Walk For Autism!, ok i need to know what is the song valarie that was used in glee from, thanks girl <3, ESPN speculates he will he fired if they lose tonight. That's what Magic Johnson said as well. He's a goner if they lose., goodnight world, I want to watch that! RT Can't wait for that new Fox show "So You Think You Can Swim.", mm m delicious!, poor, poor, poor guy!!, Glad my PT was still coming out here. A little old asian lady in her 70's @ least. Everytime I run past she goes RUN! GO, RUN! Shes awesome!, Ready for another amazing night w/ to see my all time faves at <3 <3, Well hello Susan...how are you?, New Haven, Connecticut: uhh..., It was great! Im back home now but going BACK out there in a couple of weeks!, Ah, much fun was had at show tonight at the Fine Line. EXACTLY what I needed right now. Ears still ringing., I'm so curious! Do you feel comfortable enough to be specific?, This sucks so much, I wouldn't mind if u was bi lol that would be little hot, Understood. Sometimes, I just don't like how impersonal twitter feels. Like, how many one-liners can people come up with?, legends bro :), If my music video made you laugh retweet it! I love you guys! Http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2U_Nm0nOTro, Jealous.. I should have gone to the Beach too :(, We are looking for someone who can help us speak about Stained Glass Hearts to a large audience. Who can help us spread the word?, RT : how nice is it to skip seventh period :'), We're open til 6pm today. Stop by for a colorful way to end your workday! Affordable, contemporary art at 9th & NY Ave., Shout out to my wife Rhonda on this teacher appreciation day!, cut or uncut? RT : I sucked Mickey Mouse's dick for a year., show off, slept with Suggie last night! (wow, does he get up EARLY, like 4:45 a.m.!!!), Mailed my COBRA check... y'ouch...! (two month's worth in arrears...!), Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things only hoped for., DEAR EVELYN FROM #basketballwives U R WHACK ASS SHIT FOR GETTING ON TOP OF THAT TABLE TO FIGHT.... GROW THE FUCK UP..., Even in the terrors of the night, there is a tendency toward grace that does not fail us. - Robert Goolrick, Thanks!! That's fabulous. Such an important & timely topic, every cent counts ;), ONE MORE PERIOD., Was in court for sentencing of so-called Xbox sex abuser - Kretovich - but adjourned til next week. DA and atty discussing proper sentence.., Check out A1skateboards.com, they have amazing skateboards and clothing., She and her boyfriend were gonna get married....... He's torn..., yeaah.. i'm really freaked out now. xD now, i'm scared to face them. 'cos i'm a terrible singer., Busy day today, as I'll be helping celebrate his birthday then go to JWF for #timbersu23 match later. Plus, it's sunny outside!, Presenting today on #wabashcollege rhetoric dept's revised public speaking course focusing on rhetoric, engagement & the, yes they do :), Merry Merry Christmas ...love. Erika, off for brisket and knish, I like it cause its true. #MittsUnfit RT: : I like it as a meme., haha we have albums of just you and rasha, DID YOU KNOW?! "Caterpillars have over 2,000 muscles!" Soy strong! YOU'RE WELCOME, Bring me a plate, Get autographs while you still can - on PBR cans preferably., follow my instagram and i follow back yayaya, no matter how good a friend is they're going to hurt you every once in awhile and you must forgive them for that, just because im freaking out on you doesnt mean youre the one im actually mad at ., yea get on my level mf lol, it's ok :( Jk an I'm just playin, Alan Carr Chatty Man why is he trending? ARE THE BOYS ON AGAIN, Hope everyone has a Happy Easter, and we look forward to seeing everyone at next Friday's Open House Party!, Lakers ain't playing no defense!, Happy Mother's Day to the best Mom in the entire world. :) I love you Mommy!, Ingredient Street's on foodbuzz now:), A parking ticket, a receipt, a label, anything that will tie down a particular date in our history is valuable to me. Sam., cause you said & I quote "You Can See My Cookie?" lol caught yo ass, #LeBron #Durant #Wade can we drop the stupid geeky looking black glasses look? k thanks, warm out o' the oven bread sounding pretty good, i'm probably not gonna get any numbers. lol, Checking out the found footage flick Area 407., Are you a light switch? Cause no...no...you're a person sorry i can't find the damn light switch..., Lots of talk. I'm not sure how I feel about that, Ace of Spades from HUB in Portland is an incredible Double IPA. 9.2 ABV with 100 IBU and is smooth., Hm. What's for dinner?, And he's not even texting me back, Totally a tangled web of thoughts on my part! Haha, Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got. Jim Rohn, omg I just remember we have a history test tomorrow!, I like your use of the word obtuse, Since we gulped down the mint iced tea in no time, we get to try another: iced tea brewed with fresh lemon verbena - faux Arnold Palmer!, Yay! Murder by numbers with my sexy Ryan Gosling :-), that's why you beat your kids with a belt, BEAT YOUR KIDS, OLD BLIBICAL STYLE BABY, YEAH!!, When they make a bullet they never think about where it will end up. Good quote but I still go shooting everyday., i'll be over in 10 minutes, Ouch on that last retweet. Twitter sure knows how to get me angry :/, Facebook Groups --> Pages --> Fans --> Recommend --> Like --> Follow Anyone else confused?, ewwwww. Deep fried bagel? Really?, Whoops - Bad call RT : Lob City should have focused on being Defense City, Memphis put on a clinic!, inbox ready, hopefully not stuck in your spam folder! J, pls follow me back :(, Today is a very special day, as we say goodbye to our longest tenured Theatre Genius, Molly. better treat her right., one hopes!, He was being so crazy it freaked me out. He was the driver! Not cool. I even took down his name and can number. Haha., hahaha so were you late to whatever you were doing? lol, so..he totally forgot the bears again. -.-, How's Germany?, omfg i didnt know i followed him! thx for tellin me :) haters need lives, Answer: "I woke up on the floor surrounded by Taco Bell wrappers and porn playing on loop." Question: "How drunk did you get last night?", Did abunch of splits... I hurt now :/, i understand that ur busy and everything, but i would be the most excited girl in the world if you noticed me at all!, What's your gamertag?, If a double dip recession is so bad, why did they make it sound so delicious?, "Jazz is a music made by and for people who have chosen to feel good in spite of conditions." ~Johnny Griffin, My from retweeted me. I can sleep peacefully now as if I won Mega Millions., Thank you for the retweet we really appreciate it! :o), Feel like a really big hypocrite., Did anyone get "borked" by Google's algorithm changes?, ill try hahahah, But I digress..., Let's go !, #notguilty a terrible injustice has been done today. Truly sickened by this result, -- I like your vibe tonight... :), Another wonderful day is upon us! Plan on hitting the gym hard today & packing my bags, anticipating a rocking weekend! Happiness is me!!!, I’ve passed your thoughts along to Zeno, Very convenient since his fictional creation is in my brain!, #1DayTillBoyfriendVideo Justin Will Alwayn Be Our Hero Beliebers rule twitter!Others need to learn to live with that!, I see... Ukraine? Business trips or for holidays? :-), oh how your finds make me smile! #justsayin', Late with this because I haven't been on facebook all weekend but thank you all for the birthday wishes and especialy to those who came out!, "Seeing is believing so you better change your specs.", Tuesday is normally "Taco Tuesday," but today it's also "Fat Tuesday" so why not just call it "Fat Taco Tuesday?!", I missed you! I'll see you on Wed too! ": great seeing u in class! I missed ur energy! X0", It takes great love and courage to excavate buried dreams. ~ Sarah Ban Breathnach, TY for following us !! Have a super Monday!, hey austin, Why is it always so god awful HOT on the bus?!, OBAMA's GSA and SECRET SERVICE jobs are MOST DESIRED among men aged 13 through 85 : ), Vancouver, BC?, hey that's me in the white car!, - Nice to have you on board Maggie!, You notice what I drink, and not the thirst I feel. - Spanish Proverb, I am hearing in committee from those who will be directly impacted. And these are people who are working, but still need a helping hand., Oh god here we go overtime or a bulls win. I don't like this situation., Do you really need to ask? If not blackout level then at least offend the hostess level., Thanks for the great link. I shared it with all my friends., A magic 8-ball? Seriously?, Google Doodle Pays Homage to Artist Keith Haring, Remote Conductor is currently featured in the "What's Hot" section of the Utilities category on the US iTunes App Store!, And don't miss the Feb 28 release of Imaginaries by Quetzal, part of the / Tradiciones/Traditions series partnership!, SO looking forward to the long weekend!! Have lots of stuff planned, and can't wait!!! You all be careful, and have a FABULOUS labor..., I don't know about that but you are welcome. I thought the comments after the article were most interesting., There's a big difference between a mass demonstration and a riot. . . And at least there were ballots to recount. ., I must be Twitter bipolar. Either I tweet 4+ times/day or not for 4 whole days., Mysteries of NYC #2306: Who buys all those flowers at UWS and UES bodegas?, The world is wierd in some kind of way when you want somethin that somethin neve hapens but u get to be close to it my wish meet VictoriaJ!, Looking forward to meeting at Chi Chocolat!, Omg It Is Gonna Be So Weird Seeing without braces., what the,, Unfortunately, yes. We'll let you know when the next one gets scheduled. Had you registered?, was not happy to leave Montrose. He had too much fun with Murphy., Hate feeling like I have only one choice n career cuz of finances. Life blows., what's the link for us finalists..?, um, no. Any other options?, Even after a bad harvest there must be sowing. ~ Seneca, Is Axe Body Spray doing some big push around New Orleans? Because every guy that runs by hits me with another odor from their spring line., probably! Guess I just wasn't expecting it..., So, the fiction finalists were Swamplandia, DFW's uncompleted manuscript, and a Denis Johnson novella that was originally published in 2002., Good Morning ;) Time to work, Lmao 1 thing I'll never miss about the South: The stench of a girls breath w/ multiple gold/capped teeth on a hot Summer's Day, Nice! Where did you find a pink foam roller?, Safe travels to all those headed to #alamw12. See you in Anaheim., #IfTheWorldEndsonSaturday how are we suppose to watch guess star on Good Luck Charlie that will be airing PROBABLY next week., He can't rehab all the time..., just bought a bunch of old songs on itunes... #remindsmeofmychildhood #almostallgrownup! :), Yay!!!! A lil tip go far.. :D Glad you did Good!!, Superbowl Sunday..... friends, family, food and frothy beer. Good frackin beer! Have fun and be safe tweeps!, The important thing was to love rather than to be loved. ~by W. Somerset Maugham, <3 (: gonna lay in bed texting peeps.. <3 (: n uploading pics from mahh' phone(:.. ;), Wind central! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>, Celtics ! Huge win on the road ! Rondo they had your back , now play smart and win baby, I hear has elected a new board: Congrats to , , Alex! Also, and ! (-:, you can't be serious, with cal here what jersey will ever get retired and for what reason?, Yay!! I just got a new commercial, details to follow........, HOMIE!!! DO YOU LIKE MY SHIZ OR NOT?? IF NOT THAT'S ALL GOOD, NO WORRIES, Yeah, its gonna be some time in September. I was hoping we could hang if I finally make it to the LA vicinity. lol, This game reminds me of the Mia- Dallas series, Still feeling the sting of last night's lost, Does anyone know what typeface was used on the old Magikist lips signs?, Bout To Pass Out Finna Go To Bed!!!!!!!!!, Happy May Day, tweeters, Miami!!! Hosting a great show this Friday w/ Carl Rimi & Msg me to get on the guest list. Mexican Wolverine over n out :-{ \\\, Wife & I got your invitation, can't wait to go home and grub on some Harold's Chicken, oh yeah, congrad U lations, Keep supporting :) they are working hard on new music!, Glass Candy tickets are now available at both locations! Only $11, cash only. These are limited folks, get 'em and get 'em soon!, Smh you was thirsty to be a crybaby smh, Related to that last tweet: library budget cuts during the same period in the same county. Grumble grumble., loves middle eastern food, Immigration law class ended early..Thank god! Beautiful night in NYC., So cute!!!, All because of you. Love you., congrats again, Boo Boo and Tom! Nothing but the best for you both. Loveandkisses, Dad., 1 week and you'll have one! :), Turned on Derby and said "I vote for purple" not knowing names/info/stats/etc. And purple won. Clearly I'm psychic., thank you!, With the opening of The Smith Center, dinner is getting really busy. Make sure you make a reservation before coming in. 702.270.4400., Did I miss the Warrant tribute and any mention of Jani Lane? Seems like they left him out of the Memorium segment., i like to cover my webcam with my thumb and click through chat roulette because i don't actually want to talk to anybody., katy perry is awesome!!, The special burger with beets, pickles, goat cheese & bacon is EXCELLENT. Please keep coming to Chestnut Hill., what's that? :/, Im bout to go check it :), These modafockas are taking forever a nigga hungry and wants to go to the library #APGOV manana, I'm a lame<U+E42B>, going thru hell to take care of my daughter and give her the best life I can?!?!, RT ": Pain makes people change but it also makes them stronger.”, hopefully the same person off stage as on., We'll be going live with an Huckster Propaganda from the mayor's race in a moment., I agree sir! They looked good last night!, the fake celebrities, the relationship advice, the sarcastic willy wonkas. its fuckin awful, I still want to go to SXSWi once even though everybody is starting to jump off bandwagon., You're home already? Miss you already! You got me thinking yesterday on the bus. KEEP ME POSTED., Our Fishing Rod Racks make great gifts!, How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?, anticipating an awesome move of God this week in our Campmeeting services with Donnie Swaggart, Looking forward to attending #Strata conference in NYC today and tomorrow. Keynote #opendata talk by this morning., You were never on a hardwood , you just make people sleep there, seriously - it was appalling. Even Billy Dyer would have been disgusted., Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn ;), #know12 Traditional approaches now dying: roadmaps that depend on extending monolithic investments (SAP, Oracle, etc.), Saw the sunrise for the first time!, walmart... again lmfao, yup! Sorry gotta go get ready for Junior Prom! :D, Yes U have too NOww!!! :)...Go fishing and record a Vid and send it to me on twitter I wnt to see Ur skillzzz, 100:1 odds my dad ever touched a stroller RT : Father of the year nom to dude pushing his little girl in stroller with cig in hand., Gonna be at Basic right?, Had a great shoot with Jim Mendrinos out on the piers. Will post clip when it's done., When did cigars become good for you?!!, #ParksandRec! I generally like the Thursday lineup, but that's the best. I also really like, at the same tho you just speak on yo opinion and i like that from you i think yall need to interview ja when he get out, Thank you! We still vacation in the Ft Myers area, but I don't miss those FL summers., never thought the zombie genre would make me cry., I think he's a Hstn Select 2001 alum. I wonder what his best 2 david salinas stories are?, Germantown police investigating body found in pond, Working with 2 amazingly photogenic actresses today...getting some great shots!!, ...Yes? Question mark?, ItwasandIsaidnotwhat. Punctuate that!, you talking about the ps trey ? or .... ?, A champagne supernova in the sky.., If you're going through hell, keep going. -- Winston Churchhill, Ortiz deserved that after head butting Mayweather. Ortiz touched cloves and wasn't ready his fault!!!!, Wave 3 point goal scored by Josh Rife, unassisted. The Wave lead the Blast 14-2 with 2 minutes left., Great overview by of systematic biases in literary & historical data used in Network Analysis., what people are getting at is leave TNA as soon as you can and go on a farewell tour with WWE, I feel like Wood's 'leadership' can hurt the team..too many trying to be like him and can't. too many go for ball and miss, first come first served, especially since he wontlook at this for 2 more hours, Have you seen that movie suck about vampires? I like it., Today a walk during my break to get some energy., Slept on my neck wrong lst night. Woke up, thought about just working frm home. How would I input that into timesheets: DNP - OLD? #duncan'd, Missed my yesterday.-_- GLAD THEY BEAT THE HEAT! That's my team right there, i was literally listening to the HSM soundtracks the other day and i teared up a bit haha, Most recent video on feed is period 4. Panic setting in. Must see at, valentine shopping saturday - i am going to the brighton store!, NBA championships as season ticketholders do.., I feel pretty lucky in that way. With Jeff Tweedy at top of that list., Who's going to the Internet Marketing Party tonight in downtown San Diego? I'll be there! Let's connect tonight!, RT : The worst way to miss someone is when they are right beside you and yet you know you can never have them., follow back!!!, RT Lots of present and former #JOUR1550 students represented at #muawards!, I spent several hours today trying to digest all that you've written on custom post types. Head spinning - but good stuff man!, oh i see what you mean, should have said, " thinks it will go up", And by the way, #IDleg, Lincoln didn't make friends of his enemies. Some folks in the South remain pretty steamed..., “: Your dream will visit the valley from time to time that's where visionaries get their greatest revelation.”, 49 k views!! That's like 8k views yesterday...almost to 50 k. Tell your friends to watch "down" on YouTube!, Are you in Foxboro?, thanks for tweeting about this originally, ted!, Why do people always think my name is Rachel? lol, Hmm...80 degrees tomorrow. Wonder how the client will react if I show up in shorts? Probably not wise to find out., Wow, cool Stephen. Never visit me anymore :(, hehehh it was funny though ,plus i thought you hated them!, RT : Good (but maybe unenforceable) guideline for kids & screentime: Spend twice as much time creating as consuming, hahahah o wow!!, British Members of Parliament call for closure of Romney's Cayman Island tax haven., Congrats! Good luck :) Looking forward to seeing it., So serenade her with your last pathetic suicide love song., would rocket ever play private parties?, Featured Librarian: Anne Davis, Anthropology and Archaeology Librarian - Anne can help you really dig in to your research..., Sleepy as all outdoors, any chance you'd be willing to take on #Syria and #Israel+Palestine next? ;-), Thanks, Noel - you're a doll, as always. Hi, - nice to meet you. ;), Loved the objects. Didn't quite get the "story" of the exhibit. Concerned about the mounts for some African items & others., ugh this week better go by fast, Apparently students at uwf are diehard halloween fans x.o just on the way to class I saw a pirate, darth vader, and jigsaw., My pleasure! RT Thx for the RT | Newsletter: Solutions for Working Moms - Back-to-School Survival Tips conta.cc/pBknGX, I can't help to say I am addicted to petinaed leather. Yap my first real addiction and will be sharing my addiction one creation at a time, Oh my goshh.. I swear I be breaking curfews when I talk to you lol, hah, yeah I guess. I like the rain though. but yeah thanks, I plan on stayin' up like the moon. ;), where is the like button on these twitters?, "One feels inclined to say that the intention that man should be 'happy'' is not included in the plan of ''Creation.''' - Sigmund Freud, PACKED HOUSE!, not the, You need to be well hydrated before you even start your run. If you start partially dehydrated, it only gets worse from there., My favorite! Slide for the extra yard!, Tearing me apart but you dont see, I agree, that guy is a nut!, Welcome to #cnndialogues We are thrilled to have you on the panel discussing the 'Arab Spring' with, it looks pretty awesome :) an indie film about a young couple who have a problem with ghosts. It's supposed to be super scary!, lmaooo madison quote<U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328>, Jesus Christ, GO TRIBE!!!, That depressing feeling you get when u realize u have school the next morning…, hahaahahahaha loving that response!, I ain't messin' with ya'll Twitter Ghosts. Real folks only please., first time here this place kicks ass!, just saw your Tweet... were you thinking he was related to one Justin Bieber? I know you're a Bieber believer, Reid., is it sad that writing a paper that provides actual, interesting criticism and research makes getting a phd in english not totally crazy????, RT if you would trade places with me ;), I'm really enjoying the calm before the storm., Is it pathetic that I am totally psyched because I found a really cool screen saver for my Mac? I'm such a dork., that way more businesses will see that presentation (from A Career page), thanks for coming tonight & sharing your passion with us students! Big thanks for making the connection too!, will do. thanks for the tip!, YOUNG MONEY!! RT, Good: Separated content for kids from adults. Bad: Still see kids content with the adult content. Why?, Never thought I could be this stinkin' happy again after my Michael :), yes, many of the convos on cmgr tend to focus on B2B or are for big corps so I appreciate hearing more B2C & smaller brands, hahahahha that would be awesome!, Hrm. Well, I'm glad you got it to work. Wish I knew what the issue was, though., um no thank u. U breached the first one, Dnt think about it..BE about it, Do you think the NFL is going easy on these guys? seems like if this is true they should lose their jobs, #KatrinaBias I think;)), thanks lady! It all feels so strange... But the love and support from friends has been awesome., #shoutout to some great peeps, already did lol it's getting cold up in here, up in here :), We're thrilled to be on a list with such esteemed company Chris! Come see us again soon., Cliches are bullshit. Culture is your operating system. Evolve your internal dialogue. Those old sayings don't mean a damn thing., That twitter beef crapp it's fucking hilarious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 361, people these days are just so self-obsessed and insular with their... portable record players!, NO HANDS, I was unawares you could tag someone in your facebook status updates by adding @ in front of their name. Sounds familiar..., really hoping there's no public speaking required for tomorrow's award ceremony. also, my prof is going to ask whats the haps w/ph.d. app, O, thank you God, for the taste of a Cigar again!!!!!!!, wow way to bring me down. It's okay. When I get older I will buy a jeep and come pic you up., The blister is 90% healed. Ready to go 14 innings on Sunday!, Hey ! Thanks for the follow!, That is so lame! Change networks :), There just ain't enough time in the day, Fire in tower at Dallas Love Field. Trying to go home!, The world is hugged by the faithful arms of volunteers. ~Terri Guillemets, your Gunna become a veronica don't do it lmao, This bar has serious sewage issues. The smell of sewer gas doesn't stop people from eating here. Can't pass on those .30 wings!, It is a janitorial nfl footballs for sale to tease as a floodplain of some- footballs for sale, so i texted you ? :), i don't understand your love for me either, I would also very much enjoy naps with a cuddly guy right now <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>, thank's for all your support towards , he really appreciates it., Been splitting time to work on MJR RSS Feeds On Twitter and Facebook, My horoscope: Your mood is upbeat; your activities are offbeat. You march to a different drummer playing at a pretty snappy tempo., you ok there cone? Seen Crafton knock the hell out of ya there, a band playing and stuff. That's where I saw them :), but a plane ticket and be on your way lmao, Hell YES!! RT : Did anyone score Hotel Solamar for #SDCC? If you did, keep an eye out for a ton of celebs!, I don't see nothin wrong, The next #Spokane-based contractor that bitches about the economy can put a sock in it. Can't get a single one of 'em to bid or follow up., so.bored., I truly believe it's calculated to "win back" the black vote, but I'll take Jay-Z and Will Smiths endorsement of marriage equality and Obama, just back from great nyc gtr marathon: "bell italia" theme: a great success, great intl team and great NY times review + pic what a relief!, well it's really weird cause my brothers name is also Logan haha, Now that I think about it, my life is boring! Home, church, HEB. Those are basically the places I go to, I wish I could remember where the Safe Place in my house is. I keep putting things there and never finding them again., #NeverShouldYouEver walk out of the house with dirty shoes., Sitting in my car listening to #MyWorld!, The Pursuit of Happyness In My Pants, is it beef jerky time yet?, MB this singing in my dreams whit: #roc #prodigy #priceton and #rayray lol!!, Craving key lime tart...Could just put it between my cheek and gum...savor the flavor..., Hope your day gets better Katie!, Im watching good luck Charlie the episode when Teddy breaks up with derek, right?, Anybody heading to Off The Grid in SF tonight? The team is going to devour some food from trucks after a long week!, follow me Will Smith, Stay warm at The Anchor Bar Tonight with $2 Tuesdays.., I've also become MUCH better informed and more well read since starting on twitter., That moment of shame when the automatic doors doesn't open for you., love the cake remix do it big riri!!!, Not happy with the result of Shaemus/Bryan, but holy hell was that an excellently booked match., Daily Quote "Immediate feedback isn't always useful. People need to reflect first on their performance", Nic - ProfitAbility ID Team, Could really use a beer awkward that i have class in a few, so it must wait. Coffee until., oh, my profanity is offensive? So is your fucking insensitive nature, so we're even., Dude next to me is 40 lbs overweight, and he is stuffing an egg mcmuffin in his face. Nice., I hope you are being nice to your new executive !, consider the source, there..., any time Dawson - ill be traveling first two weeks of March but maybe late march? Email me a calendar invite, Moot question? Dissertations are (usually) a bunch of cobbled together articles anyway., A number of us were saddened to that those at #MW10 didn't do those who went to #ALA09 proud and carry on fine tradition of snarky tweeting., The FIRST OFFICIAL FACEBOOK 2012 FITNESS CHALLENGE (FOFB2012FC)...All you have to do is commit to any type of work-out for 2012 FB> doc.prov, I don't know. But said at her author talk that there will be a red theme in each cover., you're so freaking nerdy, get a life., Via Coach Mike Pointer in last nights commercial class "information is only power if you use it", Pls pray for two homeless men who were shot as they slept under morrison bridge., ADHD isn't a disorder, it's just the upgraded version of the human brain. developing and it's confusing. Thats why numbers increase!, Your "Anonymous" #Q&A was genius. Attack your guests more often., GOD WEAKNESS, #TheyNeed2BringBack cartoons that had value and a real hero like he man, gi joe, and thundercats., i know! i better get with it, Counting down to NYC!!!!, Thanks for coming out to our free financial seminar with and, then we got plenty in common! I'll have to get you out to a Rapids game soon :), take it easy on Bill DQ haha!!, no problem! well glad we've finally talked to each other since his ass aint never introduced us., Lost? Follow me I'll take you to the high life, #20factsaboutme 14) I love me some Italian food!, thinking about you. Hoping for positive results on Monday. Watched your XLV Pick 6 this morning. BLESS!, Likewise. The time-tracking argument is strong., I always tell people Haskell will remind you of what it's like to learn programming, but my R looks the most like what I wrote then, FOLLOW MI PEOPLE!!! I already have n following mi so u should too:), Don't waste pixels on Borg, that is my motto, insightful w the bonus of Funny, Kevin Durant is NOT about to let OKC lose the chance for a 2-0 lead in this series..., I think STL got to0 clever trading down and missed on guys that could meaningfully help the offense. They need Oline and WR help in 2nd/3rd, it did., Don't Trust the B in Apt 23 gets the initial 2 thumbs up from Kristin & I. Which means it'll be canceled next week. Dammit!!!, We've had a mild winter so far here in Columbus ... it's going to get bitter cold before you know it. Still time to get a furnace tune up!, Hey, thanks for the RT. :), Let's do this., STRANGERS think I'm quiet. MY FRIENDS think I'm out-going. MY BEST FRIENDS know that I'm completely insane!, Pedophiles make no effort to hide on Twitter. Why are you sick fucks not in prison getting raped like you should be?, OMGoodness I am baking one of your recipes and it smells AWESOME! Stay tuned for pics peep!, i know, yogo pants are the style thse days i'd wear'em. lmao, When you are on the #job hunt, what are the sites that you typically visit to begin your search? I would love to get your feedback!, Thank you for the RT! Thinking of going?, Adrenaline is Rocking the house tonight at JR's Bar & Grill in Olive Branch MS the show starts at 8:00p.m., Thanks for the BlogWorld RT! Are you planning to attend next year?, you like the weirdest sports., because I saw Austin's poll for his next concert & I saw Tronto, Canada so I screamed yeah I live sort of close to Tronto!, Okay everyone challenge of the day!!!!! 750 followers by midnight!! #ChicagoSkylineBand Come on guys!!! RT this!!, I found my watch, Newt (albino penguin) playing music to celebrate winning GA. Very poor comparison for many reasons. Real American?, then I'll leave for work and it won't be my problem anymore! Lol, Hey y'all! Stop by #FreshPond #WholeFoods between 4 & 6 tomorrow to get some sweet #deals from !, Money money money... how much do you think 'The Scream' will fetch at auction? RT, Goodbye forever, you goddamn 405 with the shitty, shitty human beings that frequent you.101 it is., Beethoven, the original rock star., two more days to Graduation ! yea, BITCH BITCH BITCH BITCH JFGAHGSAHG;HGA;HG, I can wake up happy everyday just by saying "I'm not pregnant"., "Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true. " -- Brian Tracy, Author, You too! Checking y'all off my #aam2012 bucket list!, S/O 2 The WestCoast Homie "Cal-Snubs" For All The Support! ...our Single will be On The Radio in a Few Weeks!, #dhtrial jury exits for break., Every time I speak I see 100 grand, I hate Mondays...., Re: ME libraries and museums - wondering what other examples of collaborations are out there..., #CNNDebate PLEASE PUT ME ON TV!, Who the hell are you? Did I address you? No! Crawl back into the hole you came from!, #PlansForTheSummer... Making $, hockey, making more $$$, working out, Hawaii, and hanging out <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>, Huge accident between FMN and Cuba. Traffic is at a stop., please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 2, Sweet Setup, Who is going to be doing a #HappyDance when finals are over?, Good luck BG, #30weeks 7-10 more weeks unless he who must not be named decides to come early., lol yo when i heard that hit i SWEAR i thought he died, that is a really neat design!, Howard Stern saying on Americas Got Talent..."we truly are the greatest counrty in the world", Ha No Doubt., Hmph.. its time to mo my lawn again. I hate doing that shit! Ugh, I've been planning a lot of fun activities for the summer. To bad I'm going to ditch all of them and just sleep and watch tv., Beautiful, incredible singing today, DV (as usual). Hugs from J & J..., random bitches in the library acting like they run shit, #Nuggets win over #Thunder 106-101, Come on Dallas, My dad wants to play 20 questions with me when I just walked in like he didn't know where I was ._. Go to sleep, please., I hope Barrett keeps using this "Civil War' talk in all of his speeches. It's going to go over like a fart in church., The flu is in our house, but I am choosing to not participate with it., you are an idiot, certainly! But I'm also talking about other options and mindsets, a change that becomes part of our culture and way of life., Hey Guys! I'm playing in San Diego next Monday night @ Tin Can Ale House 9pm! I'll see Y'all there! -BAC, Why am I such an idiot?, We are each planted to eventually produce something that is bigger and greater than us . . . What are you producing?, please follow me, It IS worth the fight to protect intellectual freedom and we have to be willing to fight for it!, Man I love King of the Hill. lol, hahaha your last tweet made me giggle big time, . is great! It is difficult to humanize a figure who is so polarizing. You capture CT's perplexing character with grace., follow me back, I prefer grumpy old dude w/occasional mild wisdom, but thanks for noticing., it looks amazing. Hope your enjoying the bday celebrations!, Lou Holtz of Notre Dame coaching fame and ESPN analyst is apparently considering a run for Congress, OMG I didn't know I had a 5 AM. Lab tomorrow. Blah. Oh well. Lets do this thing!, Thought I would ask anyway, thank for answering luv, also new to twetter, enjoy., Joe Little of : I'm a mutt - developed skills & styles by taking little things like from lots of great reporters., Tune in to the Second Amendment Show on 1310 AM in Canandaigua or 1590 AM in Brockport. I'll be on live at 11:07!, Oh I wanna dance with somebody!, RT thanks & belated happy anniversary! :), #beenThere --->>> “: The awkward moment when you say good night on twitter but don't stop tweeting.”, Ok, in the last twenty minutes, i have been called gay and a nigger. By strangers. Weird. I'll keep track. More to come i think., Just saw it..call in a few, Not only is the absolute coolest, this is some unbelievably comfortable gear to wear!, Saturday is good, flies should not be the size of quarters, Wow! is a perfect choice to draw you, !, that doesn't sound too good! But she was protectin him :(, We are now officially a 5-man band. \m/, ur welcome. n yes u do on ur last tweet, Blood pressure pills and thyroid meds are a part of your past with Skinny Fiber. It's all natural. Money back guarantee!! You have more..., my point of reference is proverbs 31 :) to me, marriage is a sleepover with ur best friend every night!, Last notice: we are going to be at 21/J tonight 6-7pm giving away 26 tix to our grand opening., Belief is most of the battle - We believed in our idea - a family park where parents and children could have fun- together. - Walt Disney, i can make your bed rock, “: Most Bros won't admit this but Father Of The Bride is hilarious!!! Love that movie ” FAVORITE, No I haven't yet., have you ever had one of those days where you just wonder what direction to head in next????, ITS ALMOST SUMMMERRRRRRRRR! That means almost time for new music from :D, If it belongs to someone, say their. If it's a location or you're pointing out something, say there. Say "they are" to see if they're works., Just did my civic duty of voting for a lot of judges I've never heard of., I think I'm going to do the Mac & Cheese., Are you off today or welcoming back the work week?, I can't wait to lift with tonight!, oh woops and #ff and because that will make your refractory period shorter, If you like teh laughs, follow these five., Just some classic rolls, finding most people to be fairly agreeable today. not going to question it., I can't even watch the #Brewers game anymore, ridiculous... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, I want to be your favorite hello, and your hardest goodbye., are you looking to do shirts or jeans. Or?? Need a picture for shirts or a design., 's such a jerk, but I love him -- not rite now though :/, on is down. No es bueno., “: Eli..straight cash homey” 4th quarter king!, ringringring!!! hello! thanks so much for the follow!! xoxoxox, why not? Haha, I don't even care, it's just the fact that he lied to me about it., I'd go with you!, talking behind my back, Silly making me cry. :/, When your whole world is turned upside down..Look to see who stays beside you, those are your true friends. Cherish them., Endorsement process for us sen under way at, twitter is a soap box for ignorant fools. i wish some people would actually read what they wrote, this shit is stupid., Thank you to for the delightful blueberry cupcake yesterday in order to promote #RevereBoston!! Favorite cupcake flavor!!, Los #librotraficantes are now in Arizona! At weigh station. Hope all this knowledge we're hauling does not make overweight!, Our Birthday wishes go out to one of our favorite Team Members....Juan Villavicencio! Happy Birthday Juan!!!, So glad my sister and her bf are here for Christmas (: were all sleeping in my room ! Yay (:, Boston Chapter needs new Game Watch location.Know BC alum bar owner downtown willing to host for us?, I know, I've been very busy too just had to check in with, Thanks for the follow!, Acoustic instruments are pointless., "AW, NEVA!!!! I'M JUS' 2 CLEVER, SO IN FACT THAT, NO ONE COULD SEVER!!!!"-EAZY E"WE WANT EAZY", Beer pong by the white river pool!!! Lets go:))), Bryce Harper is the man. That's all., We change your oil rain or shine. We come to your office or home. Discounts available for groups., i could tell haha and i know you just made it look like soo much fun so i had to try it, Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a Wal-Mart but only 4 registers will be open, Nuge is a killetarian (only eats what he kills) who loves sex. Dave Mustaine endorsed Rick Santorum., Wow. People wore clothes to raves in the 90s. Now they're like 90% naked. How things change..., It's cold & wet outside so stop by our dry gameroom to warm up :), Comm <U+2605> RT Wordsmith | Exceeds business objectives via communication strategies & tactics | NY/NJ/PA | bit.ly/de8eN0 |, IM SCARED..., love u guys :-), Satisfaction does not come with achievement, but with effort. Full effort is full victory. - Mahatma Gandhi, You are the star for which all evenings wait. <3, They were shipped to him Chris, Sorry man not yet :(, Haven't had a cigarette all day! Doing good..let's see how far I can make it!, he said he dont care, lol thank u what's good, as long as we order the drinks up. :) And stirred not shaken., wind is whipping out there -- whitecaps on the #ErieCanal!, Ad/Mo?, Just bought a washer and dryer... :-/, Those mornings when you wake up and feel like you can take over the world! >>, Snow is god's way of punishing old people., " APRO.PK " Will give me much love over this week can't wait..., really?! I need to find that tweet! Haha! I don't know if I can function now b/c if Niall has a tattoo, like Zayn and Harry <3, Me too dave., I'm handling some shit right now but I'll hit you up later if anything, martini night at cava with and caro. $6 martinis? and hummus?! love the extended happy hour., Our doves are raised and lovingly cared for. Each dove is trained to be released and return home. Pretty Amazing!, My moms having a lil too much fun try a kill this fly.. Lol, #wordpress here we come..., thanks so much! I really appreciate it!, morning sunshine, I'm doing research for a character I'm playing this Saturday. Please give me your thoughts about sociopaths., Hi Hisham, I have to conduct an informational interview for a course that I'm taking and was wondering if you'd be interested?, but think of the parties I could throw., RT : If you've been putting off writing, I challenge you to write 3 pages of anything today.it doesn't have to be a masterpiece., yea thats a long time for the E channel lol!, I no every1 does! I tried everything! I tried for meet and greet at z100, for izod,beacon,& MSG but had noo luck!:(, I told you we could take care of that!, hey hey..the burgerman is in trouble as usual...bobbing and weaving..:) How are things with you?, the only game that rewards people for sucking dick, Love is in the air!!!, Victorians are ready!!, Let's do it!, good idea!!! I'm not hitting 1k tweets till Orioles next win!!!, It's a shame that someone will have to lose in this Kentucky and Indiana game! These two teams have the court smoking!, What's everyone up to??, Let me get back to you. We've got everything accessible through an Amazon S3 instance. Would that work?, I totally love this one… A hot guy opens my eyes, a smart guy opens my mind, but only a sweet guy can open my heart, This chick really just caught an attitude w/me bc when she asked me what kinda weave I used, I told her this is my REAL hair. Smh, It's a bowl of cereal for dinner kind of night., Courtney only knows how to act #TinWoMan #thebachelor the vows were on a paper she copied from, at work, hoping for a good day today... very busy week ahead of me..., why do I have NO #ENERGY this whole week, Bet I got some weed...BET I GOT YO BITCH!!, love this tweet! so glad you're enjoying our music today!, It really depends upon how much alcohol has been consumed., Mason in command half way through the 3rd... 40 to 28, one of the best wwe superstar, My interview with is up on our website at FM 93.7/AM 1510, watching #suburbgatory hilariously close to reality, How did Firefox go from the fastest, coolest browser to the dead-last slowest? I had to switch to Chrome., And now allergies are kicking in. Makes for longer day. Hate dfw, sure I'll hit em up soon as he gets on, Chocolate shaved ice, mochi, homemade brownie bits (from a no less !) and leche syrup - gets a #bestofsummer stamp, looks super pretty in her twitcon :) #RandomTweet :), AFHC Meat&Greet tonight at , 5pm. I think Randall is playing. Possibly too. Maybe even $1 beers., Nothing stressful about it. Just takes attention., I think I went to that party last year. : ), of course! Now let's get a theme going..., Please Lord protect us from each other, HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN, Should you spend $3000 to become a best selling author by writing one chapter of a book or should you pay your child's college tuition?, We can arrange a Sutro-viewing periscope to prevent Sutro narcosis, if necessary., With lies you may go ahead in the world - but you can never go back ~ Russian Proverb, Parying & Wishing My Rap Career Take Off Time To Do Business... Lil'WEgi:):)-_-, Thanks for your enthusiasm! will decide what to order, but they may be open to suggestions ;), It's official: has ended the TWC-MSG dispute., #retweet if you love playing a show every single night, A period of travel and relaxation when you take twice clothes and half the money you need., Yummy for the Mommy? Enjoy : ) one of my favs, Good question Silence from on the subject...?, Just booked Saturday February 5 at the newly reopened Donna's on N. Rampart Street!!! Come check us out and support the legendary club!!!, Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Enjoy your day!, true, but if you didn't get FW in your Adobe bundle, Image Alpha is free. free is always nice.., my meeting tomorrow was just cancelled, hows your editing going?, Let's go, pink haired girls and late night conversations., So far we've done nothing at school only 4 more hours it something like that, 11 Panthers have been named on the Horizon League's Winter All-Academic Teams. Well done Panthers!, Fab Weekend, thanks again for the ride home :), I would agree with you agreeing fine gent..., I'm tired of all the bullshit and struggling!., Rocking a pair a sperrys and being proud about it. ='s you might be a homosexual., Happy Friday! Thanks for the RTs and mentions, make sure you checkout King Tut at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis today!, Performing at a house partying this Friday night! =D, Arnold & Porter & the Abramson Family Foundation support our community! Thanks for honoring our 15th year w/ your generous sponsorship., Donna Frye: Prop A is like a tax-payer- funded trip to the craps table., Awesome! Thanks for celebrating #MKEDAY, everyone!, I wish I could still skate....., Off to the Museo de la Psicologia Experimental... Super excited :), On the runway - not the fashion week kind., “: People who smoke cigs are in the beginner stage of being lifelong crackheads.”, What to do when you’re wrong: a) admit you’re wrong, b) make adjustments, c) move along. |, Making love to the money , I swear the sex greeeeaaatt !, I wonder when will be back in Wisconsin next..., Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be. Each of us has the power to give life meaning., Bhagavad Gita~ One who sees inaction in action and action in inaction is intelligent among men., "Marketing IS everything. If your marketing plan isn't in line w/the strategic initiative, you've got a problem." - Mike Long, THREE MORE AMAZING ICONIACZ FOLLOW AND I'LL DM MIKEY AND VINNY FOR YOU! :D, Whitey is a beast!, hey lady. Congrats on your show. I remember what it is like to share the stage with you. You always rock. Come to New York.., please don't ever shut up. You are full of WIT., Knee trouble forces Nadal out of Miami Rafael Nadal withdrew from the Miami Masters prior to his scheduled semi final against Andy Murray, Joe Paterno may not be the only reputation going down in flames tonight, Gotta love #NHL playoffs fights have been awesome, mac bots are almost as obnoxious as Scientology bots., Thanks for sharing our latest news!, and ken freestyle and the discussion after, I'm at Dirty Bar's #dayparty and there are SO many folks in need of, #Akwasi_Frimpong from the docu #Rabbit_Theory sends #oprah_winfrey a letter. Read letter on #wikipedia_page. He hopes to meet her someday., it just my heart, Life is a movie, just not one that would do well at the box office., Thanks for the RT, guys!, y'all wanna hoop?, wish we could see the big cuz in Orlando this year. All-Star game doesn't count., I need a cool theme song for my life, or at least a bad ass on that plays when I enter the room...like on wrestling., If you lived in LA or were a Dodgers fan you would have to drink heavily too, Time to start walking..., Why did Jennifer Hudson's sisters 911 call need to be released to the public?, Betsey, to me: "You're such a great man... I mean, not like Lincoln...", how many documentaries were in the run off?, But, if I didn't I wouldn't know they read it, and they wouldn't see my dick., First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-, luv u baby, Recovering from the Hyattsville Arts Fest. Thanks to everyone who came out! So happy the rain held off until last night/today!, Know the difference between a person discerning u and just being soulish#churchfolk smh, Toilet! Flush.... #pineapple express, It's bout to be serious UK and KU!!!..., 80 yr old archivist from CO here for genealogy convention asks me for directions to East Walnut Hills. He's heard it's beautiful there, Aye . Saw The CUTEST Boy At The Mall . ;-*, “: what do you have in 9.5 or 10” just sent out a few tweets, I guess The Garden didn't have enough energy that they can feed off of!! I just don't understand it., A blissful soak in our pedicure tub, luxurious massage, warm coconut oil to soften rough heels & callouses, cuticle work & polish... Ah., I would love to be there :), How Madison can play the piano., That's my job. see you at 1, I think the DeMaio TP viz not saving $$ is "shift risk". That is, City is powerless to keep from raiding pension & Sdcers sux., Unplug it for about 10 seconds. Then plug it back in and power it on. Should reboot., EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District, Multi-Site, Territory, Area or Regional Manager position . Call me, Email me or Please se…, Thanks for the follow!, Stunning indeed. Thank you for sharing!, Super bowl halftime show w/ madonna, nicki minaj, cee-lo, yea they got it in, hate you so much sometimes... doesn't even have a desk anymore, don't rub in how awesome your cushy job is!, I would choose he knows Buck Owens., “: I'm speaking at the University of Wisconsin this evening.”, Is it just me or does it seem like Solis has no idea where Corgan might go? This is great., saying that God created the marijuana "flower" doesn't make it better, AP government super study seshhh at Starbucks with my girls!, It's one of my favorite phrases... and it means it's almost summer., GoodNight Twitter, I don't even know what the administration's current slate of proposals to improve economic performance in the short run is right now., thanks Sabrina! Spread the word!, Omg I'm like shaking & crying D:! That was so weird I was like crossing at the traffic lights which were red but this van was like zooming, Thanks, that's what I thought, That's what you want? You got it, I'm like drooling over "Some Nights" because it's PERFECTION. created a masterpiece., “: You are obsessed and I think it's time for an intervention.” you think?!?! I agree :), Sharing economy is about to explode., RT if you, oh ok. Well if u wanna hit me just call. I'm off today, Yes we are a newer store, and just added lunch items a couple weeks ago :), I'm quickly realizing there is a thing as "too much coffee" - don't mind me, just can't stop shaking & having minor heart palpitations, fuck. i have the algebra eca today.., You are amazing! #Blissdom mamas are behind you all the way!, seriously rocked their set! These kids know how to get a crowd moving!, Despite the name, has good vegan salads (lentil and quinoa). However, I couldn't find a recycling bin!!, Nyc le soon!!!, Doing an economics study guide for our final test. its 86 questions. And I have a 100 Question government study guide to do., we are all connected on a single channel, supporting our boys.. Il volo has the best fans in the world... in action, it is and the same too u ;), catfish eat dirt. you eat catfish. you eat dirt., stop holding back. let go of your fear of making a mistake. No mistake will ever be greater then the grace given to you! Step OUT!, Seriously amazing and so easy to make. Not bitter like I expected., Thank ya, glad ya like it RT : Thanks for the following your music is awesome :D, And Bynum apparently owns all the paint in that building., My dress is amaze, Nice Chocolate!!! Thanks :), Darn! I hate the scale I have! First it says I gained. Than I step on it a second later and it says I lost. Than I step on it again and (c), Wondering why I'm wide awake at 2:40am when I have a busy day Monday and need to sleep., That sounds fabulous. I want a brandy-filled hip flask too!, Rainy Monday writing cookie recipes., THANK YOU so much! Your work in the community is amazing and your music is a delight! WORD!, Last day of High School at St.Francis!!xD, stupid stinky poopie, the feeling's mutual. But do you like me more or ????, thanks. Btw: do you know any good attorneys? All I have is the contact for some public defender..., Haha! They might also worry about bankruptcy. In all seriousness, it sounds wonderful., looks like a nice article about him, Our relationship with the earth must be like our relationship with one another--a ceaseless exercise in respect. ~Aldo Leopold, i am a big fan of 7th heaven, "Every day is a gift - even if it sucks." Sherry Hochman, Someone may have unfollowed, but you came up as 999. I'll get back to you!, FINE!! I made an #Instagram. Same as my twitter, "even if the moon fell down tonite, thered be nothing to worry about at all because you make the whole world shine", me and Jenny are going to throw a party when you come home :), He does he is amazing I love my bestfriend !!<3<3, ZOMG, a guy from this local band that I LOVE randomly sent me a myspace message! TELLING ME I'M BEAUTIFUL!!! *swoons*, Fantastic!! That should be a killer performance.The whole city should go.The acoustics are amazing in the hall.Best ever IMO, New music binge. Yum yum yum yum yum., Thank you so much RT : #Miami #South Beach Hope friends & fans will catch our upcoming blog about the..., Stressful situation? Make the conscious choice to seize the thing you can control: How you THINK about what’s happening., The D1 Sectional Final games (that would have been played at state) were not as good as D2 will be at state fri., Ohh ok! Everytime I think I miss CS I look on twitter and all I see is drama ha, There is no pleasure in having nothing to do;the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.- Mary Wilson Little, What's life when you aint living and what's living if it aint life, Vegas in the morning...loving this thing called life!, Oh my God Bradley Cooper is at the same party I'm at....he's so Limitless!!!!, thanks for the follow! haha, bowling soon?, Salon Update: Now offering eyebrow waxing, lashes and make up services, I'm not trying to sound like a badass or anything...but I take out my USB without removing it safely., My love is your love. Your love is mine., Sonoda's Sushi LODO, serving Downtown Denver since 1995.....Off day for the Rocks, Tonight the Nuggets Finish the Reg. Season #Denver Sports, who is that girl by you???, cant wait for friday!!!, tsik play me, Missed wine Wednesday so I'm making it wine Thursday just for this week ;) x, they have those here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>, Pretty sure there is a space ship behind that square shaped cloud, I just <3 Wisconsin... ¢, Garmin® Expands Global Presence in the Automotive OEM Space with New Offices ... - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release), dat purple hair is fiya...i got a mohawk what color if i get color should i get?, Maybe I shouldn't have passed that last gas station, Bouta go comb this shit & put some lotion on my feet., Can't wait to wing it your way. The 2 of you and the lovely are terrific NZ ambassadors., We are dying to go to Islay & Jura - my husband is in love with Islay Scotch. Will definitely make that trip someday soon!, I know! I wonder when they'll start the Microsoft boycott (who also said they believe in equality)., Create a Journey of life map to tell your, HCR came on while I was shopping! I freaked out & then got kicked out!, Yes it is!! =D RT : what is that i hear?? New merch from sometime soon??? :DD www.hyebyheclothing.com, Oh shit women's prisons are fucking scary, This town has gone Super Bowl crazy, no I'm still here sweetheart, Jeron Teams with Brekeke Software to Deliver SIP Wireless Phone Integration to Provider® 790 Nurse Call, After White Tiger book recommendation, need more solid books. Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao Quality., I think I have a talent for being able to tell which white people would've owned slaves two hundred years ago., ...On the road to Vegas....Can't wait to see my family! How did I get so lucky? Happy T-Day everyone!, With Horns inside?, all work. Just no pesky men! Lol That's in NY, them miami hurricanes just came out..., Dude, I need to learn how to save money..., MEMORY: once told me that staying home from work when hungover is JV. Now that dude is a creative director. Full on varsity., So I'm guessing slate passed? Congrats!!! Hope you're having an awesome year., “: Doc Emerick is the man” (makes the game enjoyable), austin is so hot, Wish we could fast forward to tomorrow... #soexcited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, Proud owner of a new couch, I officially feel like an adult now., omg im such a bad online friend will tweet you a lot form now on, RT thx for mentioning , we presented at L'Accademia romana di belle arti SanLuca last year so some may know it., The cd #myloxyloto is phenominal. i recommend it to everyone., Brung in Mother's Day the right way last night, Just call it please. Thanks, #questionsthatdontgetanswers do you give head?, U need a side gig as a horrorfilm blogger!; Innkpr/KillList for sure. 'Martha Marcy...' was fave 'horror' of the season. U like?, Feeling charged and ready for all of the goodness ahead. Hope that EVERYONE is full of HOPE and JOY. :-), Yo what's up bro!, Come up to Arapahoe Basin tomorrow for the Slopestyle Devo Championships and see some kids shred up the park!, will be closed for Christmas Eve & Christmas Day & New Year's Day, I freakin love you too!(: HAHAHA i heart kitties <3, Woah! Crazy…how's it going?, I just drove around a bit. He's gone. Whew!, everyone is going to crib for some soup and karaoke!, disdained the teaching work? I was surprised how many were unwilling to jump in. It was fun for me., Don't miss the Mel Blanc exhibit at the Oregon Jewish Museum. It's great and full of laughs. And That's not all folks!, sucks for you., I was referring to the London blog posts from the fall., Lollapalooza sounds reaaall sweaty to me., it IS my weekend! :), Right I loved how they whooped the Brewers at the Sunday game., dude i was watching that 70s show and they said "keep youre friends close and your enemies fat" HOLY SHIT THEY STOLE MY IDEA, I love the bobblehead! One of the best giveaways so far., KRoyRN Hey lets go Wed! I get paid tomorrow plus its half off sushi and wine at stir fry! Can you do that?!, your show needs to be an hour long, 30 min isn't long enough! your to funny! (:, The most interesting Ficelles in DC will be #Metro Center today! Get ready!!!, You're fired! Oh. Wait...does it work that way? (I'll delete it), When you just have one of those bad days and you know only going to dance will make it better, e me so thank you for the inspiration(: ¦, haha why thank you, i'm honored, didn't hear about it. hope the dude wasn't involved., ILL call in for sure!!!!, Whether you are a banker, a broker, an agent, or an individual, when it comes to your title and closing needs,, Changed my room around and I feel SO much better, time for ice cream., thanks for the love fam whatever you need from me its on., exactly, if he can get that many fans with only being there that long then just imagine if he stayd longer lol, I'd be happy to say Happy Birthday on Twitter..! Send me his Twitter name., 200 on each blog. I only realized this when I had to edit them all!!, Fuck Twitter for not letting me change my bio ., Mizu Sushi bar and Grill Grand Opening. 1035 S. Winchester Blvd San Jose Ca, 95127, was there an injury to an OSU corner today? I heard someone tore an ACL., Every year about 98% of the atoms in your body are replaced, thank you and tell everyone I said heyy, Sore throat & sniffly nose. Must remember not to trash immunity staying up too late with friends while traveling on business. Worth it 'tho, Did anyone else used to go to a store and jump from tile to tile because every other one was hot lava?, Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby & the sun in supposed to come out, can't think of a better reason to be at Tia's on a Saturday!, : Cromell's mom would probably go #1 in the fantasy football draft if it weren't for the character issues., my tweets = my followers right now. weird, Talent is a blessing, skill has to be learned.., I don't believe in tl;dr., is this real?, you're welcome. Also, pop lock and drop it. Maybe toot that thing up., Restless yet restful., ehh that weather looks like it be kinda crap at the, . #followthursday or #ff one day ealy, no matter. Thx for the mention, Yes location svc is active when app is open & stndby when in bckgrnd. It only monitors significant changes in your location. This, Thanks for sharing this great tip! "Remember: People don't need to be falling down drunk to be buzzed." From, cheeba just walked over from the window, licked my elbow, and then went back over to the window, Twitter: Fucked up yet somewhat adjusted individuals. Facebook: Fucked up yet in complete denial. And too many baby pictures., Good luck to everyone with papers & projects due this week. Also, be sure to check with your professor for the time and date of your finals!, Come home, Thank You to all #Volunteers who have served with our ReStore. 30,000 hours logged this past year! YOU ROCK, thank you for the kind RTs, yo gonna watch mayweather fight tonite with my mom and her nd gonna be a crazy fight, opps . wrong kind of canned air . anyway . Happy 2010, Key West I've missed you!, REFUCKINGTWEET!!!! ": I hate shady people, especially when they're awkward about it.", it's 10 already?? I'll be so happy when school is over and I can get all the time I need out of my day., don't criticize what you don't understand <U+2764>, When people realized they were being screwed on taxes a couple of years ago, we threw the mayor out on the street., #itAnnoysMeWhen When 14 and below kids think that they have lifes., Almost 200 followers! :D Follow me I follow back! :), i would never tell ;), Scotland Yard Pub: Football tonight at 8:30! Gonna be HUGE!!, Amy will be in Dallas, Texas Feb. 18th and 19th, not for a concert, but for her son's state chess tournament., #theartist for best picture!, I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. Roy Croft., It was me., Congrats to your mom for even being on gmail... still working on mine from a generic account., . Can't wait 2 see u @ ur show @ The Music Box. Thanx for dropping by w/ ur buds to announce it on !, UR amazing!! RT Just finished shooting for obsessed with the S/S collection.... Your gonna die when you see this!, I would like a lightning cuddle buddy. Cuz I scared., At the annual meeting!, RT Ah, jash, trying to get the motivation to do some exercise this evening., *watches do the vagina vogue*, Yep, would be great to catch-up., Woo... 501 followers. But hubby is closing in on me quickly with 447. Boo., i don't think so...thanks you to, Great night with my real people <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>Mad love for the true few, #NowPlaying: The #MarioLanza Show. Mario sings the best in opera and contemporary tunes., Service was great, as usual... & its helpin me get closer 2 him :o), Any #Phillies updates for me??, Its Saturday night - somebody get me a copy of FRAMPTON COMES ALIVE on vinyl, Gay peeps: Be proud of who you are., On that more then just love call it spiritual influence., Nene on glee tonights episode , can't wait..., Crewsmas always brings great holiday cheer for the week. We can exchange FK into a different game. DM me your email addy, I LUBB IT! Make more. And put it on iTunes., I watch ur show and im so proud of you both. you guys are so pretty and respectful to yourselves. god bless always, RT #OFPP says more & more agencies are communicating during Pre-RFP & using online tools, Ifunny makes me lazy, Exactly how I study. Lmao, Prescription glasses can make you look smarter, but vomiting due to a headache from wearing glasses you don't need. Makes you look stupid., when someone sets 2 recordings at the same time on the tv and you're stuck watching some strange show..., iReally Didn't Know Back Then But Right Now I'm TOTALLY Sure !, Otto prolly smartest player they have. They will go farther then most ppl think. He is best def player, Time to bathe the puppy, who smells from playing at the park!, Dmy lemonade taste good, THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..SPREAD THE WORD.. GET YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME.. THANKS, gahhh well the only solution is for us to make bad decisions together, My thoughts exactly. And hopefully it lights the same fire under Long Beach media outlets., It's cold as titties outside, can't even finish my cigg. # wasteful, Including the Govenor., I see you getting you tweet game up, In Philly and it's chilly, Support local bands and support Rock!, I probably could. But she's named after a children's character named "Flat Stanley.", is jim carey in it!?!?, Van 1 of the : brought to you by Twizzlers, buffalo pretzels, and a metric ton of sliced honeydew., You're right Chris, that would even be better !But if he's not going to change his swing/approach lay one down (like he said), bout to get unfollowed for those comments... Lol just kidding, Right on Pal. See you soon (also full time, haha)., Some people like more hot sauce than others... and some people like more truffle oil than others. It's subjective. What do you all think?, Just watched a Christmas video from 1989; I got a Sega, got a robot and got...a hat, When a dog wags his tail and barks at the same time, how do you know which end to believe?, Sang Sarah Smile romantically to myself in the car ride into work this morning. Feel pretty good about it., Funny how this whole JPMorgan loss came right after it closed the Vatican's bank account. God is the original hedge., So, upload the first ("choose file"), then click the little picture icon and enter the URL for your own hosted image. Make sense?, You were created to be you, so feel good about yourself., Today 1818: Formerly of the Northwest territory then Indiana territory then Illinois territory, Wisconsin became part of Michigan territory, I will pray to this giant fire breathing pig. All hail...Porkisus? I, for one, salute our new pig overlords, Looking foward to horse back riding this weekend just me & my Gal off into the sunset!, for 3 out of the 4 of us, this will be our first time on the road entirely. Bring your friends and let's get loud., that's good(:, Every once in a while, you just have to sit still. Meditate today, even if it is for 5 minutes. Notice what happens., “ These thirsty dudes be chasing these females. I let them breath, don't got time for any female to stop my focusing.”, This Dodgers closer, Javy Guerra, is pitching like he wants to lose this game., Know how to ask. There is nothing more difficult for some people, nor for others, easier. Baltasar Gracian, you crazy runner girl, you! rock it!, Yes, and on point!, now here we have secret sauce, If City loses this, it have to be one of the biggest chokes in history., My band Has a show saturday! im stoked, Heated enclosed Pet-Friendly Patio is perfect for any occassion especially HAPPY HOUR! (Tues - Fri 4-7pm), Upload A Video Please So I can Learn Your Dance, take a letter grade off for not following instructions and grade what is there by normal standards!, #WhenYouLoveSomeOne They will become a refreshing thought...Just thinking about them brings a smile to your face., You're more than just a follower to us! <3 We wish we could meet you all in person!, RT : #NYC: Thursday at 7pm will speak at Barnes & Noble on Broadway at 82nd St., : when's the next event? with was EVERYTHING!, mostly live., So the starting wage at the #InNOut by my house is $10/per hour...I'm legitimately thinking about joining the team., I love you too. <3 glad you got twitter. (: listening to #enchanted too. <3, TAKE THE DEAL., I'm not funny. I'm just really mean and people think I'm joking., those fuckers are weird! are you there?, I Give Divine Thanks For This Blessing, The Flower of Life., Thanks for the shoutout!, mornin lol sorry we r super late, lol yeah that's a real cake my nigga, Nope, the peeps in this session are #lame and don't have their handles on their name tents :-(, Haha i go to walworth for work so i saw them on my way there, Having a great time in San Diego but I've had that feeling since I got here, Well hello ! Thx for the follow. How's Door County?, RT Ha woman should be loved,respected and honor 365 days of the year and 366 in a leap year””, Thanks bro!, Now that's what I'm talkin bout' Ayn Rand=Evil, sociopath Nihilist, RT : Good morning everyone! Only 2 days away from #HookvsBridgeII let's get it!, We LOVE our fans! Especially when we see them at Wal-Mart in Tyler, TX!, Rackers is also an ex-Bengal/Bungle. Is it a surprise he choked?, Experience an earthquake...check!, “I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works.” Oscar Wilde, I like the positivity of Almost like a Rudy-esque twitter motivational speech. Good luck !, I asked to follow you!, Sound familiar? RT "... throwing the ball and we had a good visit. This is another important step in the process.", ...your lip sync video Breaking Free High School Musical!!! Amazing how much it makes me laugh... Sad Remedy!!, Oh, yeah. It was super busy this weekend. Give the kids a big hug for us!, I expect, like me, you'll be both, in that order., haha I remember signing him for tony's team when he was like a 52 overall, little did i know..., Thanks You! I'm glad you like it <3 & I'm fine & youu? :), Ill defend you ffrom my dad.... I got your back J!(:, All of this subtweeting..., Choochoo train to Davis, CA., RT : The is tomorrow. Are you ready?, Im the Pussy monster so throw the pussy at me, “: Everything I like is either illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.”, The 405 is a nightmare and I have no podcasts to listen to! :(, NO INCOME VERIFICATION LOANS ARE NOW AVAILABLE FOR MANHATTAN, BROOKLYN, BRONX & QUEENS, Nothing gives me the energy to go home and crush the remaining portion of a take-home exam quite like a Black Keys concert., omg what are they doing thatS MY HOUSE, i hav a a pink nd purple polka dot bikini wit a bow in the bak, nd a pair of football cleats, and to you, Sashi. Many blessings, much joy., In awe of the team from Markham Public Library at the Doing Away with Dewey #ala11 Love librarians that don't play by the rules!, 'nough twEeting fo' now....gonna grind before I get my grind on......oatmeal with honey here I come! Happy hump day!!, If your arm doesn't bend more than 90 degrees, swap your stand up coin work for David Roth's: injured arms are happier resting on the table., big nite ahead in FUVland with and at Tarrytown Music Hall. WFUV will be recording both!, How can you not love playoff hockey?, Short day at work...long night of packing. I do this to myself every single time, Moving up on the #reverbnation charts. Have you ranked us yet?, Good thing I get paid this week, Gonna go pick up my tux for tomorrow!, To all the Curtin's on the East Coast of the USA...be careful and stay safe this weekend!!!, OH! Lmfao I should be going to the Believe Tour, if I don't...shit will go down & UA :-), NOTHING GOOD ABOUT THIS SHITTY ASS FUCKIN MORNING., Eastern horizon aflame with glorious light, risen power brings new life to the day and the spring., Happy bday to my good friend TimO. Funny to say it here because he's not on Twitter or Facebook. Know what? I think he's on to something..., fuc wit me, Special shake shout to the midtown floor manager who let me replace my bitter lemonade. She was all the sweetness it needed., Masturbation exercises are believed to benefit women with orgasm difficulties for a number of reasons., Wishing everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving! I am thankful to be living in America's Finest City., : No I want be going down for the funeral. Kashia is sending some flowers trying to find out who has the body., Seeing the most loving, kind, generous, successful and all around baller person I know on Wednesday: ! So excited!, Happy Early Birthdayy!!:) My Birthday is April 24th<3 We have the same birthday month ;) Follow me? <3, Let's get it trending! RT : Also, my phone just recognized the hashtag #Samayan2012. Awesome!, you're my 100th follower! :D thanks!, why not we get bullied by banks and WallStreet., College Football Predictions: Afternoon game Baylor @ OK St; OK St -14.5 and the under 81.5, #Health Tip: Boost your mood by munching on pumpkin seeds: promote the feel-good hormone serotonin., Okay. I got a lot of video ideas. Work on my channel this weekend!, M. That moment where you change the order of your slides and suddenly they work., Return to Forever!!! Yes sir, I can help you out if you ever have questions. Sounds like a good class. Who's teaching it?, best song by wiz in my opinion, goes top, had a good drs. appt today. Life is good., Worship service, #Kobe is on fire!!, After you've clicked "open" click "details" (I agree this is ridiculous), Even though I'm the one who ended it, I want you so bad. I'm so stupid, how could I let this go., Kid Ink, Sometimes people can be to nice, then they regret their decisions, $15 I think!, Big morning for hybrid sedans: Ford Fusion (including plug-in version), BMW 3 Active Hybrid., Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise for the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me without cause, Drinks are on the House, I'm hopin'?, Its so nice out, I think Ill walk the 100 blocks home, At the #wbzbreakfast "uncovering what works" in social media!, Best Tap handle ever! One of a kind!, That was a laser. Kid's got game. RT OK, now we all know for certain that Bryce Harper has a plus arm., Did the rangers win???, how do you like the iPad?, Special special thanks to for jiggling the schedule to help with a scheduling challenge! #superthanks!, Sunday is gonna be great! I have at least 4 losers for you all!, i cannot wait to leave this city ... 2 more weeks, ": Merry xmas to the best fans in the world!", Strong riding! I'm envious., Not bad at all., Avery Fisher, so touched by your generosity. Your support will go a long, long way. We cannot thank you enough! Love!!!!!, So proud to be a UK fan. Such a talented group of young men. They deserve this and congrats to Cal. Amazing coach. Finally trophy is back!, Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. Mahatma Gandhi, Democrats confused after the no bailout line. And that regulation bit. And the spilled milk joke., Snow days R just as fun as adult as they were when kid. Spending Xtra time on #animationmentor assignment, another couple of angelic Trayvons, FREAKY FRIDAY!!!!, As long as the Green Bay D keys in on Forte, this game will be a blowout., Lafayette Honors Students for Academic Excellence · About ..., TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT - Film Awards and the latest and greatest of our student films! Doors open at 6pm SDSU Powell Theatre 5/19 ttf.sdsu.edu, 4 days and counting for your 13.1. You got this?, Cupcakes from for breakfast... Never heard of a better idea :p, Haha yeah!! & January 12th at the UCF arena in Orlando...... SKILLET!! I can never get enough of them :P, Okay then... we need to coordinate our calendars and sign up officially!, What are you creating now?, PAPER WRITING PARTY IN SAVERY! (by "party" I mean just me. Lacan may make an appearance), Celebrating my grandma's 90th birthday today!, bro, me and tequila beg to differ, I really love the red hot chili peppers, "You're just so perfect!" Also...fuck yes to eyeliner stripes and manipulative friendships., BEST. MOVIE. EVER!!!!, Need a professional voice-actor? Take your pick of professional, accredited Voice Over artists at savoa.org/members ., Breann said my ass looks huge today, and Alexa slapped it. Uhm ok...hahaha, Thanks for the RT! Get your votes in!, has some sexy ass hair.!(;, uncc uses kaltura. our ctr for teaching & learning folks can talk to you about it., Great op-ed on women and water "It’s time talk of statistics turned into talk of solutions" -, It's Mother's Day, you are forgiven from all crazy acts. Well, at least forgiven by the people at Hallmark., wrong. Berklee will teach you JAZZ and you will like it! -berklee grad, Love unprompted pics of kittens/cats in pp presentations, If Rooneys in the game it's a no brainer who wins., Yep. And commenter Usha Nellore added "priapism" to our readers' vocabulary. Never know when that's going to come in handy., hha angel shall be warned !, Since creative financing seem some what of lost art form I suggest a weighed average cost 2 keep this Vax form afloat or HP DEC :), : how dare you.?! Lolz what chu goin their for.?, not looking forward to my 8 am final tomorrow morning. i don't even know the last time i was up at that time., I am loving LBJs face right now., A special trolley show release is coming very shortly..., He joins M.Rivera, P.Sandoval, C.Young and J.Werth as injured guys on my fantasy team RT : Nats announce Wilson Ramos a torn ACL, gotta go get my tooth pulled today.., Those little flies r everywhere I go all the time! I swear I shower 2 times a day! What's happening?!?!!!!, No relationship in life can be any more successful than what we are willing to learn about ourselves through it, Well then good luck for Sunday!, i freAking hate people that dont answer texts, Excited to see the man that God has for me, but until then.. I'm just gonna keep doin me., You are very welcome...I thank you too for my RT, got kinks in your network? let Lithium Networks take away your problems. #IT #austin #austinbusinesses #networking #ATX #Austin-Tech #, : How much of the key code to I need to verify for a beetle manufactured 3/1970? Would K040 be enough info to order a key?, Thanks for the RT! - rec'd our club shipment today- can't wait to try the #chenin blanc!, neither, both piss me off because winning just means memorizing a bunch of bogus words, Don't worry, you'll be fine. Oh, wait...is Bethany teaching? *whistles and walks away*, The place that previously did my laundry closed, so now I have to walk 20 feet further and give my laundry to someone else, Things men do..., Alchemist or bust, :O if it is cancelled, then my summer will be lame as always!! :(, Haha me too. But it won't be up until September. That's when I'm interviewing them. :), This girls having an orgasm cutting my meat at the deli, Is there a teen/young woman magazine for girls of color? I can't find one anywhere!, HBO GO is the absolute nuts. Totally recommend signing up for it., About time! Hehe., I cannot wait my dear! Good luck!, Are you still without electricity due to the wind? Distressed guest rates from $49 at Clarion Hotel (505)823-1300, Why try to fit in when you were born to stand out?, Lol. Even the nun is yelling at the game!, In the charging/networking room. Someone come say hi!, “Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.” Brian Littrell, Yeah, you're probably right on both counts, awesome meeting you too! We hope to come back soon!, We need a vaca! #Cabo anyone?, Thank you, thank you!, Hey ! We just followed ! We just started recording new CD - would be SWEET if had us out!!, I have the Kindle 2 wifi version, love it., Did you know that 1 out of every 11 American women owns her own business! Start yours today - www.thehome-office.com The hbb expert, Helene, you played a pretty solid game of Bellagio 2/5 NL. Live micro grinder?, Sam Please follow me(:, Well. All the better, then. :-) Thanks for the rec!, That's like multiplying by a negative number, right? RT : The fake called me a douche., I need some contemporary art/design-themed cat stuff for tomorrow's Cat Break at Any ideas?, Shut Up And Love Me <3333, Dream with my eyes open Sleep when I'm dead Love who my hearts chosen Conquer what lies ahead., Wing night! <3, Thanks for listening Andrie!, #TheWantedInWisconsin lets welcome the boys to wisconsin :), ikr...im bout to lay it dwn myself..., Looks like you're in love? ;) ¦, which means you did something bad... what did you do Phil? Did you paint the dog with blue pain again???, All i want is to get one of those 'i love you<21' tweet from .. (; causee' I lovee himm<21 #wontgiveup #muchlove (:, My body is so sore <U+E407>, At times this season, Spurs have allowed opposition a lot of offensive rebounds. Jazz have 8 tonight and lead 43-42 with 2:56 left in half., kinda close(:, Its crazy how to tear drops make a heart., Currently in studio with --- needless to say -- she's breaking out that lesson book on you rookies!, Manning wanted to play in AFC bc he thinks easier path to SBowl? Did he forget about some guy up in NE named Tom Brady??, Mention 3rd Thursday tomorrow to your bartender to get a hour of free pool between 6-8:30pm, Le sigh... Back to reality, Have fun!, I WOULD get sick the day before I get a Keeper of the Dream award for working with Children. Fever. Sore-Throat. Stupid Nose. :(, On the same day that #stevejobs dies, so does my MacBook battery. [insert line about irony], - The only "crazy" part is that the final playoff spot will be held by a team 5 games under .500. Pretty pathetic., #FF Throw on chicken on the bone, vegetables in Aluminum wrapper w/butter, corn on Cobb and wrap potato in foil 2!, The Bridge on the River Kwai - World Premiere of Sony’s Million Dollar Restoration., Spread the word Reji Lefluer is human after all ..., lol if you really want., Imiss my babe :(, A friend wants a CMS that is *not* designed for blogging. Told him you don't have to use WP for blog, but he still thinks it's too bloggy., "...the breath holds the secret to the highest bliss. ~Alexander Lowen... plus the calmest heart & the clearest skin. ;), hey boo miss you... ready for a #Lions superbowl? Mega and me are about to show the world why we're the best duo in the NFL, please don't say thats what they said on Fox....., I know.... y'all SUCK! Can't believe y'all are all abandoning me :(, Thanks man., St Paul farmers market, Black Dog cafe, art, life is good., Got me cracking upp... They silly., White woman just told me there is no way to live a completely happy life. Damn... She just messed up my day., Is the game the reason Texas is trending in twitter?, I just might have too, It's official, I'm obsessed with Can't stop pinning., Hey art walk fans, come to the LBMA before you head up to Bixby Knolls for tonight. We have FREE admission every Friday!, ok, will do., They're gonna LOVE YOU GIRRRLLL!!! ;D, mhmhmhmhmhhm wonder how these guys can eat so frekin much?!?!?!, karmas a bitch. Come watch the #coachellalive stream with me. I can't believe I'm seeing at the drive in play right now., I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?, Set it on the ground at the driving range. Can't golf for shit. Ended up missing the ball and completely obliterating my phone., haha yeah it's unfortunate, thats why if I play I only play tables. Slots risk/reward valley is too great for my liking., I can't retweet you!!!!!! LOL, RT Some people are more hassle than their worth.......>> not you..you're worth your weight in #HASSLE !!, ...but this did not indicate more liberal social views. Gillmer examines 2 cases showing how property & inheritance laws used instead, girl u sed dat last week, DeGioia: "Georgetown's new science building to be named 'Regents Hall' ", Still pretty bummed about Junior. :(, just don't kick this one until I see it first. I prefer my puppies alive, haha she really is !just makin sure you saw her view on, nah is more muslim based, you need to see the beautiful reds, oranges and yellows of Northwest Arkansas in about 2-3 weeks should be perfect!, When life gives you lemons, tell your friend to eat them just to see their face., Got two gigs today! Word to, Groves provides personalized assistance with bathing, Happy Birthday cutie!, Alright pacers wtf, Gotta talk to you homegirl. You gotta get your boy a job, At work what up peepZ, “: My tutor gt into a car accident. Say bye bye to A1. :-(”, RT Nice 2 see great players showing respect 4 each other by exchanging jerseys after game, Stopping by the library to pick up a book on hold for my wife (I've got her card - hmm, is there a credit limit? Shhh...)., MONA MONA MONA!!!!!!, I feel like a jerk., Rhianna's S&M: the word sex is censored. Really? The whole song is about sado-masochism and the word sex is what you find objectionable?, I can't believe St. Louis didn't do everything to keep him. I'm a Cubs fan, and I'm happy he's out of the division! Go Cubs!, Sex aint bettr than love but love dnt do nuthn but cause pain, I'm not driving or I would!! I missed you too!!!!!, Just gave another community member directions & tokens to get to the rally to fight budget cuts! #dcfy13 MT, Happy B-Day, oh gosh., Hell ya tomorrows my birthday, Listen, if you are not watching #Revenge on CBS (Wednesday night 10:00pm) you are doing yourself an injustice!, it's Tim Burton :o, You're gonna have to learn the hard way., listening to #PROJECTYOLO MIX, Three....three people....three people dead and many more after watching such a stupid film!, Wait at least 48 hrs after coloring hair to shampoo it. Every time you wet hair you open the cuticle --give hair time to seal in the color!, whats happening cool! thanks for the add lets rap soon. Mich., you learn something new everyday babe, confused me. Thanks for the help, much appreciated!, Tip 3: Wealth - Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is., I think #ViolaDavis looks phenomenal rocking her #natural locks!, oh god i wish i was in fl lolol, No, my socks a dual-layer for that. Didn't work today... RT : are you double socking? Prevents blisters., A Salute to all our Military Personnel ., Guess I thought wrong : /, nice. I'm not doing that., Wow, that's crazy..., A baby raccoon was just chased out of a tree in my yard by two mockingbirds, doesn't bode well for their nest, but boy the raccoon was cute., Thanks for the RTs about our very cool House manager from, New hardwood floors can be a budget friendly addition to your re-model. Contact Select Floors today for your free in-home estimate!, How much does this 5-0-0 record effect the squad going up against RSL. Is it positive or negative mentality going into Sat?, what up tonight, The man who thinks he can and the man who thinks he can't are both right. Which one are you?, Congrats, sir! >> “: WTF?! Another audition tomorrow?! For the same spot?! #POW I <3 you & ”, Skittles are gone, ok i love him, but why is he at my house, eating my food, at 10:30 in the morning, We are now enrolling for our summer camp!, where r u located?, In Utero => In the uterus, "It is better to give someone my thoughts from the 'bottom of my heart' and NOT 'off the top of my head.'" (Robert Morris, Gateway Church), Paging -- -- you're wanted on skype!, just defined #sla2009 in Tagalus, hope I got it right!, growing up in a city doesn't equal disservice. I think that perception is just hard to take, for obvious reasons., Going to get my Yorkie!! Any names?, Hope everyone is having a wonderful day! Help spread the word about "Carnival" on the facebook! And tell a friend if you'd like too:-) RT!, Seeking a #Senior SQL DBA# with experience on architecture and maintenance of TB-sized Databases. Please contact, Game of Thrones. Aww yeah, When playing the mother on 3 1/2 men how easy/hard was it to play that character?, Today is World Cafe's flashback to 90s music. Just started here., Android batteries die out so fast....., Thank you for opening my eyes, Congrats Linda Jamsen you've won a $50 Dibbs card! Please message us with your email address and we'll forward over information!, What Version of Windows will run on the toilet and is it upgradeable?, Great night! i've been up more than 24 hours and i can't seem to fall asleep..., RT: ": Loyalty is everything to me , without it....you have nothing" <agreed>, I kinda wanna save this chick on the train from a bad date., Cool article - thanks for sharing!, just don't become a Bulldog fan. Lol!!, maybe, maybe not. You'll just have to wait and see..err smell, Major Problems Bitch. You Did'nt Now.Its Problems Bitch, I will be. Trying to figure out what to say is the hard part, but I can't let this kind of opportunity pass me by., It ain't gon do nothing but work!:-), Oh my lord I got a man he's nice lovin in every way. Love you jason, I love free ebooks! Thanks for the follow!, I love when you talk that talk 2 me yeah #Rihanna love her, tired....bout to take a power nap. birthday parties are a blast tho, so thank you and casey and hailey :), If Birdman IS involved in child porn, he needs to never play in the NBA again..., P Don Mgea GETTING RICH QUICK IS FOR LAZY PEOPLE , the misconception about fame is how it is captured, there is no proven formula but hard …, Bett, Call And Make A Appointment, Whatchu Tryna Get?, just making twitter-verse conversation, Lmao sorry. No just one is for me :), aw, omg who is that?! <3, was he drafted and couldn't come to terms or undrafted?, that's a good thing then,you'll be remembered when/if he blows :) that's a plus, Top five undergrad degrees awarded by the College of Engineering last weekend: Mechanical, Industrial, Electrical, Biomedical, Civil., If no one else called dibs on it-- it's yours!, Thinking: Why is my #TT so light, it's halftime of the #Lakers game. (Looks at the clock) oh...it's midnight., You can't post 1 Profile Pic w/ ur face in it? It's all LOGOs & LANDSCAPES & pets! Aww...how sweet! NOT, John L. Smith named head coach of Arkansas. On ESPN, Sam ... Favorite car ?, don't think so, but there needs to be!!, That must have been a grueling half mile hike! I'd check the calorie count settings ;), RT Your buddy Uly is doing geometry now. E.g., he can arrange stools and chairs at perfect angles so he can reach sharp knives., Thanks 4 doing a Q&A after the screening of Sound of My Voice. Hearing ur stories inspires me to keep writing!, Watch out Seattle dj Cyn is on her way Woowhoo, motherfucker_jones is here, AND HE IS HIGHER THAN A MOTHERFUCKIN KITE. Assistance please!, amen to that brother, Banjo time at Grand Reopening., The second installment of #BeerAndChocolate begins shortly at, Buy any watch get a grey watch and random band free Happy Cinco Cinco ! Good till midnight !, it;s never too late as long as you take four or five shots before 12, We don't want to be another number to any company or organization. Balance procedure with personal touches, a happy client feels valued., Aye DM me numbers. 1 = I want a relationship. 2 = I like you. 3 = your cute. 4 = We need to talk more. 5 = you're a good friend., but papa was adamant, since he likely saw their board, that they got the guy the rated as the second best behind trent, I used to drive a truck for an agricultural firm. During harvest the hours were long. A driver got off early (he definitely didn't like t..., Mixtape in the works...., It's official! We'll be playing at Silverton Cafe on Saturday, April 7th... Which happens to be Emma's birthday! Hope to see y'all there!, d You say tomato and I say tomahto d …What song makes you think of #Monicals?, Black matte nail polish is my new favourite. Fair game for summer though?, a monthly twitter magazine digest with a run down of the day by day relevant interactions, found in a nevada truck stop. torn out., How ironic would it be if #Peyton signs with the #Broncos today and crushes Tebow's dreams on 3:16..., Since Mark is not on Twitter or Facebook, I'm going to give a shout out to and ask her to wish him a happy 30-sexth birthday!, Good Morning Miss Tee will you DM me please I have a important question I think you can help me with :), thanks for the heads up!, haha the video of u gettin taken out by Kobe made the sports center intro!!!, i will(:, Miss you girls SO MUCH during Halloween! our time to galavant!, Done with all my exams, Hi, I was one of your stupid southern followers, whose husband served our nation in the military., Do abs like Santa Clause count? I just need some clarification., Im bout if i find a beat ": just take all the anger out on a beat lol cant go wrong there", In n Out was calling my name. So I listened. :), Really wish I didn't have 102 fever. :(, I don't have it and please stop fighting or what ever y'all r doing its not good y'all used to be friends and now what happened, Everyone I'm not a "Cover Girl so just get used to it, ;) I'm honored, Forever jamming to cute is what we aim for in my room., Unfortunately it's 's last day at Good luck in Chicago!, The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble., Our own Encyclopedia Virginia was the lead story on NBC 29 tonight great job, okay thanks. Always candid great interview no matter the topic., 3 pm Sunday is the worst time to find out that you have to memorize and deliver a speech in Chinese at 10 am Monday., sounds like a Tuesday night at Barsies, true test of character: it isnt how u are on ur best days, its how u are on ur worst days. reality tv & life lessons., dylan cutshaw. But im not worried. The ER filed a police report on that, lmao I was just thinking how we be tag teaming in the hanger lol, that bowl is huge, Please refer your followers to follow me .., Happy Birthday You Hilarious You! Hell!!!!!, out Breakfasting or cooking 'dem waffles, My cuticles are rebellious and unruly. It's a constant battle with them., I like a man who takes charge!, killed it.!!!! I was close to tears.!!!, Dontcha say (dontcha say) goodbye (goodbye), Still need an Easter basket? We have lots of gourmet chocolates, candies and other treats. Let us put together the perfect gift for you!, It's been a hot min since I been on here, Got advice on how to create added value for the company & further my intellectual talents and interests. Will definitely take this to heart!, that would b legit!ima get back to u asap bout that cuz i need to figure out if ima need a car this weekend while im at home lol, you coming to at some point today? Love to show you around!, I like players on the team it's baseball I can't deal with... Takes too long.. Not enough action.. IMO, Still buzzing from Sun Kil Moon last night...the master favored us with some of his best songs about San Francisco. Sigh!, Hope everyone is having a GREAT weekend! Posted 126 new photos for the VIP's of my website & now its time for me to go play! See ya Monday!, how are you doing, Looking forward to tonight's interview with bluegrass icon Ralph Stanley., Thought for this day: "Love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking in the same direction together." Antonne de Saint-Exupery, No work for me today x), cool well talk tomorrow im about 2 pull a all nighter!, Amazing night at !! Had a blast! Big shout to and !, We even have two floors. Maybe one can be republican themed and one can be democrat themed. haha., Back on top!, i love justin bieber with all my hearrt an soul, what's going on Sal?, thanks so much! we are super excited!, How do you politely tell someone (who sucks your time and energy) that it's no longer your problem while still saving face?, as a recent student making edtech apps, I totally agree with this!, #wordoftheday Weezer's album Maladroit, probably the worst one they released, is quite maladroit. - Thanks Mary!, You are hilarious right now. When u said, KBYE, I didn't realize u were talking to me until I got the dial tone., Don't forget to give life something that inspires today., im ballin too my ninjas, yeah its nice!, one is very strong minded & one is a straight BOSS! BOTH are very successful!, Jump around. Jump around. Happy leap month!, Why did it take me 3.5 hours NOT book a #Eurostar Paris-Cambridge trip yesterday?, Manuscript Central (scientific article review site) never fails to frustrate - here's hoping some YC team puts them out of business., Maybe I'm just hopelessly hemmed in my my own edu experience and can't imagine new ones. But for me, personal connections w profs was huge +, yeah. & it was a big trip from here to new york then canada then washington dc & then back., I know you did :), “: who of my followers is going to #AMIA2011 in Austin? Anyone?”I'll be there-stop by Iron Mtn Ent Services and say hi., MT : 60% of the weddings performed in US 2008 had no religious ceremony. This isn't about God. It's about protections & rights., Eff. Itunes just deleted every app on my ipad2 wtf apple. Itll take hours to get them back.?Ur prgrming is shit. Thats why i jailbreak, hahaha, I totally missed that one....you're a trickster., I was very sad for Sam Neil on that submarine., Have a great, safe Memorial Day, but, take a minute to remember those who gave everything so we could be free to do what we want today!, Love is a 4 letter word tht is use in the wrong ways so many times, Maya Rudolph just added 10 years when she got dressed. Maybe 20., My car is ready to be picked up. Nervous and excited. I miss my 2003 Camry., New bartender: 'On the rocks with ice?', ack! don't read the comments don't read the comments don't read the comments..., Thank you for a GREAT SHOW!!!, you're welcome!, Alphabetical order #FTW!, finally people understand corey hart. His finished line this year 25hr 26R 27rbi, Maybe WVU could win if they weren't playing against a 6th man, The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney, oh no! What happened??, We really enjoyed Lake Izac and all the fun things to do at Shenandoah Crossing! Those 3 bdrm cabins are lovely, too!, Cool! Come sat and watch me pitch! :-), i will help u out, Whats the stats on NBA Teams who win the Finals one year, and get swept in the 1st round of the following year?, Spillin while I'm sippin i encourage you to try it, Am hoping Barry Manilow will hop next door to the Lyle Lovett concert at the Fillmore for a once-in-a-lifetime duet Saturday., Just me..Wishing Everyone a Happy Tuesday :), not sure- think sociologists < convinced of "liberating" prom of tech?, Mayne why is it 3 instead of 6? I have #6 if you wanna borrow it?(: @, why yes! as a matter of fact..., Went to the new #Baltimore today. It was brilliant. Highly recommended, but not very busy. Must be the lack of advertising., Me talking to people: "Let's make artsy stuff!" from the other side of the room "Woo!", How will people survive if the USA Govt goes broke?, Huge shout to killing it ... Packed house!! rocking our sister club w/ !, furniture. have an apartment again yay, Cuddling on my couch with a good book >>, My house was freezing so I wore a jacket to the bus stop only to find its hot out, Congratulations to our Vice Chair-elect, Eric Neidle! Follow him on twitter (and encourage him to tweet)!, New song on #TheVoice! Heck yes!, About to interview before his show tonight at SPACE in Evanston. His new CD, "One Day Die," dropped 3/29. Good stuff!, how much did that cost you?, We hope we will make it there! Keep in touch and spread us around will ya'? <3, ..hope you had a great time at The Dr's!! I'm sure you were terrific (as usual) !! Can't wait to see the segment in May!, You know what's sad about moving to NY?? I won't get the chance to run into in the city...LOL :), im never on twitter :(, The kids are gettin ready for a shoot in Snoqualmie this afternoon. Hoping the rain stays away., I've been in my Halloween costume for over 24 hours., Even though you're a million miles away. When you're born in the USA. You live those glory days. So long ago., you guys need to come down to ATX. let us book a show for you!, hm never had it...ill def check it out! thanks!, Guys who have long hair when they're bald are like dogs with sweaters. its awkward, sad, weird, and should never happen., the school sent me home after 1st period, they told my dad there gonna kick me out...., #ChristianFacts Christian loves his fans so much he once went shopping with a shirt that says"I do it for my fans only" #ChristiansGirls xox, thanks Brian!, I got you to 100. You're welcome., well u gonna follow me back cuzz I can't dm u unless u do, very soon, mag is released tomorrow!, I had a dream that you were on tour, and I got to meet you at your sold out MSG show, Maybe someday my dream will become true?, Dont despair Clipper Nation, they will figure this out, thank you I hope you enjoy my pics, So it appears I forgot to put +1 down for on the twtvite. Will it be OK with a +1?, A part of me wants to watch the second half of My Week with Marilyn, but another part of me keeps thinking about the bland first half. :/, happy day to you my friend!, Data curation project w/ California digital library. #edu11 would like to hear more about this one!, Why do kids get killed cause other kids find their parents guns? Why isn't the safety on or why is it near them? #whattheshit?, #3WordsOfAdvice: Love yourself first., DELICIOUS. POP., so jealous you got to hang in the common and gardens! Hope it was a lovely trip!, My status.... She blocked me after that. hahah, 15 years and you are just figuring this out...unreal... Did I hit the nail on what you made, $1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: If you really want to do something, you will find a way, if you don't, you will find an excuse., #BandsILove We Came As Romans, no there are woods behind there, JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!22, - My favorite thing to do on vacation is eat good food, buy local and take pretty pictures!, o ok got it.....get one already, Crazy Bread is FAR sexier., Break a leg! Looking forward to reading about it!, im making deadlines for myself, #outofcontextlulz RT : "If I didn't love you, I'd strangle you in a minute." -, You think that she all yours lol that's what you think, Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Simple BBQ Sauce 4.13 / 5 Stars | 12 Reviews by Karen Bronson "The name says it all. This tasty and different sa, Shoot in the AM!, My little guy is teething and maybe an ear infection...ouch, ... speaking of 'Hack' shallow bigotry: just google umairh+old+white+men :D cc :\, Who's enjoying the show tonight w/ ? Tweet us your pictures/stories/favorite songs!, Back porch chillin, writing, BBQ, summertime playlist, Jack single-barrell: AKA, Boss shit., Big meeting tomorrow official Havnot b-nezz, Listening , to music . . cant wait to see my twin next period . . ( :, lol i am , all alone tho, Tight work, slight work., I SUPPORT CO-BRO!, #NightlockAwarenessMonth Save Panem Citizens From This Deadly Berry!!! RT, Time to hit the sack....and then maybe go to bed lol, #PromiseMe you will always #Love me, You are the most beautiful girl EVER. Words can't describe. The way you feel about Eminem is the way I feel for you<3, But... RT : Five letters, how'd you know we had a wing?!??!! Psychic!!, being real freaky on my TL lol, no bookshelf in ya crib but u gotta crazy DVD collection, Having feelings = unproductive. Is there a Botox-like substance that can freeze them out during the end of the semester?, Who would have figured Anthony Weiner WOULDN'T wind up being the Douchebag of the Week?! RT : Tracy Morgan: I Would Kill My Gay Son!, i say, ZOMG, how did you know? What gave it away?, Good game. You guys made me proud! :), UM HELLO WHY ISN'T IT THUNDERING OUT, Good Morning Columbus!, What is a male ladybug called?, true, and some of us couldn't even get tickets to the tour dates., Just watching 1978superman, its amazing how Margot Kidder from 1978 superman movie looks so much like courteney Cox today, WOW!, Remember when you got 3,000 but now 80,000, that's a lot. We're growing. Proud to be one., Q: How does ones gay marriage affect my "traditional" one? A: Its no longer your exclusive privilege, So Stricker plays with Rickie Fowler. For once Steve could wear his blaze orange hunting gear on the course & not look out of place, Im out, to tired to finish the game., Getting some fun feedback from my #altsummit post! Maybe I'll start blogging more about all of my embarrassing experiences..., Friday Night Live @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar 8:30pm Oct. 16th featuring Jesse & Andrew-Classic rock to the newest hits. Cheers!, seeing mr. smith downtown <<< with his children !, We are having a great time at oktoberfest come visit our booth its a PARTY at DealShow, Tryin to get used to tweeting, RT I think I may have to do a pop up in Hyde Park. :-) <always on some hot shit, Sometimes in life you run across the most pleasant people, and they say things and it can make your day thank you Lord I needed that, thanks for your honesty. We use eCommerce / fulfillment channels to offer mobile discounts on the inside of the box flap., Pinterest is much cooler than fantasy football (fantasy football is lame), That's what I would have said. panicked and said "Mickey's dead, and it's because of something you did." Whoops!, Hey,good(: yours?, yes, that's one of my goals is to try and play with as many as possible, Overdid the chipotle in my strawberry chipotle barbecue sauce. Ribs for dinner. Tears for dessert., Thank you to for teaching me so much about raw foods/healthy living. You inspire me daily., hmm. Oh well, i guess, oh hey ceiling, yeah i'm just gonna stare at you for a couple hours, how r u doll??, Can't wait to watch #HappilyDivorced tonight! Its always a hoot and I love to laughm #FranDrescher spread the word., We put any expansion plans on the back burner for now., A great creative #marketing agency in Atlanta is #hiring account execs. DM me if you are interested., That's pretty cool. Lots of applications for that tech I could see for online shopping. Thanks for passing that along., steven - great meeting you at #acrl2011. Good luck with everything!, Ah!!!! I love it! I'd completely forgotten about it., I am ALL FOR this: RT : LaMarcus Aldridge said he wants to open a Chik-Fil-A restaurant... "it's a big deal here.", Accidentally put my keys through the wash tonight..., Happy Thursday everyone! We will be part of the Greenwood Art walk tomorrow -stop by between 6-9pm to see some nature photography and say hi, Lmfao guess I should change my bio u know cuz I'm 14 and not 13 anymore :'), haha well i'll be home from work sometime after one...if i see it i will kill it, but i'm creeped it's gonna crawl on me D:, It's the 1 year anniversary of the day my lovely agent sold an oddball novel about true love and robots to my adorable editor. *Fireworks!*, Hey Thanks!! I had a blast doing the Wendy Williams Show! - Thanks for the mention! The Storm xoxox, didn't even know you were in g'boro. Hope you had a good time., Dexter tonight!!! Can you feel the excitement!, The cafe fighter is here. It's getting good, why are you nervous??, Looking at office space in Reston, Va for GeoLaw P.C, 's current favorite song "One More" by Superchick on their " Rock What You Got" album...you should check it out!, Happy Wednesday! Half way to the weekend! :), At the Sheraton lobby bar (in Phoenix to give keynote tomorrow morn). Join me now for a beverage and library talk?, My mom is happiest when there is peace within her family., A1: That someone has to want treatment for treatment to work., And so has my childhood...sigh. ": Adam Yauch of the Beatsie Boys has died at the age of 47.", I actually originally thought I might just start accepting beat submissions and forward anything interesting to Chris., “Nothing says Totally Tools like a platypus in a fedora!”, Judging feels good to us. We temporarily forget our own failings as we focus on the faults of others: James Bryan Smith, Thunder and rain, it has arrived. Thank you Jess and everyone who was present tonight. I hope y'all come back to see us again., OMG! Only 3 days of DJWNoName on and I can't take anymore! Sorry , but its back 2 Alt Nation til is on!, I appreciate the RT, Theres only one head bitch...ME!!!, well let me know. If its during your freshman year of college ill have my own apt but next year I'm in a bigger room with a, Gigi is singing for me "Faithfully" she says she would only do this for me..., MAHOMIES LET'S TREND #HackedbyMamaMahone FOR :) NOW!!!!!!!, Have you ever thought you had forgiven someone, but deep in your heart you knew you hadn't?, It doesn't matter if Colton Dixon wins or not. He is already a star., These lips can't wait to taste your skin, from my closet i can tell you boogie nights in on and it just started. haha #knowyourmarkiemarkmovies or at least their soundtrack, Tomorrow night Dr. Marbut kicks, hey, hey hey, no he's talking about homeless in #Clearwater. Details coming on the board after dinner., They are not different., Does that mean u guys are gonna use reusable bags? Whoa! American style!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, That awkward moment when you get unfollowed by one of your favorite people, unbeknownst to them obviously., #thatawkwardmoment when announces hes still single.....but youre clearly dating him...., NEWSFLASH! A clean car makes for a happier person that drives it! Just Saying..., If a #Skyrim player wants to really impress me, they'll train one of those dragons and form a traveling circus, Thanks guys. I'm glad I could help out., I've been playing Mad Gab for 6 months... I would CRUSH people in that game...., how are you ? im suprised you didnt say "E" lol, Brittany Griner is my hero (Baylor covered the spread handsomely) #gambling degenerate, USA! USA! USA!, I feel like I haven't been to school in weeks, fuck that place real shit., RT : woot! Feel like this is a #2to1Conf reunion :), This lady is speaking but I don't think she is telling the truth... Last year was so much better, something just not right about people talking on the phone while using a public restroom., Aw, we love you to<3, I swear there are aspects of my job that make me want to go to law school just so I have the authority to tell people they are f'ing wrong!, holy close up on and !, Shana Tova and a Happy New Year =) www.TheSlidersMusic.com, "Straight Man is a wonderfully satisfying novel. “, RT : Teaparty forces Sen. Hatch into primary contest. Hatch is no moderate so another example of Republican..., everything good. Had a turkey at my sisters crib. How was your thanksgiving day?, the limited, Looking forward to dinner and drinks tonight!, I knew those were an Odessa thing the minute I saw them, so it's so cool to hear that she loved them too!, Not yet - but we are gearing up to start printing private label stuff! Stay tuned., have to pee when I am laying down?, god I have an awkward nose ., Tbh, I am hella scared for junior year x(, Congrats - if only I could deliver in person! Any ideas on a charity or student group that you'll help with your $100 winnings?, #impracticaljokers are hilarious! I'm dyin!!!!, beer curation winding down yet? There's still some mellow fun to be had at B&O!, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Teleconference and Webcast, We are not dead. Just busy. Love., i'm sure we did. enjoyed reading your interview. (though i finish reading every book i start.), any chance you aren't too busy Wed July 20th and wanna help us out by being on our show for a pilot episode taping?, it's difficult.. Well my 1000th tweet is coming up it's definitely going out to and <U+E327>, Thanks doll! // RT : Follow to dress and undress ;) V I X E N, “: Don't you mean your NATNISS braid?” hahahhahahhahahahahahahhaha yes! HahahahHhHhh, Yes please DM us!, who who?, The 2016 election is going to be about two things - going back to the past or going forward into the 21st Century -, The #Cavs are just lulling the rest of the #NBA into a false sense of security., if heavy social use than should assessments also be social - isint that what you taught - problem solving through social resources, Titanic with the family<3, #WeirdFactAboutMe When Im Bored I Talk in A British Accent :p, We're talking about extended family & #specialneeds at www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!, Not yet. I'm thinking of doing Almost Easy either today or tomorrow., love it!, Rome Police Officer honored for actions in September stabbing death - WKTV, Working on a cover of 'The Lazy Song' by Bruno Mars! It's gonna make you not wanna do anything..., RT : "Hey, this is pretty boring, I'm going to call a Technical!", Getting back in the swing of things after holiday finally. Yourself?, hey have a good wknd?, Nice running, Starks, to seal the deal!! Whew!!, Dear whores, your boobs are supposed to be INSIDE your shirt. Not OUT., what does vht stand for?, 3 hour nap is no bueno for tonight., I looked at your trailer, it looks good, when does it come out, who wrote it? I can't wait until I create something good also, “: Do I have a V.I.P. seat at Isiah Carey Day?? I will bring the Pringles.” He got the fever for da flava!, I move away and my yearbook budd forgets bout me:''( sad sad, missed u more!, I don't wanna rush things., Listening to six brand-new, freshly-mastered LHW songs., how r ya 2day?, odd jobs around my neighborhood. Text me., Is it just me, or does Steve Martin appear to be the most well-adjusted (or should that be best-adjusted?) entertainer on the planet?, Thank you., Loved the idea of a mansion for every state. Hated the idea of a dolphin embassy (seriously)., Polly tried to eat a dried earthworm the other day. Blech!, that does sound good, but i think i have plans around dinner time. text you if i'm out later? sushi soon tho., You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. ~Wayne Gretzky, Not all my fault.., hahahahahahaha whats that kids name thats terrible and lives in cali lol numskull go go quick haha im so mean rap is bad, Dave Obey says Democrats not being united in recall efforts against Walker "would be equivalent of a suicide pact.", Everyone's this is hardcore tweets is making me most jealous., I would love to chat more about the business you have - Something we are very interested in!, BofA planning more job cuts: WSJ, Can you believe Barack Obama wants credit for shooting someone in the face? Dick Cheney deserves the credit. Duh., I think those little white hankies that the fans are waving are surrender flags., I'm tired of people saying I look lie someone.. That shit is so annoying, I JUST WONDER WAS IT ENOUGH., Good morning world. PC4PC???, lol ok I will, aww!!!! Coco is so cute!! What kind of dog is she??, Derby Street Greyhound Racing Tri Super carryover at present appears at $19,298.00 and growing!, And a Happy April Fools to everyone! We've been looking at googlemaps in 8-bit and WestJet's kid-free cabins here. Any favourites so far?, ap world test is in 10 days, i think i'll continue to do nothing in preparation for it this week, I didn't realize it was already 1 a.m. Welp, goodnight!, I got cho protein right here., thanks alot. i appreciate it, Please learn how to use email And STOP hitting reply ALL. I have gotten 20 emails in the last hour that have nothing to do with me, Disappointing game by the pats yesterday, too bad they didnt have enough game on their shoulders, Welcome to new followers. Looking forward to growing this medium together!, Good night all!, Copy/pasted from a text. I'll let her know you don't like her spelling., Company Profile for InRule Technology, Inc., the West Hollywood store on Beverly, Aw, thanks DK. I shook the cranky vibes when I left work. All good now :), big ass kid, In a relationship it's mandatory for me to have sex several times a week., Thinking about going back to sleep *yawn*. Want to play tennis w friends later hopefully before it starts raining., we'll be there asap buddy!, When I lose internet connection: 2% Waits patiently. 98% Raping the refresh button 1,000 time!, #FOLLOWnGAIN as many followers is a follower could follow ;), Thanks for the follow, and for sponsoring NPR all these years., attend what? Lol., Check out our Tweet chat with Ypulse! I'm on right now., Hotel-as-office is never a good look. Just one step above Starbucks., i just wish Princeton would never stop spreading the peae!!! he really is an inspiration i swear, Thanks for the RT!, Thank you! I have so much fun working on the show., these services are good but not innovative. Timing is right and social data is available. Classic case of better late than early, same here but im moving to la this summer so help but im going to be a singer, that's a good plan... However, that doesn't help!! Lol, I<U+FFFD>ve learned that things change, people change, and it doesn<U+FFFD>t mean you forget the past or try to cover it up, Holy crap, #CougarTown. Way to go for the throat., ... DUDE. YOU'RE SUCH A FUCKING TEASE., some people who cannot make it in the morning are wondering if the A.D. black history month presentation will take all SRT, #NW Poetic Justice (:, So The Movie Jumping The Broom Os Amazing ((:, Timing to get the bicycle ready, I Love You, Why Can't You See That?</3, yes I do and don't let anyone tell you different either :), Hello Zayd, yes we are near New York City. Where are you little rider?, Latest buzz for Red Robin: - RT Red Robin!!! Yum!!, Nice catching up with you in Cincy. Hope all remains well., Them: You dont like her? Me: Naw I hate that hoe! lmao, Thx, but is the group really single mom/dad with kid(s) or just households sans kids?, but didn't Atlanta win the championship yesterday? They had nice, colorful streamers!!, Sometimes I call my dog Dugatha Christie. Is that gay?, well i know a lot of people missed you at Prom...I hope you are doing better!, why hate book is called #hatebook "marketing communications environment provides context for marketing communications to take place", Half day of treating patients in the OR. Going to pickup Illy coffee at, Imprenta Communications tearing it up at the #Pollies12! I've counted at least 7 Pollies so far. Congrats to Ron Wong and crew., #twitter updates take time to propagate. Does periodically #cache results for faster serving, shortly delaying new content?, im just sayin, you should have let her have it, Adele owns the night!!, What TV show would you MOST want to be on?, Yes! I should be easy to find on Saturday at our #StartupLife Celebration. See you there!, 1,000 followers. SCORE! Thanks y'all!, Happy Mother's day! Come and enjoy a glass of bubbles and stawberries, shop and save 20% on our collection. Baci Boutique 279 Mott.str.NYC, I imagine there would be a lot of bickering in that house hahaha., congrats on the new baby boy!!, Last day at AAJ for my work BFF and last day in DC for my roommate/life BFF Tis a sad sad day for me., Macs are far superior for graphics :), Well......isn't that what ur doing right now? :), battle royale was dope too, but I read this shit a few years ago and for me it's upto par, because it doesn't exist. :), fun filled weekend at the Circus in the Park and the Ravenswood Community Services Fundraiser!, Best of luck to you!! Thanks again for using ShowClix :), lets find some pads and helmets and i'll watch the one on ones between you guys lol, Have fun today! RT State Finals! Come and see us!, 60's and beautiful this weekend. Who has plans and where?, El golf wang, ": In an increasingly noisy world, silence and solitude is the solace needed to think with clarity and purpose.", welcome home, Dom, Now you need to make sure you introduce him to me so we can make sure he protects new deal....BD, 22 people, if I just counted right..., Pirates without curfews, our favorite kind!, I’m usually absurdly compliant, prob the only teen ever to ask for a curfew (tired of not knowing what “too late” meant)., "Call Me Maybe" so we can go "Round and Round", Cause i at hot and pretty and a real grown women. And da Best part i have no kids Aww Shit now lol, ohh lucky why so early!??! Im hungary :( lol.:-), Thanks for the shout out!, hurry up and get that song out there already, jeeze! We're waiting! =], If you are in the wrong hole - Stop digging!!!!, First day at my desk to do just do general work in ages. Lots to catch up on., sent u a txt I can type more in a txt, heading to #caa2012 with two papers. coins, ancient world, and #lodlam!, Ball doesn't lie. Way to go #detroitlions nice INT, Been home alone all day!! Feels like solitary confinement!! Lol, Jackson Hole? West Jellystone?, So handsome! Happy Easter to you and your family., i really despise this heat!!, To quote the fantastic 'Stop finding footage already.', Lol i agree. RT : I always thought Papa Smurf had traits inherent to a cult leader, I appreciate you listing us under the category of "sports without bases," any feedback we get helps us do better, thanks again, "In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins-not through strength but by perseverance." -H. Jackson Brown, Love 5 Guys Burgers., I'm waiting for banks to start charging for suckers., going to 's house then CHURCH!!!!, #IfGiaWasMyWife well ya know it's going down! #LesbiHonest <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, don't watch the angels ones from 5. And April was out well before me!, if I had to choose between the sun or you , I'd be one nocturnal sun of a gun ;), Radwanska tops Sharapova for title at Sony Ericsson, Have both #Purdue and #IndianaUniveristy ever lost a home game on the same night before? I'd be surprised if they have..., thank you Larry!!!, Honestly don't know what I would do without my friends and family <3, oh that comment. .udk him?, - 2007 Miami Heat, Any females with sexy halloween costumes??? I need a few of yall for the video June 2nd in charlotte. MTV MTVJAMS MTV2 FUSE. DM me!, Yes! Mexican food and the Sonoran desert are the two things I've missed most living in NYC., lmfaoo oww mine is black with abs and so sexy lmfao, Why is the bar so empty? Oh, wait., You're not a fool for being fooled, only if you accept it., think of anymore right now, God made wrist for the SWASS watch..., Instead of "what are you thinking?", microbloggers should ask, "So what are you REALLY thinking? Next day: "What WERE you THINKING!", Everything is going well for me, trying to figure out my next step Post-JRP program. Looking for a growth position in marketing., Oh woah, just saw my first real city rat in San Fran!! He ran right next to me!!! Ah!!!!!!!!! :O, The International Poker Rules consist of 81 technical rules, policies & procedures that are fully modifiable. Visit www.fidpa.com, Group 3, Culture: open source art, connect cultural enclaves, new histories, & find resources for freelancers thru social media, Busy girl! RT : Just came up & it's next week & have full load. #remodeling 3 bathrooms beginning., What the hell is going on? Honestly?, Thanks Facebook for removing the "reviews" app so people can't leave reviews anymore. That was great while it lasted., Sitting under the dryer with ma rollers on cooking my hair for prom! FABULOUS!, Goodbye, blue sky, If it means I get to eat those adorable cupcake pops…I'm in!, Up can't sleep and I have to be up ina couple hours ugh should of just went to tthe Club, making money online, check it out- www.ebookviralincome.com Internet pros only!, Other risk factors for Type II Diabetes are elevated triglyceride, low HDL, and high blood pressure, Congratulations!! You're 1 of the "Follow us on Twitter to Enter 10 mins early" .. Tweet us when you arrive., Dinner at Jack Stack BBQ...The best way to end a great day of filming., cool! i didn't get to see the presses, alas, but there's always next year!, Deanna Marcum: MARC is not suitable for the web environment. Let's fix that first and then do other things., she supa wrong fa dat she far from wifey, I can't go my bands playing/:, #kirstiesjobfair, award-winning jazz/funk/latin musician avail to work weddings, special events in So Cal, <<<<<<< crying out for attention and not being heard., Looking forward to the Restaurant EXPO next week at the Merchandise MArt. May 10th! 3,000 people!! YAY!, Sounds Good.(: lol, RT : Our monthly Mega Networking Event is tomorrow at Johnnys!, thats right! So your still coming for sure? :) and pfft. Okay? How about outstanding?!, what do you do? How would you like to be involved?, If you don't like how I live,step away from the fence,stop craning your neck to see what's on the other side,and focus on livin ur own life, YES! Like for serious, when we get back from tour., you think you're cool because you talked to a girl yesterday?!, My bf ex's is such an attention whore ! I can't stand that !, Good Morning :), Your national audience is getting a taste of why the UK-U of L rivalry is stronger, more bitter, and just better than Duke-UNC., awkard racist vid in history with like 70% of Somalians in our class #op<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>, We are on the same page with the bed thing., #whereuat? tonite RESERVE LOUNGE 723 main st houston,tx follow, **RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see 's Ian Anderson at on 9/18!, so the hot, terrible chick (Marnie) from 'Girls' is Brian Williams of NBC Nightly News' daughter. This has probably been discussed already., so was he a rich person on tv dividing people all those years he loudly proclaimed he was a Republican?, Do you have a favorite bible verse?, BLOWN AWAY, um yeah I made the connection eventually. Great group., Love it!!!": lol my god. Here. Take my college fund.", 101 Things to Do in Burnaby and New Westminster (2012 Edition), Check out the newest warmer and scent! Gotta see them all! Scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances!, I am in love with 's newest album Modern Love. If you haven't checked it out you should!, Know why Santorum's been undercounted in exit polls, Chuck? People know they should be embarrassed that they're supporting him., Many thanks to Action Imaging Group for taking the initiative to print thousands of fliers today. -Steve, Off to the city for a private reading., Chinese guy at the leg press: you don't own the machine until after your 150 sets are finished. LET SOMEONE ELSE USE THE MACHINE., be interesting by being interested, #Zambrano to the #Marlins.... Great cant wait for the ass whoopin the #Cubs will get in S.Florida now!!, Psyched for #Bamboozle. It's gonna be unreal. Can't wait to see, do it “: Do it RT Free Beer at Emo's all night! No cover. Do it. #Sxsw”, Its a beautiful thing to have in the city RT I wish I had a stoop....., is watching Dancing with the stars !!!!! Go, Like the Red Sox Alley Page on Facebook #redsox and follow, Got my new toms asdfghjkl, have a nice day Ariana! :] love you :*, Sadistic move of the day: watching the play without Rose or Noah. Here's to hoping., had whitefish at Sable's earlier in the week. It was heavenly., im hungry, oh shit! Is that red-rageous flavor I see? That's almost as crazy as eating steak at waffle house! Or a salad at Krispy Kreme!, Please, please PLEASE do so. Wealth and privilege creates bigger bubbles than tech. Just look at Romney. Just tell me how to help., Hello great people Big red ball on Sat Noght at 11/ Whitey street Hartford ct jazz and blues 2/11/12, Thankful for what I have You should be too, OH HEY THERE., Ihave to freaking babysitt and do other stuff!! ugghhhhh but i get money so yay haha after christmas would be perfect!!?!, All this praise for"I'm for it" is like some guy sayin you should have 32lbs.of air pressure in your tires No braina bs, Happy #FF to my new followers, Facebook IPO set for Norwegian Independence Day, May 17, Are you seeing any #Snow where you are?, we're still friends because we both like collision course... Linkin park and jayZ my friend., can help you out! check out our website. www.stardesignsa.com, That is too precious! Looks they've bonded just fine, I'm happy for you all :-), Are you looking to treat an autoimmune condition with the parasites? I'm a believer that could work., Holy crap, Walking Dead is the BEST show on TV. Amazing developments on tonight's show. WOW. Dale now Shane. No one is safe., "Bye, Bye, Bye" music video is playing on MTV. Love a good throwback. 's giggle gets me every time., I can't wait until Christmas, Ah, the sweet smell of clammy-handed adolescence! Davidoff Cool Water, consider recording audio? I thought of opening remarks as (like diss intro, but even fresher) snapshot of what u think 1/2, HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I LOVE YOU!!, No, same., R U ready, Dell Talks 13G PowerEdge Servers as 12th Generation Hits Market, happy v day beautiful, #SOTU...are you watching?, Kendall, you're the only one that rocks my world! Follow me please? :), that's could work!, For once, I'm not afraid to say I have no idea what to do now..., Say it IS so, Braunie!, I am so blessed life can't get any better than this., Breakroom bound to drink beers with Billy, Tommy, Danny & whoever else at the station is interested., Headache like usual! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>, Doesn't Peyton deserve more respect from the Colts than he's getting?, Feening for some Korean bbq! Kimchi bitches!, uhh....guess they are engaged again. Love for life back on!, puts the love in his last name. Congrats, sir., We appreciate our recent client referrals for guitar lessons & piano lessons. www.hansonmusicstudios.com, Yeah the offense should always been run thru Gasol and Randolph, I hate when they go away from that, is such a nice person!! My thoughts about celebs and their attitudes has totally changed!! <33, And the Commondorks, I mean Commonwhores, I mean.... You know what, doesn't matter. Cats win!, Last tweet should have said on site, not sure. We apologize for the lack of intelligence. And we blame beer..., He can have the $2 tax if he really wants it. Might get a pack of gum and a soda for his secretary., Looking for a great Hoffmann for our March 2 show. Have any ideas?, Thankful for an awesome lady named ! I don't know what I would do without her sometimes., great! a lil rainy on Oahu but its warm rain which makes for a fun bike ride :) howzit with u?, My old girls fucked my trust up, Anyone know if the make Fine China Sporks?, If you want to sound really cool, talk or sing about the stratosphere in an aggressive tone., ur sick? So am I!! I NEVER get sick..., Ain't nothing like spending the holidays in the south. . . Jus sayin., I completely agree. What amazing thing can you do?, I Love my bestfriend More <3 We Got Each Others Backs No Matter What BFFL :), Just watched you 2 performances on THE ROYCE GLAMOUR SHOW. Great job LIL BRO. Congrads on ya TROPHY, Im to Attachedd.., como dude i'll put an x after every tweet ! Haha, Is it weird that I have both a banana and a microphone in my pocket?, as a Yankee fan that Tweet hurt., These females be #slowboppin like crazy but then wanna be in the "#wifeymaterial" category. No, that doesn't work, No to coonhounds. They howl. I've already got a cat that howls., So long World Wide...nice knowing you., I know some of yall hos like real freaky shit, like bein tied up wit yall legs behind your head while hamsters an gerbils is runnin around, Blessed to see this day up bout to start my day and enjoy it, IU is 6-0, who's gonna come catch tomorrows game here vs NC State?, When spotting up on opposite wing & ur teammate drives baseline, flatten out to ur baseline corner to make for easy pass & shot., Last time the Bordo's where brought out i was surrounded by loved ones. Its only fitting as I watch kansas beast and fix myself a plate.., I know there are a few similar solutions, and something like this will likely be my next universal remote., then start talking during games hah, Watching Switched by birth !!!!!!!!, I'm also a fan of this new Twitter app. I may start tweeting a bit more now., Have a good day, Stu! :), Wtf is this Cheddar's that just popped up in Avon?!, sure! following u now.., Play the game, beat the game, change the game., i saw the one pick...better your head than your nose! see you 2nite, "Enlightened trial and error succeeds over the planning of the lone genius" - P. Skillman, IDEO., it's ugly lol I look pissed, im so glad i dont have to see her face / Ass any more, Hey gorgeous lady, where you planning on attending Miss USA in vegas jun 3rd at all? I am dieing to go!! <3, TRAFFIC: Slippery stretches reported throughout the Dane County area, Nova eyelash extensions , flirty eyelashes last up to 3 months tweet for discounts, I just want it to die, As a kid I was hit in the face by a pitch thrown from a Texas Ranger baseball player (forget who) at a picnic., road tripping with a 4 month old will be an interesting experience. Countdown to Florida has started!, Get our daily specials today @ www.havanany.com/specials/, Do people actually like the brownies on the edge? I just put up with them to get to the ones that wouldn't shatter my teeth., yeah I can't...but if i could, I wouldn't!!!!, Thank you, Sarah! And nice to see you briefly last week!, More wins for Vancouver USA - State Girls BB Champs! #Prairie & #Skyview!, Cher Lloyd is epic. HELL YEAH, SHE IS! <3, Thanks for reading!, Did you see the #2pac hologram performance at Coachella??? All I have to say is, very very very very very interesting. #2pacBack?, well see what we can do for you on the next giveaway, I'm feeling better about the thunder against lakers....no answer 4 Westbrook, Will you ever come to Antarctica? <3 ;), I think this article confuses shyness and introversion to some extent. I do agree with a lot of what it says though., RT ": Cee Lo green can't be serious" he is wearing a glittery dress..., Need to change a class or build a schedule? Use the Registrar's college scheduler app in the student center to help, You're welcome. is a very fine poet (and I #DoNotSayTheseThingsLightly), yay, you! I slacked the last couple days but will get back on track today. I hope..., I feel ya on the commute shoes but even commute shoes should look nice., you coming to the SOLID crawfish boil this afternoon?, 61 followers .. mhm .. How can I get more? Any ideas ?, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> wish I knew you better, I'm bored by their date...., Despite all my rage, I am still just a rat in a cage, did you see frapp happy hour starts Fri?! Made me think of our Starbs runs this time last year!, pandora, doing this packet !, Grl I can get you wetter than a pool Hotter than the sun have you love dumb lookin silly as a fool, Started watching this movie for my english class and passed out only 30 minutes into it... woops., Thanks! Have a wonderful weekend!, #HarryConnickJr will be at Wolf Trap Park on June 15th!, : How did you score this interview with ?, hey kim peach here yea twitter is playing games now CB dont follow me no more im sad :(, Wow. Dump me then like my best friend? Whatever. Fml., #Pens Keep. The. Lead., I need some trippy visions 2day i think, up early time to work on this song im gonna send to make it on this Based AllStars, I remain faithful , when all is said and done they will be in the playoffs., 5 more days , watch this be the longest 5 days of the entire school year, Just applied as an Apparel Industry Product Specialist for a Swimwear Company in Los Angeles., you already know!, Its it!!!!!!! RT : Hanging out wIth my long time boy drinks and music is a great combo!, help us get to 500 followers!! we are 5 tweeps away!, watching live footage of #coachella. Kid can dream., #1DTOURUSA June 2nd Allstate Sect 103 row bb seat 12 Are you the jealous type, if so why?, yes! the new one should work. don't know how that happened., The book is fantastic, and due out in mid- to late-May! Thx to Dawn for the excellent Foreword!, Is it crazy that I think resting is fun?, Great job tonight ! A perfect 100 is nothing short of incredible., RT : Seeking on-location lifestyles #photographer in #Sacramento/foothills area. Pls forward recommendations. Thx!, May be a trademark violation RT : hope you're getting a cut of that., i diggin the Sanchez girl on AI, thanks for being an awesome big sis to Chase!, (stefon crying) omg one low price and double the order, that's 2 traveling toilets for the price of 1. I can't no....wait that's remarkable., HAHA THAT WAS TOO FUNNY. MY MOM IS HILAAAAAR, I'm ugly., What is everyone's expected outcome of the LOTR decision?, hello baby, related to 1 of bananas RT far at McCarthey Arena spotted have been four bananas, super man and a bunny rabbit., Did you see my reply to you about cranberries for urinary health?, That would explain the previously inexplicable contract extension., Swear I'm over working retail!!! I need a sugar daddy to pay my bills hahaha, Just heard on stuff you should know that <1% of the lottery goes to K-12 education..., Internet for Knicks. either someone in US : The Original Madison Square Garden @ Premium?, LET'S GO CAPITALS. Game 6. Win or the season is over., I got A1 Everything!!, Time to start getting ready for school. I really dont feel like going at all., It's longer later at the lowest highest point., finishing leg 25. Everyone except has one leg left to run., What are your Friday night plans? Me: Movie, dinner & fireplace w/ my husband...it's supposed to be in the high 30's tonight!!, the draft is coming up and the NBA playoffs are about to start. When July comes, you'll probably go crazy lol., I'm more concerned about out team names than our lineups, Agreed.. Strategy got left by the wayside there., not, leaving to key west in 3 hours! :), hey hey. Shakes dreads, just sent you a message via f/b too, of what? im not 21, i cant drink yet bro, come on now smh, Anyone have the over/under on how many Mayors Sunland Park #NM will go through this year?, A new SHAQ in Purple and Gold! RT Just committed to the UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON, I love myself better than anyone else., If, as #Protestant #theology teaches: "faith never reflects on itself, but depends completely on #God," what then is the use of #Evangelism?, Just realized I have been doing schoolwork for the last 8 hours. Need to eat--sushi sounds good., Do you think Tom Barrett could handle getting his butt kicked by again... All the #wiunion money in the world couldn't help him, dude. im sick now! my throat is killing me, There's something humbling about listening to Radiohead's 'Kid A' album while the sun is rising, Thank Y for the radio talk show on your new book. Great to hear your voice. We should all be skeptics of society! Great Show!, she's black and has color contacts, you know that's happening!, ah I hope so !!, hopefully there will be a creepy pool sex scene, Rip Hamilton is on the #Bulls? Who knew?, You continue to screw me over., Going to start a Red Cross Club at UTEP. Need volunteers!, Wake me up when September ends -Green Day, If you retweet the same person over and over again I'm going to unfollow you and follow them., ayo i need my follows up so get with it if i am following u follow back.., your dance moves are incredible, because I always with you. Duh, yea im good today at work now, tryin to go see the avengers tonight yall down?, tired but on the verge of greatness everyday. Im doing a lot of traveling and getting interviews with lots of musicians! U?, Miles of DISD: Hence...We need our teachers to get results in classroom. Not who shows up to the basketball game, brings cookies., Knock knock..., Congrats! RT : We've been ranked one of the Fastest Growing Companies in Oregon for 2012!, that would be so nice, Bruce Willis, Ashley Simpson and Kimora Lee Simmons graced with their presence during my performance @ the beverly hills hotel., thanks, Sam! Enjoy your weekend!, *blame it on da #goose* lol I do. *shrugs*, Happy Holidays To All!, Very cool. congrats! RT Brown Advertising Opens New Winston-Salem, NC Office and Hires Account Executive:, Anyone know whats going in with brodius clay?, Brandon - Impossible to verify All his moves., Anyone else having problems connecting to Facebook?, Ole Ole O, LOL Triple H (Paul Levesque) returned, too. I want Triple H vs. Paul Bearer vs. Paul Heyman in a Paul on a Pole Match., any chance you & will be doing any #perma songs on the tour? Or just in Atlanta!?..., you not the only one, Okay, Chicago, it's TEN degrees warmer there than it is here. I'm impressed., Goodnight. This better be some of the best 5 hours of sleep ever., yes, yes. Very excited. Thank you., bought a bus pass today for school. the cashier was a huge DIP NUT, uncool, to assume i can't pay for a $10 bus pass., Oh haha well my phone was broken all day! Resend it!, who, go #Yankees lol, Only if Aidan is there., lost 2 followers..i know who you are, so your loss bby, sounds like a plan. Miss ya too!, Yay for women in NYTBR whose opintions I so enjoy reading/hearing! MT joining us as our newest editor. Huzzah!, Cobra starship, lmfao, and one direction are the shit, Not to be gay but justin beiber is good to. Guys say he's not cause they jellyfish xD, both!! Helps because the artists has access to millions of ppl. hurts cause the market is now flooded!!, lmao as long as I go out with a bang, Alan, as it has rained at least 70% of all of the times that I have been to England isn't it wet everywhere?, My daughter running in with excitement to show us her seeds have sprouted. Flowers, beans? We forgot. But still exciting., Especially when content is undefined when design begins and it has to be designed twice., A Wired Waffle will give you the energy and motivation you need!, thinking of turkey today, Duh?!?! Lol RT “: Wtf... so I'm the crazy one for not knowing the Houston rodeo is a big deal?, But you love me!(;, Got 3 of my 4 Conversation Prism posters today..Looking forward to framing and hanging in my office :), Ancient lovers believed that a kiss would unite their souls because the spirit was said to carried on one's breath., Finished the audio book version of "Start with Why" last night. Great way to attack your corporate Marketing challenges., I'm 18 as well., #thingsthataresexy need i say more ;) love them, just finished rebuilding the booth... yall know whats next!!!!, Omg ! My best friend Elaine , is gunna join PACE ! :D Yayyyy!, Thanks, Jesse! Bret, it would really nice if you would noticed me!, And we're off to the Dells, omg, I'm so hawt, “We’re born naked and the rest is drag.” — RuPaul (b. 1960), drag diva., Oh - so Iceland was a stopover. What part of Paris you in, and do you think you will go into a FNAC?, I see u all over my news feed or twitter feed or wateva its called lol calmm downn, Great luck with that!, Thank you for your service. The school and your mentee, in particular, benefit greatly., are you going to this Saturday? If you RT #chillorlando you can win FREE tix!, Line for the men's bathroom, "it's my body, I do what I want!", Good morning, Jay!!! Happy Monday!, In love with life. Day after day I need to tell myself to be consciously grateful. reminds me too., Loving the love from battle - we won our round! We can't attend (busy busy) but it was great to get in there..., I got hacked. DO NOT open any links from me. Changed my password. Damn those hackers..., “: Hey guys. You can help today! Use #MKETwestivalCares & they get $1/tweet from !”, merry christmas kendall i hope you read this and anwer or RT me please !! :(, What makes a male sexually attractive to a female?, "if it's not keeping you up nights, then what's the point?" decent motto for all important decisions., Not sure exactly when, probably will be getting it today, Besides watching paint dry are there many things more boring than watching Joe Johnson dribble for18 seconds then hoisting up a shot??, Play some LMFAO!, Creating a brand name with Linked In and Twitter, Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there! Especially to the few I've made out with. <3, I'm 20 feet away from , and he has no idea I'm staring right at him. :), Leaders are people who know exactly who they are. They know exactly where they want to go. They're hell-bent on getting there., Feel free to tweet me as much as you want now, I'm not gonna reply because this argument was dead hours ago. Bye now., i was responding to your judge judy comment, i thought that was a court show, not profiling lives of inmates?, Came to dance, came to play, (living that disco life) :D, It's time for you to give me a little bit of lovin'(<U+3055><U+3041><U+3061><U+3087><U+3063><U+3068><U+306F><U+3042><U+306A><U+305F><U+306E><U+611B><U+3092><U+3061><U+3087><U+3046><U+3060><U+3044>)Baby, hold me tight and do what I tell you!(<U+30D9><U+30A4><U+30D3>—<U+62B1><U+304D><U+3057><U+3081><U+3066><U+79C1><U+304C><U+8A00><U+3046><U+3088><U+3046><U+306B>!), #uknoyoughettowhen you say, As a fellow spectacle wearer, you must be crazy if you think I'm letting go of my man Gregg., the game fell off bad! It's not the same!, And if I do say so myself, I look pretty damn good as a redhead. Better than blonde, at least, DO NOT RETWEET THIS TWEET!, Where the fuck is my taxi. Yo, didn't I say 7pm almost 3 hours ago when I booked it?, Darling,i love you more than you can imagine ! i love you i'm fine and you?, Ugh my hair is too long, attending crystal moll art opening in silo point., S/O to my new follower !!, Buy an Internet Radio Player by mulberry1, We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Florida!, The madness starts early on this day in Indy., no that's you, You should come chill with me :)), hahahha cant believe a frog just jumped in our house and our cat flew across the room like a bat out of hell and hubby rescued from cat :))), Three blind dogs. Three fast cars. - Justin C. from Holy Cross, Someday somebody's gonna make you wanna turn around and say goodbye!, Mhmmm.I should've tweeted you earlier.lolol.Maybe he'll still be here tomorrow,just chilling,and we can like go meet him., Hi Brett! Welcome to the club. You should join the live tweeting. I quit DVR'ing bc it's so fun., Livetweeting CFPB acting chief Raj Date's presser at the Cleveland City Club, welcome to the Cowboys schedule every year, - is not going to RT our comments, only the fawning ones...He shoots, scores & ignores, 50% is not bad at all in this situation., Our HR department keeps the clip art makers in business., Recording bass & guitar tutorials on Ustream.tv, When are you announcing the Lumia 900 winners?, SAN DIEGO: Did y'all see the business section of the today featuring mixologist Frankie Thaheld of George's at the Cove, :))))RT“: Thank YOU and for having the guts to tackle sensitive topics with intelligence and compassion.”, My Quote of the Day - "This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.", Neil Armstrong, Devils up 2 - 0! On an awesome 1 timer., then well go next weekend, If you ask me to hold your drink, I will drink it., So glad to hear! YAY Lola! :), Butterflies can’t see their wings. They can't see how beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that., A dog in distress often indicates a problem that may need immediate attention....., Im Good At Pretending I Dont Care.., Sorry. Watching Mildred Pierce. Lots of chapeaus here that look like gash. I'm not altogether opposed., Well Atleast How High Is On, So I'm Kinda Happy :), Ill give these hoes nightmares!, It won't be too thick to drink with a straw by then., I hope you never get Santa back <U+E40D>lololol, Girls say I'm to nice, Thanks for the RT, thanks bet, Not sure if people are unfollowing me or all the spam accounts are being shut down, "A seat at the table" and "two-way conversations" are important to the success of ERM URMIA11#, Networking w/crazy designer and engineers for a new Samsung lab in Silicon Valley - open to entry level & junior talent as well as 10xers, Pau looking like Marc right now., Does running late count as exercise?, No doubt. MMA fighters, good ones, are really smart. They tend to be well thought out, very articulate. Love them MMA men!, 17 And altogether Mahalaleel lived 895 years before he died., Career workshop in class: a professional threw out candidates who didn't follow her company on Twitter. Opinions?, Oh god. If only we could hook you up with some earplugs., nah I won't I'll probably sleep a bit too. I'll actually be pissed as shit if anyone fucks with me, Here comes Phil, This was meant for u - see previous tweet lol, this drinkk is so sour <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>, Just found out is playing my hometown this summer with My Morning Jacket. Sweet!, Shutout to ma tigers across the globe, funn day yesterdayy (: i lovee finding random cats in the street .!! haha, U R killing me No, I won't be in #STL 4 the Cubs/Cards opener. However, that will be historical & I'm assuming u will?, Is about to do some homework, Food n work n baseball, Oh yeah! R.I.P. Mitch, "others are not responsible for your happiness, you are", will the Dare to Dream book be sold in target..?, On my lunch break with a headache, Have you had any other TV husbands? Haha, Ok time to go get sisi frome school, n with this back pain omw jesus see me tru it@ mercy for n me n all the other kids going hom, New Orleans, I'm jealous. I'm so hungry., Show tonight at the verge in Gloucester we would love to see you there !!!, Yes it really is :), Intuitive Surgical - Aggressive Growth - NASDAQ, This Lil Boy Out Here Talking Bout Its Hot. Well Duh Nigga You Got On Them Thick Ass Crew Socks -__-, It was so nice meeting you earlier! That was pretty awesome. See ya at Playlist!(:, 6$ pitchers and 3$ margaritas and cocktails. 1000 Kansas Ave in Modesto, Ca, a charter high school in NE Philly. Right by Franklin Mills...I'm so excited!, That's true. Caro's book and videos are really helpful. And yeah Hellmuth should have >11 bracelets if his principle is true., Lmao NYC is too live right now, LET'S GO RANGERS!!!!!!, #oomf need to get available tonight..., IN DA STUDIO, Awesome, Russ! Great peeps up there at the ole W-B! Say hello to Valerie for me. I'll be there in Feb & will look for you!, #ALLIN ready for the War Sunday Mario!! Good luck and Go Big Blue!!!, The not-so-intelligent design of my hairy bunghole astounds me., Ready to hit this road long drive, if only tweets could be longer then 140 characters i would shout some things to this fucked up world we live in, S/O to our new followers DL our Earth People EP and catch us at, its not time yet anyway. and somethings dont last forever. including relationships, I am convinced that Memphis heat sends your body into shock., that's what I do best ;) lol, Join us tomorrow for lunch-n-learn featuring Rabbi Stan Levy co-founder of Bet Tzedek. Noon at #LA #Museum of the, We are getting started with a public hearing on the Budget Request Act of 2013., Mark Bartolomeo, #Verizon, nicely summarizes what #LEFEP calls the Janus paradox: innovation vs. security; integration vs. agility, first flight: 26 min, m, bourbon, link, please? :), Send in a biz plan and "like" us on FB to be entered to win a free single person occupancy office for one year., heard you'll be home on the 22? What's ur plans?, Did you know we deliver lunch to your car? Order 30 min in advance, pull into our curbside parking, and lunch is delivered to your car!, I hated the drawn out bollywood scene. So strange., "I know you cute, but its a lot of cute people running around here doing nothing"-Miss Robbie, Next time i'll remember not to text you back or trust you (:, thanks for continuing to be brave and honest and beautiful and real. You are a huge inspiration to me., Our Grand Ave store is hopping as usual. Harmony and crew are cranking out the coffee!, And on a similar note, thank goodness for SAFER barriers. That hit could have been much much worse., Haters gonna hate RT : Yup RT : you'll still never leave the d-league RT : I just met ..., I'm chilllin "switchin speeds like Bruce Lee,ridin a Fuji,in a movie" Ya shit is, whatever you want to call as long as you get some!, My baby girls field day was amazing :) shes so competitive. Lol, pliz come back to BOSTON,MASSACHUSETTS come back we miss u so much if u come i will go to ur concert follow me xoxo, RT : 24 hours more, you can pick up the new Lady Gaga iOKi Karaoke App for the after Thanksgiving sale price of just $2.99!, Major comeback for Philly, Interested in Traveling to See Your Columbus Blue Jackets on the Road? Check out www.jacketbackers.org for details!, all 4 of my SKC jerseys are large., It's a difficult place to be w/ "normal" college students, ppl in relationships and no one., What kind of challenges are you facing in your business?, My Nana is too much!, Something's getting in the way. Something's just about to break. I will try to find my place in the diary of jane., smile, its FRIDAY <3, ": Today I chose alcohol over sleep", My iTunes Shuffle feature is sucking big time. I'm hating everything., M ice cream - getting a sweet tooth again lol - FISH TACOS!!!, Ok will take a look. Thanks! RT : It was Underwood's ancestor that was in mental institution, not Bettis., Great day to cuddle and watch a movie :), #Bears trade for WR Brandon Marshall. Let's get Mario Williams next!, “: and I've never felt this way before!! ;D” Oh and I swear this is true ^__^, amen that., when do you leave town?, . Best #DCsports week ever., We are regulars and generally light beer drinkers, convince us to venture beyond w that seasonal menu please., wonder who #oomf is taking about???, haha okay good, but what does that supposed to mean? The hokey pokey thing, i see it everywhere and i don't get it, A broken heart can stay broken when you hold onto the past. Let God heal you., Work Hard Play Hard, Yes he won!, Today we get a lesson in NE winds! Went from 69 to 56 from 4 to 5am in #mke!, Should sign up for school soon... Hm, 2hours never felt so long im funna die, Big recommendation for the Larry Crowne movie., hell ya! Only if your doing it, yeah, well, I'm doing it on my phone and don't have the patience to try & edit anymore., “: Last #newgirl episode of the season is on tonight at 9/8c!” What? Well, the Mayan apocalypse can begin tomorrow., Omg my life is a love triangle. :(, Will be attending the #AustinPHP User Group Feb 9. Will either of you be there and ? I am in town the 8-10th, phew! tall request, I really need to add that to my Netflix Queue. As a film nerd, I'm ashamed I haven't seen it yet., RT : I was just thinking I really want to see a Napoleon Dynamite cartoon. Signed, 2006, Nice guys finish last., Oh, the cookies I've baked, the floors I've scrubbed on deadlines., hate when my nail polish chips..., Lawl at least I'm not the only one, Fav stu quote- Rawr is the most recent word I learned so I can tell - "I luv youu!" Rawrrr!!!! It is also the most useful word I know! :D -, Going to see project X tonight with Michael (:, Trying to fall asleep without my cat's constant snore... #fail #Unlegit >:/, Smoova One Day Away..#"Foundation" Alleyway2Broadway. 1Moneyball......on the way..January 25th..., Still I Rise! ~Maya Angelou, That's OK Elaine.....we all ridicule him too! ;0), My 4-yr-old's new year's resolutions: "no more showing butts, no more nose picking", what about Dave Coulier?, Lynne Parenti is curator of fishes What a great title! At the Feb 16 #DASER, she discusses two recent art-sci exhibits she curated., “: Whoever started that RIP Justin Bieber rumor is sick! It's not nice to get people's hopes up like that.” lol, thank you!! Miles 11-13 were not my friend Haha. I now know what to expect though!, Yea I wish you were 6'10 200lbs with a wingspan as long as the amazon river too.RT : Wish I could rock a flat top!!!, If seems like they can't take a joke and go run telling my mom., thanks for the follow. What's good with u?, Teachers' union considers legal challenge over free school assessments - The Guardian, what class?!, Q2 keep client focused on identified need and learning objective. This helps discard unnecessary bells and whistles, Grading is all caught up, dissertation proposal is in, & lesson plans done for next week. Have no idea what to do with myself., #TeamXtina killed it!, Quora is a great network. Think of it like a place where experts talk and answer questions. Sort of replaces the Q&A interview., hey | Best reading advice we heard... Read with a child, it's the most important 20 minutes of your day., Celtics you got this babies, if you don't care about me, then why do you talk about me?, I want to do something on this beautiful.day. :), I can't believe how significant this game feels, considering it's only round 1 game 2., reply to my dm x, Keyframe User Interface looking great!, Just watched the movie My week with Marilyn and wasn't impressed, Off work and now I do believe it is time for a nap :), Holy cow! Good to see you here! Happy Tuesday!, Start with The Week in your newsmag routine. It rocks. Won't necessarily help improve writing, tho, b/c it's round-up style., WHY MUST OUR BATHROOM/SHOWER OVER FLOW NOW?!, I had forgotten who I gave my 13,600 tweet for like two seconds lol >.<, And, thanks to , Nick Hornby and John Cusack for helping to sum it all up., It's official. My teenage guitar playing self's Stevie Ray Vaughan obsession is back. Dude was a badass., not to mention when CJ was thrown down from behind in box on an early breakaway! Retro ref fine!, Dude ! That was awesome when shouted u out a while back! Miss ya lady! How's ?? Cheers and get to chi soon!, no, but I'm working on iy, Happy Friday everyone! The first snow is a great time to stay indoors with a good book. What are you planning to read this weekend?, Happy Friday! :), I hope it snows all night long!, The Memphis tigers let the entire country down this year..including the president, What kinda entertnmnt u want? What u need 2 do is hire some molly maids 2 clean that room, wasnt u suppose 2 clean it already, Red Sox > Orioles in Bobby V's mind. Buck Showalter > Bobby Valentine in my mind., In miss. Yea outcha all da way, A wee bit crazy :) Have a very Happy Thanksgiving!, What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere? 'Hold my purse, Hahahaha fuck yes! I still have all those CD's on my shitty old trooper of a laptop labeled "Maddie's Car" Nostalgia!, When temps go way up,nerves get frayed,arguements escalate--bad things happen.Alot of times its innocent bystander tht pays price.smh, Happy Birthday I Hope you have a Amazing day! Love you! ((: Enjoy your special day <33, RT if u would like to be in video"Rainman" off our new album"DallasMostWanted" feat b famillia and ...bad bitches only!!, sure, what's up?, Maybe they liked the first ceremony so much, they decided to have a second three months later!, lol I was not referring to you #dontstressit RT : I don't have the clap Moron, what you tryna make me do ugh its not friday yet, i miss !, Sorry Your music is too good. I'm taking most/all of it., Damn, that was a long night, Belgium and Netherlands, #BOYFRIEND is truly amazing !! :D <33, Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!, Yeah he does but I thought they said he was three but if not, The clearer to communication is online the more time available in f2f section for interaction., #FF my bro If you don't follow him go ahead and just delete your account., YES! IMMEDIATELY!!, Vote for DJ Styles!, God is not someone to be messed with! It's not a smart thing to be standing in His way when He is determined to move in all of His power!, HAHAHA double team, yeah it was!!! I missed you trevelle!, We loved having you!, Man They Bullshitting Tonight it's over, i am saddened :C, It's 8:30 & I'm sleepy, True dat sista. RT life is way too short to drink, There is no magic bullet, no secrete, and no shortcut to the shortcut. The basics will get you to your goals., I want a IV drip right now, why does the article repeat a bunch of paragraphs? Otherwise, fantastic assessment., we can offer brownies courtesy of, Its a titty bit nipply outside, but its Friday so I'll try and make the breast of it, That is a great idea! Now to find a time that works for all of us!, Tennessee here I come!!!, excellent question. I don't know., uuugghh that's what I need to do, what does Naii mean?, I want to personally thank #President Obama for taking a stand on gay marriage that was courageous of him and the world views are changing, Every day I say today is the last day I'll eat junk food... Yet the next day I say the same thing! Need motivation for the gym<U+E406>, thanks Kiddo ;-), Cultural foods class tonight- good reminder, some Brazilian & Jamaican foods have #peanuts. Caution if, and by fancy, you mean Bud Lite Lime, right? I guess I could try it..., do you use any weather modeling software?, thanks for the BUZZ!, If a child comes to you and uses words instead of behaviors to tell you what he needs - celebrate that need and MEET it!, do that shit and record it lol, “If there’s one message I have for my fans, it’s that you can make your dreams real, but you have to enjoy just being." - Miley Cyrus, Loved the Greek Yogurt Commw/Stamos and Madonna as gr8t!~~, #FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <333333, Landed in Orlando last night; not working definitely has got advantages. I highly recommend Airtran, first time on an LCC, and it rocks!, hungover. I'm just going to watch it @ my place. What's your plan? Come over!, thank you ;), Your team is moving onto the next round. I said good job. Move on with your day., The Witches scarred me for life. Whenever I hear about that movie, I immediatly shiver. Creepiest kids movie ever., "Supporting Inquiry-Based Instruction Through Mobile Learning" by Gerald Gannod & Kristen Bachman is one of 60+ sessions at, even more excited now to attend this saturday. #Amesdebate was hot! So excited, Speaking of movies, a bunch of us were comparing notes on great programs and we realized they were all (audio) podcasts., The key to success is, and has always been, to kill your way up., Sending off your Say-n-Play today - Can't wait to see what you both think! :), Don't apologize to me about a conversation where we clash saying you understand my POV, then bitch to my boss about churn., the things we can do w lotion, Thanks You just cost me $115.99. ;), shit! i was going thru my past tweets, nd i saw a bunch of tweets that were NOT mine! AND THEY WERE ADVERTISEMENTS! fuck you, hackers!, :) An abstraction of a bright red kid's Ikea bath mat during "bath time", Life Keeps Telling Me I Need To Go, But What If I Wanna Stay???, Hey are you still up? Cause I wanted to tell you I liked you on ustream tonight<3 (: follow me please?(:, Kobe ! Wtf was that :o, Deliverance: worst movie ever, minus the banjo and ass rape scene., lol ok 20 questions so we can get to know each other a little better. sharing is caring!, I'll take the "you look a lot alike" as a compliment. How's everything going at KJR these days?, Good or bad...I just replace my fav songs that I only had on vinyl [Still no turntable] I'll never be as cool as :(, Will most assuredly miss my awesome cousins:'(, WAS INDY FOR A LONG TIME I REMEMBER WHEN THEY BROUGHT IM A DIFFERNT'ER TO CANDLER FLEA MARKET THEY PASS IT OUT FOR FREE, Kid-Friendly Dinners Pleasing the kids at dinner isn't always easy, especially if you have picky eaters in the house. And let's face it,, nice! Hope you enjoy the app!!!, Hmm...tea and toast, Folklore Haunted House in Dallas, GA is open. Go and have a good time. While you wait, check out the posters!, good morning people. Conquer the day and then move on to thursday, OG Droid which I haven't used in a month., now that I know ur looking at ur mentions, maybe ull give me a follow back. Cause that would be awesome., Hahaha that made laugh he even said it!, so I missed you on Tennessee mornings yesterday. My niece was being born. But hey now I can teach her to be a fan of yours(:, yea didnt get the job up here… Ill be in PGH in 2 weeks, That defintley wasn't a foul right there?, thanks Taylor! Wish we could have been there!, It's official, #bidday is the best day of the year., Yes! Many Fabulous Fashion Events in Chicago Coming Up! I'll be sure to email you them so we can meet up that way!(:, #todayinmay it rained., I was born ready. And then I made many meticulous script cards., Sweet bio on Victor Higgins and our Taos Society artists., Taking color palette requests for Monday inspiration boards on the blog ... Anything you lovelies want to see?, why yes i have..but this TT is abt BLACK girls not WHITE girls..so why do you have to drag them into this, "I don't take 'em out to eat, I ain't here to trick or treat, I ain't trying to fix your weave...", I Missed You.! Did You Get A New Device.?, okay sweet tizz, Hate waking up with a headache, Laying Here Thinking Bout Some Things!, DT Ricardo Mathews stays with Indianapolis Colts and signs on their practice squad, Back at work with Lingus in the headphones , Good Morning Oakland and then the world!, Why . .....do they have drive-up ATM machines with Braille lettering, Actually, don't worry about keeping people away. My police department does a great job of scaring people already., Desire is the starting point 4 all achievement not a hope not a wish, a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything #Napoleon Hill, Self: You need not raise expectations every time things seeming to be going well. Contentedness has its time and place. Namely now and here., You too RT : Thank you for the follow!, The conversations that me and Idalia have >>>>>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, Just got done with Bark in the Park. 2 TIRED pups!, She a house nigga now!, Yes! I love it AND it drives me crazy :). Good = I can take the guy anywhere. Bad = he always fills our social calendar!, #raw10 lately all flava of women have been liking me...JayZ said it, i got 99 problems but a......, I like things the way they are (: so if your nice to me I MAY call you up when we all go out on the lake, Damn posted a video that I produced. Check out Dollar Please on their front page right now., I'm now at the age where I go to hip concerts, and I just think to myself every time "this is the last one I swear", Be careful Garmin, you're dangerously close to ruining "Carol of the Bells" for me. Check yourself., congrats on the 50lbs!! keep up the fantastic work!, you're damn right I am., To me, you're perfect ¦, KBPS.TV is now ready to interview show host for our 24/7 talk radio launch. Contact John @, APPARENTLY Let it Ho! Was a "best bet" in the Red Eye yesterday! Thanks for telling us, NO ONE!, are you guys in?, and I aint subtweeting anyone just speaking on what i feel, Move on. He's just a chapter in the past. Don't close the book, just turn the page, Race horses with exceptionally large hearts (not due to deformity or illness) can demonstrate stamina & endurance beyond the average horse, Sigh. I really liked , but now that they've stopped allowing premium rewards for early adopters I'll have to let it go., Holy crap! The #vesawards nailed it. Congratulations Casey, Trent, Brian, & Cliff!, RT : Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings & emotions., ha! gotta love harm reduction. every day is a work of creative nonfiction. enjoy a carnal night!, FOX Brit Hume: Colombian Hookergate. Boys will be boys! We do not know what happened - premature to speak. POTUS already rebuked them! Brit?, #projectX is pretty funny, but is was more baddass then anything else.., congrats! But what is that?, Hehe nope nope n.n, At a good talk on the intersection of info tech and humanities by WIDE researchers from Michigan State, I swear one day I'll be making millions touring. But for now, I wanna sit and relax. I had a long day of twitter and facebook., Awesome perspective from the minds of NFL Agents and on #NFLCombine. Read their TL., You're deep-fried pickles are amazing! Tell Ryan to put them on the menu permanently! Yum!, when in doubt -->send flowers., thanks Matt. Let us know what you think., Yes! The is amazing. When my wife revisits her Colorado College friends we stay there., .......... RT : My desktop finally died today after 7 good years together. Can we please have a moment of silence?, I'd have a little fun with the overhead radio active scanners, too, if there's time..., yes! R u working 2day?, Here’s the hint for tomorrow: This discounted product can help you drop some serious poundage…, Hehe you still remeber her? Oh and anyways shes doin awesome too i talked to her yesterday, We all kno life has ups and downs...I try to maintain an emotional balance either way it goes, 1 Peter 2:13 Submit yourselves for the Lord's sake to every authority instituted among men;... Hard to do at times, but needed! I'm learning, After I get comfy in my pjs my brother an his gf are forcing me to the movies .-. Da fuq, spot on thank you, Just happy to find out that Melanie won X factor,she deserves it , to talented.., and I found a house we want. Now if only I could find a more stable and better paying job!, is the bees kneea, but you spiteful lol, by the way, Thursday is party day, so better put your party pants on!, would love to hear more about your business. I'm interested in opening something here in the Twin Cities, Dumb and Dumber 2.. FINALLY, Download my novel Beyond the Summit; An Everest Adventure and Romance FREE on your kindle all day tomorrow Monday, January 23., Back to you again :-), So did NUTS over the win tonight? I was rooting for the 49ers!, ABP is a great place to work!, Talent is universal, but opportunity is not., Retweeting everyone of tweets because I know exactly how she's feeling right now too. We'll get through it girlie., About To Roll Some Motivation, I lost my favorite coffee cup - the one I use every morning. it's really throwing me off, Would it be rude to #Delete all my #ExGirlfriends off of my #Facebooks ?, #Np French Montana - wherever we go ft. Wale,, this song is ToUgH., Do you ever wish you lived on a nude beach?, Whew! I'm glad to hea---z, I love the spirt of Christmas as well. Think it should be 24/7., It is illegal to water a garden in the rain in Montreal Canada, Grandad, I know you can see me. Best grandad, and you better believe me., i know i'm a couple minutes behind, but WHOA! now i see why ben kept courtney around. she looks so similar to his sister. WEIRD!!!, Met with Josh Kraft, CEO of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Boston...a great partnership to get kids outdoors., it was good but I was kinda disappointed. Not as great as I thought it would be., you're so special RT : Happy #CMAD to all the Community Managers out there!, haha i know! I love it! makes my dad upset cause we haven't been able to farm so I wish we could have lightening n no rain!, Several new shirts being added this month. Designs already made, just working on the final products!, Did you or Lori get my eml? Not sure I have your # to call. Send Direct msg if you want., That's cool :), and what's that favor!?, has the best laugh in comedy., What do you want Lexington Market to become? How do we get it there?, i think imma just wake up early n do my homework, Wow! RT “: Boston Marathon allowing runners scheduled to run on Monday to defer to next year because of heat forecast", Yep....typical pattern for us. And this one is a followup with the Arth doc...., Happy International Women’s Day! After 103 years of recognition, do you think the world is on its way to fully dissolving the gender bias?, So Colston decides to play football after my FF season is over., (That thing where a book review is so good that you can't believe how lucky you are that the book that inspired it is on queue), I know right?!(;, - no problem. I'm excited about "ShoveBox", Thats amazing Ron!, Has anyone else discovered the LyricPlay option in #Shazam? Holy cow, that is COOL!, what u doing babyg let's chill !, Gary Oldman deserves an Academy Award in the catagory "most times you'll shit your pants because he's so consuming.", to know u left a great job just to be on tv. Now you just appear at things to be seen & tweet about it., old school marketing is the new craze in my biz... conversion is crushing online marketing by a landslide --> getting-off-your-butt works!, haha no idea to be honest, there are guys floating around so hopefully!!, I told them not to blast it. It's what I say., #HappyHour is on til 8PM! Come see us ASAP!, Guys that will do things just to make their lady smile>, RT : Set free your fears and welcome a new potential., you should hear the new remix of Timmy Thomas's "Why Can't We Live Together" the billboard hit sold 6.5 mill. copies 1972, Allergies suck., On the 8th day of Christmas my true love sent to me, 8 decades of giving! We've been PROUD to be apart of downtown #Milwaukee for 85 years!, ALERT: ok? We'll take it! RT I have the privilege of shooting in the Holy Grail of college bball!!, At Costco, big mistake...so FRICKEN crowded & it just freaks me out seeing all these people eating the free food while they shop too weird, Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. -Babe Ruth, Going to play basketball at the Rec!, hey do you club?, when you get a text from every dude except the one you expect one from <, This weekend has been so much fun. I miss being a delegate to #CDP and, doooooooode! first no school, then i dont getnyelled at, then i might go to the lock-in, now this? holy shit best day ever, Awesome! I'm still thinking about going to MAGIC in Vegas. Do you think it's worth it to make contacts if I don't get a booth?, Alone... so alone. But really- I just got a Droid and love it. Maybe you should switch? ;), I will collect APUSH 20th Century projects on a website, use to review before exams next year., Good. I'm going to re-record my vocals tomorrow and work on the mix. what have you been up to?, I keep finding small bugs that I want to squash before I go away for a few days. so, this is the 3rd minor release today: #digressit 2.1.4, Yeah, virtual book group works! Picking up my copy this afternoon. Start discussion next week?, Movie recommendation is Robert Downey Jr in "Tropic Thunder", that is a tuff one but id probably go with hill but id be 50 & 50 as well lol, we are doing good!! Mom and Dad are on vacation and our Uncle Joe is watching us for the week. How are things going for you?, No Cnnsi I do not want to fill out your survey but you did cause me to close your tab and go to espn, We prefer the West Coast for the National Parks and scenic wise but the East coast has some great cities. What are you into?, Watching Dear John for the first time ever on FX[:<3, BUT OMG ENRIQUE IGLESIAS OMG, I WAS SO FUCKING CLOSE TO HIM., that's all ya need girlfriend, Nothing like starting the day with some hotel lobby Fox&Friends... How can people consider this biased dreck a valid source of information??, Is anyone using to document this spring's NM Primary #NM2012?, Do not pray for task equal to your powers, pray for powers equal to your task., At the ORU Board of Trustee meeting in Tulsa. Amazing team. Good things happening at ORU!, So let me get this straight...Bradshaw did NOT want to score on that last one? #NYG 4th & 16 no time outs down by 4..., *holds ur hand* :), before the devil knows your dead yeah? Wasnt it tight seeing phillip seymour hoffman put in work!?, Sent my grandmother flowers for Mother's Day. Teleflora's shipping fees were half the price of the bouquet I picked out. Kind of incredible!, you lost your mind about the Celts,,,Merry Christmas Lets go KNICKS, what a sweet tweet!!! I miss your face, Kansas!!!, Thanks, I was a bit shocked, but grade distributions might be public domain information. Still weird., Preperation + Audition ='d My CALL BACK!, Hello friends. This is my (ashiepoo22) new twitter :), So focused on what life hasn't done for me I can even enjoy all the success brought to me., I need coffee..., My committee is so rad. Their scholarship is all about international blacknesses and Afro-Arab-Asian cultural and political ties. Love em., Welcome. And why?, Damn nature, you scary., nice rhyme unc, Haha, thats how I feel. But he's actually being funny, and he is hardly even talking. Aha, Nothin' but love, regardless of the crazy. It's about the music. AND welcome to Matt and Rob!, chrome will you please send me your request line number,precise wants to call into your show., Good Morning ^_^, Off to see Kara!!! EEk!!! Then dinner with Gina(heaven!), What's up homie, Don't stop loving it!! ;)RT : stop being so fine!, Mfs Just unreliable lol once again, Would anybody like to win a free vacation to Hawai'i? Airfare+Accommodations www.majkltravel.net Sweepstakes of a Lifetime, the show was fantastic tonight. <3, steak or chicken?? And tell gaby save me 3 of em! :), I am assuming you're photoshopped into that pic right? No way your graduated from anything., If you want to hear from some inde publishers, about collection development in an Asian art museum library, or museum publishing, come at 4!, Potowmack Elementary student says, "I have learned so much from Spanish...por favor reconsidera la idea de cortar mi clase favorita.", 5 RTs anyone? :) Tweet me first. c;, You a straight nigga for that response! lol, Vigorous & spirited debate at CC last night, w many very smart young people. Glad to help young conservatives make their case., The best revenge is to show them that your life is getting better after they're gone, Is it me ? Or is twitter 2 hrs behind logging tweets?, #NBA #BOSATL RT : I wanna reach 100 guys, come on!, I just want the boyz' to come to hawaii. I don't care if I don't meet them, I just wanna go to a concert or a show or anything., All 4 teams won today!, I like it....better the the box with small hole...now mass market it, please!, and if you not and u got somethin to say den address me DIRECTLY. at least have some balls like my nigga, lol I know that was crazy ! Lmao good shit!, The immigration law has already accomplished phase one it's purpose, awareness. Now people think twice before immigrating into AZ., HI BEAUTIFUL. When you coming over again? I need a good shavin(;, Be a lover not a fighter but always fight for what you love., THE WAY U ACTIN, Its hard 2 break cycles unless u have peeps 2 support u & keep u accountable @ the same time-Thats what we do :), What to have for dinner...KFC or to attempt to cook!, Don't pretend like you don't see me when you constantly sub about me., friendship is the word of the day., I'm so so, No problem will do :) Keep sending your events our way, Intel grows its business through I.T. in many different ways. They are:, Death. Via AP literature -___-, Taking a break from the museums world for an arts world event. Senator Al Franken says "Comedy is a craft." YES!, hey people: thanks for following and favoriting, Thank YOU! RT : THX ! Amazing fun panel 2day. Inspirational ladies!, Florida State's President has me legit LOLing., Accidentally retweeted instead of replied to this, but it's definitely "Beggin'" esp when performed by, well hey - I'll be in Texas next Monday thru Dec 2 - come down to Austin and have thankgiving w/ jacy and I if you want!, hahha probably a good idea(:, Eww! I hope you don't have a dog., #mybabyis Taking his first AP test tomorrow., #WhatHurtsTheMost is going from best friends to enemies, #raw10 U r Ghetto: if the Church u go 2 is connected 2 a Liquor store. After ser. u went n bought Hot Cheetos, 40oz MGD, Blunts, Honeybuns.., haha yeah I miss u! :(, Frederick Turner's 1929? I enjoyed the book, but I'm in no position to judge the portrayal., Did you counsel with individuals or just speak about the program to others? (SPP), i should call in and go hide out in chicago lol, Nothing but a ride home on the shuttle, new headphones and the new album. Does it get better?, peace bro, much respect. Just peepd ur site, does clear label print books as well?, O yum sounds like i need you in my kitchen, Dirty Crocs writing session next week?, Good morning, Switzerland!, Fish oil supplements can help athletes by increasing energy, promoting muscle growth and improving recovery. www.5StarFishOil.com, shake it off, its playoff time, This is how you make it. Write this down. Noodles, tuna, celery, PEAS, mayo (lots of mayo), salt and pepper!, I want to follow more people on ! Followers, send me your links or follow suggestions!, Wow. Joshua and Phillip singing one of my favorite songs of all time, #GenHopeProject #AmericasNightofHope live at Nationals at 4pm Sunday 4/29 don't miss it Tickets available, Everyone is noting Shep Smith, but Andrew Napolitano went just as far on Fox today, saying SSM must be legal per Loving v. Virginia., Watching bridesmaids , love this moviee :), There are no limits, only plateaus, you must not stay there, you need to venture beyond them..., Happy 23rd birthday, !, The Return Of TIpsy Tuesday Tonight @ Bombay Ranch (FRED RD) No Cover $2.50 Jack & Bud Select Be There Or Be Square, Thank you Vanessa., How did u tell me I was good for u and still leave jokes on me, Its fine by me if you never leave, the gimp is an awesome free program that rivals Photoshop. You can use it to make animated GIFs., woah (big sean v, Oh, you breathe oxygen too? Cool, we already have a lot in common!, U not a batman fan, I am interested. I tweeted your post :) I have written on rape, race & colonial culture in 19thC S Africa, Hour and a half in the car and less than 13 miles. Going to be late to my own event., kinda lol still learning, Miss ya brooksman! So jealous I have to miss ANOTHER Giants baseball fun filled weekend :( bo lol Hope 2 c u soon!, hi arielle, I've followed your work for a while, would love to meet up at the conference, RT : RT : Would Jerry Jones fire Wade Phillips at halftime? << If he has any sense he should!, Thx! RT Thanks to for discussing my latest project. Recommend if you need clarity on vision or space., happy birthday to us!!, but you shouldn't curve me though.. because i want to talk to you! <3 :), RT CLARKSVILLE-NASHVILLE-HOPKINSVILLE CPtv MEDIA IS COMING TO YOUR CITY NEXT WEEK! RESERVE YOUR SLOT NOW TO SHOOT A MUSIC VIDEO, what would sex in space be like ? :b, I spent 10 minutes rowing a rowing machine. 122 calories burned., The Beach Boys and Maroon 5 are teaming up at the Grammys. Adam Levine is going to take the biggest shit over Surfer Girl., wth? U asked.. Jeez, Thanks for joining my Diva Movement... im following back...you up for some networkin???, Profile pictures giving the middle-fingers..., did u get any of those texts?, As our way of giving back to the local community, 25% of all profits will now be donated to New Mexico Animal Friends., I Am Abomination, Close To Home, Call it Karma, and more tonight! Be sure to come hang out at The American Legion in Rochester. Only $10!, I could watch #royalwedding coverage all day, The series is tied and that's, gawd i hate waiting.. watching a movie with the babe trying to be as patient as possible!/:, can u follow me plzs that would make my day, Yes. I'm mad. Ain't it obvious?, Got Me Addicted To The Song Moves Like Jagger(: <3, There's no such thing as "too much #money" when dresses are concerned. Go for it!, Interesting show produce by on ocean pollution. Ocean of plastics now twice size of Texas-Need global solutions., If i had a certain amount of breaths i could use every week... Id probably be dead by now .. Waisting my breath on dumb ass ppl! So annoying, Just saw Gordon Ramsay at The Americana in Glendale, cool. Should've asked him where to eat., Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to., We would like to thank Mulhern-Advertising New Mexico for all of the advertising work she has done for us!, RT With our AR project we included an extra layer where we mixed museum content and wikipedia, Feeling young again....counting M&M's in math class, Matt: "I'm at Nicolatrtolis right now and uh...I'm over hearing some interesting convos.", I rather u text me than me texting u. Cuz hunny... U be txting slow, Dont worry, it's the Ed Show, nobody will see it if you screw up., Wht the heck are Wade and James wearing? The NBA gets more like the WWE everyday, what a mess., Thx for the #Smugs (smiles & hugs) Big Leo! LOL!, By The Way! It's Day 15 BABY!, I write so that we all can feel, empowered to live a healthy ideal. So keep going back to exercise and oatmeal!, Just went to sleep a couple hours ago and I'm not even sleepy, #CIO Quote of the Day: Legacy begins the day you put something in.", come join love to follow you, Twitter is going buggy!!!, now I know what's it's like being a phillies fan watching a team fall apart with injuries, KILL THE NOISE, You're connecting with kids one by one and making your expectations clear. They will respect you eventually. Be strong, Teach!, Friday, May 13th, 2011: everything went off without a hitch tonight, no major issues..., Hubby is taking me to see Titanic 3D. It's 1 of my fave movies, but he just wants to see the guy that falls and hits the propeller in 3D, my big dream is to meet u someday personal and to speak with me all day and all night - iva got so many quesc?, BREAKING: Reports from NY say the NBA and its players have reached an tentative agreement., gonna get more pix up on twit pic, ALWAYS have mob friendly landing pages for mob consumers, He Touched Jerry., Meeting up in Toluca Lake tonite with many. No dress up for me this year; couldn't find and Evel K costume, I'm going to live-tweet The Incredibles right now. Cause I'm super busy., Gotta get ready for the day. Any suggestions on how to wake up?, Haha some girl is mad at me cause I blocked her, I told her 1) your my friends friend idk u 2) twitter nd facebook are different so keep it, RT : I'm thinking Kermit at the Bullet - who's with me?, practice at 8am is really throwing of my sleep schedule for this break..., RT : Design for small screen, low bandwidth first., Starting my period in the middle of morning sex used to terrify me, but then I went to college and became thankful for every period, ever., RT : "We're the best-kept secret. We'll have our first ABC game in awhile. So people are going to find out about us." - Roy Hibbert, Hahaha, but that's the whole point. We can do whatever we want to the economy and still get 96 percent of the black vote in 2011 ... HAHA!!!, u can check my YouTube look up juliusvevo sweetie, Right back at you! RT "#FF NBA Playoffs ", If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein, Thanks for this Twitter virus!, Children begin by loving their parents. After a time they judge them. Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them. -- Oscar Wilde, Also consider the restaurants at Whistling Straits & Blackwolf Run. Looks like there's a shuttle to Whis. Strait on the hour., listening to old mac..¦, When I have a baby...I'm gonna name him Patrick they always seem to turn out pretty good lookin', I want some more nikes, Where's the party?, Sometimes, I just need an alone time., Why can't I go to sleep??? SO TIRED!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>, Watching "Broke Girls" cause the reviewer compared it to Laverne&Shirley- it will never be that. BAD...HORRIBLE, Fantastic baby, First national episode of tonight!! Honored to be part of the family. RT if you'll be watching!!, I hate that I can't live tweet #Texans game from our great seats. Why does Reliant have such bad cell service?, Good morning, peeps! It's rainy dreary Monday in #DC. What's it like in your world?, stocks for dummies is a good one. I have it and its a good one, follow me pls your my inspiration <3, There are a lot of excited ADULTS watching the Fresh Beat Band at right now., Our advisor on #yitan talking about connect.me and vouching right now. 10k vouches in last 24 hours., so proud of u! Wish u were Matt Kenseth fan like me. But great that u r #Cubs fan. Northsiders should be fun this year., UK coach John Calipari on rumors he's going to the Knicks: "KY is the best job in basketball. No one's stealing our joy. I'm not leaving.", I love you! Thanks for being with me today:), Those look delish !!! always loves a tasty little sweet!, Latitude 41 is a great mobile office for brainstorming event initiatives!, It's 3 in the morning. WHY AM I NOT ASLEEP?! I'm freaking WIDE AWAKE!, LOL..let me know how that works out for you!, Bennis Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality, Love love this weather. So ready for Spring!, Sxsw 2nd day and I am pretty tired.. ah more free Redbull.2nd wind... Epic Kasabian show last night! FUN & Neon Trees next..., I think we just like weed., Everybody favorite word now a days... "boo." Come on now... kill that., Lynden, Washington, USA :), Drought or flood. The only shades of grey are in our books apparently., Today's work mix is a Slow and Synthy mix: a slow grinding synthy workout. Thank you, Mr. Zahl., Nicholas acting stoopid ., RT : Just got the email about the 2012 Virtual Conference and Youth Summit. I'll be joining in from #Tanzania with..., Collier's test is hard., i know it's insane!!!, Senior spirit week may 1-4!!!! I wonder what days we will have lol Senior pep rally May 4!!! Woo!!! I can actually watch it this time!!, I really needed a little NW recharge this weekend., Preparation is everything, it can alter possibilities., This just made our Friday!: RT : If loving is wrong, I don't want to be right., Happy Birthday Jeffrey! Hope you have an excellent day sir!, ohmygoodness. :D do u remember me?? Lol, YOU SPAM EVERYONE. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! UP TO 65% OFF!!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture, I don't want this soup, but i feel like I must eat it. aha, I know it's coming, I just pray im alive for it when it does., FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS!!! Seriously....anything is possible when there is a WILL there's a way, almost done with them. I had to rewrite them. I haven't forgot!!, I am not a slut but not a prude either...LMAO!, I know, RT : Everything you read online and see on TV isn't true. If it can be edited, it probably is., Try Tweetchat. You can control the pace., S/O to Great musicians based out of Brooklyn! Check em out!, having makeup on at this time makes me so tired, but when i wash it off im gunna be wide awake, its not working :(, happy GRIMY-MAS EVE TO EVERY1 HOPE YOU ENJOY THE GRIMY-DAY SPIRIT, So blissfully content. And sleepy! Such a full weekend of fresh air, friends And good food. Couldn't ask for more., Bet I can guess., I just realized, you finally reached 5,000 followers! Congrats frankie! :], So sweet of you to say! We have learned from the very best..., New #kronum homepage looks great, ready for pro league kickoff this Sunday!, Do u think about me, PP giving #Celtics version of Jack promotion is better than Donnie Walhberg. At least he's not dabbing JT court side #Kobe'd, The #blazers are the ones in white, right? We're doing great!, All right. I have been up for 22 hours today. Bed time., I Been Outchea In These Streets & I Done Learned, watching the NFL draft(;, Last night was radical! Really an amazing experience to remember. ! Apostle; Papa G's word blew my mind and resurrection was power! (=, "I need to find a fat rich bitch,that'll do me and pay me"- wise words of my dad., Yeah, it's gotta be a rough day for you. Smh., Excited to get back to Vincennes !!, I'm so bad at replying to things. #CanWeStillBeFriends?, The Tigers have scored just 2 runs in 3 of the last 5 games. They have 2 now, will they score another?, You got Julie's mouth just perfect at the end., I get that! Computer I bought 2 yrs ago in Nanaimo died recently;grateful hubby got a Kindle Fire 4 Xmas. Slow, but serviceable., I read "sit" as "shit" and was like WTF?!?!! hahahahaha, If UK wins today (which they should) so be it. If UofL wins today it's bc refs, we'd rather beat UK than win Championship or fluke upset., Alright!!! The "Twitter might start charging" chain letter/messages are circulating now. Yay!!, Yesterday we made some updates to how designs get upload, if you are having difficulties, please yell at (fixing it), Presents in bed, brunch at the zoo and now a nap on the couch while dad does laundry. Happy Mothers Day to my lovely prego wife., I just saw the uncut video of it!!!! What a piece of trash! Dana has every right to be mad!, Ugh I wanna see him, i love you soo much. you are my favorite rapper, your amazing and very sexii and thats no lie, dang y u move way out there?, haha! It's my son's boss!, Damn Skippy. “: Shouting/singing loudly at your TV tonight isn't weird. It's common SportingKC etiquette. #carefree”, Nigga Excuse #1: Naw That Wasn't Me Baby, He Just Look Like Me., I know? I'm just saying.. He's gonna have bare walls where he lives., thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your Tweets abt our favorite city - Seattle! Stop in and say hi!, Apparently it's purple night on, My 3000th tweet goes to my Miami Heat #LetsGoHeat #LetsGoHeat #HeatNation let's win this game, ill show you how to shut it... :), ringalingaling! Hello??? Hi Jhoselin!! Thanks so much for following! Talk soon!!, hes not in the ICONic Boyz no more ..., Now that I got Pinterest going!... What 's the etiquette of how many Pins in 1 day? I think I'm going to get the bug I was afraid of :0, But you're also fed these stories about pesticide laden produce & frankenmeat. It's hard., where all my ladies at?!, “: (fill in the blank) All I want for Christmas is _________!” #Ravens Superbowl Victory #ballsohard Diploma, Checking out Twitter., I hate terrible babymothers.When the father is awesome he gets no praise!using babies in spite.smh, My brother shattered his pinky and tomorrow he's getting surgery :(, GO GIANTS!, now or never bro ......GAME TIME, No book talk until 4pm! This is cocktail half-hour only ;-), And no invite? Lame., League standings coming soon., RT : Thanks! I will check it out. Great thanks, If you'd told me a year ago that someday I'd be giving mustache advice to red line passengers, I'd have thought you were crazy., Having a sense of humor is a good and bad thing only if you saying bad jokes about good people!!, |#quotes A business is successful to the extent that it provides a product or service that contributes to happiness in all of its forms., The weekend was good, thank you! My kids let me sleep in Sunday which is always good. Now back to the grind!, have u ever had one of those day when u wanna punch your friend in the face for bein so stupid?, How do you know if someone's the " right one " ?, ughh fine. I'm marking it down as a "maybe attending" right now, She was drowning in her thoughts, Why is it called baby sitting? I dont want you to sit on my baby...Shouldn't it be called baby holding? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>, Happy Friday! Come see us for lunch & cookies!, :( RT : If your first initial is the letter 'D', You have the shortest life expectancy., they probably already think you're creepy..., The guys working that set always were crafty!, that was a major gaffe!, Still hungry, Thnx Troy! RT Watching on way to play ! Good stuff girls!, We are open for business in the Convention Center until 6pm! 11-6 Thurs-Sat in Ballrooms A,B, and C. Come feed your eyes on rock posters!, Great show in Sheffiled this evening!, Boy, do I feel stupid. I just discovered that OS X has a built-in #font management app called Font Book. Doh!, Thanks Jeff!, Much depends on the funding model for IT. For us, one-time $ easier to find than recurring $., Tomorrow is the big day!, When conversations become akward or uncomfortable you gotta know how to properly redirect the conversation., 1st: espresso. 2nd: 8 mile run as prescribed by If you see a body along Dekalb Ave, please make sure no one steals my shoes., Oh how I wish it was summertime again.. <3, Want to see a bunch of librarians run, push, and shove? Come see the doors open at the free lunch., Rise and grind!, Do your students buy ebooks? Cheaper option, already available. Would that fly? (Harder to annotate, share, and/or re-sell.), Yeah, no problem, Stuart. Just wanted to bring the actual text of your tweet explaining the picture to, Hey Folks. Tonight's show is going to be great. 8pm and $8. Thats a steal!, John Hirsch of IPI points out that top three negotiators in Iran nuclear issue today are all women., Nothing like taking off your contacts before you know where your glasses are..., d King & Queens, philosophers have tried so hard to find. Tell me what it means to u dear~never mind. Love is kind when the world is cold d, My next career: developing game shows for Telemundo, Wish i were right now - getting some great tweets about all the #music and #food!, Oh I get it, he had to load the bases so he could work under pressure.. Alright, I'm with ya D-Rob. Don't let me down!, Hawks are too much of a perimeter team to be effective in the playoffs..., yes you did sweetheart. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, It's #BikeToWorkWeek. Are you braving the traffic on your bike?, Silver Cuff is a New Tradition for First-Time Moms on Mother's Day - PR Web (press release), TONIGHT! Pyro Productions: My Last Judgment, Ashes of Angels, The Seventh Cavalry & more!@ THE SPOT 9068 SOCORRO RD. 6:30, $6. SEE YOU THERE, Thanks for the RT...we must shake hands this year at the 5K. Thanks for being a supporter of the WSCC!, happy birthday day the next world champ, Madden: juvenile probation reforms have reduced number of kids on probation more than 20%., At the Climate Action Reserve conference in SF. tweeting for ' Climate Watch. CARB's Mary Nichols speaking now., Those banner colors: white, white, white, and taupe., Did u eat the hot dog anyway, Matt Toter with some beautiful saves to deny Delaware on the PP, question why do ppl need to see a picture of someone to ship them w someone else. like do you have to look a certain way to be w someone.., Nope QT : Havent i been there every other weekend, But don't you know that the one who gets the most gets to dethrone Tila Tequila's claim to fame?, no worries. Easy to be fired up about hoch, I feel that with passion. Follow back, Good to be home after my month long trek across the East coast. awesome time working with the east coast photo crew great job dudes, they are ! and when i see cute ones im like awww(:, #celebrityapprentince penn can't really be mad at adam.He was PM & took responsibility for his team.Not his fault Trump gonna fire 2., If you are a male and above the age of around 20 and wearing hollister- I am just going to assume you are a European tourist. So its excused, It's a Great Feeling when u create something that makes someone feel like they have a Purpose! In the words of my Editor"Best Seller Indeed", Belly is full, comfy clothes are on, everyone is napping, Xmas tree is lit, cozied up by the fire with a new book...holiday bliss!, Anyone from JLM familiar with a bus to TLV that leaves from the Tchernokofski area? Looking for alternatives from the central bus station., Haha thank so much :) Check out my videos and share with your friends! "Like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans, #happynationalbestfriendday to me & my BFF :)<3, Happy Easter did u have fun in Germany?, Glad you like the podcast!, My first foray into the tweeting world...Gotta step into the present in order to get to the future..., see a doctor. quick., thank you everyone for your support today. I'm happy to announce...my exam is postponed (late breaking prof unavailabilities), yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!, My Last Retweet >> true stuff bro, GOOD LUCK AMS BLUE :D #goodluck #, Damn Yankees had (sets-related) "technical difficulties" for 20 mins. Glad no one was hurt--other than whoever got the blame., Comparison shopping is indeed Read the rest of this entry », hey amigo reach out to She does all our booking., I was on a gig once, many many, many years ago, where the bandleader asked me to sing "Don't Worry About me", Come on Kansas, Missouri broke my heart Friday, don't add to it tonight, You are the soul of sweetness! Now I don't have to miss you anymore, and briefly, to boot!, Thank you for the follow. #Autism advocate myself and its great to see #Autism as your platform. Xo, Cant wait to watch PLL!!! :), CE students at the Conf. walked up to of the NYT Lens blog and told him about their work. They aren't shy!, Thanks for the heart attack., Solid. And great job w context of redev's end. Remarkable how fast City Hall's wheels turn when it wants to., I guess mentions are full with "OMG" "DEAD" "CUTE" Is it right ? lol, Never mind. I thought you were responding to something else., I know! Wait... about what???, Not sure, EP. 21 right? So maybe in three weeks., It's an interesting topic! If you're ever looking for info on So. language to go w/ it, let me know, there's some good stuff., Missed you last week...hope to see you this week!, Consulting with investors on selling short through Maven Research. Selling short for profits and a hedge., I feel ur pain. 3 x's,same woman, beg 2000, then 2007 & this year...again. (she's AKA on my credit,2) Grrrr!!!, #WhatNotToSayDuringSex Are you going to #Eat that #PopTart on your #NightStand or can I #Have it..., I feel for you! Good luck tonight! too bad we can't just give them a magic sleeping pill and knock them out! ha! :), thanks, it was a big relief. Michele was on my committee, which was great; loved her questions. a few tweaks, then library submit!, Do you do Q&As whenever you get bored? Lol, I had a short story accepted! And tomorrow we're heading off on our trip to France! Life, you can keep on doin' what you're doin'., GN say a pray 4 me, Merry Christmas everyone! I like pancakes., Crossed into Iowa and already snowflakes. Heard my hometown as blizzard-like conditions. Should be an interesting trip., Just closing the current location. RT : Really? That's too bad. Online shop still going to be up and running?, this paper needs to write it self because me mind no longer wants to!, I wanna see how long i can go without my phone, Are you open to dating someone 39 years younger? Because... I'm open to dating someone 39 years older., We will be at the #NRASHOW on #cincodemayo 4571 with see you all soon., hey will you be kind and follow me:D, RT : How is everyone today? Finishing up a song I started yesterday that is SICK! Then gonna chill at wango tango tonight w ..., 2008 BMW X3 - San Marcos Toyota - bags vacuum belts, I'm never going on a trip with you guys again... Be there at 7 my ass, #dh11 #alt-ac #altac Is that just relative stability, though? Nothing's stable, but compare stability of altac vs private sector?, : In sports terminology it is called getting "chippy.", I expect a photo update :) Most of my doodles happen on DrawSomething haha, just because people want tighter gun control does not mean they want to get rid of your 2nd adm rights, just want to know whr all the guns R, Morning has broken.... but I have duck tape and super-glue., Vans of the wall., bo. I'm sorry. I bet your hair still looks great, tho., That was AWESOME. Thanks!, Giants Rule!, so sick of this, You'd think Timmy Chandler was replacing Philipp Lahm with as much attention he is getting on my twitter feed..., I still think allison is alive, OMG you are hysterical! I love reading your tweets! Very smart and truthful!, finally get to go to winchester mystery house tomorrow!! woo whoo!, No I dnt but you get use to it after so long RT : You Like Staying Up ?, We are taking walk-ins all weekend. Come on in and get Thai!, I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done., the sightlines are even bad for flashing. not cool, brick, not cool., yup Tim is a great guy to have in the locker room, Shanahan always raves about him, At Apple store. Heard at least two people very upset that they have to make an appointment at a retail store about a phone problem., I think you have a secret side that all of us rocketeers dont know about., Cool bro... Someone else's bullpen is blowing this one..., Explore the info we have gathered at our Population Pages, Links to learn about different populations. Which ones do you have matches to?, “: Today is the last day on twitter....follow to stay in touch, Congrats to #CDW for winning Americas reseller of the year! #kickoff12 cc, Cool. I'll check out your gear when I can get to my Mac., awe why thank u hun;))), I live in all of us., Get Drunk like a Kennedy, Happy Wednesday! Hope your smiling today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>. RT me or Follow me, I love getting paid only to pay off credit card, car insurance, phone bill & utilities and have less than half left., so I hear! just tweeted an AMAZING pic of the sun in SD!, Morning, 5th Avenue! I'm tokin' my pre-work parly and some dood waltzes by with multiple lip rings + a hat that looks like a stuffed animal., Can't nobody make you mad<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> like someone you <U+2764>!!!, Thank You For Everything Kidrauhl is trending(:, Yeah, he's pretty solid. What makes him potentially valuable is he can also punt., Who here has walked away from a blog? What made you do it? Did you go back? Why?, have you tried called me, Aaron Ross and Sanya Richards-Ross are the honorary co-captains of today's Orange/White game., Friday fishing! Hoping the weather works out!, I can see my gym clothes from bed....mimosa anyone?, Tired of highschool and drama. Gotta make my own way now. Make good grades get out.. One year to make some, Who was it who said, Blessed is the man who has found his work? Whoever it was he had the right idea in his mind, The first product Motorola started to develop was a record player for automobiles., About to listen to Justice Sotomayor speak at, aight forsure dude. i'll hit you up. I got the same number. i'll dm it to you too, “Freedom begins between the ears.” Edward Abbey, Merry Christmas everyone ¦<33 :D, just school, Just set up studio time for next wekend we promise hits, FREE Strawberry Lassi with your purchase today, while they last!, Happy Birthday to you!! Hope u have wonderful one!! :-), I honestly think this is going to be the best Winter Classic yet! I love the teams and the venue., thanks for the shout-out bro!, Weird he's not here. Lol., Call me 6787191762, Used to hate it by #Undeniable "it's all that" S/o to them 90's baby's., They are merciless with that mic this year. Turn those bitches off-- still yapping., Irondequoit and Sodus locations will be open Saturday if you need us. Have a great weekend everyone!, how would we even get to the Mexican place?, Kids take note: silence is weakness. Never be afraid to be that one lone voice in the crowd. You'd be suprised how quick people will follow., But but, it's fun to bait anonymous trolls on the intrawebs when they go all snarky on the comments!, :) I live to serve!, Hey Paul - I DM'd you what's up?, #FF offseason NFL inside info & analysis, thanks... That means a lot to me Katie.. <3, My alarm clock is clearly jealous of my amazing relationship with my bed., Interesting :) so, what are those 5 questions?, So very true RT “: If you're never tested, you never really know what you're made of. #TheSW”, Lesson learned: Don't take a drink & read 's tweets at the same time. It's not pretty, friends., Is watching an idiot pour gasoline on a fire., thumbs down. Three cheers for Rose., Sometimes I can't tell if that sound outside my window is a morning dove or someone lightly choking a baby., #FF More Divas making it happen, he is, though he doesn't go outside so he enjoys it through the screens., i end up buying it all. cant get it together, Bracket Time, he's lame!, *squee* 50% off all sale items at means I got to buy two more pairs of my new favorite jeans for $40 TOTAL. YAY!!!, Life is good!! RT : chillin in a cabana poolside at skybar Las Vegas.. this is the life!!!, For single depth relations you're ok. But what happens when THOSE objects have relations / collections? Can be a slippery slope, It's so cool I couldn't read the story!, Running the Anthem 5K Fitness Classic tomorrow? Celebrate your run by bringing in your bib number to receive a discount on froyo!, “: All that ass in yo jeans.” that's what's uo, Timberwolves' Kevin Love not w team for Monday's game against Pacers because of concussion and a neck strain., can you do a year lease starting in may? If you'd like email with your requirements!, LOGI BEAR WHY U CRY? WAS MONI MEAN TO YOUU..., just congratulated for making it to the final 3. That just made me love him even more. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>, is it somehow uncouth to call Chen a ninja? Guess so. Great show tonight., Ad for Croatia, saw images of Bol, Sveti Stefan, Dubrovnik....I think I'm ready to go back now., Happy thirsty thursday errbody! never stop makin that cake $ $ $, grab your bottle and blow on in here! Pittsburgh is WINDY tonight!, It's time! St. Patrick's Day is here! (Marianyi beer count: 2), Well I don't have an angelic rocker voice like some lucky people... ;), Enjoyed "Lola (Live 1979)" by The Kinks on Pandora, I hope you were able to do something fun!, My goal for the day is to seek out, locate, and purchase exactly one ass ton of boric acid., Media and marketing training with He was dynamite for this week in NY. He'll be dynamite in London too!, Seeing is believing . . . unless photoshop is involved., you damn right its a damn shame, life is worthless, make your life worth something and you've accomplished greatness., being at one is unreal man, Eavesdropping on a table of retired gentlemen talking about the "good old days." Ever wonder where a writer gets her ideas?, Just saying no pressure..., Inbox running over with free strap contest entries today. Love it! Bring 'em on!, SOPA and PIPA can't go through! Please help to keep the Internet an open source not regulated by govt., #Rays in a close one with the #Angels. Rays up 2 to 1 in the 5th, thanks for the follow... Following back immediately!!!, #Orioles don't want to sign Cuban defectors, so Angelos will avoid offending/upsetting Fidel. FACT, can't wait to hear all about it!, is it worth paying $ for a domain name that hosts a digital artwork, if, on average, only 1 person a day looks at it?, Saw the movie American Violet - it's fantastic!, Yeah I'm using my account to test for work, but I think it's got great potential to promote our photos and our Tumblr., See you there!!, I think it's called 3/17. ;), thanks 4 follow, Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Four Bean Salad 4.62 / 5 Stars | 11 Reviews by Kathleen White "If you are a bean aficionado, you'll love this sa, I asked God to remove people out of my life that weren't contributing to His will for me but I didn't expect it to happen like this., California Burrito King > Chipotle If you have not been, check it out. Normandie / 3rd, The story you are about to see is a fib. But it's short. The names are made up but the problems are real., Long weekend starts now!, New Providence Diversity Committee hosts talk at library, what do you mean, QotSA Misfit Love Feast of fools. I can't wait, Give 'em a taste of my misfit love. Complicate. Encarcerate. Feel my heart wake up., Is it a full moon or something? Really need for something to go right today., im so board, wow, I didn't know this word but it makes sense once you read the definition ;-D, my life=mission accomplished!, Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world. - George Bernard Shaw, still in india; leave tonight, lol tell me where it happened and I'll tell you of you're right, today i am mad at some one who i am not going to say who and is not my sisters ok, Has been a day of busy work., Aw , Well You Better BE LMFAO !, well i leave Tuesday so we shud chill this weekend...., if u know some1 who can raise money well let me know thanx votehenrybrim.com, “: “: I don't know what you're talking about:)” forrealz?” I'm being sarcastic:), Go follow, I own a Sony FS100. Shot 3 commercials with it. Sweet camera. May sell it in December if I decide to buy a RED. Interested?, I hope your wife posted that!, I'm going to the Marine Corps Ball in Florida!! Such an amazing opportunity I'm so excited!, ah or have u been RAPED??? Did ur girl rape ya???!!! Lmfao ;D, #DesireThursdays sow the seeds of your budding desires, as we settle into spring...whatcha got for me??, It’s my business to do God’s Business, and it’s His Business to take care of my business., Happy Valentines Day guise<333, 2 of my favorite things #nodoubtRT : I couldn't agree more! RT : We think &amp; bacon make a handsome couple., PickUpLine: I had a wet dream about you last night. Help me make it a reality., I should finish grading tests, but watching Game of Thrones seems so much more important., (shakes head sadly) Ah, it happens., i never thought twice about his quitting. just glad to see fla fball go away for a bit. they were so good & fans annoyed, “I never expect to lose. Even when I’m the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech.” - H. Jackson Browne, my love <3, get drunk and do something that u will regret for a long long time, omg love howard shore. i know some of you dont know him but search up his score for hugo....... NOW. do it. you know you want to., Thanks for mentions!, The secret to winning is constant, consistent management.-- Tom Landry, They both suck!!!, In line at Ford's Theater ... AKA tourist central. Need something that says DC on it? Stop here., good morning...hope you had a good night sleep....and sex!, you'll just get more pissed off, Off to hell. I mean math. later everyone., Hehehe, for her sake, let's hope so. ;), absolutely not!! #stillloveyouthough ;), Feedback on ? We're enthusiastically & gratefully listening. Email me?, RT : Balihoo Presents Webinar Series: Taking National Brands to Local Markets: "Local marketing is quickly becoming a..., Mother speaks to her teenage daughter in their native language, daughter only replies in English. Nothing 'wrong' but a shame., Time take a break from working so hard for my amazing fans and go spend time with my biggest fans..., Starting to think I'm done.., Ha!! My Man Mad.. #sucka#You know what time it is.. (Let Me know) #WhenYOUreadThis#, Finally lebron shaved his jesus beard, The old let them score so we can get the ball back trick! Oh wait, wrong sport. What was w/ the (Lack) of rotations on the Holiday lay in?, I wish everynight could be like this its so #chill outside, “: All of Israel Are Responsible for 1 Another”. That would be more responsibilities than there are particles in the universe., A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road. ”, Sure did! MT just crushed it on KOGO. Recruited LaDonna Harvey 2 lobby vs Enterprise Zone welfare 4, you can't access the photo store on the ipad/iPhone and process it? (assuming I screenshot by pressing both buttons at once), our signs rule the world ayee <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>, one of the film's themes is greed so just in time for the holidays, haha., lol nope full price. I was with him, my phone goes off and this is what I get lol., Apple should green light full app release today. Seeing some confusion with customer base over free app., thanks dude :'), Our love was so comfortable and broken in <3, I recently used Regus in Tampa to hold a meeting with out of town participants. I was really impressed, very professional & top notch., Nice! Look for nesting behavior. Feeding each other, carrying nesting material, etc., Yeah but Rose doesn't have to respect their wishes!, Through my rise and fall, you've been my only friend., Is Pavano trying to look like an old homeless man in the dugout? 'Cause I'm not buying it., She whack bro, bus football, Tata&#39;s Jaguar Land Rover to invest in UK plant: report, check dm's, Sadly it just never works out. The sense of entitlement will always be an issue, I trusted you.... Stupid me., I love it when someone can equally arouse my intelect, um i think jst study for the pop quiz? idk what else..? :o, pip pip cheerio..how r u doing. Hey I have Dropbox now. Getting ready for an aud. how is everyone? How is school?, Hi My Fans How are You? XoxoSelena ¦, Scoreless at six minutes of the 1st. Shots are 2-1 Ferris State., I want my own guru., SEIU Paying Occupy DC's Rent, I am not immortal, but I am at lupo my nupo with, can u tell people to follow me please <3, Early night cause early morning night twitter!<3ill try to post pics when I arrive!, Should I wait for something "I think" isn't gonna happen & hope for the best or would that just be wasting my time?, Newport RI truly is a beautiful town. Haven't been there in at least 10 years. Enjoy!, When my mom sends me videos of the Drake concert <<<< assface -.-, tweeting not facebooking, Guess ill be doing some recording, ah, thanks for the clarification., I think I watch too much, The size of your melons determines the taste of your fruit - Yoda, There's more to life than school... Just sayin'., Thanks Bookmarked that one - now if I can figure out how to find it, Shut the fuck up just shut the fuck up, Today's Beverly Specials: Soup of the day is Cauliflower. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary., thanks shayla!! xo, RT - The Jaguars play the Falcons tonight here in Jacksonville, and you can listen right here on WOKV; will you be at the g..., You better win then! And bring me some too. ;), Me and my friends overstay our welcome at every restaurant we go to.., When I have kids I want them to have everything I had and More !, Just checked with J, and apparently it's not cool. And K isn't cool with Spartacus (no idea why J likes it so much)., I can't promise sunshine, but I can promise great, humidity and a good time!, That play works, Its crazy how I wanted that chick and got her then figured out she is nothing like I predicted..., interesting...would love to hear about how they break out food decisions., I like baseball., red hot butter sauce, Cards win., Why are women afraid to lift weights? I'd like to hear your thoughts, both men and women..., :) RT : So, has the beach in Corona ads always been a metaphor, or is this a new twist? Maybe JJ Abrams is guest directing?, Congrats to all the SHU graduates walking today. Thanks for being my first class here!, I should be asleep...Z. #nottiredatall :(, NF you and also ,, Many thanks to the #Ravens for a GREAT season, Ah! Here we go. Giving people recognizable funny hats that beg to be shared on social media is a great idea, you go to LA and catch a cold . somethings we just can't figure out .., follow back so I can. Lol, by the time I look for a job I won't have a facebook, How do i get in trouble for wearing leggings but all the girls who expose their ass whenever they bend over don't?, It likely will be different. It's subjective, as defined by Brad Pitt in The Tree of Life. ( continued tomorrow), get some friends!, New show dates from coming soon! stay tuned, when you start needing to reference security findings to mission & vision statements your org has lost, Letting out huge farts feel so good haha, yay! im about to make my real estate office decision. Last chance for input, live stream online now!, not giving up at all. This party is just getting started. :), Sunday Sept. 26th, 2010, I was in South Miami Dade County attending the antique auto show at the beautiful and historic Cauley Square., can you hit me up? Want to talk to you about Form. I was repping it, wondering what's the future of it right now., I've missed YOU!! Why does Friday seem like forever ago? I can't wait to see you!!, a new car! Hahaha like that's gunna happen LOL, -Ty for the emails doll! Looking forward to pulling!! xox, My little brother is such a procrastinator. I don't know where he gets it from <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> lol., Omg I know right ...., oh! That is intriguing. Send me the script?, Goodluck to & tonight! Go Blue!, Getting ppl to undertake #socialmedia regularly is like getting them to exercise, God dosnt exsist you suck dick, Belief, disbelief: // each the same false relief: // unknowable truth, Only 214 days till graduation..., SO IT IS SATURDAY NIGHT I JUST GOT MY NEW CADDY MY MOM CALL IT GHOST WHY IT'S COCAINE WHITE ON GIOVANNIS 22'S SHOULD I STUNT OR WHAT YEAH, Whoa, I haven't hit my allotment before. I'll make that my new goal :), Come on over! We'd love to have you. RT After my summer I'm going to need a trip to Vegas!, Can't sleep.....at all, is that at SDSU?, Scratch that, nothing like tea and donuts and the smiths - how soon is now playing in the cafe on an overcast day., “: BScott said he benched center Tristan Thompson in 2nd half. TT finished with as more fouls (4) than points (3).”, how's the Vic doing? Anymore Stinky Gringo nights?? Lol!, I love ur song I gust love it so much like evry moment I'm singing it <3 it have a amazing day :), "smoke with ya Boi", "but I just got it", I am sending my first tweet - TWEET :), Who remember the days when you was young with no swagg what so ever? Lol., . Hillary was rehashing Bill's social calendar again?, benadryl but it makes me very sleepy, Ajanti George ( ) is a BEAUTIFUL, AMAZING, and INTELLIGENT...WOMAN!, "Sales are made when trust exists. The faster you can create trust...the faster your personal business will grow, Icecream, cookies, chocolate...one or all of these need to be in my mouth ASAP., agreed. They also need to learn how to critique other wrk and create a constructive conversation about their impressions., Help My Friend Get More Followers... That Goes Out For Everyone && The ICONiacz, haha how do you hate beyonce?, We are getting pumped for the #getdiscovered event tonight. T-minus 4 hours. cc: &, Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of Chips and it isn't even that many inside with air inside to cover it up!, Feels like ice cream shops are the new coffee shop in Portland. What the scoop opening on Williams soon..., Thanks for the greetings. lets me have a real account :), OK CLT, ticket booked!, I had a 750 calorie day, They should fortify coconut milk ice cream with vitamins so I feel less guilty about eating it, Wow thank you!! Be on the look out - may make a stop in #NYC!, ~Attention ICONiacz!~ what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April? Any ideas? :D, 4 more days y'all. Less for the private school folk. Lol., You're welcome! Happy to follow!, Dallas doesn't know what's coming, lol I'm with my cousin watching the game, coming soon our event meet and greet Paula Deborah, activist & Author #tijuanachildren documentary, I have to go shopping tomorrow, I bet Gano will be bagging for me. I wonder if he can get the groceries in the bag?, TRANSFER TO PITT. RT Yeah, after college just move up here., Big Ben. Steelers D can step forward, just can't backpeddle., I was thinking same re: an SD SNL. And not to plug myself but I was practicing my NF homage in the car this AM, it worked ;), mwah ;-* IM NOT CREEPY OKAY I PROMISE. okay maybe i am a little bit creepy..., Last night was awesome. Thanks. and Lisa's sons. And that guy in the bear costume. Rad., This time next week: Arizona!, I love hippies, sorry for any inconvenience, DM us you Zipcard # and we can try to get you more info on the situation., Q3: Reflecting is great for a blog post or journal. Then get them to share., where you at foo..., Funny. Maybe DeMaio was there after all, speechless., congratulations!!!!!! Good work., We must teach our kids to sharpen their talents and develop new skills daily. Their prosperity depends on it. NspiredBy Proverbs 28: 19, Donegal Fergus on taking over LCC baseball: “There were some persuasive people in the LCC family who wanted me to come back and take over.”, Cinderella toaster that plays music when the toast is done, just what I never knew I wanted!, Brawndo, it's got what plants crave., thanks for leaving me in the dust., Yuppers Dallas is the best!!! ;), Why am I up so early on a Sunday ? SMH, it looks really good tonight!, Omg Kurt is shameless!!!, Hey he bought the laptop, he can dispose of it in anyway he chooses!, Happy Birthday !!! Just one more year lol, we anticipate the first week of April., Out of a whole entire class standing ad talking I get picked out of EVERYONE and get yelled at....why me?, i wanna put fat in my bio. but god dayum its perfect already., #nowwatching The Fighter, Is it Steeleye Span Friday? Why, yes it is., I love that moment when you make eye contact with a dog, he wags his tail and nods to let you know that he secretly a tiny man in a dog suit, Hi, ! Hope we can meet en persona at, Loyalty and faithfulness, Where is Kim now a days?, Hey, sorry, just saw this - we actually could have some things opening up. Can you DM me your email?, Definitely! Let me know when you're in town! I'll be in Vegas a couple days in January., Think you're a Geek? Others think so? So what, Geek is cool and today is National "Ebrace Your Geekness" Day so give yourself a big hug!, yet i'm sexy, Feel like I'm getting sick! NO, I've smoke my last cigarette, atleast 100 times I bet, i guess I'll just keep quittin til it sticks., any time I paid enough for a trainer I don't mind sharing, Private lesson. So, yes., thank you for the mentions last week!, Alightments too, but that isn't really tracked. Bonus: basic demographics w/o personal info!, Who says Orton can't throw the long ball?, I am just trying to understand what comes with that membership level that doesn't come with ... no membership., Barbers & Stylists #FF for ur invite 2 #SOCIALITES Barber & Beauty #SOIREE powered by, SO True~Enjoy the day!, and today I fell in love w Eden Bernardy at Margie Haber's Studio - it was Day 1 of the Intermediate Intensive :), I love you all (:, Practice getting faster at getting a few shots off. Pull out camera phone & shoot a clear shot in under 5 seconds. For vid, keep steady., well I got a new number anyway. So if you been texting me then my bad honey., shared the article this morning. Sounds like I should lay off the headstand and learn handstand instead!, MOS WANTED CREW.<U+E022><U+E00E><U+E418><U+E10E>, We reflect on the last shuttle mission, the great ship Columbia and her inspiring crew - Eileen collins, Happy Valentine's Day everyone! We hope you have a lovely day with your loved ones!, When does the first Episode of #LabRats come on? I cant wait to see it! :), We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and dream of perfection., #myidol - Heejun did much better than usual. Good for him. He might stick around yet., Let's go Lake Show!!!, #FF & the dumbest yet funniest guys on Twitter lol, think about all the awesome non-juice stuff you could eat on $50/day!!, Would love to see you at clinic on Saturday. If so, please ask for He can direct you. TY!, YOU GUYS ARE INCREDIBLE! loved every album, Gearing up for a productive week. Lots of great things will be available on our website soon!, . has worked for clean water, walkable neighborhoods, bikeable roads. Now let's work for him! Every Day = #EarthDay 4 Scott, Welcome, it was a great post!, you need to follow me....., no but I love kiwi sounds yummy, Getting started at #SCIspa, talking about a few projects in scholarly communication as a means of thinking through to larger issues., everyone keeps saying that ctfu but i love it!! Its my new tat idea!!!!!, i thought i looked cool... thanks for building up my self esteem, riley., FOR SURE. better be prepared for Thursday tho..cause I got you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>, its absolutely ridiculous!!! that thang is THICK, Can you trust a brotha who's never had an Afro? I don't think so., RT : We have another pair of tkts for All Stars: #FieldRecordings. Tweet a song/vid sampling animals to..., Our newest update is we are looking for some ideas or someone to design our newest graphics for the new year, Oh, there are snow days, even at college!, I got a headache.... I need my medicine!, that's a start..., They're fours bees of, #0404 haha nice ava! :P your tweets are awesome! Just saw a few! Cool!, enjoying a beautiful evening on the back deck, I WANT TO GO HOME., Sales tax in Hawaii is about 4%. Guess who just bought a MacBook Air?, Soo..I definitely did not register for your shindig tomorrow. Think I can still pop in and say hello? :), Hi Rick, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out., of course (:, port au prince Pink Motorbike - Kiss ! :P, wow..i tweeted it twice.., Love is a scary thought, but it's something we must face one day, That Bird shitting on me sure was Good Luck! Sold 2 pink elly shirts today! #GodIsGoodAllTheTime!, Fuck that! If that is the case, nobody "deserves" happiness. Stop worrying about what you think you deserve and enjoy life!, Scale offers ability to 1) generate lots of useful data and 2) raise capital to improve and evolve the product. Other?, Fort Worth! We want to expand our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!, We all thought for sure he was gonna ask her out. Lol they'd be so cute., IF EVERYONE HAS A HILLBILLY BONE WAY DEEP INSIDE THEN IM WILLING TO PAY SOMEONE TO FIND MINE AND YANK IT OUT AND TAKE MY GREY HAIR WITH IT., IT DID IT AGAIN! WTF?, haha you would like that movie. Btw I see you snaggin a 3B. But can a bro get a bomb though?, "I know tricks that you could only dream of. Looks like it's your lucky day. A killer key change is all you'll ever need", Finally #GOTDay! Less than 6 hrs to Season 2 Premiere. I'm not sure what I'm more excited about #Dragons or #Dinklage!, you were in drag? Pics?, lol..lucky ass.., is this my favorite Peter? Lol, Seeing #theAvengers with :), Back in the States, never taking the American accent for granted ever again., thank you! Heard a girl at a restaurant say "hm, should I get mayo? Oh why not, YOLO!" shoot me..., I tried looking in the help but had trouble finding info on merging Numbers and Pages data, sorry., Candlelit Valentine's Day dinner at our kitchen table. Empanadas, champagne, perfection., At some point, it has to be about MORE than the sex. Sex isn't LOVE., do you work down town? I go to the Hubcap for lunch, People make mistakes and a lot of the time you won't ever hear an apology. Forgive them anyways. Don't hold onto unnecessary weights., Can't wait to see how my Crock Pot pork with parsnips and sweet potatoes turns out tonight. Didn't use a recipe. <3 slow cooker season!, Thought for Today: "Work is about a search for daily meaning as well as daily bread, for recognition as well as cash, for astonishment, Possibly! It always depends on who will pick up an article but I'd be delighted to talk. DM me with more info., Ike Evans on #MagicCity > Don Draper on #MadMen, where ">" = hella more interesting than, and "more interesting" = sexier, happy Easter to you too!, It's time to go for broke ..., give TEBOW this season to show anything if not suck for luck .... It's a win win !!, Thank YOU, Chef Mike! You are an inspiration to us. Keep those delicious recipes comin'!, and really, a house after NYC is weird and new for anyone. Maybe they r just dreams? At least she sleeps well, I hate how science is always making my smartphone hard to use. READ MY MIND!, An archive may provide backup of my current work, but most backup systems are not archives., you went the wrong way :/ That's disappointing, it used to be a watermelon..., galleria food court, way better than mall food though, That's easy. The one from Naked Gun., Canfield silences the crowd with completion to James Rodgers, coming in for #trivia? Giving away 30 pk pbr!, i have heart for all music tho. i can spin anything, house to dubstep to funk to gospel. been djing for seriously for 8 yrs, it also ensures that membership is the #1 source of revenue, fo sho... wait til he finds out about the mrsa :-o i'm sure that'll make him comfy., hey I found us a place for fabric! On 14th. It's exorbitantly expensive but I like it so whatever., lol! Didn't think u was really into that kind stuff, still don't understand how you break the spacebar, #WhyDoIAlways worry about the little things, Thanks I will! :D, Yes! Once AVB found out there were #ASOT house parties in MIA, he'd give us a shout-out and it would explode!, Tell your friends!!, shoutout to the new followers &' !, you got it, I just got off spring break and I was in Florida the entire time so no games for me!, i love u twitter followers u make my day, Cmon man you call me a dummy when You pick Luke to WIN over Rors, Phil, & Tiger in this weeks #PGA #Golf. THIS #1 has a Major:), I guess the hating didn't work so now they telling lies!!, Fascinating interview on #WeightOfTheNation An eye opening documentary on how bad nutrition is in our country. mind boggling, Time is literally just dragging on right now. Text me?, Thank you and for your selfless service today. You make us so much more than we are by ourselves., haha I wish, brother! But thank you. Even if I was, I'd still respond to tweets., Is The illest, Great--thanks!, I'll follow you back, will that make you feel better?, We are a full service law firm helping residents of San Diego with civil, criminal, and family law issues. Free consultations! Call us!, Song Trivia! Sneaker Pimps - "Flowers And Silence" is about what?, miss you two more <3, LLS I Need more Followers. :l, That's lovely! GBHGIS has a whole data model for "X reduced by 45 acres to enlarge Y on date Z" changes. Very flow-chart like., merry Christmas eve Ariana :), How Come My Room Is The Only Cold Room In The Whole Damn House?., any mutv links...fucking adverts all over my stream., Mason's with the Texans?!?, if you ever get caught sleeping at work slowly raise your head and say 'In Jesus name, Amen'", I'm your sis, can't wait to get back to Georgia in the fall. Never miss a chance to stop there., Dzeko, in a heartbeat. Instantly. Even for like L20m and current wages. Matri? Only for cheap., need #oomf to call me 2day who is going be that person, awesome job promoting the show at Sasquatch!, forever and ever and ever!<33, it's the complete opposite of awsome, thanks Bryan! Appreciate it!, Can't wait to see what sings r on #BELIEVE I'm excited!!!!, wit you fine self... Lol, The game was lost by the LSU coach who failed to make player changes to improve chemistry., youre too on top of pop culture!, One thing that I would like to do is get to know #oomf with a phone call <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>, She earned it! (Colorado Springs road trip sealing the deal as biggest #RITHocky fan! :-) But will share: DM e-mail, and remember the babys real name, Kim Kartrashian and Richie are shooting a #doritoscrashthesuperbowl commercial! YeeeeHaw!, that would only be fair :-), not much, just watching another Cinderella story. You?, library construction messing up the call numbers in the Euro history section, I dont think u understand what we go thru on a day 2 day,waiting for a call that could bring hope, yeah of coures it is growing fast, fuc ya RO!! Can't wait!?, Why did you ask?, thanks for the follow back, tonight was rediculous hats all that can be said it was amazing thank out to everyone, Thank you so much!!!!, It's absence/presence of wheel that is interesting to me, & how habitual learning might happen based on that, If you want more followers, follow she always follows back and promos, Happy Monday to the Southern California Courts. Are you ready to distribute fairness this week?, Much to my surprise, there's nothing racist about Soup Plantation. Who knew?, Don't act like its you against the world if its really just you against yourself., “: can't wait man, looking forward to it” We should do something crazy, like re open the hard rock theme park, A bit of healthy fat tells your brain you're full. Eat avocado or nuts before a meal., Gay Thoughts has a sick instrumental, the whole song is epic! !, Hi Patrick..would like to chat w/you at this weekend's tweetup in Philly. Planning to talk w/others you know about iP, No one in my family likes Nickelback. Praise Jeebus., At work all until 4., He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3, Pickle juice and mayonnaise, Went to Alan Liu's talk tonight, Thank you for the retweet., i am speaking way way way more slowly today than even i usually do. derp., Say It With Me ! "Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater".!, Dallas, TX - need females for a calendar shoot (topless). Pay is 4,500 dollars. (Casting Code B3), one win away, Obama can't win on same-sex marriage, even among his base: Looks like he just followed Biden's lead. NYTimes survey reveals wide skepticism, Off to see Cabin in the Woods with I have high expectations after all the hype. I highly doubt I will be disappointed., tough question. But I'll tell any flyers fan that fleury can stand on his head until Bylsma says stop lol., These guys can't make a shot for their lives holy shit, I played album so much that it broke and I had to get another one., EMBARC is teaming up with Farmhouse today for lunch. Farm to table with everything made in house even the sodas!, #PromTheme or #BoatName "A Moment in Time", Sunny day!!, Thank you Lord for all that you have given me. I am blessed to have such a great family and friends., I can't promise I'll always no what to say or what to do but I can promise I will always be here even if its just to listen., I want to go to Florida and Cali this summer., Hurricane Irene get anyone? in new Hampshire our power went out. It just came back on :) -izzy, so anyways, when I was and walking home from school and made a wrong turn..., I'm so happy! Today has been such a good day, my God thank you., what the heck is going on? XD stop fighting with yourself!, crib or studio?, We're thrilled with another SalesTouch install today. In OC this wkend? Suggest stopping by Augusta in Tustin to interact!, Had a dream that I was the lead in a play that you adapted from The Language of Baklava. :), I'm gonna do it!!! Thanks for the encouragement sweetie :), Paperwork makes the world go round., haha thanks and good luck next semester!, “:my mom calls and tells me that I won a raffle for $750 to go anywhere I want! Thank you Princess Pocahontas:')”wanna share:P, Can anyone recommend a good flatbed scanner? Preferably one with a 11 x 17 bed., Its sad ...but it's so true, My forever alone complex kicked it. Eating ramen alone., Serenity now., “: The #CHURCH is a hospital for sinners, not a hotel for saints.”, What's the statute of limitations on being banned from a Qdoba?, My name's "World Peace"...... right, Looks like I can't hang out with today :c, can't wait to hear Tony's be cd, Keeping my fingers crossed, you guys., Whoever gets the celebrity with the most followers to tweet about us will win a “Red Neck Care Package” from Big Tex Entert........., What if somebody banned YOUR marriage, straights? You wouldn't like that, would you?, Car finance experts Car Loan 4U offers alternative to BMW recall, Only 3 more days until final scenes ... why would I be panicking? (I'm panicking!), Hey i DM'd you, lmk if you didn't get it., Kids: One day, you're going to have to stop typing like an asshole. Translation: 1day ur gonna have 2 stop tieping like a ( )o( ), Aww. Nice dogs!, by jove you're RIGHT, mother fuckers who catch facebook feelings and twitter feelings can go eat a dick. U was just a piece of ass., I've only gone with one girl with brown hair. Wat can I say, It's a Miles Davis kind of day., yea im not even goin to school lol . Just ask if u can take it tuesday aha, thanks for the follow! Do you see the Gallup-BBG partnership contributing to the #futureofpd evaluation?, The feeling you have toward me isn't hate... It's called ENVY, My heart is truly broken for Mo Rivera. Mo you inspired me to stay level headed on the mound. Hope to see you back. God bless., Danny loved going to the #Bills game. But he may not go with one particular family member ever again...unless it's free, of course. 222-6000, The two big social nets are #Twitter and #Facebook with logos 't' and 'f'. #Programmers know them as 'true' and 'false'., Hard to leave out Cannonball for sure! Maybe I should revise to Top 6., I partied with the Department of Public Works in a secret underground lair so we could get ready for the Marathon!, maroon 5...is good., I'm already going w/ Mama C, but we should meet up!, get the one republic cd and u got a deal., Maybe I wasn't paying total attention.. but I didn't quite figure out #TheRiver. lol Going thru #WalkingDead withdrawals, though., I believe Lawrie when he says it was unintentional, but he should be held accountable for losing control., Ohmygod, we have a lot of things in common. <3, #3WordsForYou I Miss Us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, I offer to tweet for in exchange for free brunch ;) cc: have you been there yet?, that piece is just for photo shoots. Ultra labor intensive. I can consult on another piece though man, Thanks Dave! Appreciate it (and the socks love). Let me know if there is anything I can help with..., I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. The awkward when you read that wrong. You also said "moment" after awkward, Every dentist should change their name to P. Sherman. Just sayin'., im back! bitches!, Somewhere Only We Know-Keane, Hope you are feeling better, Who do I need to commission to get an arsenal of Nerf guns???, Careful with your gift choice. Our friendship is on the line., I feel bad for the ladies that throw their life away for a guy. Smh.....sad., Thanks! I'm really happy how the site came out too. Left CO a month ago, loving Portland., NPR story on "The Pirates! Band of Misfits" recognized Kenneth Turan as a reviewer for the "Los Arrrr-negeles Times." Kudos, sounds good, lunch works best!, Was great seeing you all last night!, I love when a show dog has a long regal name but the trainer calls it "Chet", In Vancouver, checking out waterfront public space and the downtown public library. Please send suggestions for library-like spaces to see., When is going to finally change its name to "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous"?, Never been this unplugged from work and regular life. Of course only now day 3 of vacation. Haha., Wish your car was better? We save you #money on your auto maintenance through, Is there anything better than Bluegrass covers of #Bruce?, no, I like the idea though it maybe difficult to implement at times, Hopefully there aren't too many crumbs in the keyboard. In related news, there's some junk food in my drawers if you want it., Do You Try Communicating With Him.?, Grant Me The Serenity 2 Kno..., #IThankGod for loving me first! #read 1 John 4:19 We love him, because he first loved us., I'm loving all the picture is posting., It had to be done, Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics., bout to go finish up the allstar video, Why have I been waking up so early this week? Ugh., Fuck these dumb ass trays, Yesterday's 12-7 W over the Reds was the #Rockies 12th game scoring in double-digits, tying them w/the #Phils for NL lead., Congratulations! We are still reeling off of the Atlanta concert on Sunday. Peace & Love., Score now 31-26. Chargers lead., Fricken broke the bleachers doing a, @ Dunkin Donuts on N Druid Hills Road. Stop by and see us if you are in the area. Here til 9, then off to a secret mtg location., What #tedxhuntsville and #TED help me with is not just to think, or think differently, but to think for myself, Thanks for the RT!, Just woke up from a dream within a dream within a dream within a dream. That was a really confusing dream though, Sometimes, I think music would really spice up the reading room. I'd like to hear Aretha Franklin in there., only two off lead at #QuailHollow. He`s starting to peak for the at, what do I need to nurture my process and turn my dreams into reality. 4 your 214 tweets, you could be listening to us, that might be better, One of life's most precious blessings for a daughter is an ever sweeter, more understanding relationship w/her mother. Love you Lestelle, I only make you laugh to see your boobs bounce., sigh. i will need coffee again tomorrow., Oh, yeah, and, you're welcome?, Wolf - you just called Herman Cain ignorant. How do you feel?, Did you hear about the man who had an accident with the reupholstery machine? He's fully recovered., the fact that i added an extra "d" on the end of "just" amplifies its greatness that much more. Oy vey., Justin died his hair. Omfg!! He looks super sexy with ah! Fan hurling moment! & im breathing in an out better but still so sexy! :), Carton live storage is a gravity-fed order picking system designed to increase efficiency while decreasing the floor space required, 1 guy missing football...., balto is on!, Wth? It wont let me post pics!, Apple released iOS 5.1. It's been running on our development iPhone 4S for quite a while - 1st release that works with Bluetooth Low Energy, do you work with Wordpress?, how long are you in Houston for? This is more reserved for a text but I feel we have such an awesome twitter relationship, I'M DOWN!! LETS DO THIS!, great talking with you today., Ideal workout mix: #JoanJett (FakeFriends), #Scandal (Warrior), #LitaFord (Kiss Me Deadly)! Try it, ladies!, slept like 2 hours last night..not in the mood for school :/, Lol thank you!!, The headaches you get from crying to much :(, Jammin to and ish "Cypher" I can listen to this song all day., A perfect day & 2 Indians wins... Not a bad day to be in, Yes you will. I on the other hand, will be a mega-millionaire!!, hard to believe as gorgeous as you are ;} lol, At member Takeda for discussion w/ Lt Governor Gavin Newsom & San Diego biotech executives. Thanks Joe Paneta & BIOCOM., finally feel like finishing my book. lazy wednesday. Is there such a thing?, bahaha. (: is it still uploading?, Yay! Just saw ! Love that it takes #aam2012 for us to finally see each other., Happy Friday Twitter world! #Follow Friday, Kind of annoyed that my wonderful wife held some details of tonight's plans. fucking 1st & 6th, pain 2 get 2 & getting close to hipsterland, So. much. sneezing., What a bizarre year this has been, hahaha right? Like you would never know unless you look at the pics I'm tagged in XD, #whenihavekids I'm homeschooling. I don't trust the public school system., 30 minutes of your life you'll never get back, Are you a tower? Because Eiffel for you. ;), Thank you!, Expenses: plane $509, cabs $57, food $35. Will play 1 or 2 single table satellites at Rio tonight. Single tables all day tomorrow also., bitch I love you., If I was ina fight it'd be Daniel-Son Crane Kicks al day!, Never forget!, Just because you have a mouth, doesn't give you the right to make rumors., Hoping were just doin the Rocky Balboa 'getting mad' thing those first 2 and will come out like lunatics in the 3rd, Mark Wahlberg probably wouldve stopped 9/11, but he didnt stop The Happening from being made., #atxcouncil into pre-clearance issues with new maps, thanks! Hope you're well. How was #HCIDC? Did you meet ?, Little brothers first c-team soccer game today and first jv soccer game today., tyler perry's why did i get high?, Bet #Brewers never imagined they'd have to try and replace Prince Fielder with Travis Ishikawa and Brooks Conrad., Take an additional 15% off of ALL deals under $500 for today only! Use the promo code CYBER to get this incredible savings!, I vote not, if u gotta ask u already know, No. I did not bite it., Dear Zune, just because I picked Evanescence doesn't mean you should play the *one* Nicklecrack song. I've no idea why it's on my phone!, I've NEVER been a Howard Stern fan but I'm enjoying him on Americas got talent. Weird., Hey followers...rain or shine, we are open for lunch. Come join us, both floors are open., National Restaurant Association Show TODAY! :), sorry I haven't replied just found message just followed, First time my friend heard Much Better- Jonas Brothers she was all "make love tonight with you, woah jobros gone dirty", what do i have to do today, Molina is my man. #Bestcatcherever!, Comic Thunder & A.C.E.S. FOR KIDS are excited about the new venues in L.A. and Vegas more details to come, going to be some great shows!, It's a Shania Twain day inside my office, IMO "Bella" and "Jacob" as the top Girl and Boy names are much better indicators of our doomedness, Thanks - hi to you as well!, Super Cute!, Chants of Let's Go Brewers at Wrigley #brewers v, I may be the only person in this city not watching the #Pens. Pretty sure I can stay up to date via Twitter., now she need to have her face BEAT by me :-) !!!!, Petitions to recall Wis. Gov. Scott Walker and five others contain 1.9 million signatures over 300,000 pages, weighing 3 tons, Time to go to bed now.# lol I forgot am not doing nothing in the morning., Family Dinner is rockin' a set down tonight. Get thur @ 9 pm to see my bros & I, I don't like OSU, but I hate kU...so tonight i'll say I-O., Better than sports books!!! www. BestSportsBettingSecrets.com Try it out! Good luck!, thanks for pointing me toward the garbage can, Hey !!!!!! The Fist Pumps Made My Day ....I'm Well Though. What Have You Been Up To?, Sorry to have missed you while you were in town - hope to see you and Mike soon, The title is "Suicide is Painless" and it would make an AWESOME #Crew96 or #millwall terrace song., I expect to see you at the glass, sir., My feet hurt, someone massage them for me., Not at all. I love Nuts and The Prince of Tides., Good morning! riding on the train/ springtime energies rising/ in the quiet car, thanks girl (:, This dudes presentation is about to be less insightful than charles barkley calling a womans field hockey match, Looking a bit foolish, i know you miss me, I'll check it out!, Teaching at #sagaftra tonight! Come on out and learn a social networking strategy to be remembered., and some of the mobile only content seems to me to be some of the most interesting didactic content., #NeverShouldYouEver lead someone on.., Italian chicken...Babe did the damn thing tonight! Wish u were don't u???, I work there!, what you doing down there?, #FF Probably funny even if you don't have a toddler., Oh these girls?? They must be supermodels!! What are you modeling?? gloves??, "is that an egg?" "yeah, are you allergic?" "no I'm just appalled", Did you know that less than 5% of lost cats make it home? Even indoor cats are at risk. Ask your vet about getting your pet microchipped., #IUbasketball simply amazing, Hi Johnny, great to hear you used Scrubly to get productive in 2012! Appreciate your support for our app!, Exit project do tomorrow let's begin shall we, loollllllllllllllllllllllllllll. when i type a bunch of l's they all change colors on my screen . #coola'f, heard it, it's ok. every time it comes on octane I think it's going to be scream aim fire lol, Follow my crew ... In depth discussion about life, music, and all things relevant., My new twitter name is punny, Things happen for a reason & people change like the seasons, I do! RT : Anyone know exactly where rack city is?, Duff Said to Struggle to Raise Money for Massif Fund, If goes to UCLA with I'll be a bruin fan next year!, What about the brothers with an 8 pack or a keg lol., apparently it was his fault we lost..come on people GIVE THE GUY SOME CREDIT...the defense didn't win every game over 4 years, Happy St. Paddy's day! I'm hoping the luck of the Irish brings me some money via the scratch offs I will purchase today at the Hey Hey., Just checked my followers & see I have new tweet watchers,don't worry I'll keep you entertained,mite even hurt your feelings, Wow ESPN just broke the news: RIP AJ Burnett. Oh wait, that was something about RHP AJ Burnett. Nevermind., ok boo, Thank you, Taiasha! Peace and Pearls!, Now following Howdy!!!! ;p, yea, I'm hungry. We should start using twitter as text messages like everyone else. Even though I'm sitting next to you., World Surveillance Group Appoints New Chairman of the Board of Directors, not much of a game...a Kentucky win would really help my 10TV bracket, always enjoy hearing you on KSR and nice to hear I'm not the only one going to the library., #np - "Shot Caller", If you didn't believe us before that the show is a partying good time, this week we have joining us! WED 8P!, thinking about personality profile tests. B had to take one for working at the UN. Maybe there should be one for academic administrators., unlike Coachella which is absentmindedly retro, it seems 90s+ indie will throwing a multi-city festival this year!, Even 2nd rate #Elgar is sublime, Congrats! I was the second prize winner. :-D, I can testify, sure thing(: Sorry i didn't see this earlier haha., #sorrynotsorry guys ;; if you're going to #cheat, atleast, wow that was sincerely rough. hot bath!, It's a smooth, cold, yummy iced-coffee kind of day! Enjoy the day everyone!, I got a tip for you...don't eat egg salad if you gonna be riding the bus...sucka!!! Mrs. Porter, How am I supposed to move on when every time I see you, I fall that much harder?, I really need something to do.... I really need a car!, Thank God for today, UK is going to take it all this year, yep it's the fitbit. Highly recommended if you want to be more active or just like to analyze personal data., God, im so tired, I swear you can feel it, We hear everything. Especially the sound of scripts being dropped because the weather ran long., RT : Mitt won: "moderate or liberal," $200K+, postgraduate educated, oppose Tea Party, religion matters "not at all", Totally agree!.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>, Our real duty is always found running in the direction of our worthiest desires. Randolph S. Bourne, It's not Friday but #ff because Jazz Appreciation should be all year. Now excuse me, I gotta catch the A Train..., RT : Some people change for the better and some people change for the worst., V glad to hear USF is implementing a smoking policy. I have not so fond memories of having to walk thru clouds of smoke to get to class., Metro State Men's Basketball open practice & Coaching Clinic - Sat 10/17 at 9am! more info at www.startsmartbasketball.com, Harry Potter" star Rupert Grint says the actor is able to return to work after recovering from a mild case of swine flu.(AP), Don't forget- Marshalls @ Town Brookhaven Grand Opening Today! Check it out., you need a hug?, I still haven't done my homework(:, Cut up apples in the tub gotta try that one day, S/O to for being one of the most emotionally strong girls I have ever met<3, M! Drowning flautas and $2 cerveza! What a way to pick up this dreary hump day!!!, i LOVE Boomerang!! I watched Johnny Bravo and Power Puff Girls and Teen Titans is next!!!! :D, Congrats, Jon! You're going to be great!, Trav likes slapping my ass in public., Thank you tax return for knocking down my credit card to only in the hundreds now!, I WANNA TALK TO ALL I GET IS "BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP", Call your momma, I have really small boobs. But they're funsized too ....like me :3, I've been using 4 since Beta 1 and recently had to use 3.x for testing. Amazing how things have changed., Follow for dope local music!, Call sheet (nearly) complete!, S/O to , preciate tha support & promo blast fam, NBC sports network. January 2. About time espn got some real comp..., Cant wait for our jazz set at the W!, A's move... Last I head was SanJose-would be awesome. Rays NEED a new bpark-will draw if they get one, Wear whatever youd like! I just want you to have a good time with the 50 friends youre bringing to the show., Seems application of DH to 'micro-historical' questions is much more likely to connect to the majority of practicing historians., #FF stay up on conservation legislation with, awesome, it kinds does! :D, At Carrollwood Day School, Thanks for the follow! Have a great week!, I'm spoiled by flavor, Hey all ^^ I'm not on this account very often sorry >.<, girls be crazy, #CNN A California judge has ordered 2 Fullerton police officers to stand trial on all charges in the beating death of a homeless man., What a great think to have to think about just before Christmas. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> stressed out, Emulate This! ... The New Name of Our Company. ;-), lmao "cum", I thought you were gonna come here?!, Yes, us too. But a plan for lunch is better than finding myself nibbling, def! Miss you too. Sis had her baby, life is full., Oh, stories from Mistress Flegenheimer will be the first of many losses :(, fell in love with him at 13, married him at 33. He waited., RT : I hate winter.me to, I need more time.., So incredibly depressed over the fact that I'm not able to see this weekend. D':, We're in Staten Island planting trees & greening the neighborhood on #ReforestationDay w/, On my way to the Teller County GOP Central Committee Mtg. The citizens in Divide and nearby are starving for representation., thx! Merry Christmas to you too!, Music is my bestfriend, it always knows what to say to make it all okay., I need to hold two pairs of foamposits for and I!!!, work is not productive today, Driving through Cambria, CA along the coast. Very scenic., WHO WILL BE THE NEXT AMERICAN PRESIDENT 2012. OBAMA / ROMNEY.., Trolling on 's life., Nice meeting you, take that back since tempted by trouble...forgot that was on my shelf... but still so excited about accidental affair, On a boat with my corona, jamming ...., Well there goes $240. Thanks KU., "...everyone ought to have a fair chance at success."-, Wasn't Enron on that list?, not only that but you have 13 million followers now!! YAYY <13!, nothing bothers me more than sales blast emails - when it's so obvious my name & company have just been copied into a template., Gotta favorite that shit to remind myself not to hurt this little girl, you will long as you gt some money in ya pocket, For what it's worth, #Geraldo believes he's trying to help save kids' lives. Agree or disagree, but that's his intention, Last class before leaving for Nashville, ready for something new, ahh logan and I are addicted that show is amazing(:, #NICKICOMEBACK Like asap!!, Well, you won't get elected if you don't run! :), If you,come to my mama house no matter who u is u gone laugh lbs they be tweaking#they crazy, Those kind of losses are so heartbreaking...but hey, hung tight against the best record in the - and that's AMAZING!!, alot of what??, naw im just use to being up this time of morning, i sleep all day, Yes, Shawn is twitter-less. But, we still wanted to welcome him!, You looked strong today..., Bless your ears with Liebestraum no.3 by Franz Liszt!, you better get your game face on!, I'm just saying what I'm saying & talking about what I'm talking about., ok, CALL ME, haha, cools. PSI don't hate you...like I said your not trusted. But you seem to make her happy, so that makes me happy for her., ": When I meet soulmates, it never takes "time" for me to recognize them. I'm thankful for vision.", Arsenal goes up 3-2, that would put them back in third..., RIP Whitney! :(, thank you. It will be engaged at 6pm CT, At the salon with Brittney, That's where I'm always going wrong. I stick with flats., iHate when I suggest a movie, Everyone agrees, i turn it on...& No one pays attention to it, Ready to watch this fight team, See you tonight!, Just got 3 new pairs of shoes!! Jackpot!, It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you¦ 16, no body cuz that dude is played out...bada boom, Guess I never deserved you anyway. I was lucky for the time I got., Anyone watch Life's Too Short? Looks hilarious, love British #comedy!, God is drawing the people you need but the people you have are killing them., Mother Nature, you are about to get bitch-slapped. Enough with the snow already., Hahahahahahahahahahahahaa dying omg, what's with all the moths last couple of days. Our yard in Arlington has been swarming with them! A little better today., Physical environment is big factor that influences how we interact with each other, Love those "light bulb moments" when I FINALLY get what God's been trying to tell me.Thank You Lord, for your patience with me., where do I get that style?, RT Being an athlete is a state of mind which is not bound by age, performance or place in the running pack. Jeff Galloway., Wow! You're actually on here!, Do you ever work El Rio on Friday nights? They are so much better for me than Wednesdays!, Thanks for all the mentions!, First its about having fun, then its about winning;), Cash them in for rewards! Where do you have the most points so far?, Are YOU coming to class tonight??? "like" this post if you are!, dear my sinuses: I hate you. stop hurting me, spraying myself with Someday before I go to bed, Noo, not really :D, Checked sink. No Quinones but oddly enough Keith Morrison from Dateline was totally camped out down there., I've just watched the first few episodes, really like it. It weirded me out at first to see an US show with a Brit form., Have any set times for tonight?, Is at summerstage in the frontrow Case is still alive yall! waitin 4 ryan leslie, Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's a photo from the Philharmonithon this past Thursday- our wearin' o' the green costume contest., The Jets got Tebow...Dreams really do come true!!!, Yawn, I'm tired., Wow! I just that aint u!, did yanks fall apart after arod cheated..no they won the world searies at end of that year, You can't have enough white styrofoam boxes crammed in your fridge on vacation. Why grill when you can eat out 2X day?, you know d.targaryen is eventually just gonna wreck shop, Fire up your metabolism with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club, The sky is the limit., Watching Couples Therapy... OMG, If you are a Dreamer you must tolerate seasons of waiting. Expect your seed of Patience to produce a Harvest., RT : There are 9,500 registered this year in #Cannes2012 meaning 9% increase since last. +1900 Buyers. via, text me betttchess (;, Lol I'm so bad!, Strawn is a very engaging speaker, Great session on video and social media marketing at South Metro Chamber today. Thanks to, If you wake me up, do it cautiously. I swear if you just flick the lights on I'll smother you with a pillow, The one...the only...Ron Pro-Kooooopez!, can't wait 2 see u tonight!, people who move slowly really piss me off, Ah!!! So tired of reaching the follow limit. I guess it's judgement day. Again., ditto. Happy New Year Woody. We should grab a beer soon. Karl Strauss misses it's old city official., just had to work some triage on a Blackberry Torch for my boss. it gave me a renewed appreciation for android., Just Cried !, We have 2 tables open and 2 let's get those booked. Giving away a bottle tonight., can't wait (:, yeah i got a few things.. :), Is pulling up to wait for your food a thing of the past in drive throughs? I just want my coffee, i havnt been to my grandmas in a min !, If you really like someone's clothes, then why are they referred to as "duds"?, Thanks for RTs and Mts and, Happy Heart Day! We love our Congenital Heart Defect children and ALL our miracle kids! Hope you have a happy & healthy Valentine's Day! <3, Considering changing my twitter name.. all these underscores are lame! Hm, what should I make it? haha, 50% off details until 1pm. Buy now, use anytime in 2012. No limit. Get yours before they are gone. Purchase by phone call (619) 531-9319., Not what I meant!, When you figure out you've been playing something wrong for the past 3 months >>>>>, Had a lot of fun at the Easter Egg hunt today y'all! I hazed and made him dress up as the Easter bunny. What an idiot!, I had to follow just because of her bio. Haha. Thanks for pointing it out., There is nothing like a good book., please follow nice job, RT I Hate People That Dont Text Back., #oessinsight Teresa Anderson on collaboration and "black ops" IT, invisible work, role of librarians, happy weekend!, Its so beautiful outside! Makes me wanna jump in the pool, .. Tortellini En Brodo, Lasagna, Mostaccioli Alfredo, Mashed Potatoes/Gravy, Corn, Green Beans, Pasta Salad, Broccoli Salad..., toss me a follow shout out man. Your music is tight homie., na shes not like that.. she's probably with her bestfriend. I have a feeling not that it bothers me but at least let me know.., And here comes the sixth shirt change of the night for, Only if I could of said I love her one last time :( rip., Hanging out at the pool watching cutie pies watch me..., Civil liberties lawyers are going to make a killing if they continue with this drone bullshit in the US, There's a high chance of releasing a new song today with a FREE download, RT There is a difference between what u say and what u do, Congrats to and on their recognition tonight. Proud to have worked with them both!, happy birthday!!, I agree! Presents for no reason, expensive champagne in Marks and Sparks undies, and going on holiday by mistake, My babe is always there when i need him, he keeps a smile on my face and we can be goofy and serious together . We got something good :), It's so hard to stay awake in these long ass classes. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>, confusing! but i fixed the tweet ;) thanks!, Hating Justin won't make anyone love you. Calling him gay wont make you any straighter. Calling him ugly wont make you any more attractive., The best thing any person can do is to be honest!! It's not rocket science. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, No luck on the Green Day tickets. Clicked "buy" at noon on the dot, already sold out. Hrmph., So little time left being a college kid. Things are starting to become very surreal., Welcome new followers:, Its funny how my fones still not fully charged nd its been plugged up since 9pm, Found the kid's corner at my gate, and Captain Planet is on!, Fresh Is A Way Of Life, Dude! There is a dubstep remix of the Juliet hardcore song. DOPE as fuck., 4 work days. Then vacation in Vegas with my man! Wooohoooo, hahah wow. And I'm on this account because I was replying to ahahah, I'm wo.fucking.tired of petty mother.fuckers.and.bitches that.don't mind their own fucking business.. tired.of.assholes assuming shit!!!!, Oh, new version of the suite. Advanced page layout? More vector shaping tools? Yes pls., VINCENT TORRES<3, Thanks, Katie!!! RT : Good luck at the #ShortyAwards and have fun!, SVU is the show., omg what if justin had patties eyes. c:, please follow me i love u so much, RT : Help us out, what makes you take a chance on a new author/book?, special shout-out to for being wife material., I hate waiting on people. #NoTimeManagement Except for my brother, MT : Really glad is so wisely pulling many threads together from earlier conversation, was that a good or a bad thing for you?, Talking and partnership with &, 4M is saving people a lot on insurance, find out what we can do for you. www.4minsurancesolutions.com, thanks so much., Thanks God for this morning sisi of to school me ah wanting a cup of cofee enjoy whos drinking one now...washting fox11news cofeeplease, love austin, Saw you on TV with seats along the side of the field during Sounders game v Galaxy last night. Sweet seats!!, I still got them winning game 7. But it won't be easy., Come on Sooners, let the clutch out!, RT : RT : Want to learn about & how we're creating #PGH jobs? Join me on a live Google+ hangout on Friday..., #MyWorldMemories when restarted baby 3 TIMES in pittburgh cause he was laughing too hard :), I hope it comes out though, snow snow go away that's what all Frosty's haters say., Two years ago today my mom passed away. They say it gets easier with time...hope so., well you not gon get it back bitch, Are you going to the party tonight? Loved your talk. Would love to chat while you're here., down! What day?, Thank you (: Love you more ., I'm at right now. After?, I'm actually too hot sitting outside in my coat., Previewing tomorrows big UFC on Fox fight. One on one with Velasquez and Dos Santos tonight at 10., Glad to see all your participants tonight. Have a great chat everyone!, Okay. Thanks for the info., What are you building?, To everyone: go outside., Good morning, And who knew the Islanders are named after the Mets (after a fashion)?, Over-managing manager gonna overmanage. RT : Five-man infields don't work when the hitter lines a single to left to win the game, We're big rye fans over here. Look forward to giving that a try., Tons of unhappy people out here in the Bay Area, #FF because it's friday!!! & she's a cool person :)!, Last day in the studio. We'll see you soon Virginia!, Joe and Bruce look like brothers. Maybe Bruce should be an honorary Flatlander., Keep reading scripture. It will never fail, it will never misdirect you, it will only prosper your life and show you more about God., Can't keep living with a feeling that I'm giving up everything for you, i wanna cry, not because im sad, because im angry. as fuq, I ate pancakes after my 1/2 marathon last weekend then freaked out & had to be talked out of going to the gym later that day., thanks for you follow me gonna be gift for me :), "She may have given you the key & access to her heart, but she can always have the locks changed." one of those reflective days, Taking some video of installing my window sashes so I can put a demo on my blog later., Talking with of about #FentonArtWalk and "Canton Color Tour", Great speaker to kick off the #neasist09 program. Great use of images in talk., Why are people picking on now? Is the news cycle really *that* slow?, happy mothers day!!!, Was just keeping you informed .....and by the way thanks for the follow, #InMiddleSchool i got blamed for pulling the fire alarm.. lol, Just so upset <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>, parents left to the mother land and I couldn't give my goodbyes., Was watching and found out there's a "Wet hot American summer" sequel in the works! Yay!, Goals are dreams with deadlines, that sounds like Scotty on Star Trek! But I agree with you. Need help in Outfield or 1B., i shopped at an H&M in berlin. crazy awesome stuff for cheap = score!, RT LADY_LARSINY That bitch need to get her some money. She wouldn't be spending all mine!, I will now fall off the face of the earth for the next month. These classes are going to kill me, Hunch. Holmgren is very impulsive like that, What business closes at two o clock?, Cant close my eyes, we've got em!! Come on down! Gluten free but delicious!, Idk ask her?, Madison's jacket(;, We look forward to having a jewelry party with the ladies of ! Champagne and cupcakes with pink frosting are in order ;), Everybody at school was either high or on crack.... either one same thing! ;), just woke up....foot in face. lovely., "SNAFUs create scar tissues in your teaching soul." -- Char Booth, yes, kimi in Monaco for the win f1, Went this morning for the #hungergames premiere and it was amazing <3, I KNOW YOU REALLY DID THAT TO ME. And I love it:), Funny how you said your spending wasn't gonna to do that. : 25 days until middle-class taxes increase if Congress doesn't act., killed the verse in "This Is How Im Rockin" tho., (John Ruskin) The highest reward for a person’s toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it., Check out ! Free online tool for providers/parents 4 document milestones & memories. Teachers/parents LOVE IT!, Peach Ciroc....new dress., RT : FIU Professor Eduardo Gamarra at #FIUAVCC: This new generation of entrepreneurs is a transnational generation., Francelli's in LB has all u can eat spaghetti on Mondays and Tuesdays for 5.95! But I had the lasagna!, Hate Mornings!, I want a girl with a short skirt and a long jacket., wait, I think I fixed it! I'm signed in now at least... I think, Google "Up Emergency Powers Act 1933" if u like Jesse Jackson jr, WHAT!?!? Where/when will you be performing? Welcome to Texas btw., Thank you very much for the RT!, Great day meeting with new client/creative partner and recording another National Sam's Club Radio Spot..it's me and a female Sam's member.., ur an amazing basketball player but I could def beat you at madden, gives Dewhurst the nod, snubs former Dallas mayor Leppert...But what weight does the endorsement carry?, Hi ..... Sending Smiles and Great Vibes of ... relaxation, enjoyment and Peace <-- the emotional stress free kind .., if u can see this good come on tinychat cuz ryan in there he wants u on plz come on thx ^_^, calln you today, I love that says "Auntie" that's so Chicago lol, We had the tickets mailed to us. :-/, #20ThingsAboutMe; 11. I'm generally nice until you start to dislike me for no reason., RT : Awarding 2 - $4500 PPC Aruba Packages today @ the Isle. Good luck 2 all playing!, Looking at old pictures always put me in a good mood, omg u guys. Haha. I'm happy to see you guys hanging together again. So, when are you two gonna make plans to see me? lol, What are your plans for #NewYearsEve in #Philly? Going to see the fireworks? Date night or friends at a party?, yes!!! Can't wait!, We should really play boyfriend at Vicki's, u coming to school?, It was great meeting you both. I hope we stay in touch!, Good insight unc!, thanks. Actually trying to do some market research. So, really what do you think?, And the madness continues! Amped for and tonight at #WillametteValleyMusicFest!, Stay classy camas., #Boston if you like good food good drinks and live bands go to #Jonathan's Bar & Grill in #newton. Tell them CUBA sent u an get a deal., I'll take it RT : USA defeats England, 1-1!!! Nice result, great start to, On the road with #mcdm-ers and , talking social media engagement strategy with in Raleigh, NC. /avc, i fall too fast,crash too hard forgive too easy,and care too much, Happy Anything Can Happen Tuesday, the philosophy that each day is just a little better then the last.., I'm going to create a hand sanitizer that only kills the 00.01% of germs that the others can't kill., mother love bone always puts me in a good mood, - I'm very excited to see what's to come!, World's Fairs symposium continues at 2pm, Harrison Auditorium, w/talks on gender, & Catalan/Spanish conflict in 1929 Barcelona Exhibition, if meg sees this she should text me, Jedward was my big ear worm from last year. And the video was like a Target ad!, Coffee = A way of life., YES! Now that's a ticket I could really get behind. RT Totally cannot wait for Lane/McClain 2012!, will you be my bestfriend?(:, June and July...Body Be Free 2012 & Moni Lisa!, How can a man get raped ? That doesnt match up., Pacquiao agreed to being drug tested... What's stopping Mayweather now? Lmfao, who wants to go out in, follow me, ouch, i think my blister has a blister., please follow me :) thanks! Ning, that is so precious! lol so cute..., Apparently the Messiah lives in Denver, wears #15, and goes to the grocery store after broncos games., thanks so much!, In life you don't always get a chance to "do over" so put your best foot forward each day...this applies to parenting also, very true - it also means never having to look for instructions, i saw the Crestwood Donation story why don't they just get the guys name off the cc he used to buy the stuff at the store?, Watching a show on NatGeoWild. Conclusion? Orcas are very bad news., thanks for following. Do you train #cyclists?, Ask hi Yvonne, “Studies show homophobia is more common among people with an unannounced attraction to others of the same sex.” uh oh, #5Words ...Custom Website Design & Development., HOW'S MY BFF......AND HER PRETTY MOMMY????, im gonna have a heart attack! saint fucking iker!, just woke up from my Saturday nap to Notre dame football, Off to school to show off my new SEXAY smile!!!!, Just saw a guy with a fanny pack... My day is complete already and it's only 10:55am. Nice, good iPad typing skills are priceless for increasing efficiency, #FF some art deco and historic gems in #LA:, who wants to be next?, I drive, you buy???, all of my happi moments hav been raining weddin, birth of child,nkotb cruise etc, It's been pretty crazy here today too! i'm sure would agree! normally i don't mind mondays..., Been there, done that., After reviewing 20 faculty CVs, I'm pretty confident that I could make a lot of money formatting their citations for them. So many, RT : Thrilled to announce that I'll be joining as Head of Outreach & Consulting. Can't wait! Starting July 5., Tribune and DIRECTV come to an agreement ending four-day blackout., #20factsaboutme 16. I have my own personality and it's unique, Im going wit Pops.this weekend to see my baby sis jordan again what a gorgous baby., I'd love to be watching some Empire Strikes Back today, #BlackParentsQuotes Yo Ass Always On Facebook & Twitter.. U NEED A JOB! lol, Pei Wei Mandarin Kung Pao is inferior to Spicy in every way. It just tastes like soy sauce., alright, just remembered that we should try and have coffee...so how's your schedule looking? Around?, haha I love it man. Sorry I didn't thank you before., que paso??, CONGRAT'S to you and the ST crew Liz!, and rainy sundays are awesome vacation planning days, jammed room but looking forward to it, If you don't like what the world has to offer, In honor of the Instagram deal, I am building a business that will convert all tweets and postings into their poor-grammar equivalent., When you like someone so much , that it's scary to talk to them... I wish i had the confidence ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>, Glad I played sports in grade school because I ate really bad and often., That was cute, Were at a were fab location of course people! What do you take me for?, Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. Babe Ruth, If protesters really want to stick it to wall street, they'll go to the WH.Obama received approximately $3, 700,000 more than GWB from them, Just in: Sports energy in U.S. shifts from west to east: Rollerball on Netflix. Next up: Newt in Florida. #pdx I'm ready for, Welcome to Georgia! and Peter Konz, How many fed'l judges are bucking the OSCAR system for clerkship apps? Just heard from a little birdie that it's a growing trend ... on GP., Im trying to get a tour...kinda hard ha, conversation with a Macquque with a mowhawk. He said billy idol is rad., "No one will recognize me. A new face, a cold heart to stand in your way.", Did you make the cut? I hope so., Parents (not all of them, just more of them) have no idea what their kids are doing everyday. Do u agree?, It wasn't just social networking-but people who feel strongly and need a channel to act, and more testing, Eminem and Dre in top form. Amazing collaboration back in the day - evolved to incl. Rihanna and Skylar Grey, Come visit north ridgeville!, Wendus, baby cakes, loved you on the MyNameIsMahataa YouTube video. Can you plug it you incredibly awesome babe?, Smokin on that good......, So a Twitter search for Rockstar Racing brings up as a result. Umm... no?, it's Awesome.. Love it... PERFECT PERFECT PERFECT!<3, Every time you look at me, I look away. Every time you look away, I look at you. ~typical music class~*<U+2661>, Bring your kids to see Bugs Bunny at the Symphony at Wolf Trap Park on August 7th!, Boarding flight to Africa for the first time in my life., The horror! Lol, “: The favorite to win the 2012 #WorldSeries is the __________. #MLBFC” team that won't end up actually winning trophy., drinking beer in the hot sun, I get so many followers from topless tuesdays on tumblr., pm ! All night studio sesh., If you are an out of market hockey fan and don't want to pay for xm radio, the hockey radio app for iPhone is awesome, ;-) TY It's not easy, that's why I'm here in #blogchat ... to figure out how to make enough to feed them all, It would be more interesting if the Devils would score... we'll see!, WTH IS GOING ON TONIGHT, Loved chatting with you today. Thank you!, Making plans for next book signings and events., Right!! Hahahah! I am going to sleep :) Tonight's conversation was hilarious!!!!! :), Has that damn satellite fell yet?, I have been listening to that for at LEAST 2 hours tonight! On replay! And on YouTube watching your videos!.(: Iloveyou(:, Friday's performance of THE SHADOW BOX is sold-out on Goldstar. Call the Edgemar box office for seats: (310) 399-3666 or shoot for Saturday., Thanks for retweeting, I LOVE the positive words. Thank you so much! :), Playing the new fruit ninja like its my job, Thank you for staying with us! We hope to see you again soon., as would say, Awkward!! Good times, I like the Pacers and Lebron. The King needs his ring though, so I'm pulling for the Heat., Thank you., bout dang time! #kendalldidacover :) #49daysuntilBIGTIMESUMMERTOUR ah!!!! ARE YOU EXCITED?!?!?!, I can see Denver winning both at home, but something tells me the Lakers will steal one there, and come back and finish them off in 5, RT ***Starting Tomorrow, TEMA will pay your sales tax through the end of APRIL 2011.***, yeah he is just looked it up I like his skills, assuming our time was two years ago..., it's the same with me too.., Considering Spotify upgrade, if only to avoid jarring juxtaposition of "The Best of George Strait" ads with listening to Daft Punk., you can guarantee that the yinzers will be screaming from the mountaintops that it's just like the past 19 years if he does..., with skepticism in some quarters.), Best of luck in the NFL Thanks for your time as a Badger., you should., Sending good energy to all my friends in New York. Stay safe!, Just tried to send a message on the site, but I'm getting an error. Any other way I can message you guys?, Buccos are playing though, Jenna Talackova disqualified-- um no offense but... you did it just to get publicity-- not for helping the transgendered sex., Watching Tom & Jerry!! <3, Enjoying The Small Things In Life >>>>>>> YOLO, Team is growing day by day. First Now is on board. Whos next? ?, definitely closer to book one. Did you have a version you liked more? So many people have varying opinions on the subject., Think with your hands. Consider a stand-up work station. Engage your brain and body at the same time. Helps with focus., Very cool and interesting piece!! And, thanks for the shout-out! Good work and much appreciated., Ah, but I know a fax is going to be ignored; people will actually read a letter., My successful morning consists of hitting 4 pages of my 20 page paper. Gotta keep the momentum going!, I Like Dahh New, I baught a 30 pack down here for 11$......plus it has a mich 10 cent refund on it. Gas money for my trips home!, I always said if I got 100 followers I would step it up, Wow... Awesome they didn't grab the expensive items, but lame that they got the books. Poor resale value, but expensive to buy!, I signed!! I hope 1D does end up on Ellen!! Good Luck!, seriously! There's already this one girl at my school that know about them :(, Hell yeah ! RT : gold room leggggooooo!!!!!, It's getting down to the wire... One more hour until the polls close!, do u have a relationship with him or sumthing im sending this to people magazine, It's the Rickenbacker that does it. The 12-string electric guitar is the greatest sound in the universe. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>, Anyone want to perform my Passion for choir? Please?, RT : Honest feedback, getting to know them, sharing my own story, challenging them while supporting them, Bartender Albert & Matthew made our tax extension celebration complete!, Awe your first #FF ever?, What a happy surprise!! We need to catch up in Seattle!, Green Tip: Laundry Detergent: Add 1 cup washing soda and 1 cup of Borax as washer is filling add clothes. Cleans & Deodorizes!, S/O to Brittany's nasty pancakes she made at work!! LOL, right! I would probably only pay 20, and that's pushing it, thank you, love spending time with the kids! They are having a blast!, Niggas is always gonna talkwhether im doing bad or good so i figure mines well just live life and only answer to god in the end, a good reason to invite me back?, 1 step forward, 5 back RT ": Latest numbers put National Debt at 101.7% of GDP. Latest Debt posting stands at $14.589-trillion”, I thank God for blessing me with such amazing friends & such an amazing boyfriend...I'm truly so thankful., if i get 100 followers on here i will follow 20 of u on my ciarabravo account, Everyone in the Riverwest area north of Locust: your voting location is Fratney St. School., any idea if JFK or LGA are closing tomorrow?, Congrats, but this season we're all just fighting to be runner-up to Penn St., Follow and just because I said so. Now click follow and go enjoy the sun!, I can't wait to meet you., Met some very interesting people tonight...look forward to making more connections., How many KY fans are going to wake up confused tomorrow because their couch is missing?, Op Free helps empower vets and keep them serving in their lives, If I had a wiener right now I'd pull it out and pee on this annoying chick!, Wasn't that great? Definitely one of the classiest commercials I've seen tonight!, lol that woman shouldnt even have a phone, always losing it!, no, when did you send it? Feel free to resend to or, It doesn't say much for the way my brother's hair looked when I arrived that my efforts with his kitchen clippers made a huge improvement..., Good morning twitter. Time to go work on my day off. Yay me !!, waiting for a special call :P ¦¦¦¦, This. So much this. RT Nicki Minaj's lyrics are so complex!, I am fixing to be immersed in Edward Tufte's "Presenting Data and Information" workshop., Mall Or Movies 2morrow Who wit it? lemme know, Horrible thing to say smh.. RT I hate Kobe... I'm going to sleep, Thanks! You too., Eating skittles in art :P, #Ilovepeople that are straight up & tell you shit how it is., I love you but your too damn far.. :/, everything's great, thanks for asking Chris. How are things on your side of the World?, is a networking group & speakers series in Milwaukee, but you certainly don't have to live here to participate., IM HERE, Pathos with a punch, Looks like we have a venue and date for the first PDX Tech networking event! Stay tuned for details, Thanks for the RT., How long 'til your first Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory tweet from the White House?, come to room 416, it was not just hair pulling i seen punches also stop fronting plz., I want to be in Edgar Wright's "Ant-Man." Can anyone help with that?, ! #CGIU App is due the 23rd, I say group application!, Whats your opinion on Antonio Gates this year?, Dudes should just accept fault... makes life easier.., wow "michael phelps how big was your bong rip before your lap?" cool things radio is off the hook haha, Locked in the studio, thanks Ernie. It sucks!, A couple shots will have you sleeping like a baby., i like expensive pasta..., "Don't fritter your life away"-Advice From A Donut Shop Owner, hey there lady! Can't wait to see you and say hello!, Thanks & ! I met yesterday. He & the entire ID team were great!, I'm not even hungry. I want an ice cold ass drink and some peaceful ass sleep., And why the hell does the system have to be so complicated? It's a book. By a guy. The end., u know Jennifer Hudson has a hit song out "I Got This" same as your title this coming Sunday. Have u heard it?, Do you want your organization to play a role in the NLD initiative? Sign your org up today at www.nationallabday.org, FOLLOW ME PLEASE :)) I <3 YOU, Ughh might quit track because i cant run!!:/ i pulled a thigh muscle!!!;(, so nice of you. we're going to do one group hug at the end of the day i think., as soon as my P starts emailing, I'll give her your Ps email address....lol! They can email each other while in bed :-), stubbing your toe on a nightstand, Better than counting yours years is to make your years count., “: this is milwaukee cant trust many ppl”you ain't lying bro., thanks for the RT, hehehe I kno it was in good fun! U stoping by DC Reynold's 4 d Caps game? BTW, I am going 2 put d "south petworth" joke on d vid, I rarely give an assignment without posting rubric on my website. Always surprised by the # that never look at it., Shot hoops, ate doritos tacos, watched the #Lakers take the series against denver.., WIN a VIP table for our Big Super Bowl party this Sunday !! Follow & RT for your chance!, Right like, Its hot af, What programs have you developed to retain subscribers, members or donors?, Tryin to get comfortable in this little ass chair- not workin, lol y u mad, I've overlooked chubby, poor, borderline personality disorder, and "has a kid." Seriously, is "not too fat" and "smart" too much to ask?, Don't feel bad that your darkness is gone... I'll carry it for you., thank you! So nice to be part of the Show!, If your going to sample a legends work, please make sure u do a good job. Thank you, well, what are you waiting for? Join in, take pictures or get the hell outta there., PC tryn flame this lil short dude he said bet cha belt taller den u.... It damn near is, its not the same wen u spend Christmas alone it is wat it is have a good one #MerryChristmas i guess .., we're gonna be playing Brick By Brick in San Diego, CA on Oct. 26. It's a wednesday, so we know NONE OF YOU HAVE ANYTHING BETTER TO DO. 21+, doesn't sound like a Cubs fan when you actually win games, thanks so much!, it's not bad to have just a few friends. It's easier to focus on the ones that matter :), what's going on bro??, will hook you up on the info, My pleasure! Hoping that now the semester has ended, I'll be able to make #futrchat sessions this summer., :-) thank you Chris...we'll catch up at Pod Camp!, A little downtown swing at Smalls Friday & Satrurday at 10pm with the Quartet!, cant wait to see with 100+ yds and 3 tds on MNF against the Raiders to start the season! Go Broncos!, yeah we did!, Irish writer Kevin Barry followed by pints of Guinness and table across from Graydon Carter at the Waverly Inn, If the family were receptive to people coming into their home, I would go that extra mile, but they're suspicious of everything., we will. no doubt in my mind. i like going crazy with you., Valentine's Day is around the corner. Guys, what do you prefer, a Bikini or Brazilian wax?, The Commish happy to see his homie., If you're going to get any joy out of being depressed, you've got to stand like this ., I hope I'm top of my game as well as Christopher Plummer when I get to 82 years old., sweet poster., Awww... R.E.M. One of the greatest bands of all time. You will be missed but your music will be loved on forever., “: RT if you always skip the first piece of bread.”, Whatcha doing for #SuperBowl?? Having a gr8 party? Tell me about it &we might go live on @ Ur house after the game!, people need to just worry about themselves, then think u did them wrong when u fuss them out!, too late now:( the ducky will forever rest in my tummy, till I have to use the bathroom:D haaha, because she dosen't feel like cooking, it's 80 degrees out too., that sucks girlfriend! But I got to see my Raminaaaaa today! :))) love u!, my cloths were on all night!, 50 miles out from Charlotte, NC., good advice for all, not just underachiever. I know I didn't catch the context though - just butting in as usual :), In NJ5 stunner, McQueeny cancels campaign announcement, says he won't challenge Garrett for business reasons, ha! --> RT Can't wait until we have this technology in our cell phones. Can you hear me now? (Bottom of mineshaft), You're the best!, Bitch It's Problems Solve Em If U Got 1, a big thx to all our new followers! too many to list but we still love you, $NCVT: This stock has been swinging between .07-.51 in the last 60 days., a gentlemen never tells., we've been great! how've you been?, is working on some new songs., I like how when asked if the Lakers can guard the Thunder Kobe said "no". Where's your messiah now Laker fans?, oh well. i really don't care. ;D, the app is now 100% completely free.....because we love you., My stomach hurts., Rockin the mic in Boston 3p to 7p- paying your bills and sending you and 9 friends to see Daughtry, idk? Why do you?, Wasn't Obamacare passed on Christmas Eve? Why won't Senate Dems pass a year-long solution and not a 2 month one? Politics? Obama?, #DesperadoLife or slide off!, A Quark Extractor Machine? Sure, loads of them., ¦¦Yay! Im all happy now!¦¦, Wow. 10 of 14 UK basketball players, during the semester of their national title run, had a 3.0 GPA or better., Cake of the Day: Black Forest Cake :Chocolate mousse, kirsch cherries, and layers of devils food cake! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM, Former Spurs guard George Hill gets the start tonight for the Indiana Pacers in their playoff opener against the Orlando Magic, Oh here's a trick. Everyone stop spamming the boyz -__- , only tweet them ONCE or TWICE & then maybe you'll get noticed., :) According to some article sis read, he's playing... somewhere, I forget, in an independent league., hell yea bro nintendo64 then chill on the computer downloading illegal music off Napster :-), Vancouver going to start rioting again?! Congrats LA, Milwaukee celebrates Earth Day early, 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Fri. on Market St. adjacent to City Hall. Music, food and "near zero waste.", A tip for maximizing your relaxation: Be on time or even early to your appt. If you arrive in a frenzy or rush, it takes longer to relax., Clearly. “: Rondo tripped on someone's foot there...”, A few new faces this year helping run the meet with the Big Ten Conference outdoor t&f meet beginning today at the McClimon track at UW., I would like to sincerely thank the people at Lollapalooza for announcing this years lineup and subsequently saving me $230., We promise not to tease you about your scarf. In fact, we'll come up with new ways to wear it :), Merry Christmas from Black Belt Bachelor!, No matter what they say, I'm not over you., #SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 5, design becomes all the more important...hadn't thought of that., its understandable ., Of course :), deep face for the win : p, you gotta let me know what you think of art when loc brings it home..., The #Jaguars just did some Bryan Anger management. Punter helps bail Blaine Gabbert out of all those three-and-outs., RT : Happy #EarthDay!! Today, #volunteers across the country are engaged w/ their communities in #sustainability projects...., So if u were at #sxsw right now u would be A)Just getting up B)Just flying in C)At a session D)Just getting in from a party, Started the great migration to bring the music collection in as FLAC. Anticipate finishing in 2013., I got a 3.0 this semester according to the standard everybody else uses. But I didn't like it, so I decided I got a 5.1 based on my own, Going on crash diets or fasting for a few days to hit a certain weight goal is silly because once you start eating again you'll gain it back, Biking around Billyburg., I like good intentions, but at some point even the best intentions are corrupted when drawn from or used to promote lies., makin coin?, Today feels like a good day for a _______ pizza., Kinda REALLY bored..., that is better :), Ah. The actual release has been available for a week or two. I guess they held off sending the email for a bit., is definitely one of my favorite places in #MKE. Check out my instagram or foursquare to see why. S/O to, um your family will always be there for you., This dude is reloading his gun in the back of the train.?, Just love you... Your a doll, Interested in attending the PA Conference for Women? Your NAWBO membership gets you a $15 discount. Use discount code: PACP24, follow the top home town newspaper writers & twit links for specific teams, just did a shot of honey . I'm so fucking sick ., yeah, joe lando was boring in 1961, bitch is OLD, I'm at cliff makin these fries, instead there will just be people stopped in the middle of the sidewalk tweeting., I want to give you the Gas Card. No winner tonight. Saturday's Ten at 10:00 is now $150., I'm not even talking about the cloud, just my local NAS/Homegroup. And I don't really put video on my android., Hey, are you the famous Matt from the article?, Solid! What's your major field of study ?, dont feel good at all....ugh...i feel sick feel like im about to throw up...., It didn't say anything..., Thanks. It just happened., thanks so much for the shout out! Really appreciate it!, remember when you were still in public school just a regular boy ?, Who is coming to our first show back with My Ticket Home and Visions?!, The physician can bury his mistakes, but the architect can only advise his client to plant vines. -- Frank Lloyd Wright (via Ross Brunson), The word #DIET does not necessarily mean eating less or eating things that do not taste good. DIET is how you eat., - I'd say The Philippines was probably the most interesting, but my fave was a short film we shot out at the Kelso Sand dunes., (facepalm) But for comedic sake, keep going., Thanks for giving them such great stuff to say! Good luck in your future endeavors :), am i more unhappy with Like A Prayer or Bills, Bills, Bills stuck in my head?, And look who is holding this little fawn? Human hands...caring hands...loving hands...healing hands. Can we do that for each other?, Ya'll can play some melancholy strings with me anytime. : ), Four corners: authenticity, engagement, Social ROI, community, Midwest Middle School Showcase in Chicago! M14hoops.com for more info, sure do!, Haha the album art is actually the twitter profile picture/background on my profile :), Old Navy is having a sale, I got the cutest sweaters for $15! Run don't walk, Kidz Take the Stage performance of OZ tonight at 7pm. Tickets are $9 and available at the door. Hope to see you there!, It was nice seeing you today. U waved to me and I got a pic <3 :), Sometimes I get so passionate for gay rights that I forget I'm gay. Awkward..., Im a real big fan of yours but im the joke to you but it wasnt a joke when you kissed me in your room and replied i love you too, Just a bit outside, Agggg i love you mal-mal. i think so too :) get you something on your booty booty butt cheek ;), Happy Halloween!, Red wine & dark chocolate are such a good way to end the day...you agree, Miss ?, Currently my broken foot is attending university events in hiking-type sandals. Comfortable, but not so smart-looking. Sigh., OccupyPBS wants more programming in Spanish, good taste!, i would really love a king missle reunion show!, One thing that will never change: the love for my family., Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo! How do you plan on celebrating? I'm looking forward to homemade tacos and margaritas., Just saw McDonalds has Big Macs for 99 cents. This is y our country suffers from obesity. Junk food is cheap food., Its YOUR life, so DONT waste YOUR time worrying about how other people live theirs., I don't play to be famous or get my name out there. I play because it's what I love to do. That's music at it purest., bwahaha u know i gotta laugh at that right?!! by the way, how hv u been hun?, November 7th marks the return of DC's premier Hip Hop producer event ... The Beat Down at U Street Music Hall., Shout out to my angel she's the true meaning of motivation, I can't even imagine the pressure she faces having to essentially 'out do' Michelle's performance in Returns. I'd be terrified of, now you get to be on top of Cody when you go to the beach(;, Turned Up to here at da Shop!!, Speaking in pieces of a man, staring at a future in the creases of my hand., Chilling with, I'm starting his classes really soon ., . #space and roller coasters. No way one can go wrong with that combo ;), praying for you & a quick recovery!, Look for major updates on Http://www.dagnomusic.com over the next couple of days !, no matter how much I love one direction, always comes first., RT : Study: 56% students nearing graduation wouldn't work for a company that blocked Facebook & Twitter ti.me/t5EYqO (via ), Congratulations from all of the USF Supporters here in Tampa! You guys got a really great guy in !, That video was kind of scary. Getting hit in the arm with a pitch and passing out at first, bizarre., I'm laughing so hard right now idk why <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, Thanks for sharing!!! Hope you have a great day!, Exec Producer of Blair Witch? Filed Bankruptcy. Bad investments or screwed by the system? What do you think?, good morning everyone. i hope you have some fun activities planned for today., I can't wait till she backstabs you, cause when she dose I'll be there for you and you won't even know I've been there the whole time, I hope you have a wonderful week :), Indeed, thanks! Wrapping up already!, wack g..we called the manager out like for real????, yea, good stuff, ": tebow is ripping it up. Looks like that blind squirrel got LASIK" Or he put double in the offer plate this am?, (now ) iPhone app just alerted me that my flight was at the gate. My flight from last Saturday, that is. Oops., With relegation and promotion, we could give Canadian teams a chance to move up to the MACtion., Tell me whatcha want, cause we can do just whatcha like ;), Max took care of him, which wasn't easy because his hobby was murder., It's really cool to watch every kid some how find their parents in the stands! Proud brother today:), RT : Vermes shut up you idiot, #FF The Best Arizona Restaurant Resource!, when was the last time this occured...had to be the Whitey days with Willie and Ozzie, thanks for everything at Graduation :) Have s blast at the wedding!, Surround yourself with diverse people with diverse ideas; otherwise you will suffer from GroupThink Syndrome., game 3 hasn't happened yet. Don't go jumping to conclusions, Some weird stuff happened last night!, Come to think of it, don't I ask that question at least once a week?, I will be discussing #braininjury on this Monday 3/26. Check your local listings for the time in your area., no problem..we'll do it some other time, is that bad?, Um has anyone else seen the new York Peppermint Patty commercial? Wow., 1000 tweet goes to :* you're gorgeous, we should talk more ^.^, sick demo! Game play feels slower than 10! Almost NHL 94 like!!!, I don't "favorite" tweets often...but well played., TY! RT : it worked perfectly... No buffering or anything. The movie was ace too. Ill defo use the service again:), aww that sounds awesome! I bet it was a great crowd! Glinda seems like such a fun role..I love love "Popular" such a fun song!, cheer! Cheer! Cheer!!, follow me to learn about #jobs and job opportunities Nationally =) !!!, Today was good. :-), that a fly car, Oh!Thanks!!:), so wats up wit u, There are 5 different political parties in France. But the French will tell you the Ctr Right always wins. agree?, its not working Zam! I'll never learn!, Sorry, was sick weds, classes ALL day thurs. checked fb pg for update. are we on hold? who has major probs w/ what?, 12 Days until Mark Twain letters exhibition opens. Preparations under way..., #perfectday would be for this boy to ask me out in a romantic way lol I <U+2764> romantic things :D, Michael, great CEA event tonight and thanks for all you and Gary do to promote innovation and technology for great jobs!, “: Does your campus #stuact office do any summer campus programming? What types? What is your typical attendance? #sachat”, things are great, will shoot you an email to catch up!, The best advice I've found is don't look down, RT : Q3 - What are some tips for those entering the field of online training development?, Currently working for Cuban sensation , William Levy . On Dancing with the Stars . Tune in , ABC every Monday at 8 pm, It's me joshmeatsix This was a bad idea Altpress...i'm English and feeling cheeky. Lets sta by saying Happy Valentines Day, fake holiday, Tears and testimony. Amy Senser's day on the stand in her hit-&-run trial. Mark Albert's live report from court on KSTP-TV at 6p., follow me back lol, so like her friend thought maybe "josh" knew where she was or whatever so she asked him and the pedophile kidnapped her and like, Oh, no doubt! I agree. But I see a huge level of interaction on FB, especially to photo/video, which I rarely see on Twitter., I cried when I saw it., It is better to light a lamp than curse the darkness., Who yep I just might have to get back on the imports, SLEEPING ON AND OFF. ITS ONE OF THOSE NITES! :P, Awaiting the big day!!!, We just made it to 3000 followers on Twitter! Thanks everyone!, San Francisco is certainly the place to be during Chinese New Year! When are you thinking of coming out to SF?, Good morning. It is a very nice day. I'll probably sit outside too later. :), It's so nice to have tons of customers visiting the bike shop with such nice weather! See you soon!!!, Anyone in need of a background vocalist for a tour. Im ready now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Huge props to with the assist, Learn something new everyday... That's the beauty in life :), that shouldn't be too bad, unless he doesn't have any #rollgame (roll as in drum roll), golden globe show was great, No, we're looking for someone in NYC who can come into the office., Char Booth is talking about learners and how we provide them with better service #oclcwebscale UCLA, That was the best D ND has played all night, Those of you voting in NC today MAKE SURE AMENDMENT 1 IS ON YOUR BALLOT There are reports of voters not getting proper ballots, latest stable chrome build messed up my a:visited transitions. :(, Limited Edition "SNO" Shirt's Get some they are going quick!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com, it will be GLORIOUS, Trying to decide what color I paint my nails is constantly a problem, Yeah I was wondering that too...just saw it on a post on Google+, Nd now I gotta wait for my ride., RETWEET and u can WIN: 49 winners will win cd's and ONE grand prize winner will win a cd, poster, and $50.00 gift card!!, I'm #notinterested in a fine chick who aiint got a damn thiing to talk about. 411 hoe!!! Yu ain't the only. Good lookiin bitch in LA. WORD!, Seeing the world in a new creative light today., the iPhone should require a double click for links in Safari - single click makes content-dense sites like huffingtonpost impossible to use., Exactly! The Leather Bound Book says, 'Be Ye Transformed By The Renewing Of Your Mind!' Romans 12:2. You too enjoy your day, might want to Check their..63 on the health code score last week.., Life is meant to be lived in the way you choose!, Don<U+FFFD>t play hard to get, instead play hard to forget, Ladies Night at Cardinal Bernardine School tonight in Orland Park, IL!!! Come and get your holiday shopping done!!!, Friendly tip: don't share your vibrator!, it makes me so happy when I hear taylor swift because I think of you, STATE BOUND!, yeah.. I think only one of my other two classes has group work.. Hmm this might be an awkward and confusing switch since the prof has, ONE RUN GAME! 7-6 Cardinals!, I always just get it the day I get there, Cool. Been reading Galloway's Protocol, and thinking more that we should do an edited volume on the return of the Early Modern., Thank God, I am not poor! I would hate to know that the potential GOP president "is not concerned about the very poor", as Romney stated., Thanks for the ReTweet!, is sponsoring the Revolt Summer Surf Series event in PB this weekend! Come check out the action all day Saturday & Sunday at Crystal Pier!, video tutorials rock. Just watched a 5-star recording about, oh lucky guess.. And it was on my floor!, “: Bye, bye Penguins...” I knew I liked you!, Also check to make sure that he or his wife can make some decent eggs. We wouldn't want James Neal to go hungry., If only u could find me a babysitter. MT Tonite's special: Scallops, Celery Root Puree, Sauteed Apples & Bacon in a Cider Sauce, I think I swallowed some plastic .. oops, Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, how tf does all of that happen to you in 3 weeks??, Thanks for the shoutout. And you are smokin' btw., it seems I have already been in 2 sessions with you and haven't found you yet. Are you going to the reception tonight?, just fire spitting, breh, Setting up for our second variety show! It's the El Paso Edition. Check out the new show that will post this weekend!, I love old skool R&B #VH1Soul Channel, Those attending 's boot camp receive 60% off their ticket to tonight's Big Idea. Don't miss this opportunity!, We wish the the best of luck as they go for their sixth league championship this weekend!, I'm proud to be the daughter of kylito! Love you dad!:), we just finished loading up the car and about to leave. What about y'all?, Hey guys, do NOT wake up carol., My father taught me that sometimes you need to be silent. So at this moment I will be silent., The Scream tweets! - What version are you? #aam2012 I predict in the future more museum objects will have a voice., I don't know if your number is still the same, but I texted you.. just text me.. 503 935 9200, I did not say that I am offended, I said that you are wrong., No one likes her anymore, I don't get why she just doesn't leave twitter and take her friends with her., Q6 Is starting my own biz a fall back plan if I can't get a job?, Correction: The (pre) Yuri's Night #DCDrinkUp will be on Thursday, April 5th at Rocket Bar!, Sheldon messes up Leonard's chance to help Penny tonight at 6:30 on The Big Bang Theory!, If your dying 7 year old wants to trend on twitter his last day on earth you have utterly failed as a parent and human being., Love Burlesque? In the mood for something dark and sinister this week for Halloween? Check out the www.wrathskellar.com, Top SEO - twitter.com/expert, Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy, i said get me outa here i said get me out of here!, RT : It is still early days for adoption with 63% saying #cloud services support less than 5% of their IT needs #interop webcast..., SO I HAVE CLEARLY MAXED MY BATTERY OUT...IM DOwn TO 8% so i shall return my twitter friends, Madisen sick too. Hope you get better soon, sorry :(, Using a dot matrix printer at work. It is the size of a small car and loud enough to require ear protection. It should be in a museum., Its so good she call it SUPERDICK, Just noticed I'd lost 4 followers over the weekend! Let them know I will hunt each down & force them to refollow! #lovemeplease:), I just said the same thing to my husband!, TONIGHT: Book launch/signing/reading by - The original #Pfister Narrator + #AIR Shelby Keefe farewell, At last...the cast is off!!, I like that the best. Tenacious, beautiful, smart., tweet to mr, Thanks for the follown, "The best remedy for anger is delay." Brigham Young, So hungry right now...must...wait...30...more...minutes..., Fuck! I missed brian and Jeff eating at Ben's. So pissed. .comcnlbnl, Back On My Grind!, RT : Life is short!! Enjoy it people !!, All i want to do is go home and go to the concert., S'ok. Sometimes I accidentally miss people. :3, I love my hair :), I am curious. Last night on preview 4 nxt wk it looked like Trump was looking in ur direction when he said fired. Say it isnt si, Can you send me the link to triathloner with Lymes, please., yeah I often hear myself say "I said what???!!!". Hope you and Quinn are well. Happy Advent!, My whole band stopped rehearsal to watch you! You were amazing and we are SO PROUD! You NAILED that song!!!, good morning.. Where can I send you some tracks for your upcoming project?, They gave him over a hundred million to blow on mediocrity (Carroll, Henderson, Downing, Adam) and he finished 8th., Awesome! How has it gone? RT : - i have been trying to switch all of my products to turkey, Please let there be bees on that TREE., Anybody ever seen "surfer dude"?, Why do customers act surprised when I don't call them back until Monday? "I called you on Sat. why didn't u call me back?", hope you watched our fav scientist kick ass on, Damn hommie just dissed me bad!!!, congratz! Looking forward to checking it out., I dun like it when older people come to me for relationship advice... Um, you're 27... I'm 20 0.0, Congrats bro watch out for my Cowboys next season hopefully LOL, Clickbank Tutorials - BANS - EBay Store The Easy Way, unbelievable stat, no problem!, I don't know what you said about the band, but I'm just gonna assume its positive :) thanks!!!, I'm working on that lol RT : you should write a book... Lol, We felt the earthquake all the way down here in Richmond. At Bottom's Up eating pizza when it happened. Just thought it was a train., Is it wise to court the man that all the girls want..., I like you. Let's hang out, Awesome to see you, my friend! =D How are you?, Attachment parenting is idiotic. There I said it., i just have so many fucking feelings thank you #glee i love you, ...I neglected to add that I sign-off on contraceptives each day as a pharmacist. Am not against. Enough of my 2-cents. "Hugo", wow!, “I think every human being has a level of melancholy in life and in general.”—Sandra Bullock, Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul; man cannot live in health without them. Mahalia Jackson, How can you reassure someone something while at the same time reassure yourself?, Add me on LiveProfile my PIN is LP1JBJEG LiveProfile :D, Aged cougar = pterodactyl, Thank u! Tues, 11/8 u can vote 4 me 4 the new Mayor of The Smiley Morning Show on Facebook! Don't vote 4, There are so many bees Around my patio..., It feels like a Bun B kind of morning. (cc ), Sorry to hear this. Do you have a CS ticket number we can look into for you?, Here is where my problem lies (you too maybe) - Forums - Diablo I: It is that deep down, I really just want a Diablo II with better..., Is he my man hell I dont know He act like it when he want to & sometimes he dont. IDGAF to be real anyway I'm out with my cousins having fun, -Twitcon is pretty ;), Scott's homemade Chessecake tonight in honor of National Cheesecake Day . Looks yummy!, y u put the pic up where u used to prostitute down at the tx workforce comission?, And lectures? What lectures? ;), I'd be trying to pick Braun off of 1st, too, if I were Arroyo. Test that Achilles., No classes today...it's finals prep day, so study hard students, the holiday break is in sight!, amazed to see brazilian beaty in washington DC talking about I'a am doer, RT i called my mother and told her happy mothers day and she said happy mothers day to you to....... 0_o • Hahaha xD, now that we got it we just cant give up, So perhaps I should mention I'm giving food blogging a try?, Perfect read for me today! Thank you!, Following up on KC posi event & planning next adventures. prepping for Laguna/Montage gig. Faith made me do this :), If you've been on the fence wondering whether to become a BBcoach, stay tuned! I've got something you're gonna "Like"! :-) Have a gr8 day!, honestly your a great friends, thanks for always being there for me. #AprilFools I hate you., well alrighty than thank you for the Q & A, its a lazy list...he basically gives gold stars to Borges for not screwing up Denard, Did you receive the email?, Ugh so annoyed., Looking for problem-solving/puzzle iPad games for my 7yo. Happy to take suggestions, I follow people that I think are interesting but I just realized I am following someone that tweets in a different language!, ok..i know we are tired of the snow...but you have to admit it is truly the most beautiful site!....heavenly made...delicate and gentle..., Wow--Wikipedia on hunger strike. Where were you the day the internet died?, i might be going to a couple of your shows!!!, Hiphop international is following meh :D, : My attendance., Dear food poisoning, this isnt working. i think we should start seeing other people., Closed groups can lead to inbred ideas/answers, but I'm seeing more turn into collaborative communities., if you and caitlinn leave my house wih saying bye one more time ill kill y'all. :), yeah you did, Or cynicism. You can't make fun of anything these days. Life is too serious...step back, take a breath, laugh...and carry on., -- Love what you guys are doing with Yoke. Was talking to some VC friends in DC about this concept a few weeks ago!, cuz I've sat with this girl that needs company, “The words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels.” ~Hazrat Inayat Khan, Your friends, they look good but you look better., Jason Terry will be a Free Agent to, "Teaching with technology" is the exact same thing as "teaching", unless you're just talking on the grass with no books, notes or exams., BREAKING NEWS MICHELLE RHEE RESIGNED! GRAY WILL NOT CONTINUE THE EDUCATION REFORM THAT HELPED DC GET 75 MILLION IN FEDERAL FUNDING!, Been WAY too long since I've been there. Enjoy!, i should! (: i love them, I can't believe I was so close to not bein a true mb fan anymore but a JetSetter....but I wasn't gonna stop....just support less =/, We're pretty excited for this, Nothing good, Sushi w my man made it all better. Plus new highlights. Red! I've always wanted red hair. Can't do it...but got copper highlights. :), - cool stuff and a great way to co mingle all the future smart products, u gotta hear this new tape yo, BigXII would have them if they had more sports., These noddles actually good, Sure, but lesson still stands. If you want to be found on Google in the right context, use relevant titles (cc ), you say it's your birthday? well it's my birthday too yeah! well, not mine exactly, but delectable turns one today! yippee skippy!!, me that's who. I'm bored so I asked what's up?, That 2 mile run just gave me LIFE!, didn't realize you created that visualization! Great work, its fascinating. I'd love to see a 1600-1750 version., Wake up 10 minutes before the alarm clock rings. Go back to sleep just for 5 minutes. Wake up 2 hours later., challenges not challengers, Gingrich calls for Pell grants (vouchers) for all K-12 students., Gotta safe full of cherries cause I pop it and lock it., follow back please, My girlfriend left me because of my obsession with Linkin Park. In the end, it doesn't even matter., I told u not to steal those tortas!! Haha, Do I qualify for a FollowbACK?, Okay ;D, Thanks. I'm worried about her., Lovesick Clothing is selling shirts to raise money for Japan at 18th/Baltimore-come say hi!!, Lisa Vieyra states, "It is ironic that the program being emulated is being eliminated.", it's all the folks connecting there to go to NOLA for the final four. NCAA doesnt hook the dr up? Shame, I'm not that mad just disappointed with the terrible defense. Win at home thats all., I hate seeing happy couples.. -_-, Pythagoras~ In anger we should refrain both from speech and action., Now a dude with a 10 million dollar pool, Me; were so gay. ; I'm gay. Lololololol, Confidence + intelligence + hard work = success!, April is comig soon! :-), we have the weirdest youth pastor ever. Lol gotta love Eric, There's always a little truth behind every 'just kidding., 2 days left! I met so many women in LA who I hope our girls turn out to emulate, and now I'm off to NYC for more! So excited!, 9 am run >, Thank you :D, Daily Deals are a win-win-win! Help customers save money, help local businesses find more customers. Follow our sites to find out more!, follow me please, NC State, I presume. You don't seem like the Nevada type., Been a busy little bee! How is you?, totally made my day with this <3 i was waitin for you to start singing "i am like a bird, i wanna fly away" at the end haha, A: It's true that is skewed young, but there are more adjust professors & librarians than you'd get at most conferences, Let's Go Bucks!!, face/ body combo haha, ~why is Mary did you know not available on iTunes? I want it, but will not put 1.29 on my card when I have iTunes credits., DESTINY TO THE RESCUE! I'm comin' baby!!!, Beauty is skin deep., Neil Diamond and #Fenway. Both are 100 years old and recently had reasonably acceptable facelifts., kay, soo... is absolutely beautiful<3 we love her so much! Please follow back? xo, "You're just one smart ass son of a bitch. Shut your pie hole."- Old lady talking to her grandson next to me, #Disparities data chlling: Infant death rate for Black Americans twice as high as for White Americans. Info via &, Oh how I'll need a Bud after this day. I'm starting to think Budweiser is to life like Gatorade is to a workout, Back to the Future, Thanks for the mention Monster Steven! MyFlik.com would like to interview you about your award winning animated films., I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL., We are apart of STA Travel discounts. 10% off. Check them out and get their card!, I love me some Ace hotel, but they've gotten pretty stingy. so sneaky. They give ya $25, but ya gotta spend $100., hey kiddo, so excited to start volunteering so many cute puppies and kitties!, The Moon!, At doctors office what will he find this time, Thanks so much for the RT ;), U trynna get shot??, don't you hate it when you go to the supermarket and lady gaga steals your pants?!, I ain't tall enough tho., its all good girl haha, such a great meal last night that I had dreams about the fried oysters and Mac n' cheese!, We're about to upload photos from our Sapphire Foundation Golf and Poker tournament! Stay tuned..... ;), its cool not too big, Had a boring day, pick me! Haven't been down in a while. Love LaPerla!, Me and the homie Mono watching the celts game talking about the Jordan days. Good times., no long term impact for schools -unless- they win the championship like UK #sbchat ...banners hang forever, looks amazing.., Look at Tina Fey glamming it up! Loving the burgandy Oscar dress she's wearing just wish the top was a little more interesting, Even the suggestion might make my wife leave me. I'm gonna go ahead and say "maybe"., You have lost your mind. Tyler Hansbrough v2.0, We at Gateway if you're not here you're, You're HAAWWWT ! like Dayum c;, In Austin today for a gig. Return to the set of I Am Gabriel on Saturday. Shooting 5 scenes! Busy day., i love them omfg are you kidding me, We'll sneak out!, Be a good Texan. Buy an extended cab pickup. Don't forget the horse trailer! ;-), I dislike hypocrites. I ain't bout that life., whats good ma, I dont talk to you often lately but its always nice to read your tweets and know you are there ;), To be fair, this does feel like the longest week ever., Thanks for coming to speak at WLC! Loved the presentation a lot., The Imaginary Band correction ~ our show at 58 Main will be August 11th! Somehow my twitter tweeted without me! Next show 4/28 at Mastrellas, no that's alright, hopefully I wake up early.. thanks though., RT A4cwsn will give an iPad away to a Military Family at Noon EST on Christmas day, Love it! "GIS as a gateway drug at the " -Laurent, Popping rolaids, chased with Shiner., Okay I listened to this song by your band last night, and you guys are awesome!! I am now a Fan! <3, Feel better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>, I really appreciated the phone call! Thanks!, I walked all the way down the hill... make that threat sooner bro, don't worry Justin, I'm already following :) now all I need is for u to follow me and I'm all set! I love u jb!, The more places I go, the more I appreciate where I live, Cleveland/Chattanooga Tennessee are truly world class!, Hannahan hits a 3 run home run in the bottom of the 2nd. TRIBE up 4-0, Welcome, little sister! RT : Fashionably late?, it was so awesome meeting you! You're so sweet! :) thanks for finding me after, The worst thing is regretting in the grave!, OMFGG!!my mom asked me if I want new converse I didn't even ask her she read my mine!OMfG I love u!!#imaspoliedbitch ^_^<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327>cnt wait till 2mm, I want Potbelly for lunch. I'm hungry already., Print project, feature film shoot, and film screening over the next couple of weeks. Busy is good., Until you get back on the road full-time, you haven't started anything., Heath Bell is killing me, one-Q-eight-four maybe?, An objective for the day, training data (what U did), what U learned, successes for the day, solutions needed, goal statement, justin bieber., craigslist can be crazy at times. Check out roommates.com I've had better luck there, Liberator Prentis Sibley says "I don't know why I'm up here, I'm not a hero." He tells of seeing a camp abandoned by Nazis., Unique RT "people with mild hay fever found that kissing with soft music in background for 30min...lower allergy symptoms", I'm hungry and I'm boycotting Megabytes. Looks like a lunch trip to Chipotle might be in order. Gunna pay with Eaglebucks!!!, RT : Great work by all four! RT : I just won a Pulitzer Prize with , and !, Don't new makeup to cover up, being the way that you are is enou-u-ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> #WhatMakesYouBeatiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>, im waiting on this Lake Show game.., Anyone know who the girl is in B.O.B's video "So Good." She is incredible.., Meeting with a chiropractor tonight to make a decision on what type of washable/reusable head-rest covers I'm going to make for her., Ur making so much money yet u still live and home with mamma at 22!!! SMH go get u a degree so u can make some real money oh that won't, Thanks! Considering starting to home brew and wondering if I should grow my own hops....and what kind., 'Massive Midwest Storm Moves East' Great, I'm heading to Boston tomorrow. Wish me luck., I just got salty af. Lmfao, let the sleepless anxiety begin...., Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you., I see ur mouth talking but i cant hear , other ppl can but they dont feel yu !!, well good luk :), Lets chat about this in the next few days and try to make something happen., just leavin work, Y females want to fuck da Nigga with da nice car? When u have to fuck him at Ur house cause he stay with his moma....cause that note so high, how is it?, Continued... Pachyderm project iPad app generated by, The eastern Wisconsin city that takes credit for creating the hamburger is holding its annual celebration of the sandwich this weekend., Ghouls= Gross Hermits Out Unearthing Leftover Spareparts, you always have me to talk too!!!! ;), Getting Billions without having a nickle sounds Federal to me, Only lost 2 games yesterday, There is something about your headshot that I just love...scruffy yet mesmerizing lol..., --in just a few minutes! Kelley brought a big cake, sparkling cider, everyone signed a card - flowers on my desk - so nice, Dear wack "artists": Quit making music already, your shit effen sucks., Having dinner at El Barco on Ashland tonight., “: Band Aids are racist” I JUST said that last week!, Omg they censored peso on I heart radio . I kinda like it clean version, Let's trade in all our judging for appreciating. Let's lay down our righteousness and just be together.” <U+2015> Ram Dass, #ThatMomentWhen someone moves their bag so you can sit next to them on the bus., We're so glad you're here!, #Ginna alarms going off in Ontario - You don't need alarms within a 10 mile radius of wind farms...just sayin, I never blow dry my own hair. I've literally pulled muscles doing it., CONGRATS! on the 2012 Best Places to Work in Vermont ranking., Happy Easter! Headed to mass at Xavier in NYC, Burning the midnight oil and accomplishing some travel tasks. woohoo!, You forget to charge your phone..., whoa that was kinda scary google..., but the #PR grind missed you so much!, party in california, Absolutely Hilarious! Best street scene ever. I'll follow your Friday night path for cheap entertainment w/ "On Demand"., I'm pretty sure I saw that "It's gonna be May" meme a long time ago., Hard to sneak a piece of cheese by a hungry rat, I'm reading "Drive" by Daniel H. Pink - what motivates people? read this book to find out - very interesting read, U can make more frnds in 2 mos by being interested in others than you can in two yrs by trying 2 make others interested in you-Dale Carnegie, Thanks so much for the follow, Lynn! Happy Friday!, Cooking demo tonight at The Clifton Inn - Turkish food - m - I wonder what Tucker will be cooking up ?, WHAT? boo. i'm gonna be stuck with a load of 90s-era "on the internet nobody knows you're a dog" articles on digital identity., did my presence for a few days get you into twitter and foursquare ?, Eating a honeycomb. I need somewhere to spit the wax besides my hand., Hope all my mermaid fans have a great day!!! Mermaid kisses for all!! :), Damn at church again, you obviously got time for it if you keep tweeting me back ., Injured Zaheer Khan out for Day 2;, Choral final -.-, I want to have my way with you, Some #40k fiends are down here playing! Come join in on the fun! Scream WAAAGGHHHH! and receive an additional 5% off your purchase!, no MAN should ever except the excuse/reason, i don't remember what happened last night., notice though I said paisley was the greatest "country" guitarist., Thx to you also., Woke up w/ running through my head: "have no fear brooklyn's here!" You're gonna love the new songs., Have a Huge Wedgie.. E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103, JUST GOT A TUMBLR... :O TWEET ME AND ILL TELL U WAT IT IS TUMBLR KINDA SCARES ME I HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO WORK IT LMAO HELP?, Join our mailing list and get 20% off your next order!, Good Morning & Happy Friday San Diego! Time to get news from YOUR favorite hometown news We're less than 5 minutes away!, I seriously hate Adele, I hate ppl who say their ICONiacs but not true ones!!, I just read a bulletin advertising the "Sisterhood of Gay Women." And here I thought that incest was still illegal in the state of Texas., When it comes to treating fleas on pets-read all labels & administer product according to directions-don't miss a dose., Just saw a tweet that said 'Katy can sing live better than Adele.' What world are you living in?!?, everyone was too busy studying... right? :), We both know it, Spokane Chiefs can put away the Vancouver Giants tonight and get on to Round 2....., If you happy and you know it clap ya hands, A HIT, Bout to take this permit test wish me luck guys, watch party in the office for, Hell yes Michonne!, Great Mardi Gras party tonight! Eggers Band did a great job! Off to bed now!!!, After a Dwayne Eley, Jr. fumble, the Storm capitalize and score on a rushing touchdown from QB Stephen Wasil. Storm lead 48-17, Any cios at #nascio2012 willing to be interviewed for a stateline article about public safety interoperability? Email, It's good man. Hopefully won't have it too much longer, but we'll see., I just put the seat back and sleep, Gonna take a walk in a mo, Facebook needs these 3 buttons: "dislike", "who cares?", and "are you an idiot?!" ugh... Ppl sometimes. *rolls eyes*, Owww Ash check you out. Love the new icon! Miss you babe., #hubwork mega design panel commencing NOW!, Ours actually had a little slip with a 6 on it in the bag, like a tiny IOU., Are u down with the get down???, Awesome! Love it! BTW, hello and thanks for the follow. :), LT12UK I'll be at booth 41 near escalators come say hello!, Thank you for always being up-to-date and in-the-know of ATL events!, you know... I do nice things time to time for this chick I hang out with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, "We used to be really close and now I'm lucky if I get a hi :(" :(., What an effort this is:To go follow someone just to go & unfollow a couple of days later.# of followers will not make you less of a moron!, It was great. Talks on reducing arrhythmia, homebrew sleep sensing, goal setting and social networking aggregation. Video soon!, charles shaw RT : What kind of wine pairs best with top ramen?, Informative day planned talking about mobile dev at Mobile Strategies Forum sponsored by, congrats on setting the NFL Primetan league record last weekend. Next time, don't listen to, Please follow a great all digital Golfing/ Luxury lifestyle magazine!, Because I'm in such a good mood ^_^, swirling shades of blue , slow dancing in your eyes . the sun kisses the earth, and i hush my urge to cry ., work work work!!!!!! then the marlins game tonight!!!!!, going through and fixing licenses on my slideshare uploads - CC-BY-SA for most of them, (old unpaid claims, not current issues), Thanks for the follow. Your face looks very familar., Man I've had lazy days in the past, but this is the laziest one in a while, feels good especially since the weather is so crappy...., #childhunger...twit and help, shout-out to my boys for killing it last night Hollywood's #1 House Music Spot!, “: I guess I'm gonna give baseball 1 more try and If I don't make it then oh well #atleastitried” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, Dude, you should follow this guy Rob. He's such an amazing person in so many ways, and so funny!, Our mission: 1. to reduce # of homeless pets in Oh, I can't wait to get the goods this year!, As water reflects the face, so one's life reflects the heart. (Proverbs 27:19 NIV), Vitamin Water X: has always tasted like makeup. This is why I drink it., Sorry... Cannot see a thing behind mine!!, Can i get a fucking donut???, We should make a cereal, RIP Leslie Nielsen. You are awesome., thanks! I really enjoyed having you in class! Stay in touch!, not much here. Sorry I missed your Skype call yesterday., I mean, mosquitoville., that is true. Thank you! :), omg and now there are tons of sirens going on. seriously. where do I live? Detroit? lol, Wonder if the $2B includes the rights to the alternative brand name: Lo$ Angele$ Dodger$, It's not actually that bad this year. Only 2 starters on D and 1 on O are listed as ORs., RT : Why do people always wanna be someone that they're not, I can forgive your screaming child that throws toys, but you need to shhh with your stomping and loud phone calls if ur living on 2nd floor, W00t!! There goes my Audible credit! “: The Goliath audiobook, read by , just appeared on the iTunes store!”, you should apply for the #BEARS offensive coordinator job. I hear it's open. You can use Travis as a reference., Diet Coke (the drink, not the other stuff), This movie doesnt seemed so scary :P, Twitter & SEO-FYI-Your indexed tweets & followers help build the PageRank of your Twitter page with their inbound links!, I need to sleep!, filming again this weekend for my LOVELY DAY video. Hope to get filming done so it can be edited and released next week some time., Charlie Sheen is sticking it to the man!, I feel like steppin out, happy hour on the sony lot, The Day The Music Died., Persistent trials, inspite of obstacles will one day produce the exact result you desire~Sapee Peelow, I can't tomorrow--full day. I'm going to go Saturday or Sunday though. Y'all have fun!!, My nigga I'm faded..., Hello my beautiful Maaamii! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>, hey there. Received! Had my father in law in town, it's been a busy stretch. I'll drop you a note later today, cool? Delay=sorry, Dang. I could've won 's contest but i spelled it wrong D;, Don't trash the Nati, guys., Big deal! MOST of my jerseys r "signed" - A result of Kreider drunkenly finding a Sharpie during the 09 Soccer Jersey Party, in museums. The real question is do you know of anyway to locate someone down to the level of a gallery, not just the building?, I'm home, but sick...feels good 2 be with friends (virtually) again!, Sometimes Songs express the way we feel, Lana Del Rey is not the single most original artist of my lifetime. So I fucking hate her., You did, I'm glad you made it out to see it! It was far from perfect, but I learned a lot and set a baseline to grow from, Why..Amanda Perez, Thanks for RT! Language variation and cultural identity is such a complex, complicated issue. We need more dialogue in schools., Loving what the are doing within the world of #hiphop... Expanding the brand! Keep up the outstanding work! 1, Last Act of Bye Bye Birdie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> #birdiegang or die <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>, haha i've sent so many tweets, but he never notices, but hopefully we will tweet me a happy b-day tomorrow, - glad you're Skype'ing in to #flacon2012 today -- I was asked to speak in Peter's place but couldn't be there. See you soon!, Who is in the mood for EGGcellent doughnuts? Stop in and pick up some of our HOP feature doughnuts!, Love is louder than the pressure to be perfect., - one of the best N this! Thanks 4 supporting me! If I told ya'll about all the foolishness we started this thing with....., Are that tired to the point that you tweet yourself? Lol RT : your always woke smh, I haven't slept good the last few nights <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, Yeah, kinda like that ;), So many superhero movies this summer, but NO Latinos representing? We wonder... what would a Latino superhero's special powers BE??, thats great .. love it, Join us for lunch! We meet every Tuesday at 12:15 for lunch at the Hyatt in Downtown #Baltimore. Enjoy a meal and a speaker with us!, Shin splint currently being iced. Ouch. Any other tips?, OKC bout to pull out the broom, I need an app to alert me when these brawls start, Never think with my heart first I always think with my mind first then my heart afterwards, She emailed to say our papers were graded & in our boxes. I wish she would have emailed the grades., > l > i think im falling for him :), outside of Oakland u gotta scope out Kinders., I love my boyfriend., you make me proud! =), I am so in love with you!!!!, Am glad that Dr. King's Dream was all-inclusive! May we all strive to make it reality., My boy gone grow up be just like me, Academic and Research Libraries talk about their digital projects., is now due to technical reasons!, Honestly, I still pine for the gold rush park idea., U sick sick basrard <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> lol RT : I see a lot of mature older women in here that don't have rings on their fingers. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>, The Deadman is officially twitterfied! Now, how in the heck does this work?, I swear my sister has problems. Love her to death but Im over the bs with her ., Pete wingfield, the hollies: for certain because..., and Sam & Dave. Problem solved, my sister wore the cutest shirt today i was like can i have that, I'll at least spoil some of the suspense for you: Pedroia ain't getting moved., Many a fraud have gotten rich off such things. Besides it would be easy to write a book on what could go wrong online! lol, thanks for the retweet ;-), WHAT?? are you going to have to do stuff the whole time, Always invited. Hope you're doing well, so are there going to be any Durbin moments on Wrestlemania?, Jon Jones vs Rashad Evans tonightt!!!!, The current state of our government concerns me., What time are the IAWTV awards streaming tonight? I can't find the info on the website or Youtube channel., The general will and common good of the people cannot be accurately defined without a proper education of and in the truth, why thank you :D, lol no. I live with my boyfriend of just over a year. What about you?, enjoy! Please share any good tips with us that you might learn today :), did you ever play baseball growing up?, Hate when a meeting is over and you really have to pee and it's too awkward to stay, so you suffer the whole way home., #FridayReads finally getting to Leon Perotta's the Leftovers, and I am so flipping excited to read this book :), Bitch if you died I wouldn't buy you life.., I will never give up on you. Thank you for being such a positive impact on my life., Lol my mom walked in the house saying" My nigga I'm Faded!", Hey Death Cab for Cutie fans, give us a listen! Please. Thank you., Revenge just keeps getting better and better, I'm wearing my new jeans that I got from the mall of America :), Coincidentally, I'm wearing my Gowalla shirt today., Yuck! I swear it has rained in Ohio at LEAST every other day, It could be a DIY project :), I guess I have holla at me if u have a girl or I just want sex across my forehead...like wth thats NOT me at ALL!, sad news of etta james passing. many memories of her concerts here over the years -- the "phoenix-rising" stage(s) of her career., I miss u, Anyone going to the Derby party at The Mission today?, Is it possible to get a negative score? Cuz I think I got that., Never ever leave the highway in West Virginia. It does not go well., Lot's of work today for AVbyte! Shot a great video yesterday!!, Thanks so much, Camenae. Your bags r gorgeous. Hope you'll think about joining us in SF, June 28-30., :$ Can I just smother you with lovins yet?, if only you had someone cool to talk to., THEY ARE YOUR ROLE MODELS., Ima sagg my pants n hold my Dick all day today... Just so niggas knw I can b on my G shit lol, Someone please tell me to get off Etsy so that I can go back to working on my paper!, thanks. thank you. I'm just a garden variety guy trying to suit up and show up each day. The rest is out of my hands. :), The Dartmouth Aires are UNREAL! no question they're better, but knowing #thesingoff they'll probably be sent home., Just liked Find Me Fans... What a great site! Make sure to LIKE them to see all the amazing sites!!, 24 hours till, great advice, didn't think about that! Happy holidays!, nappy time!, I'm picking up Dan and we'll be back up on Thursday!, Attention: All you pretty ladies in patent leather shoes. I have all my hair and I am sans chilluns., We open early for #MarchMadness today! Get your seat because it's gonna be crazy for #UNC and #kansas at 2pm!, Go figure Lauren Conrad likes one of those hideous camera straps., of course I'd never say in public the things we talk about BUT...U KNOW! LOL..got da golden gift of gab, i love when people play with my hair !(:, I'm with my sister, her husband, and my son. Not awkward. I'll let you know if/when we make a decision., Scanning. 'Nuff said., Next stop WORK at Submercer tonight and Night People Saturday where we celebrate the births of and, the other stats are so high it disregards them lol, yo im str8 great! and u? and um why my inbox still empty?? lmao, So nice to meet you today. Thanks for the #GLAMwiki info!, lol I give great massages but its goin to cost ya, thanks for the follow! Keep on rocking Dave!, If everyone who said they were going to buy my book today actually did, I'd have sold twice as many. Sigh., Seems as if everyone on my flight is coughing, sneezing, or nose blowing. It's my own version of Contagion., Monsier Roland Barthes, a minor hero of mine ? Fabulous, I am bringing my 8 year old to your Oakland show, “: Me, Jaiden, & Katrina at Cumberland and we came by Bakers to see you but your not here! :(”- im coming to yall:), Only 9 school days left, No I want to get on a jury! This is my first time being called! I know, I'm a dork!, Thanks! I really appreciate it., “: Fix the mics.” Oh, good. I thought that was coming from my speakers., Missing falling asleep with you </3, yes cause everyone immediately knows what you're talking about, On my way to go find them too...., Seeking entrepeneurial spirited individuals to help us bring health insurance to Indian Country -, you dont have enough! Stop wondering and go to NASAs website., People that dont text you back #smh. *cough* *cough*, #kids Sweetwater's Spring Children's Classes & Workshops: Sweetwater's Spring Children's Classes & Workshops Monday, May 14, 2012 at..., Summers Coming, Good luck at unemployment office! RT : two sources Kevin Stallings yelled "Good luck in the NIT!" to fans while leaving, In Chicago all these bitches BANGIN, As usual, #Brewers have shifted the Miller Park roof to force the pitcher's mound into the shadows., Mishel: Business profitablity is doing great right now --that sector may not be as interested in jobs policy as in the past, Poe is so tiny he'd barely keep one boob warm!!, has a FLIP phone!!!, yeah, I think there is a lot to be done in this space. How can I alert all my neighbors of a crime/missing pet?, Great day in the classroom today! Love teaching about the emergence of Capitalism and Marxism., lol smfh. I guess mister dee :), I usually recommend Sunday dinner, check out Third Ward Cafe for a great Italian meal., Via Krug1 in the NYT editorial today... "One party is clearly engaged in blackmail and the other is dickering over the size of the ransom"., Okay, why did no one tell me they serve at ? Tonight tasted like 2007 in Prague., I hope to have major breakthrough this week., Hahahaha that I did, yeah I'm going to bama!!, Something feels off center while taking medication with beer... Oh well, I'll try it again in another 12 hours, If upper cap isn't too high, this will not be a very large problem. High earners would face diminishing marginal rates, I am truly amazed that you think the letter behind someone's name is more important than a decade of honorable service., Good morning twitter follow me n I will follow back :), Whos a pothead, relaxing from a hard workout. Sore :) “: doing well. Watching Johnny Depp movie, always good. How are you?”, To you as well :), No rules...... n e thing goes lol, lol @ how your playing her xD, Neighborhood cleanup day could also be called freecycle my neighbor's junk day. So far I've got a nice mirror :-), bring your organic raw linen shopping tote when you come to seattle, it will help u blend in., After #TriciaRose #socialjustice talk, told bullshitting #panhandler claiming to be #transit worker sarcastic "good luck!", Bad news on the auto insurance front..., Seattle, our first Twitter contest: Free panini to our 100th follower. Please RT thanks, Hi It was great meeting you as well! I hope to see you at future events., My hated mental iPod: my talk went well last night, but now I have Hammer's "2 ligit 2 quit" stuck in my head., r y'all goin to the warp tour, I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love., but you aren't "super fat" :0, Well. You are a wolf., We have changed our delivery rates!! We now charge only $3 flat rate for all orders!!! Retweet this to help out the Munchie Express!!, ‘Abdu’l-Bahá just missed his train! The carriage that was to take him to the station was late picking him up., “: Hospitality, Fashion, Art, Entertainment.. Industries unites tonite Sundays as The Chicago Industy Alliance!!”, Go Future Chefs!, When did "the fun" need to be brought *back* to snacking?, To be the best, you have to believe you can be., If the Dip Dog stand had veggie dogs or its ilk (even Ben's Chili Bowl does!), we would drive down there immediately., ugly break ups in public...woowww, Same to you!, get raped lol, Blessed indeed, wishing you all a happy valenitinesday, that would be awesome!, i guess it's a good day to have green in your team name and kit., Let's go Maryland, Anyone want to split MLB.TV with me this year?, I learned from that making the movie "Titanic" cost more than the actual ship. If only they invested in more lifeboats...., PLZ HELP ME OUT :(, Great to have your own, A heart-how shall I say?-too soon made glad,, Life ends when u stop dreaming, hope ends when u stop believing & love ends when u stop caring. So dream hope & love…Makes Life Beautiful, gangsters dont dance...we boogie, catch all the live action tonight! pro and college Football Sam Adams specials and 3 tacos for $5.00 see you soon!, Can't sleep. Maybe a late night/early morning breakfast will help me., The new video looks sick!!! Congrats!!!!, when do you play and what kind of boxes do they drink, I don't rap, I live Hip-Hop.., Too bad people don't like me..., do it up. We're here., “ Life right now <”, You know you have an obsession when you can scroll through tweets and know exactly who said them and why.., I'm trying to figure out how this nigga over an hr late for my cuz PROM!!! Shud BET HIS ASS <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>, Thanks for the follow!, RIP Ian Abercrombie ):, dress it up with a solid pair of tight jeans. Always classy., confusion... Why a period?, We'd love to do a show there!, Big ass lizard in the road smh ony in south florida, KICKED ASS, Good idea! Hm, what are we good at?, Awww!! I love and miss you too!!!!! <3 <3 <3 Yup, still in Spain living it up the last month I have. :D, Right back at ya homie., RT : WakeUp #TCOT! If U're not making $400,000+ every yr, U're NOT in TOP 1%,so the #GOP has nothing2offerU. U'RE BEING DUPED!, Dances with Wolves with Kevin Costner won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1990., (c) then you'll definitely have something to be upset about! (:, At Berlin w/ taking shots!!!!!, Finished seminar on Poe in Graham's. Murders in the Rue Morgue + c. 19 sheet music = awsome!!, The European Tire Market 2011-2015, random LA party, I am not wearing my shirt properly, nick swisher. Speaking of swishers...what was Fox smoking putting u on twice in one day? Bad job by them, this nigga said OVOXO til i die !!! lmfao does he even know what it means ? lol, You are so welcome!! Thank you for your masterful insight!!, I've been to the range before but never played a course. Soon as I get my skills up on this simulator its on, we ain't saying nothing bad bout big girls I like em if they cute, What the heck is a sapiosexual?, Feel bad for Louisville they missed too many easy shots. Could have won the game if they didn't miss the gimme's, As far as Im concerned any player that leaves the Packers is no longer a Packer He can be a Packer again after he retires for good., Acting class was especially fun tonight, Did you fall asleep? I hope so. Were you awake because you were freaking out? Because I am right now., sure did. went straight to that ol long voicemail of yours!!!!, Oh wait, you have a twitter ? how cum I didn't know bout this ., That's actually a great idea., cant wait to rock out today at the stage - 4pm, Tight track & Video fam,, Yeah, I'm fucking pissed and emotional, not only for Fringe related reasons!, Yay fantasy hockey!!, Man alive, what a week..., : Three man city players and no dempsey on pfa shortlist.. If he were english he'd be a shoe-in., how about cemeteries in the dark and creepy men in trucks? Haha, God is Good all the time and all the time God is Good.. GM!, what's going on tonight??, Also thank you Philly and Philly dancers for being so badass., JOSH ALL OVER MY FACE!, Just don't die!, I gotta get some new car insurance, Dnt trip they gone win the ring, is working on programming a chip key for a car.., Taking a few days from the world shutting my self from the world in a room by my self with music to drown out the rest of it..., . Duh, we WANT the turtles to hatch, doesn't mean we have to apply that to everything., I wish the could hear us cheering for them here., For those who always complain about haters consider this... Maybe you're just a douchebag/bitch., hi. i think it'll be a westwood v. wilson final. wilson's looking in a zone., Join us in "Connecting to the power of the full moon with yoga & Pari . What are you waiting for? Wed. 3/7 - 7-8:30pm., oye. Can I please have a clone?, Beans & Rice typa girl is what I need, Have a great flight Boney. Rake your rain boots..However, if you r playing at those 2 venues, it will be to hot to rain,, Happy birthday to the best girlfriend in the world. I love you so much <3, Donkey, or Also Indeed Donkey's Hindquarters, Duncan introduces "iron triangle": Quality, Access, and Cost. Focus on Productivity and Accountability are essential., haven't seem you and the bishop since we did ny with C+Swiss Hemp tea. I'm in the A hit me up, DO THE DANCE DARE RICKY!!!!! :D, Re Santorum's Apple ans.Wrong! The only regulation tht'll bring jobs bck here is repeal of minimum wage. Who's 4 living in abject poverty?, Hello hello, Anybody awake? Text?, Like my status if you like peeenisssss, funny I thought of you today. How are you?, Yeah i probably just put out about 100 tweets to about #SaySomething (: #itsamahomiething <3, Filming began on this day in 1938 on The Wizard of Oz. I love when she opens the door to color., Cant wait for & #TuffGongWorldwide to touchdown in #L.A. 7/15/12, Good morning, world!, thanks for the follow! Can't wait to raid your site for some goodies! :-D, My bros r watching stupid shows and stupid everything just like them they r so stupid (god plz help me!), This will be my motto for the week!, Dear teacher, it's not my fault I'm failing your class, I'm learning from YOU. Sincerely , blame yourself., Now this is the next one, I'm sorry, I see no reason for Jack Hannahan to be playing 1B for the Tribe. It is an offensive position and Hannahan's bat is offensive., I really want to go on a long run., Omg! 51!! Hahaha you go, girl!, snow turned into rain, thanks for the reply and encouragement. I am still not clear about what the "it" is. I need help! Lol, when I know I look like crap and he says I look beautiful>>>>, When my attention is on one person, everyone else is irrelevant., How many bedrooms?, I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure., Excited about premiere of Manifest THIS. Oo-er! Just seconds to ... well, the pre-game stuff. Movie at 8!, Do you have a nick name?..., Did you ever fake an illness to stay home from school?, Have you tried BigOven lately? We've added RecipeScan - just snap a photo to enter a recipe, Menu Planner & more..., RT : I almost have enough votes in Iowa to start a bowling league. #Roementum (you mean "team" - right?), thank soo much for listening!! :) we appreciate it :), ok fine but no barbedwire, Meeting with the great on hospitality legislation tomorrow? That'll do :), RT : dreamt they tore down the hall of fame to make more room for the convention center. It must of been a nightmare., Aww , Just making sure , cos i'm here !, ugh twitter wants to hook me up with my ex?, mine always said, "you've got too much makeup on", about time! Hah, My standards are only as low as the temperature. :), If the 9news pool wins, there may not be a 9News tomorrow., ugh this is so sad I even cried, Needed: 8 pg comedy shorts to shoot in 1 day. Produced for funny of die/comedy central. Please send scripts/q's to:, let the music take your mind, DAD ANSWER DA PHONE. I WANNA SEE ALREADY., Real eyes realize real lies, Hot...sleepy...n horny!!, #Library advocacy day in Albany. Here we go., Anyone working in the a.m.?, loving what I'm hearing so far about my new phone. Can't wait to get it!!, Did they say Cole Aldrich was a McDonald's All American, or he's been to all of America's McDonald's?, Flag count b/w El Salvador and Honduras is dead even. Tempting aromas from parking lot grillin'. God vibes at today., Please tell me someone else remembers how Heath Evans' initial mock draft had the Jaguars taking Dwight Jones with the 7th overall pick, Mom throws Nicki's Ex under the bus in 3,2,1., cute! Bribery. Gets things done! She'll love it!, we're all puppets to the world, the difference is who's pulling the strings, Thanks for the RT. Hope you're living it up this weekend., No NBC Sports Network aspect to it?, Phew. Done with taxes!, Definitelyy , and it works for all of his songs haha !, : I need your assistance. (I lost my cell.), dude ur leaving london out again ill miss u again!!austin u will never come here will u or will u??, well 2 bad for u, Follow the FLW Lake Hartwell action at, Graduation was so amazing, It's funny how ppl think I am on a diet bc I eat clean ad not huge portions LOL!, That is great to hear! Thank you for the kind words!, that place is awesome!!! I go atleast once per week., hard work and dedication always pay off Good luck to you, I'm tryna get it together, When shit goes down, nobody ever wants to answer the damn phone! Wtf!, Decided to get a vanity license plate when I register. What's better BBYJSSCA, OCTOMOM or NOSCRUBS?, Ha! Clearly "to share or not to share" is not really the question ;), Get through it!, Death leaves a hrtache no 1 can heal, love leaves a memory no 1 can steal. You'll cont 2b d STAR he always knew U ARE!!!, There’s more to being on twitter than just being pretty. Although that definitely helps., My Baby Pajamas February Freebie Friday announced later today..., Just got back from the dance studio!! AH!! :), Sent! Looking fwd to it!, ENCOURAGES EVRYONE TO KEEP LIVING THE AMERICAN DREAM!, I think the apocalypse will be bearable as long as twitter stays up. Y'all are some funny fuckers., Oral drug test analysis found five times more heroin use in the U.S. workforce than previously believed, says Quest Diagnostics, I feel bad for all of these singers and performers who make it because soon all that will be left to do are reality talent shows., The splendor of the King, Clothed in Majesty, Let all the earth rejoice, Let all the earth rejoice., Cisco Adler is really nice, A. Tenfelde getting the nod tonight., Man Boobs are fine, if your name is JULIE!, that don't sound to good.., yess I miss those days :(, You're too young to distrust love.., Thank you!, Went out for lunch, saw a dog with shoes & a man walking around with a snake on his shoulders, all on the same block., hahaha i wrote " to to" instead of "to watch", I can't believe she got mad at me because I left early because. The traffic was bad, it sounds like an effing mariachi band out side my window it's 3 in the morning shut up, what's up my guy.....got another sleeper on my hands, thanks Sheila. You've clarified it. Great marketing, but not necessarily the best approach to managing a digital presence?, Port of Call has some amazing dishes and would make for a great date spot! 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!!, Good morning all! Happy draft day!!!, Thanks for the #FF! Have a creative week!, most definitely. I also have Spotify Mobile., I as a GK am super stoked to have a company like as 1 of our early sponsors for #WPSLKC & & they make great gloves!, Tweeting from #Mexico! My goal is to make it through all of the drinks I get responses to this tweet with. So, what's your favorite drink?, RT : Quote from : "Huggers thrive in an agency environment." True statement?, Been really productive today! But TGIF !, seriously lacking in that respect. Last hour was too, Good! Look forward to meeting you!, Can't wait to see you out at the Northern Trust this week! We would love to see you on the range with the Team for a day!!!, All Them Girls Can Get The "D" !, I've stayed there before (for my bachelorette party last year). Enjoy Downtown NYC!, same :/ i'm thinking of shutting my wifi off sun-mon. I want to forget they exist those days, yeah tell me about it, my husband is giving me so much grief., I'm learning how to tut!, Obama's foreign policy is the best I've seen in years & Perry's dumb ass said he would restart the Iraq war, what a #gop asshole., jumping up and down right now... I never thought I could do better than a B in developmental and my final grade will be an A-, #PurpleStrideMke meeting tonight at 6:30 at the Medical College of Wisconsin!!!, Dianne Feinstein Defends Obama On Gay Marriage: 'What's Wrong With People Being Happy?': WASHINGTON -- Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif..., I’ve got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.— LARRY BIRD, been to AFrame yet? Any recommendations??, uses to be on Mcdonalds commercials... I almost forgot lol, Marketing at it's best… or, I guess, worst., So anyway. That's enough., Have a great Memorial Day Weekend!!!, Would love to see a Giants/49ers NFC Championship game., : thanks! Your name is "awesome" as well. :), #thankateacher - Happy National Teacher Appreciation Week (May 7-11)! Thanks in advance for all that you do for students!, Testing software central titles with Vista 64! Known compatible titles in the Vista (32 bit) list now also display Vista (64 bit) as a supp, So many frustrations today, my poor hubby has to listen to them all, oh dear!, are you watching hgtv? This couple is annoying!! Ah pick house 3!, My mom makes the best banana bread.., 50k and a modeling contract at stake check out THE EROTIC .com, thanks love!, “: I take incredible dumps”, Looking for people to add, store and share materials in MN learning commons, get on fb i need to tlk to u asap like now, I often vacillate on whether servers should be partitioned, then when I am on one which is low in space in one I don't. And yeah, LVM, #tamw you are obsessed with certain smells, curly hair!!! I like it way better I have curly hair 2! We can twin <3, They normally say 8-10 weeks for a Sat. They told me May 5 was booked 2 months ago. Was hoping to make it my graduation dinner., Probably in March or Easter, Darvish, Hamilton take down L.A., UR looking at Boobies what's not to understand. Put on the captions and see what you get., We Are Fearless!, Bitch we the bomb like tic tic, Okay, that's it...after this year's I'm making it official. NOT filling out a #bracket next year! Done & Done., Brewers lose, but it was cool seeing Braun get his MVP trophy., Waiting in my car to get in for the #openingday and the SUV next to us gave us jello shots!, been having issues from 3am-6am eastern US time. Driving me mad, 2 other sites on the same server are fine though., The new Killer Apps of the Net: Communication, Content, engagement, reality., Smh.. RT RT #TheSlander is alright...until it's about your team. > jus don't say nothing about LA n I'm good.., I'll always be second best among the rest </3, I love it when my dentist give me a sticker. Yaay., RT : It is not just that children of gay couples shld have lesser protections than children of other couples in our state, Expired toppings? Did they not just open?, pssst. rumor has it that OB Rag may be "sharing" a post w/ what ever happened to partisanship?, there is free parking! you should see signage hopefully - this is sponsored by, I always fall asleep on, Randy Bass offers excellent suggestions for T&L at Educause's #MARC12. Can IT give students the voice of authority?, Kellin Quinn is going to end up doing something when his daughter is born., lol i hate math too confusing, President of comparing business commerce to #Moneyball. You can change #supply chain like Billy Beane changed baseball., Are we about to lose 3-1? To Kansas city? They must be tired from rounding so many bases this weekend. #lotsofbases for, those look soo good #waybetterthanstudying + browsing online for shoes, Just finished my quiz.... GEESH.!!!! Smh, Flight to SF is BOOKED!! Let the meal planning begin!, Preciatee yours to., I know a lot of you will have the MUNCHIES tomorrow!, lmmfao omg tell him to b safe wit u, Who's heard of or tried a 4 day oxygen cleanse?, The best and worse thing about family is yelling at each other one minute then buying each other sweet tea the next., mr.mara how many licks does it take to get to ur WHOA WHOA HEY HEY....is that a baconhawk? ;D, The micro-organisms naturally present in the mouth cavity (over 300 species of bacteria) combine with saliva & food debris, . unsubstantiated, but I'm guessing insurance fraud :-/, When will Wenger face reality? Maybe when Cesc and Samir and RVP and Jack and Verm move on he will wake up, Trick or Treat Tonight!!! with the world famous DJ CUT spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB! Drink specials all night long !, When the government tries to impose morals upon me is when I have a HUGE problem. It's civil rights. Period, It's Superbowl Sunday! Are you making any tasty game day snacks?, Thanks for all the RT's, The excitement is brewing here at Allerent! Sign up today to have us manage your social media needs and receive the first month free!, omg! Thank God you're ok!, I love how wears her YMCMB shirt on the show. #Basketballwives <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>, Thanks for the incredible insight into the entrepreneurship & #startup opportunities in #Brazil,, Oh gosh, congrats on the funding and the release!, if you want to attract a shit ton of attention, I would suggest purchasing it. lol, Haha aw, you are a very good and doting aunt. :) What did you do? Never enough! Where was Quinn? Boring. Your weekend?, I hate using my phone while its charging :o, Whenever I see the word "utilize" I am morally offended. Personal pet peeve. - Zach, Two drinks in and I am already feeling it. At this rate I'll be out by 8:30., come to Phillyy please!! I am in love with you and your voice and we can celebrate #soberliving <3, Heh, yeah it's not exactly a blast but I do feel better & I'm almost done! Pretty proud of myself for sticking it out., It is fast approaching the point where I don't want to elect anyone stupid enough to want the job., SPIN METER: Rivals airbrush anti-Romney words - The Associated Press, When is that change gonna come knocking on my door?, I'm nerd-gasming SO hard. And it's 's fault. Totally. #thanx!, The cure for America's corruption begins with four simple words, "Jesus, be my Savior.", It happens., haha Hey! How are you? :D, Why do I change phones more than underwear.. cant wait til im finally on team iphone :(, except when the guy pitching for WKU is your old high school teammate, Gotta love Ron Paul he has his own thoughts!, we have for some of our regular blog contributors!, I had a hard time with the 15 minute test. The name fits, well, you just wait. I will call your bluff., Congrats to all the John Tyler Community College grads today!, I would have been like hey buy me lunch, so over school. Can I please just drink these last few weeks and hang out with my sisters???, What is this?, #aprilfools it's been you all along, Baby I know a place where we can go, and be alone yea..., can't wait to u get here we gone make a Series!, Mental Health Day!, About to partake in some Korean BBQ for the first time. I wonder if anybody here will judge me if I lick my fingers?, DEALING WITH THE DEATH OF MY FATHER IS HARDER THAN I THOUGHT SMH RIP DAD LOVE YOU, told you! You should have saw it with us when it was hyped up haha, if you have it...in my case some old Xbox stuff I was throwing away...you are that much richer! Bout to get $75, O, you all are such jetsetters! I want to go to Brazil, do you want a travel buddy? Haha ;), his tweeter is, Sustainable businesses need 'em., hope we get in for some trial runs. I miss my trips down to Santa Maria and all the great food, Looking forward to seeing you all at ACE Museum today! Come on by to the all in for the 99 percent event!, Basically. Whoever is left with a somewhat healthy roster, basically, RT : Interesting to see that about 50% of #EDULIVE participants think mobile apps is most important for teaching and learning., aw thanks!, Had a blast at my senior jazz recital yesterday. Great music, friends, and food!, #Thatonepersoninschool who looks like Tom Hanks, Shut up, Foucault., I need to go spam him, BEYONCEISPREGNANT# congrats to B & J, To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are. Tim Menchen, it'd probably more along the lines of mental health, stress, behaviors, etc., We are often asked for assistance to locate the right Security Professional from a licensed established security company., MARK OUR WORDS: WE'RE TAKING OVER THE WORLD!, Did yall kno its legal to sell children in mississippi?, I'm building it myself and having a ball learning everything :) Sorry I can't be more help on that one., omfg Chase and Zoey were just meant to be, I shipped them so hard, Dear door guy that takes his job way too serious, You're a door guy at a crappy bar, not a secret service agent. -everyone, After a fight you think about all the things you should have said but you didn't because your a retard, Awe! Thank you for sharing :), love both of you!!!, is a, We'd love to have you at the Boston #Cleanweb Hackathon next wknd (May 4-6) to continue the #startlabsSGH momentum!, The Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) tax is a United States payroll (or employment) tax, Take off your wings, They could never get you quite as high as I did., Yayayay early release ¢, not tired :[, I Hate Wen Ppl Are Hypocritical About Hypocrisy .... -_____- GTOH!!, No matter what they do to you; rise and rise again and take your freedom., I think and would make a good couple ! They're so cute together and he seems happy ! #Romanda <3 (:, Chewing on my pu**y like a piece of bubble-yum ; ) shhh, just good ol fashioned partying, Guide to 2012 western Montana summer camps, Video: Put your best foot forward in these funky spring shoes, LIVE in the mix gettin down real deep on the decks right now on, i might come late...im not sure cuz im always late, yess I know I just love them I was texting them through the storms asking them how the were because we live were some hit, Here we go #Bills, 2 big picks here., I just used Google Maps to plan my workout route., American Reunion time. Hopefully Jim gets a 2nd shot at that pie, DRINKING SO JUICE, I just typed something then I thought twice about it., When I saw this I thought it was going to be about Bubba the Love Sponge., Happy birthday, Carolyn Cassady!, In Class Watching Lovely Bones!, My brother started crying because he said I don't spend enough time with him... I feel bad., Inside job, congrats dear!!! We are At 34 days today!! 12/17/11 Who's counting? Let me know if you need any tips!!:), gosh ;o i love your jeans ;o gimme that, please xD, That was a good reunion, Heading to MOCA at reception in my honor by Dade County commissioner Jean Monestime and mayor Andre Pierre of N. Miami, Had fun wit dude today he taught me to shoot bbguns that was fun I won of course:) haha, Closed 2 awesome deals today, and have another in the queue, and it isn't even 2:00pm. What what!, Remember the lyrics 4 "Beautiful"? I'm all 4 reinventing,but pls leave ur beautiful face alone-I miss ur expressions, "best revenge is massive success" -Cosby, Thanks. Its a joy to see gloves taking a new turn., excited to have you. Can't wait to see how Dom plans to use you., Nope QT : so... uh. is the beer any different from when you drank it a few weeks ago?, Totally! And I love that you're and Advocate for Awesome. Ha, we have an Manager of Institutional Awesomeness in our office., That honestly hurt more than anything </3, in a good or bad way??, In Los Angeles & AREN'T going to ' taping? I loathe you & all you stand for (which can't be much) bit.ly/nXWfzC, Pompa: evidence shows that states choose to spend their money in other ways., HARRY POTTER PART. 2 IS FINALLY COMING ON T.V.!!!!!!!!!!!!, I don't know why I'm not asleep right now., Welcoming our Concept Art for Videogames and Photoshop workshops students this a.m. w/ the infamous Manny Carrasco as their instructor!, I told my sister she looked like Jennifer Lawrence kind of., What happended to YEE, NSD, austream, tweeting all the time ? I miss the OLD Austin :'(, Excellent advice. :) RT: sunbelt granola bars >>>>>>>>>>>>>>> chewy granola bars. (increase the quality of your life), Great practice round today. Got some great info. Time to go low tomorrow., Patrick Dempsey is chipping away at my confidence in news 2 minutes at a time., Holy shaatt BRAD is in like one week, How Target and Missoni "moved the needle" in the Social Business Index: bit.ly/pkTbrP (cc: ), Also, is taking place over my birthday weekend because OF COURSE IT IS., Shouts out to boy got heat just wait, Dear niall horan , i would like a shirtless picture. Love, brielle schmidt., ": I think I can understand why kids love theme park! " blow my dick on a rollercoaster bitch, no school #HappyChristian /^.^/, together (maybe for dinner), if you want to join!, Well guess its bout that time to start this studying, We've provided hassle-free service to Ballard since 1960. Let us show you that buying a car CAN be a pleasant experience:..., ONLINE REGISTRATION CLOSES MONDAY, October 31st at midnight. If you would like to register after the 31st, you can register at the Expo!, Teachers who don't put tests in the make up box like they say they do are annoying, It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. —Aristotle, I don't remember the last time I've said, #imbored Seems like there is ALWAYS something that needs to be done, Hey! I resent that! I'm totally approachable. RT : If you encounter... any wildlife, please do not approach or disturb., The better plyrs r going to most likely read those guys making these suicidal plays & they r going to put their chips n bad..., Rats.I'll be back in SLO by then. Should be back here in a couple of weeks; will contact you before., hi Bre I voted for Nicole Michelle but by the way can you please follow me babe i get all your tweets now.thanks Bobby Howardxoxo, well thank you, comfortable ones, i know like i cannpt even imagine, no matter how bad my night is , i wake up the next morning and the sun always shines ., I told you I was coming home Monday morning!!, Let's Have Sex. ( : that's all I wanna do, i think it's funny that houstonians speed up for pedestrians. that'll teach 'em., An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have. - Andy Warhol, Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time., you would probably get behind him and push his ass you sick bastard, to be honest, I believe that the vast majority of us are, myself included. Guess it depends on how you define it., bhahahah should I forward u the texts? Bhaha, + are forever my favorite couple! so cute together makes me say Aw out loud! #love congrats juliet!, The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do. ~Author Unknown, Road trip w/ colony of plastic flamingos in the trunk: fun. Using tush to deflate double digit beach balls: not., Be back later!, dunno...wish I could see it with you! That would be an extra butter topping event., i swear i stay at the mall like i work there smh, Drunk voicemail: someone misses me, the way I look into their eyes, and call them "baby." This person also thinks I'm on house arrest., “: Facebook was cool until all my notifications became event invites.” exactly for non sense events usually lol, hahahah yeah!!! Just living right now!, Question: What was Portland's best restaurant 20 years ago?, I'm having a very slow day, making up for a busy, late yesterday, getting ready for same tomorrow., when do we get to work together again!? ;), RT : Sweeter than a swisher.., Greetings, Tweeters! If you're a K-12 teacher, check out for new information about our 2010 American history seminars!, money is the root of all evil but not having money can be just as lethal, I don't mess about when I give those out. :) Only cool people have those on their keychains., Tonight Cream Lounge in Scottsdale its gonna be Epic No Cover,Industry Priced Drinks&I got u with a Free Bottle b4 11pm hit me up 4803520903, Love Burbank's free greening progeria!, sad at ain't it!, my new video jst uploaded on youtube..make sure you guys go check it...alright...vala...., Vendor on the street tried to kick our dog treating it like a soccer ball. These guys sell their mdse pay no taxes then try to kill a dog?, looking forward to your show in Milwaukee WI tomorrow night with the after party at SUITE, Keshia and this damn Tire.....I can't deal, it sure is a hot summer in atlanta, enjoyin a nice ice cold mountain dew, Does anyone know of a good wash and fold laundry service?, drinking very strong coffee out of my mug. starting a PhD in Technology and Social Behavior there in the fall!, I love it! I think it suits your face and personality. :), We're now touring from at our new location at Gateway Park. We're running tours all day, every day. Stop by and glide with us!, you guys doing Danny James' "Pear" on lp?!, Please take time out today to remember the thousands of people who lost their lives as a result of the September 11, 2001 attacks., I don't know why, I've been craving peanut butter all day..., your welcome! :), Give me everything tonight., Getting ready. #ohyeah ., Lets see if I get this call back , doubt it, the missing piece of the puzzle = good writing. At low budgets there's limp writing bc developing the skill set takes time, PECIAL PRICES ! WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,TRADEINS WELCOME! HAPPY VALENTINES TO ALL ! WE LOVE OUR CUSTOMERS ! STOP BY FOR FREE GIFT,MENTION TWITTER, Welcome to Twitter!, Thank u, Gay wedding tonight with Literally 2 women :) gotta show our support, Maybe hot girls arent devoid of personalities, they're just cranky because all theyve eaten in months are three carrot sticks and a luna bar, On our way to Big Bear! Yay! So excited!, : Great product. What is the price going to be next year?, who's that chick? (: great song. <3, DailyHookahTip#156: Don't light quick-start #coals on the #hookah, light it on the stove to prevent undesirable tastes from your, Gave Whiskey Golf a bath. Needs some TLC., Yo. Cop me one mayne lol RT : I want a black and red "obey" beanie, so for real, i can make a special "I beat Paul Peroutka" trophy. should it be a banner? or a silver football?, Happy Founders Day, RT : Regis Philbin is retiring. About time. I believe he was at least 50 when Dumbledore was born..., I feel so gr8 today. My friend Mel called & asked how I was doing. Its alittle funny becus I have always wondered about me & him..., Thank you!, At OU, we pride ourselves on having well-rounded student athletes. RT : I love football and I also love ice skating., Omg I can't wait for the next episode of punk'd! Scott Disick & the wanted get punk'd haha, I wish they had a Starbucks or Subway at this school., "The only differences between the Herod of old and the Herods of today are in the weapons used and the number of victims., - any good books on the history of football tactics that you would recommend?, You are just full of great skin care nuggets lately! Keep it up!, Thanks for the info! It was a lovely book - we'll be voting on these next month!, GO LIU Brooklyn!, If I wanted to follow you, I think I would have done it by now. Some people need to learn they aren't that popular., I work better under the pressure that's why I pressure myself to be better., You're beautiful., Open tomorrow at 4PM! Look forward to seeing everybody!, nice to meet ya, #what2ChainzWouldWay 2 CHAINZ... I BEEN A MAN!!! selling drugs TEN A GRAM.. SPICE EM UP... CINNAGRAMS.... Den take a pic!! INSTAGRAM!!!!, Sexy salsa but lame talking by the other football player, Lebron ol'g look like Chilli for a minute!!, that's what I'm doing for my group!, who likes my profile picture i might change it again, welcome back, can't wait to see you back on the ice!, Please come visit me for #DenverRestaurantWeek! I need to see some of the cool kids to get me through Restaurant Half Month!, It's been a fun afternoon at the #TasteofSpring at //, watching ninja warrior and i just realized japanese girls scream for everything and its annoying me, premiere of #secretlife !! :), You said "It's too late to make it." But is it too late to try?, Murder by Death (1976), I loved the finale of 90210! I loved that Silver picked Teddy to have her baby., #ThingsIHateAboutFacebook men acting like they know u, cause u JUST accepted their FRIEND REQUEST, they went thru ur ALBUM & BAM "Hey Babe!", Dodge Dementia, Another tough loss tonight for the Jays, time to bounce back for this tough stretch of games!, forever getting shot down.. ):, Needs somebody to go eat with me, should i give up on making u notice meh? be cuz i seem invisible to u:((((, follow back? :), Im tellin ya. Girls night. Next weekend. Ill be in ATL this weekend :(, Bad dreams all night and woke up with a headache :(, Hey hearing a lot of buzz that if Big East collapses, ND headed to Big 12 in all sports but football., It's like Holmgren and Heckert have been saying about Colt., that carpet gives it away, "Partnership exceeds any single project" thank you Lethbridge for presentation., sometimes but you there to push the speed so I manage out good, Chabala is getting dropped from my fantasy team on principle., THANK you! You've always been on the cutting edge, Tucker. Let us commence the joyous pinning!, Deep Creek Lake is nice! Great boating there., But you'll be at school for a full day. senior rec is at 12 & won't end till an hour & a half later., me: i will heath . * then heath muisca plays'*, ": Our message at 100k followers is to tweet each other well & to spread good vibes. #lifeisgood #optimism #passion", right right, You tell me when I'm being an arrogant bitch and I tell you when you're being a pain in the ass, which you are 99.9% of the time., We have now won our fifth straight Texas Pick 3 game by playing 20 Lotto Sorcerer and 20 Lottery Circle picks every game. Costly but works., No bc there is a moral diff btn what's right + what's bigotry. But sometimes you have to meet ppl where they are + bring them along., Middle of the night updates!, :) I will get a package together by Friday, I still #Believe in the #ChicagoBears :0), The last part of the Grammys felt like a thrown together mess of "music" Thank you Adele for saving the evening and for making real music!, And, assured in their evident immortality, proceed to physically engage any vehicles, such a bus, that dared to cross their divine path., MT : Employers here in ALA JobLIST Placement Center looking for job seekers. Open house thru noon; stop by DCC Hall C., I still have hope for something I ended., ringringring!!! Hello??? oh HI!!!!! Thanks so much for following! TTYL!!, One of the healthiest ways to gamble is with a spade and a package of garden seeds. Dan Bennett, Lisa, it's a different dream every time...only the guy stays the same., I have to watch "Smash" while Steve is out running errands, because he hates it as much as I love it. :), Hold material goods and wealth on a flat palm and not in a clenched fist. -Alistair Begg, I guess it is literally & figuratively. He's pretty sexy in the suit though...pr. ;-), good weekend, "I'm pretty sure your mom won't let you do this" I'm pretty sure this isn't your business., Bass, Drums, Trumpet and a vocal processor... It's Mike Kaupa's Trio madness, to be specific, it is stated that it will be the largest center-hung arena HD video board display in U.S. and Canada., All mankind love a lover. by Ralph Waldo Emerson., Really, right now is there anywhere in the world where there are more Ray Ban Wayfarer type sunglasses than Austin?, Hi from sunny Vegas!, Mark Nelsen just referred to me on-air as a sack of flour. What a guy!, Stay safe, Friends! We'll catch up with you in 2012!!!, haha ikr!! :D anytime you wanna watch a free willy movie..I'm your girl! ;D, Thanks for all the emails/tweets/website visits! We are excitedly continuing our work to launch Crowdbounty. Stay tuned and stay connected!, That is all very awesome news! Can't wait to read., ees gonna be quick and duurtay. i'll be there thursday/friday. you?, I'm trying to get a lil vacation going! I'll text you later about it more. I just wnted the thought to brew in your head lol, Happy Leap Year! See you again in 2016!, Socialize the losses, privatize the gains., me too!, Come on boys, let's do this!, I'm in a bit of a pickle now., Well well Rand Paul's detention by the TSA cracks me up!, woke up to run, but the storm prevented me from getting out. Now no time to run today since I have meetings until 9PM. Tomorrow!, Settling in for Desert Island Press conversation up in the coffee shop. It's much quieter here this pm!, Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661> 101, That's because you are a small town NFL reporter who couldn't hack it in NY remember? That's why you were wrong., Thanks to Conan McKegg for supporting Gone! Your perk is prepped to go! :), I'm the only one on this bus. Creepy., I'm good Lood, Lots to do tomorrow on my day off. Main goal for the day is to update my blog. I'm way past due., Doesn't matter how it happens as long as it ends up in the W column!, And on that note, I do. And use incognito browsing. Because if the rest of the world is anything like me, beware!, To "the guy" who wanted to buy me a drink at #SA, I appreciate it...but since they don't sell those...offer to buy my cheesy poofs next time, Does Dj Khaled have any fans?, Cuoco is in the champagne room. “: didn't get to tell you guys a light blew on set right before show.", just asked us a great question and we're curious to know your response to it...why is art important to you?, Hurry!!!! scheduling appointments and doing consulatation about our services here at Credit Solutions call now @ 888-575-4482!, Like idea of requesting/requiring/expecting a reflection piece in every #ePortfolio entry., If they need help, they come to the Godfather :), I was being smart....I thought you would hate the taste of Tyson..., Thanks for the ! Together we can make a difference to #endslavery one city at a time! :-), Just watched "Drive" with Ryan Gosling. If only "The Notebook" had that much violence., lol I often sing that in my head on my way to work, Me n my love bronco date night ... M hmm !!! Lets go Broncos!!!, Urgent message! Dems 40 canvassers short for tmw. Leave Brittingham Park at 9:30 with carpools. e-mail, Met a band of Canadian Burlyconners who asked my burlrsque name. How's Dusty Fingers grab ya? # burlesque, Vegan slice from 5pm-close tonight featuring !, Working w on a Pig Dinner for Jan 25! A whole pig menu, can u imagine it? Pig cheeks and pork fat and bacon..., Oh no. I did that not too long ago ... I feel so disconnected from the world when I'm without it!, STUPID MINI OLYMPICS!!!!<U+E416>, Burgess clearly hasn't interviewed Dr. Sha's JMS 481 class. We could match any liberal arts major's inquisitiveness. # JMS481, #Makeup tip: Sick of seeing cracks in your lips when you wear lip color? Apply Lip Therapy 10 minutes before to moisturize & soften, Bass tracks tonight, the CD is coming along nicely., hell yea im never goin stop, even if my wife say she done im slappin the shit out my wrinkled monkey lmao, like the kits, but doesn't matter what you look like on the pitch, only what kind of product you produce on it #ARSENAL!, If you see Vanessa Blazer or James Musser, tell them to see me in 176 at the end of the day., Oops! Typo alert - of course should be, The skin of my brow, stretched so tight, too tight across the softly cracking bone, unequal to the task of holding me here., We are great thanks and what about u, who wants to fund a Delicious Planet in Phoenix? I would love to sink my teeth into that project!, More business friendly term for "composer"... aural affect consultant?, If a D1 doesn't go up in NW Arkansas then I guess you don't like making it rain. “: Is Little Rock not enough?", I’ve never eaten a pumpkin seed…, They can't be worse then the previous 2 retards- I hope you know which I'm talking about. Can they?, Wanted: study materials for State of NM Life/Health Insurance Exam., USC's Spring Break starts today!!!!! I'm so excited to go on tour to Chicago with, Thank you so much, let me know of you would like more. email me if you would like more. Please tell me about u., Lolol only tourists!, lol this sucks, Who's at our farmer's market tonight? Get anything good? :-), Thanks so much !!, @ Mariaortizromer hello love :), #whatifindattractive a man that likes kids, Just did a lil Diy project..., that makes me hot, haha forget the book, If you could go back in time to HS, what would you do? I'd play my geetar in the talent show & read more., what's in maryland?!?!? PARTY TIME??, Remembering how GOOD, Justin Timberlakes's - "What Goes Around..." is who JAM!, An economist is an expert who'll know tomorrow why the things he estimated yesterday did not occur today., #What2ChainzWouldSay Its 2Chainz I got 2 names, 2 hoes get double brain! I gotta red bone and a white chick put them together, CANDYCAne!!, "what do moths eat?", With the #nba #playoffs going on I def find myself cancelling plans that require spending money., want make it today .... She is filling worse today.... She doesn't want mE to go anywhere, & everyone is getting me mad at this point , k cool., <U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] Don't be bothered with Brittain's recent health inspection score. A 65 could be an A in many Tech classes! goo.gl/PKEgH, im going to be there every weekend the lineup is just crayyyyyyyy, Taking my black as to the studio like right now right now!!, What's on the agenda today?? I will be at the gym watching while I work out... Something about The Herd. I cant miss it!, Yep, sitting right by the check-out for 13.99. I almost bought one just to say I did it. ;-), RIP Jim Marshall. A huge influence on the soundtrack of our lives., excitedly working on the finishing touches of my roster, my album, and my spirit... it's been a refreshing spring :D, the pink clouds over Oak Harbor is just mother nature's way of saying she supports breast cancer awareness., Theres too many list, but for everyone that helped and was a part of this weekend, thank you. I love you., haha! Yea! I know! My bad! Lol! & You NEED to check this guy out! asdjklif -->, Thanks for following me.;-), Did you notice that you now need armed guards to tour Organpipe National Monument because the Drug Cartels control it? Great job Napolitano., welcome to the twittersphere, !, I have to deal with everyone pitying me today for not making one of the choirs I wanted. Grreaaaat., Have a happy hump day, not a crappy slump day!, Just filled out my bracket. Who do I have winning it all? #NorthCarolinaTarHeels!, I don't think I would either. Maybe they should come out with lickable wallpaper for kids rooms. :0), i didnt know you was near o.o i dont know who h_beibs is xD, how naive we r 2 thnk we must know all WRT U.S. international matters. #wikileaks is wrong to publish & lacks wisdom. What good will come?, "With me's where you belong So when you gonna talk to me?", Team ran in a 5K today! We had so much fun ! Thanks for a great day and a great cause!, and thank you for the #SHOUTSBACK! , Itamar xD I never get tired of a friendly word ~~~~rich, if you follow or favorite this tweet i will run down my street screaming "I LOVE ALEX", give me the most #randomsongs you can think of from 2003 and back., that will heal up good by keeping cold on it and aloe, may not blister then and just heal up., Then quit flaunting it all over the office., Perhaps with the new funding will send out some more invites. I even requested with my corporate email, which I almost never do, If I can make it, count me in- I've been to the JD Distillery, it's killer :), Has 9 programs to prepare for & 6.5 hours this week to get ready for the first 3. Tried working on them at the CR desk. Pfffft., Finally made it in the house., Youn, on writing: "I think of it as supersaturating a solution. You just keep adding things into the beaker until something crystallizes.", Ephesians 3:20 Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us., I think I need to go hide in my closet and just cry for a while., Thank you for all the love over the weekend!, Omg the line to just get into the Lego store is huge. This is like an Apple event, but for kids., Welcome a new 16x20" heat press into our print shop. It has an automatic lift! SWEET, well it's fight week! I'm pretty big into ufc so I'm all about this bones jones-Evans fight on sat. Bout it, lady., Do u know if we r allowed to take pics at all during TPC? Somebody told me there was a ban. Thx :), love ur hair!(:, Was that husband/father guy really saying those things to you? And he's like an adult?, 15 pages. Go., Thanks, Smurfette! RT : I'm really excited to see that is on Twitter, not enough people know about these shoes., Thanks for the #storify demo! Very promising...., it was an awesome week haha, great show!, sounds great. Fantasy sports junkie - what's your sport? I'm pretty big on bball (rotisserie style, not head-to-head), Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional., Gettin ready to head off to the game tonight #Purps~N~Gold, Aww. It's nice there in the summer. But only for a week or so., ": Descent work out now time for food and hopefully bed action" action in bed, or bed action ...... U still in drought watch 2012? Ha, Fed. government is proposing moving 85,000 cubic yards of dirt from 4308 Guion Rd to Broad Ripple for levy. 4.250 truck loads in 6 months., I am way too excited about some of these Chrome apps., Great picture! Thanks for sharing!, Thanks for the RT love & ! We'll be up to 100 donors before you know it!, That moment when you get a cute text & stare at your phone smiling., Or is it IN the force?, wanna hangout?, I got ya real fan, When ya SNICKS get that cloud off that's been chasing them of losing streaks then talk again(drops mic), In my experience, a Puppy Bowl is impractical. Too much friction to slide and the wrong shape to roll., sorry /: I can't tweet much tonight /:, let em know, Ooh, I want to live where Robert Lowell lived!, You are a cinema, I could watch you forever., My history project took forever, he doin good got him n daycare dwn the st frm the house... Homie of mine said tht home depot was hiring too, Some girl just accidentally ashes a cigarette on my tricep...time for shots., Maria Menounos powered through two broken ribs and a fractured foot while performing on “#DancingWithTheStars”. Who has your vote?, cool naw just commenting caved into the #yolo phrase the whole fad annoys me haha, Rt it... I hope she does DM you... I know it wwould make you so happy..., Homemade Salsa Recipe Liven up your Super Bowl party this weekend with this tasty homemade salsa recipe , made with fresh tomatoes, jalap, Pete Campbell is about to invent stalking...lol #MadMen #Rory Gilmore, How can I make my divorce easier on my kids? #ChildrenandDivorce Stay tuned for answers., don't tweet too much zayn....., What a coincidence last week I was also in trouble. F-ed around and pulled a muscle. It was not a good day, just make sure you don't forget me ok beautiful:-), Your welcome! :), merry christmas ! :), If you're going to go with OCR (rather than re-keying or something like that) Abbyy is a good enough choice... :), I am interested in Azealia Banks, <3 Freedom, Beauty, Truth & Love <3, People give me shout outs I need to get more followers ! ( :, Large parts Dane & MKE out tho RT 57% wards reporting, Walker w/ 27,654-vote lead over all Dem candidates combined., Also, if you have any favorite photos you've taken that are framed or printed, feel free to bring them with for visuals., he moves alot., You change your mind, like a girl changes clothes. & you, be a mess, like a bitch, I would know., That awk moment when you see your reflextion and notice you're dressed like a wannabe Lou. I feel like everyone is judging me lol, The Grammy Awards show is my favorite awards show to watch all year <3, thank you <3, Yup, only rivaled by Jock Jams........, we would know!, - Thanks for the !!, Fact: The growth of cancer cells can be slowed down by smoking marijuana, he's just trying to make a splash and be controversial. He needs to live up to Barkley., When I was a kid? Constantly., 369 likes. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Is my immaturity showing?, So glad you could stop by! We love sharing the Rohrbach experience RT : So amped for dinner tonight at // first time, So glad the Vatican is launching in-depth investigation into the behavior that has hurt so many people. You know, document leaking. *grrr*, of course!, did you know she moved and is nowhere near a curling club!, Haha my bf has one...buy just for internet, he never uses it., If less than 50% of ALA accredited schools have recognized archives programs, is it *really* a useful metric for archives job searches?, "without sharing... you end up being alone" nice quote, Loving David Lankes' tweets about school librarians/libraries. Sorry I missed him when he came to Pitt last September., hope u fix that, yep I know Kute... he's great. good luck., I must put a stop to this., “: Working out(:” like always (:, if you are already following us then it will show up on your feed. If not, follow the #Scharcares hash tag, Tell your Dad I said thanks! Team Freedom misses each other but the battle for liberty continues!, Learn from your parents' mistakes - They Came Up WITH YOU!! except, Seem to be hanging a lot in DuPont Circle these days., i just feel like im doin way better than what the expected me to be doin, All day neuroscience = awesome., Kanye West "Big Brother" FULL SONG GRADUATION, I love how people are outside sunbathing and I'm walking around in a hoodie and jeans.., If it does, we should browse the website in detail and order the required products, "I used to have a bowl named G." "..like a crack pipe?" "uh no, i smoked weed out of it...", #Text GOLFRADIO to 90210 for regular updates on upcoming shows & features from the International #Golf #Radio Show. Score with mobile!, awesome! Totally, let's try after sxsw., DAMMIT. I hate it when Green Day's Hitchin a Ride starts. I get all excited because I think it's going to be They Might Be Giants., I'm just glad the winner is not a female pop artist. Sound coding is rough., Giving shout outs to ALL who retweet this! We got some new audio coming out and a new artist! :) Tomorrow be listenin in., Come dog, Sometimes I wonder why I am even on twitter lol. So many damn opinions., *INSERT JOKE ABOUT "GAY PEOPLE HAVE THE RIGHT TO BE MISERABLE AS WELL" RE: GAY MARRIAGE, RT : BREAKING -- Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow; predicts 6 more weeks of winter, y u mad, when your twitter stream is all about used condoms found in library books, [it's hard to think of a good independent clause], This might be my favorite one so far!, Hey Tweeps! Know of any good people we should follow? Let us know!, Runyon, Lunch at Cafe G and then AVENGERS tonight!!! Yes please. Don't mind if I do., Happy Mother's Day beautiful fairy friend!!!!! I love you, Im drinking "vacation in a glass" and it's got me counting down to Austin baby! OH LA LA, Had the LOS burger for the 1st time. Pickled green tomatoes are great! Thanks for coming out in the cold to Chestnut Hill., how's the body feeling after the long workout and,ride?, What happened to the hot weather! ?, {PEARLS} is taking a break from our *Top 10 Hip Hop Songs You'd Probably Want the Youth to Miss* series, But it'll be back soon..., Omg this funky ass dog pissed n that shit is ugh, My name is Dee Dee an I just wanna tell you I love ur videos. And the tips u give out. Imma have to use them one day, Just cashed in half of my piggy bank and snagged $156! St Pat's is covered...well it should be... I hope, Ready for #gameofthrones season 2 premiere tonight :), Yay for Frankie Pickle, rut-buster, Weird to think that Wisc has saved over $1B with Act 10 while a stadium that costs almost $1B will be built across the Mississippi River., It sucks when players get switched around. What do you do with your purchased jerseys?!?, yes ma'am. you have so many o.o, Hope you're doing well, it's supposed to be a nice day, might need a little 5 hour energy or I hear the MIO energy is a better tasting alternative :) Don't tweet and drive, Be safe!, Brian McKnight what type of women are you messing with when you have to show them how they pussy work......hahaha Pineapples!!!!!, quick hi to new followers: , and, Thanks to for the #FF, I really appreciate it!, What does it take to be your own boss? Studies show being your own boss is like being a thousand bosses. Is it worth it? What do you think?, What galls me is, due to an inept police dept.,the only way Zimmerman can be convicted is the jury ignores the lack of evidence., Friendly Reminder: Tomorrow's show has been moved to Low Spirits on 2nd Street.... Show starts early (9p). See ya then!, I'm paying dearly with my nerves for this island painting commission...very tough revisions...hope to please my client with her new concept, Oppose policies that undermine women. Stand with We, the Women., Let this be a lesson to people: Never, ever leave a game early., A Friend Asks For Food While A Best Friend Raids The Fridge, you got to respect Chuck. As dumb as people try to make him out to be he always makes a valid point., Who's got time to think that up, much less type it out!?, what the fk are you doing skeezzaa!, *shrugs* I'll probably get there on my own... I feel like ima be hoed., Australian radio > American Radio, Currently at 1:00pm in Atlanta, GA it is 54 degrees. Lows in 30s, likewise. But there's a light @ the end of the tunnel - my last class. (til I get restless and decide on another degree), thank u, A spell of good passing by the Fire while trying to score within the final 3 mins., I'm not even going to it. *shrugs* I'll just go pick up what ever award I got tomorrow., “: I want to drive to brookly to see right now!!!!” do it!!!!!, It's LOUD here at #LSP today!, WHAT CHANEL IS IT ON PLS REPLY D:, It was me who said the second part. ": OH at #cunypie: " won't approve of the fancypies" --" can suck it!"”, A all I saw were two big Fiddles!, RT: We're looking to add a personality to our radio show. Know someone?, Wow, I remember arguing with a friend in 2008 about Prop 8. She was fully for it then. She seems to have completely reversed that mindset!, Ate their in summer. Awesome. RT : Just had my first sandwich at Rich flavor, juicy meat, awesome ingredients, « « Yeen NEVER To Old To Watch LION KING . <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF>»», You're welcome!!:D Hopefully time goes quickly:) Haha!, Vice Presidential candidates, stealing public transportation seems wrong, but it is how tonights adventure begins, Bought book entitled, "Good Boss, Bad Boss" by Robert Sutton. Has lessons for principals re: how to retain good teachers., Doe makes fair catch at 12 yard line, where No. 2 offense will take on No. 1 defense., Yay! Thanks for the mention & the love. Hope you are enjoying the mix!, FREE ICE CREAM!!, just got off the phone with my ex !, Boy I had some crawfish cakes today..., haha oh my, Ok.. lesson learned. Even though two food trucks have awesome, fantastic food.. should not get things from both., Forget the gym... I need sleep z night night, ready to show FloydMayweather that invincible men only exist in the movies..., "DOUGHN'T GO IN THERE.", A link should be human-readable. People could grow suspicious of bit.ly links, wondering where they'll lead., Thanks for being my walk to work buddy this morning!, Sigh. Setting alarm now to be sure I leave by 6:30., Damn, Gary. Sad to see you go., <U+200E>..so we (Producers/ /myself) have decided that we will be making a SAG production. What does this mean?, Here now, Me too! It'll be the second iTunes movie I'll ever buy., Computers can only do as much. The world still needs the human touch!, #Cavs win!!!! Nice team effort tonight, don't say that. You have to try harder. Music industry is difficult. Your day will come. Hangin w/the wrong people., Thank you Gia! We need to chat, I have a group for you!, Hey got the tees this weekend. They rock my socks. THANKS!, The past couple days have made me realize that I hate two things more than anything in the world... poison ivy, and shots, Outside Gold's Gym-Glorietta, waiting for my brother who has decided to look like The Situation. :O., Please!! My goal for today is: 80 followers!! Pleaze!!(:, Watching the poll numbers come in & listening to the #CheddarRevolution CD! Power to the people!, All the overly helpful librarians are in one room asking each other "how can I support DH?" No users here to answer..., . Xylophone - xilofono , Zimbabwe - Zimbabwe ., watching bruins playoff highlights from last year to make myself feel better about things. works every time!, Well, I guess that's a good way to stay in shape! lol, better late than never!, One month from today! BLB returns!! Feb 26th @ the Gothic. I'm starting to get excited! #DENVER fans, mark your calendar! Him me up 4 tix RT, I'm in English class, just finished writing an Impromptu Essay and I'm dying., No bubble for me!, Filming a Spec Commercial today!, maybe badger bball to (know you don't care about that. Lol), New Year, New Thinking, New Attitude, New Success!!!, I love it, and I also love that two law students from U of Chicago are THREATENED as HELL by it., Going to be live tweeting the inflation of my sense of self., woodson would probably be the classiest player on your conair jets, actions speak louder than words, mean to hhurt myself its just the way my body reacts even on medication it still reacts the same way, people are actually complaining about being kicked out last night, I'm just like, "I'm just happy to be here from Texas!", RT : aaargh! data center screwup with new machines. So much for 30 minutes. We're SO close!| Dude, just use 1,000,000 iPads!, I’m not gonna regret you, because at one point in time you were everything I ever wanted and more... D:, not funny., ONLY 5 POSITIONS LEFT!! GIRLS IN THE COLUMBIA S.C AREA LOOKING TO BE IN AN ADULT MOVIE MESSAGE ME, RETWEET OR REPLY FOR MORE INFO!, Really trying to resist live tweeting during #TheBreakfastClub. This film is a national treasure of the 80s., Damn, what I wouldn't give to live closer to #RedRocksAmpitheater; their line-up this year is so good it hurts., He does call the jumbotron "God's TV", Can I just drink this bottle of wine all by myself? On a Sunday night? Out of the bottle? While not doing homework?, Just got in. Drained., Give yourself permission to experience true joy and playfulness, rather than the false high of, I'm staring at the sun yet rain is hitting the window... What?, I'll be home for a couple days fathead., CAUSE THEY SEEM VERY CLOSE IF GREYSON WENT OUT WITH HER HE MIGHT DO IT AGAIN, Learning from the Utah Youth Councils! They have over 60 Youth Councils state wide! Go Utah!, It's so much easier to run, June 15th to da deed r however it's spelled, and I are about to host a Q&A with Doug Weiss as part of Mission Marriage, The sea, the great unifier, is man's only hope. Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat., THEIR DANCING WAS FUCKING GOOD., Support #Disneys #Chimpanzee opening weekend. $$ goes to Jane Goodall Institute, Don't blink, they won't even miss you at all., see we gone have to play the refs this game too, < You're welcome!, You want it... you're gonna have to work for it... it's just way too damn good to just give away!, I forget, how many fake Hulk twitter accounts are there now? six? I guess the only one that wasn't popular was Hitler Hulk., remember "sit. bad waverly! i said sit!" LOL times a thousand, like "Do you have family here?" or " Do you like the Cubs?", Delays. B.S.!, lets go falcons!!!!!!, #idontsupport womanizers. Deadbeat or slouches..., good morning everyone! what are y'all up to this beautiful saturday??, I'm crushing on my hubby! He just keeps getting cuter and cuter!, I generally use that, with the addition that the first few pages must earn the remainder of the 50., I am here.... Waiting. for the party lol, Food truck is happening. Yummy !!!!, That's a wrap! Miss us live? Check out #SonoranLivings website later today to learn about Pinterest for business., I have successfully rick rolled 500 people. My life is now complete., he is great, so what does a woman need to do to help her man and support him?, Jealous as hell of everyone celebrating cinco de mayo, I Know I'm Young But I Aont Even Tryna Fool Ya Wat I'm Sayin Is That Girl I Gotta Future, Why the fuck did get rid of OS X support for MeetMeNow???, Greetings from sunny California!, Your custom videos would be a great reward and project on Use it to pre/up-sell, ha! I saw that & had same thought. Kraft Table is on 1st & Boyle., Oh .. .. You just had to wake up & do it .. Welcome home sis lol, no comment on quality but when they shot in Baltimore they used our library's archives to ensure historical accuracy. That was cool., Loving and protecting my kids is all I really wanna do, yep, just cancer...but all kinds of cancer. His general doctor probably found something suspicious., We've tweeted it a hundred times dude., They are testing Alex Gonzalez's ACL on field. Not good., Can't tell you how proud I am of you! As an actor/filmmaker, I feel like you busted down some major doors. Congrats :), i need help forming an exploratory committee to run for Prez. also need sixhundredmillion bucks. anyone?, work all day!, Mother's Day 2morrow show the Mother's u know Some Love, Does the scoreboard go up to this much at the khole center?, Stupid Teacher *Me sucking on a sucker* "YOU CANT HAVE THAT, THAT COUNTS AS FOOD" Im like This isn't food idiot., OMG so true...whats the point, "The line of people in this world who really care about you ends here", oh fun fun stuff bird :) im so excited that your still wanting to go there, Finally off work getting brakes fixed on my car *tired wants to take a nap*, And there's a kid wearing a jersey at the NU/OSU bball game. Guess he haunts OSU everywhere!, First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-, Perhaps a parachute, or wing suit., I cheated & saw some photos Just wait it gets worse., is about that!! Nice.play Pedey!, I wanna play another show. Can I get a re-do?, I say DON'T do it for just an hour. Let your mind wander instead. If it was 2 hrs it would be a different story. Safe travels., Why did you mention yourself O_o?, Happy #MarathonMonday to all in Boston! Really wishing I was there. Stay thirsty, my friends!, I woke up yesterday morning feeling very unsure about the #Caps. Dc sports fans are used to losing., Trivia Question#6 Who was the first and highest ranking African appointed to an official position after slavery?, lmao not exactly., u r very serious LOL, On Pandora and about to surf some internet. lls, okay ur losing a lot of followers then bitch, some people never learn, RT from Iran: Khamenei tells people to oppose protestors, he has chosen his fate., showing he is ready to go in the 800 at the trials, Great case today on in Innov class. Fascinating also from the #CSN11 perspective. Thx to founder for joining us!, =D im pretty goodd! i just dont feel the best today unfortunatelyy, You are welcome looking forward to your tweets, #ImSingleBecause One Direction hasn't met me yet., griffin says you're a fag, but he loves you<3, I think I would like 2 support U but I haven't heard a responce 2 the troubling Chinese client commercial.. Your thoughts?, I'm waiting for the boyfriend video in dying, No Wonder I love the music!, I honestly can't believe its over. No matter how much you try to live in the moment, you can never soak up time. It just flies., thank you buddy. And Congrats to you on the new addition to your royal family!, Thanks, Zoey! Still digesting all the learning from this past week..., Back in LA. 73 and sunny. Ah., NW "Life After" with Al Reynolds (Star Jones ex husband) #Interesting !, RT : #bbcsum12 open access nets need rt infrastructure, starting w duct and fiber. Need equipment that supports multi- providers, say hi to your neighbor for me! lol, GRRRR RT : Angry discovers Comcast dropped Soap Network. Hell shall be unleashed., even after reading it, he didn't really prove his sugar is toxic claim to me. Clearly excessive consumption is bad. not new., Sad most of Russo's crspd. is closed. 1975: "Frank Kameny says DC has it all together and NY is behind the times. I told him to fuck off.", start time works good for us on the west coast. What's up with the skipping iheartradio stream, ha ha Torts, what a story. Yeah Rupper is good company as well!, what, what?! Lmfao we both don't know what's were talking bout:), I went from having back-up plans for back-up plans to having no plans at all -_-, found out that cost of parking at will cost around $230 in Jan. compared to which was $15. Anyone know an alternative?, I need food in my system.., is that last stat of current cell phone users or all americans? I think that 1 in 3 americans hv cell phones, John Lacking..., Enjoying my day off. Feels nice., Now Following!!!, I worry that Mitt Romney is a robot or sociopath. <robotvoice> "These work units must be...eliminated", indeed indeed indeed..., Thank you for the RT ;) xo, RT : So the new Jimmy Eat World album appears to have as its last track a cover of the Wilco duet with Feist, "You and I." #huh?, Just read a G+ post from an artist who was bothered that he sold a painting to someone rich., Prospective intern just said rescheduling interview is fine because it will "give [him] time to shower.", thanks for the follow ! Great website -- fond memories of the Mozart clarinet concerto..., An I the only one who thinks Shanahan is on the ice when you see number 14 on Nyquist?, See you folks at Jovitas this Wed. Lucky Tomblin Band at 8p and The VBB at 10p., is dreaming and doing., He dared her to make out with a stuffed wolf and shes doing it., ": Thrilled to hear that 90210 will be returning to the CW for season 5. Congrats, everybody!" oh Shit!!!!!, Saturday night I might be at the Baldwins. I'll call you. Sunday, Mark and I are driving to see my mom and grandmothers., What an INCREDIBLE night in class :) studios., Is having to go see the #Avengers at midnight tonight a good enough excuse to call off work tomorrow?, happy anniversary! Congrats on 8 happy years & many more to come. Miss y'all!!!, Follow my ravishing sister >>> actress, model, hip-hop superstar >>>, Are you drinking? ;), Thank you kindly for the RT, ! Sincerely, SJH, -Are you serious?!! :DD, If only they had cell phones back then... #Madmen : You forgot something, Don., Gosh everyone is yelling at me and being mad at me, i cant handle this anymore, just need someone to talk to., Again, early childhood development is key in order to become a successful and productive human being., Every man is gulity of the good he didn't do.- Voltaire (French satirist, essayist, and historian, 1694-1778), Good morning everyone LoooL, Can't believe Salty's problem used to be throwing it short. Now he's just throwing it past the base., I love a good travel deal!, what flavor?, Cracks in the concrete are just reminders that you can fall apart no matter how sting you are., Thanks! Weds eve is my usual live b'cast time (3 1/2 yrs now), Catch all the games tonight at Monks!! Specials on drinks to come for all Monks Twitter followers. UC? or OSU?..., Davinci Virtual started offering a 50% discount on one of our Manhattan locations in New York! Get a virtual office for less than $50/mo!, I hate gay people, wait....idk if I like that or not... lol, best wishes Sean ;), I noticed that while #AVENwiki has definitions for #neutrois and #agender, #Wikipedia does not..., That FAIL momment when some one tells you "happy birthday" and you respond with "Thanks, you too" Lmfao xD, #faSho:": Yall stay tuned.this yr im bout2 make major moves ligts,camera,action lets go!!", “: FHBO Bahahaha :)” yup been there did that yesterday.... Anna can say the same!!! Lol, going to Utica shopping!!!, If you want tickets to the show tomorrow hit up or anyone in it'll be a kick ass show, If you want it you can get it for the rest of your life.! ;)., #ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Jump out of good planes... wtf is wrong with you people?, 700 startups launched at Startup Weekends in the last two weeks! Crazy! #GEW #startupbattle”, My siblings are psychotic. Chill out, guyzzz.., lol take a trip to Stockton & come visit me !, To mow or not to mow, that is the question., Join today (above the Newbury ) from 5-8pm for their winter party! American Flatbread pizza, Harpoon Brews, raffles!, "I hospitalized a rock, killed a brick...I'm so bad I make medicine sick!", I'm watching viva la bam and man you are so hot!!! ¦, Bout to get chopped up at the barber shop long over due for a fade, roasting almonds this morning! it smells pretty good in here right now, X and I r done. Never to go back. I tried bringing that back but it didn't work. Laquane and I r just cool. Uhm phillip., Well, what is it??, Couldn't help but notice last night in your preview that your "three curiosities" were all foreigners. U-S-A! U-S-A!, Up super earlier than early! Time to get in a few workouts before starting a super long to do list!, We're still celebrating AMERICA!! Come see our Red, Whites, and Blues!! You won't be sorry you did! Open till 7 on Sunday! :), He was the creative force behind the Marlins home run celebration...thing., I saw this weekend. He focused on positiveness being the key to a happy life and a peaceful world. He had funny jokes too :), OUCH! sad, but can be very true., ... lol yea. Every team of mine. Fantasy or real. Is cursed like a mother fucker. Pisses me off., friday n thanks, Good morning, luvs!!!, If someone breaks your heart break their face and go eat some ice cream., Hard to believe this is my first real tournament since Borgata 2009 title. Great to be at Jax WPT for Event 1 !!! www.jaxpokerroom.com, Gayle: Great-looking pug. Yours?, If you know me you know i be thinking franklins ., I WANT A FLASHING TOOTHBRUSH., aww that's good to hear :'), Making Raspberry Vanilla Wheat Beer tomorrow! Can't wait!, #What2ChainzWouldSay Took ya girl and I'll do it again. My girl thick yours super thin. Gotta yellow hoe & a brown hoe what I call em? M&Ms!, Thank you Brett Glass! Thanks for being our number one cheerleader over the years! We so appreciate your love and friendship!!, PITTSBURGH WE RUN THIS!!! RT : “: Young Wild And Free Is Platinum!!! Thank You Taylors”, RT : "Hope for Haiti" telethon Friday night. Remember, autism doesn't stop at the U.S. borders. Let's continue to keep......, you mean they year the pretty much beat USC and lost to MSU on a bullshit fumble call?, Bog of Eternal Stench!, Chauncey stuckey is doing what he does best fumble the ball, thank god he's not on our team anymore. #butterfingers #getsomestick'emman, Called twice in 24 hours for a leak. Kind of amazing and refreshing how nice and responsive everyone has been., I don't think OJ made a shot this whole game, lol u be coo if you had someone to snuggle wit, I need an Early Mornin Gym Partner Str8 ^^ !!, I gotta choppa in the car so don't make it come alive, Backwards Day, "Anytime you start a sentence w/ 'I feel that', it's not a feeling, it's a judgment.", Started watching THE KILLING season 1 tonight. It's really good and definitely intriguing albeit very dark and depressing!, meeting with about an upcoming teleseminar on social media marketing, Michael Phelps "I would just wake up at 11 am...play video games. I was so lazy." Well, now I feel EXTREMELY lazy., How cool is that? Love Reddit., I'm just curious as to how many more questions you get from UofL and UK fans than any other fanbase? What's the %?, hooray for sharing the wonderful news on FB & Twitter, it's REALLY official now that you've shared it., Welcome back students! Hope you had a fantastic holiday break. Classes resume tonight., Damn.. miss that guy lol, actually I agree. Never was an apple fan. I use a droid for my phone. After months of researching the ipad. Its great!, I love the new fanfic! It's amazing, you know that Nutella is lot higher in calories than people think., nah they have a good D and Hester Knox Marshall and Jeffery, with Forte and Bush? Holy cow they have weapons., Live fancy., Why the fan in my class fell out the window. LMAO, My #NationalCoffeeDay cup is Irish Style, if you know what I mean lol...have a great day coffee lovers!!!, I have hit my following limit! My #twimit, if you will., Everyone rolls through stopsigns here in California., Atleast it isn't business related. Wooh, that was close. Have a great day everyone, you should just say YOU're TIRED replying to our tweets..:(, wish you could have too! it was so great, get out while you can., Thank You for the follow. Looking forward to reading your tweets! :), Does it matter if it's SOA or cloud services? Not to the business - ZDNet (blog) (via ), You know, I actually wondered about that!, The silent bear no witness against themselves., Hey all is well. I'm real good. Hope things r good on ur end. I need 2 check my phone ---- did u text or call???, Names make or brake you. Today's name: Princess Crump. i shit you not, no prob, congrats to u & &every1 else!, thanks guys the music is helping a lot for sure!, If you don’t have solutions – You don’t have a life- InSpotter mobile app, Today's Friday the 13th, and it always reminds me how irrational some sports superstitions are...namely Nomar Garciaparra's every move, Regardless of their brand perception, #GoDaddy has some of the best #customerservice out there., Just when I think I might be growing up a little, I go to the bathroom and my underwear are on inside out. Try again, e., Without struggle , there is no progress ., Hey boy,i think i wanna marry you <U+E328>, I've been on a big kick learning about# #megalithic sites., I've been so lazy i dont even feel like chillen wit my friends lately, haha ayy girl don't be scared! God forgives us! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> & m yummy!! Lol, Me and are planning tattoo ideas........, About to take a long hot shower lata!, I'm about to eat (:, hell yea lol has too I can't do it to one of those acne hair not done bitches I want someone lookin good befor and after, RT : RT : "You look happy. Let me see what I can do about that." - Life, Moving speech about #Turkistan from a #weeger at #toastmaster meeting. Research this #humanrights topic - wow!, Scallop n shrimp Skewers with a special sauce... Its gonna be good!, The heat was great. Now it's back to reality...Oh, and I brought the color., three days away from my vacation, . Thank you Senator for standing up for what are basic human rights, & demanding dignity & honor from our Commonwealth of, Still holding on to #Bucks playoff hopes. #EternalOptimist. After that, time to root for, of course :-), Eli Manning as a drag queen on #SNL. You have to respect him. He certainly doesn't have an acting career waiting, but the man is committing, Welcome to UW ! Awesome!, Hate we didn't get amille but ill take the class we have as is. Good luck with the dookies, NyQuil doesn't even work these days...., Rare Element Announces Revised and Improved Economic Results from Pre-Feasibility Study at Bear Lodge, Thank u soo much for following (:, I sumtimes wanna know how half the ppl in magazine r super super skinny!? Like do they starve thm selves?, That has to be a record., reminds me of great Bradbury short story The Veldt. Worth a read! Similar situation., Determination and Perseverance is the key to success, I'm on my way ain't no turning back now, My NFL fantasy football team finally made it into the top 5 of my league., Beans, beans, the magical fruit..., Black jack cola!!, Nice to see you again,, my screen aint been workin on my phone for almost 2 months now and some of the stuff people left me <<<<<<<, A minute you spend with jealousy, you've wasted a moment of your time hating yourself., we taught you everything you know, Mallory!, Teacher Tuesday! All teachers past or present get happy hour all night long. Thank you teachers! Enjoy New wines on the glass menu too., Lost for words. Who cares anyways? Heading back to bed., you can play "fag" chord tho, I'll have to check it out and I'm sorry to hear about sick kids RT : coupons plus that U save program are pretty good, Uh oh! I've discovered the world of RPG and Classic Platformer apps. Hello Fallen Realms and Sonic CD, goodbye productivity., With the way the mosquito's have been treating me you would think I had a flashing free buffet sign on my back., that yoga retreat in Italy sounds divine! I might try squeezing it into my summer schedule. Thx for the info., Except for Corey Hart, the #Brewers outfield is full of jerks., Happy Mothers Day, Headed no where fast., Good luck tonight!, More than 135 foster kids have been adopted in Anch this year, according to AK DHSS. On this AK Adoption Day, 18 families have new members, More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse., Sorry you're missing the swap! Have you read any books by Tana French? She's great!, Ha. You wont understand anyways!, Mitt said he is not “concerned about the very poor.” I wonder if he would be if he was?, RT : If you don't use it, it will fall off!, so very true..., thanks Sarah, you too!, yeah. I'm tryna make ivy happy, We print t-shirts for teams in the #SusanGKomen #raceforthecure. Hit us! Breast cancer awareness is a personal passion for our family., I hate watching the O's play at Fenway - I get so nervous every time a fly ball is hit to left field., A big welcome to all of our new followers! Be sure to keep your eyes open over the next few days for the #slutwalkmke date!, You can tell its the slow season for sports. Turtle from entourage is being interviewed live on ESPN., oh static electricity, i have not missed you, You will shine like a star if you live with integrity, humility and purity., Wanna eat some pumpkin pancakes with (:, Contest winner packages will be sent out this week!!, "Teach Only Love" ~ Archangel Michael, See y'all then! I'll be chick dancing foolishly all night long :), - actually I did at first but you have to dive into it to love it., sweetness, may I have your permission to use this photo in one of my haiga? Pretty Please? You'll like it, promise. :), School Board fundraiser at 730. I am NOT and never been a morning person, YouTube. My usernames xxxmalice, There are more than 2000 youth that are homeless in the District of Columbia., : it was Ron Paul who left nails in the parking garage causing your fat., I just don't trust a presidential candidate - or anyone for that matter - who takes notes with a fat Sharpie., OMG!!! Big Time Rush is having a concert in #Vermont this summer!, just getting ready for church Happy Easter, Time to hit the #gym. It's a little later than when I usually go, but hey, I'm here., thanks for It's a great resource., I don't smoke pot but I would still like the bong Marty used in Cabin In The Woods. I will also accept in general. Hes so cute., I need to buy The Announcement since I missed it. The research I'm working on is about HIV and heterosexual black men 20 years later., I see you "doe", hahah FA FREE., Smoked salmon and spinach salad, Finishing up today's Party Guide feat. , & Super Bowl madness!, Aye, Captain! There be email here!, How are you? You going to see Kimberly Gordon tonight? I might need to get some "air" and get up there for a set or two., RT : "Teams are built or destroyed by words and actions" "BillyCox, Happy Friday! Don't let anyone or anything steal your joy. God blessed you to see another day so enjoy it. Love, Sandra!, Getting the info to finish my last Genetics assignment!!, We Think You Awesome, Let's Follow Each Other!, “For God and country — Geronimo, Geronimo, Geronimo. Geronimo EKIA”. - Unanimous Navy SEAL. In and out in 42 minutes flat. Job well done., Miller with 2 really nice defensive plays. Defense wins championships!, Thanks a bunch for another great class!!! I may be joining you again next Friday. : /, Getting ready for #hurricaneirene here on Long Island, NY., Ridiculously rainy and cold. Definitely not pedicabbing weather, that's for damn sure. Day-drinking weather, perhaps..., EMTS and she was off to the Hospital...:/, I need new black heel, you're going to DC ! uugghh i just came back to NY from DC...maybe i can persuade my parents to bring me ! ahaha not happening, Super cute. Are the shoes comfortable?, Given the gloom outside, it's a perfect day to lie on the couch and watch tv. Enjoy it while you can!, I wish I had my moms eyes, very dissapointing outing Saturday DC United vs. LA Galaxy draw, but we didn't loose, ”Act with confidence” ”Sieze the moment” w, Tha flat black Prius going, going, #gone~, You got me bewitched cause i'm under your spell......., June 8th, so there's plenty of time to plan. I was thinking of Newport, due to the proximity of Hofbrau Haus (and also my haus)., Thanks for following & look forward to your info! #dogood Home of #2DayLatteFast!, Why can't football juststart now?, when isn't he sexy seriously?, what do you mean then., Quote of the Day: All knowledge, the totality of all questions and all answers, is contained in the dog- Franz Kafka via, Hop-on closed 300% up. The volume was 960,515,471 shares. It was a good day., “So today I saw Git explained with Tinkertoys, and I think I "git" it now! #sorryihadto seriously, genius idea! #barcamporlando”, Finished watching The Vow :) Totally perfect., I'd rather rest in a sauna than row through a lagoon., #Follow_Back Following back legitimate followers., Love your summer line tees- slick designs man., horrible. Rock chalk til deathh though, You're quite welcome! Any time., Enjoyed "Pa' Todo El Ano" by Little Joe & La Familia on Pandora, The Greener the House, the Quicker the Sale, The Army put me in another leadership role. I am now Squad Leader for 5th Squad., "You look like Steven Tyler!... fucked Mick Jagger!" Not a fan of this Juliet Simms girl & my boyfriend isn't either, obviously. Lolol., me and you HAVE to meet and Rob someday!!! :), I don't like having to tell people my astrological sign. There's just something so depressing about saying, "Hi, I'm a Cancer.", We will have to see how it turns out but the prospect is exciting., weather channel & weather underground fail. both said it would start storming around 1. Now not till after 4. Screwing up my nap schedule!, Dear #liquorati, is it sacrilege to build a margarita with anejo vs reposado? & made the comparison possible. Salud!, Much better today..Thanks...#fakeituntilyoumake it, Does love always have to be a game? Ugh, everyday you should tweet an add forclout advertisers. It'll crush the homeland terrorists at "Media Matters", The life we live is from stories we create, is your story thriving in positive and empowering moments?, please follow back it'll mean do much! Thanks for making #Believe its going to be Amazing! I already know it! :-) #MuchLove!, Hey Vastu!!! Hope all is well., Apparently answering the question “What do you like most in a woman?” with “my dick” gets you kicked off eHarmony…, Friend: "Didnt we have pink eye together?" Rube: "When was your butthole on my eyebrow?", Thanks, we'll see how it goes..., Thanks for the tweet, Max. Glad you like it!, Paradise just got that much prettier with the opening of at DFS Waikiki yesterday. Spring in ladies!, New England may have league's best defense in 3 years. #Sheesh. Great draft., Congrats big hurt. Made it on your blocking this year. Good stuff., I have a potty mouth, get over it, It's the anniversary of the *other* shipwreck I'm obsessed with: Lusitania. Diana Preston's book on it is excellent; gave me nightmares., Hon trademark. My take. Yous ain't got no sense at all., Building some fancy automated workflows in Drupal. I are cutting the edges., :o the world may never know., RT : Want to join and put finishing touches on the Exhibit Wed evening? DM us if so, Great crowd on 17 today for What an atmosphere!, Lucky I'm in love with my best friend<3, I'd rather walk alone than play your supporting role., it's ok! You can still be a #cupcakemonster with me! And who shows up to a party on time anyway? ;), Amen to that!, Too much chocolate ., Bye Pride and Prejudice :D, GO FIND NORMAN REEDUS AND TELL HIM I LOVE HIM., You better not break my heart, my daddy's got a gun., in the line up yes, face offs not really, Beagle would've got much more ice time then Halpern did, This weather matches my mood perfectly., Where was Jennings during my fantasy play season!, what up homie, The passenger- deftones.... Forgot how much I loved this song, experimenting with RedHat's OpenShift for some of our mini-apps, aside from an annoying documentation reader for the user guide, I like it, in sept, and I think so ! I haven't really listened to any clips of that song, #SometimesIJustWant to close my eyes and disappear from this place., Thats really cool., then you should appear to the naked human eye as a pile of poo poo, oh wait you do!, 'Undesirable Elements' is a mixture of social change, journalism and theater., Employers ask to 'poke' around on Facebook profile and get ur password #AM New York, Find names of people who have lived in your old house. Polk City Directories-historic books available for reference at main branch library, so ready for you to be here already!!! <3, Nice tweet. : Mike implies a modal shift. Trey reels it back in, did your hand hurt after singing 500 posters?, Fred you know I'm up- on the way to SXSW. Cadillacs on 22's, Posted a ruff mix preview of my song "Mill Valley Matinee". Hope you like it. :-) www.sonicbids.com/rachelmargaret, have you checked out Newsie it's fast, slick & in the top ten news category., nice to meet you too. i love a good slurpee brainfreeze; popcorn makes me want to see a movie. what's your friday look like?, Made it to 575 "likes" on FB. Now we just need that many followers on Twitter. Actually how about that many folks at a show? Better., Dis damn beer is nasty as hell #bud ice, There will be lunch on the 7th floor at 12:30., Jets Sign Matt Simms to Free-Agent Deal After Mini-Camp Tryout - BusinessWeek, 2morrow's friday[:, already sitting in moscone with my badge!, Thank you Rob and Continental airlines - one of the most pleasant flying experiences in recent memory! (Flight 2825). Keep up the good work, Tht awkward moment when someone replies "lmaoo" and u don't know what to write back :o, Someone bring me Poquito Mas please., Storytelling happens when we tell our stories, not when we watch others tell theirs - Jennifer Wilson on digital/participatory media, Thank you for the RT and the FAVORITE. And thanks for all you do in support of #Educare!, @ chuck e cheese with melissa... Yep... Shes the only person I would ever do this with..., no... I know, I know, I'm missing out!, #Ghettocrayoncolors blue waffle, i-i wont stop(;, I would really like to dm you some questions in regards to the work you did in the bronx. Thank you for the follow, There is only one reason I'm still awake now... #waiting #hopeful <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><U+260E><U+260E><U+260E><U+260E><U+260E><U+260E><U+260E> #havethingschangedyet?, hey you so cute mr man! :), me too, I think in the morning or early afternoon, great panel! Bravo = social tv genius, Saying bye to my best friend and knowing I may not see him again was just as painful as it sounds, Have a great weekend everyone!, I agree. Had not watched in years. Watched the other nite and Anderson Cooper was just awful, doing the #GOP talking pts :(, Sleeping in has not felt this good in SO long!, thanks for the follow! any chance you're connected to attorney #bobalsdorf? connections abound!, "[T]he library in a small community may become a real center of light and leading" - C. C. Williamson, 1918, I've had a wonderful time! Saw lots of friends & warblers. Rented a very nice house right on Lake Erie. Sad to be headed home., when reporting #data, step out of your shoes & into the shoes of someone who doesn't 'get' numbers, You want $1,000 per year for API access to my own content? You are out of your fucking mind., Knicks only down 2 going into the half. They are good if melo stay hot., Nice fact! Love when you post this kind of stuff! HISTORY!!!, sure, Thx for posting the article!, #RIPMCA I first saw The Beastie Boys when they opened for Madonna in 1984. Everybody was pumped., Any current office suites or co-working tenants in competing spaces in Manhattan can receive massive discounts, just bring your license ag, Texas ML and the Over in that game look very favorable, guess how you tow a train? you push it. really hard. with another train..., 11:11 wish is I wish things would get better..and that you would follow me(: <3, abc family or just abc ? Thanks !, Good picks, Jeff. Have a great weekend!, like ambient noise to fall asleep to! Waves and wind and whales and whatnot haha. Its daytime where you're at huh?, The assignment desk is also a hub for directions!, Ladies Night is tonight!!! Ladies enjoy 1/2 price drinks from 6pm-close! We also have Happy Hour 1/2 price wine, beer & sushi from 4-6pm!, Just got done watching #thegame I can't believe James died... Oh my bad this is, What a dick., should follow u back for that screaming endorsement!! would!!!, is geting behind early so he can have plenty of time to catch up, My favorite comedian is Nicolas Fehn!, (Andrew Carnegie) As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do., YAY!!!!!! #MBAVseason2 is coming soon!!!!Im so excited possibly too excited but who cares!!!!;);););), we gone fight lol, Pens going to the cup, and docs lie!! "Pinch and a burn" is nothing like it says., *blank lol go back to sleep babe, yes! i can't look too much at it, you know, driving and all. :), Plans Friday? Plan to have a cold one w/ volunteers fresh off the worksite w/ Red Hats & AmeriCorps. 6-10pm, WA is amazing! I'm going to college next fall :) shopping is waayyyyyy better than I expected! I miss seeing you in history :(, Now we grieve for those who are gone, Missed the toilet so he took a shirt off the clothes rack and started to wipe it up... Weird dream, wgat does it mean??, up too early, Whaaaaats up on this lovely monday?, This is the better, North Korean version lol, y doesnt time warner cable have it yet, Tour has been amazing so far! Huge thanks to our friends and fans!!! Iowa City tonight! Milwaukee tomorrow! Knoxville, TN on Sunday! Cheers!, My haircut looks like I sat in the barber's chair and said, "Id like you to make me look younger, and also homophobic.", Come on Marquette, let's finish this, just need TO knock down free throws, Twisting Tuesday night at Chili's in Wilmington, Ma. from 6-8PM Kids eat FREE! Come in and Visit!, Wings! YUMMY!!!, Ooh! Is that what I think it is?, There seems to be a glitch in the radio feed! If you're listening, please hit refresh!, They are like a continuous bouncing ball. Train consistently and give them room to run., this is true. fun glasses are good, though easier to knock over when tipsy. :(, We've arrived at the Grand Canyon, 12 hours after departing denver., Joshua is over the top- Steven; that's an understatement, My Monday is less than spectacular because I have no idea who Jennifer Love Hewitt jerked off this week. C'mon, what lol? you look nice with glasses on :P, HAHA! woohoo! You are a close runner up though. LOL, Congrats to my pals star latronica Barbara Genco Judy Freeman & so many others on the #ala Alsc elections, love it…too funny!, Thanx 4 the Follow! <3 right back at ya!, #SongsThatWillAlwaysBump "This Is How We Do It" - Montell Jordan, If a tomatoe is a fruit then is ketchup a smoothie?, I have a finca my friend..nuff said lol but traveling around is nice too, You can control how much you submit online. You can control HOW CONSISTENTLY you write letters or postcards. Don't worry about results., FF Privilege on a P.S follow. Thanks #GameChanger ., About to talk live with about their Build-A-Thon!, I think my cat is snoring, If the giants win by 2 pts will Tom Brady be the MVP??, Hey shit bags, we're playing in Pittsburgh at The Smiling Moose tonight (3/6)! Be sure to come down and get wild with us!, Thanks to all who supported our tweet regarding free tax prep in Chula Vista tomorrow! Have a great weekend!, BUSINESS/LEADERSHIP TIPS:, Oh thats okay. Dont reply to my text. I was just exercising my thumbs... No big deal., Taking my dad to the Sunday O's Nats Game for his 75 bday Beltway series, Listening to talk MVP, ": Craig Sager is channeling a peacock with that suit. #tnt #NBA" THAT SUIT IS WACK!!! He looks like a white pimp in Fresno., thought u were looking for some artist. My bad, What is everyone's fav cell phone game? My all time favs are word mole and snake, “: good luck to aka "miss always on time" in the #wpt today” <-- best nickname ever!, Congratulations to Tony S on 14 years of service with #kforce!, KEYC - Mankato News, Weather, Sports -State of emergency lifted amid Pa. stun ... - KEYC TV, 7071, 6834, 6984. Poor man trying to get by., Today is the first day of spring. Don't you feel like it was already here?, Hey man I'll be in NY Oct. 11th - 17th. Are you going to be around?, Definitely will. I'll report back., I agree! I need color in my life and white walls make me sad., caraschatz: HQ shares the pics a few weeks after the conference each year- they are free for DL. Check Connections/SLA Blog 4 notice ..., Yayyerz!! We are like long lost twins XD, sounds amaze balls! Can't wait :P, when your rival town is also your favorite town to party with., Ackee n sawfish cornbeef n corn meal porridge wit fried dumplings.... Good Morning, My metabolism and my tiredness are ridiculous. I am so hungry and falling asleep., We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories.Some take us forward they're called dreams. ~Unknown, I'm tired!, You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer., sleep well my friend! See you in a couple of weeks!, I get annoyed by people who constantly post pictures of their food., Always a 'victory' somewhere in the situation. CU goes 3-10 today...but it's the 1st road win for the seniors...in their collegiate career., I had follow, See its hard to maintain, when its hard stay..sane., Spring cleaning :), Neapolitan ice cream was made for people who can't make a decision. Come on people -decide something, even if it's wrong., very close to here. Did you live in New England?, Moving down the highway listening to late night wacko radio., Last call for alcohol!! who came up with thats shhh?? Anyway, Next up: the future of Dewey. Keep or chuck? Old Tappan PL has gone Dewey-free, as has Maricopa County., OMG I will never forget that episode because of the scene with Emily & Maya in the movie theatre! lol, I got my own place I couldn't live with my mom NO SEX AT ALL ;(, GUYS PLEASE DON'T FOLLOW ME I SAID TO FOLLOW NOT ME SO UNFOLLOW ME AND FOLLOW, Honey Honey us up first at woo Hoo banjo playing red dress wearing chick and 3 dudes, that's why I left my eggs and ham out for the last two weeks. Next year be prepared., New parents should be able to grow a temporary third arm. They could use it., Snarted RT : and Tom would be a creepy owner haha., My band family member, George Arnold Passed away this week. Please pray for family healing in this loss. He was very talented and kind., Caught a guy doing something in the locker room, you know what I mean? can't he wait till he gets home? Is it the aroma?, I am looking for the contact to pitch information about a NP in Atlanta. Beat: ATL local news. Can you help? Thx, PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME #FOLLOWMEALEX !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, I love you too, babe ;P, love u buddy! Cheers!, Thanks girl!, Why the he// are beliebers so selfish?! Justin can't win err'thing., I wanna party & bullshitttttttttt, Hilda, appealing picture, Things never change, love this!, Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, April 3rd, 10:30am "A Visit with the Dinosaurs" What is a Brontorina or a Bumposarus?, same here. Still working out 6 days a week. I haven't been tweeting much. My employer blocked it. ., Another cover the night!, liar, liar!, Walmart Stores Bring NASCAR Driver Appearances, Fan Events and Unique Race Time Experiences to Kansas and Missouri, My husband and I are going to a tea dance this morning. A great way to begin a Friday. Ballroom dancing is so much fun. Good exercise, too., love the website, what a great idea!, Independent means we research policies and rates from more than 50 top-rated companies to build a plan that’s just right for you. (weblink), can anyone help me find Red Sox vs O's tickets for 5/17, Knock knock, wasn't goodnight moon a quote from a kids book....its bringing back memories... lol, OMG! pringles and hummus! I'm in tasty heaven :), .... bryanna vera Watch, she's gonna see this., Have a magical Saturday! “: U bring something beautifully original 2 the world..something no1 else has 2 offer. #TheSW”, I thought there was no I in team?, Anybody who watches three games of football in a row should be declared brain dead., Boff, Marry, Kill? Your 5th grade teacher, Mr Rogers. and all the dudes in Your Favorite Hero collectively... go!, oh it does buddy. Just be careful because it's right next door to knock-em-up alley. Don't turn too soon;-), Ready to go - hosting Florida Roundup at 12noon on WLRN 91.3 Streaming live WLRN.org Thx , now go have another vacation beer!, man, was just thinking about how epic a #Lakers #Heat #NBA #Finals would be. wow, When do you send the eggs on twitter?, SALT is useful once u learn how 2 use it (the tutorials help); has Span-Eng norms too; I use it about 1x/yr w/ lang kids, matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 20, great to meet the crew at #FoodTruckFriday looking forward to the next one!, Wow, that's how you deal with people? Shun them as soon as they do something you're not okay with, instead of helping them. Nice., And here's the email from Lars' producer after the piece: "That was fun. Great radio.". Just so you know what it is all about., u aren't home?, LOL! It's great to meet you too ;), Floodgates opened., good morning to you!, Same here..., thanks for having us! you were great tonight, too!, burned 103 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 2.5 mph, leisurely pace", Thank you sir! - St. Bootstrapper, Chandler Jones o NE per Schefter, i just laugh @ the bitch., Except when you steal it, you good for nothing thief., You dont even know what im feeling and you probably wont even understand Im less of a person thanks to you nothing in world can match, Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 10!!!!!! Got a new track coming be on look out "SO SPECTACULAR" By Lyrical Trilogy, Tomorrow we officially welcome everyone back for the first day of classes in the spring semester!, did u braid ur hair yet, and are you going to braid it yourself? i'm thinking to get senegalese twist but i'm not sure?, People are shitty., I got Dicks on my bumps., A sexy young black woman just stopped me on the street and said "I like your look." So..... I have a look........., never had your number, this is from a week ago :p, remember this? In our increasingly interconnected world, karma has become an instant reality., So very many issues with the Kardashian sisters. So very, very many., Nigga asked me if I'm in love -_- no. But I love him there's a difference :/, Today, even if we do not use magnets for rotation, motors could be designed to harvest gravity on the down swing, only pulsing on the upward, Happy Monday Rockstars! Hope you have a great week!, Awe! And I'm thankful for you as well! I love you!!, When will Rampage fight again?, Was just told, Im the ideal Bad Girl... Hm not sure what to think bout that, try 500 bro, got the superbowl by you this year huh? Awesome!, When we watch the ICONic Boyz dance without Vincent... I can't even right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>, Pizza for breakfast, it took the ESPN bozos an hour and half to finally get to talk about Tebow.., MAN I WANT TO COME THERE! LOL, watching degrassi , yup im cool xD, do you think the #mets will make the playoffs this year?, #HowAboutWe only go to school two days a week, and have 5 day weekends., ": Bar Sign: Those drinking to forget please pay in advance.", That was all...., My day was crazy y'all wouldn't believe it...trust me, watching the last song!! (:, Almost missed the bus while buying faygo. That's an ICP lyric, right?, It's National Pizza Week! We want to know... what's your favorite topping?, Soup is here! Come by today and try our delicious onion soup served with slices of our freshly baked baguette and butter., On the way, Love ? I don't get none, Got to wait two weeks to take my son in to the pediatrician. Thats military bases for you. They seems to be over booked on everything., OK Im goin To My Movie, My favorite movie as a kid was Black Stallion so it's nothing against horses but still...Why a "War Horse?" is this how to beat it to death?, He just don't know I'm hitting this barber shop before I make this delivery., Aww thanks honey you are too! And you made my day! (: <33, Now its pretty rave girl. I fucking hate Techno., Working late in my haunted building. Trying to not be alarmed each time I hear the structure creak and sigh., Hey "American Dream" commercial guy from Spotify, your voice/lisp has thoroughly creeped me out., I think they mean talked. RT : Have you stopped by and stalked to the US Marine Corps Historical Company yet?, There is actually a difference between being tan, and looking like a burnt steak., Kanisha auntie a trip, Finally I'm back home and unpacking., yea Dollas my bro I love that niggardly to death, I miss you guys miss my, if this is collaborative recipe making, I'm in! will let you know how it turns out., Finally I'm with my sister !!!, How'd it go for you and ya bro in Vegas?, I am so sorry to see Peyton Manning leave I will truley miss him. I certainly hope Ursay Knows what he is doing. Colts Forever, Q2b) Help them build a mind map of the essential steps, methods, procedures, etc. based on a real experience., The plunge is Sunday, still time left to donate! ttp://www.firstgiving.com/fundraiser/klaytonkorver/12thannualchicagopolarplunge/team, :) BTW, did you guys feel the earthquake over there?, Ha! Hypothetically, I've a whitelist <g>...which *you've* been on forever <laughing and laughing> Signal to noise does get complex, Thanks to for presenting us with his balls. Nine of them., WHAT IS IT? :O, Ray Ray. Fa three, Eyes are getting heavy.., I agree! Totally enjoying it!, I'd trend anything for you!!, Telling someone else to tweet/facebook differently is the most awkward thing., Best #SEO in #California =, inspiration to up and coming ballers! Zack 9, joey 6, and ruff n ready bulldozer lou 2! Thanks 4 genuine good u exploit!, I just want to graduate & shave my head., RT : i really hate it when people beg ., remember when that lady came last year and did all those crazy things??, Are they toying w/ us? RT : Want tickets for tonight's game? Call 215.218.7825 or stop down at the Wells Fargo Center Box Office!, you call on me at the weirdest times Nikkole Parker, I gotta a headache, outer space hubble, Congrats on the Ohio state win. No gators to face. They have a shot at a title., Bosh was fouled 3 times glad they called the last one., Jealous of all of the girls webcam's that are working :')., What is one secret that you haven't told anyone?, "education hurts" I'm ready to get, How convienient, I get sick during a snow term. Perfect! :D, I really want a chair or couch for my dolls to sit on. Can't really find one in the 17" doll size., Thanks, sweetheart! Turns out you'll be exhibiting with Fresh Arts! ;), gearing up to record or new as of yet untitled EP. check us out and let us know which songs you'd like to hear on it (rerecorded of course)., Civil War: Today in 1863, Pres. Abraham Lincoln attended a play--"The Marble Heart," starring John Wilkes Booth, Lincoln's future assassin., losing hair in my eyebrows AGAIN! anyone have any idea what causes this? its legit like balding eyebrows!, Testing Friend Stream to see is it really works ...., i follow can u add me ? Please? thanks!!(:, Every time!!!!! Ugh stupid train, New lyrics posted - "Polarized" - link on Facebook., "WHO ME?" feat. produced by - "I SUPPORT MY CITY vol. 2" 07.06.10 -- get up on that immediately, Going into subway & forgetting your not wearing a bra yolo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, One Union., didn't mean by me fuck that....I'd pay someone to do mine lol, Making pretty type pictures., oh my, i'm so sorry! just saw your message. i'm emailing you right now., sounds like white people problems dude., I'm even more grateful for the people that have been place in my life., Hope you made it home first. We did--barely!, Was she & when? If me and you are talking and I say that I didn't like so & so shoes is that talking sugar honey iced tea?, You know to hustle don't mean you got to do it illegal I'm just saying, the digital world helped sports fans as much as anybody. All you really need anymore is an internet connection. Isn't it cool!, oh good! I would totally send freeway up to regulate for you!!!, Any parties this weekend i can go to???, Leaving Colorado, then back home to LA, then Vegas, then NYC! All within 2 weeks. Just call me US traveler., Oh , love how you just tweeted a photo doing Edward 40hands like it's it no big deal. Standard., “: "Facebook isn't Craigslist" via Don't post listings & open houses. I would say the same 4 Twitter”[sparingly], Tasting Gold coast, Verona and Yukon tonight. Stop by around 6 for some coffee and pastry samples., Lol my 7 year old just asked if I was going to watch grey's amanity., Congrats to who beat me heads up. He played well and deserved to win it!, The grass may be greener on the other side of the fence, but it still has to be mowed, A great Mayor, Things do not change; we change. ~Henry David Thoreau, A protective boyfriend. >>>, Yesterday my daughter told me her secret robot name (19 characters long) and ordered me to address her with it for the forseeable future., Learn about C history at Breakheart - Wicked Local, whats up my dude!, The most important part of a development project is citizen engagement -, ....coming in around 1 pm or 2p tues. never heard FROM DD or Ty? U around?, Some of the #FANmily is still watching basketball in the Northwest: FTW. But we can still cheer on, yeah, it's like they're trying to avoid it . . . Seems like CS would fit better than the tech they cover, That's a great question. Is there a reason? That thing screams Silva!, #PhrasesIWishWouldDie Twitterverse, any combination of two celebrity names that are dating., MT : Less than a week until the National Public Health Week Film Festival. Come show your #NPHWff love! Only at, i re-need them kobes omg lol, Alright - it's freaking hot in here. But it just got ugly!, I'm thinking we might have to put that off for now...., yea....I've attempted to check for grey hairs ....ha., Definitely not, Especially after a 3-day weekend., i want a boyfriend . im sorry but single life sucks for me., I hope I can!, omg you're so helpful with everything! Especially with 1D things! Hope that made sense :p hehe have a good day(:, Going to my little cousin pre-k party tomorrow., Thanks for the RTs! >, saw an eagle catching vents south of Southridge. I hope this is a harbinger of good things for me., Aye don't get to cocky -_- & someone told me his first name & it was the same thing you told me !, nopppeeee what ??? like why are you saying no, I agree that wins!!! Good luck, Why is dwade not being fined? Any foul that leads to a broken nose and a concussion in an all star game seems a bit much., #GhettoCrayolaColors #Magenta just sound like a bad hood bitch lol, Eminem is so good looking omfg, ok im bout to add u..., Can I have more info?????, #ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Glass Tits, Improv is the perfect medium 4 a smartass like me., #wcphilly #day2 : ticket #3398: "I need help please, you lazy bastards.", I did the wave., I need money! lol, good awards & alumni day w & men's soccer. Spring game tmrw. U would be proud!, A free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z., Love these days...docu shoot for client Taj Smith then Bragmann's for lunch., Not sure yet. We're having our first organizers meeting tonight to plan things out. =), Waiting on White House announcement for contraception rule., #Cataloging our institution's oral history transcripts, I always get sucked in, read them cover to cover., I'd just like to point out the best Hank I album is "Lovesick, Broke...," not "Straight to Hell." Thank you and good night., thx for the follow! Really looking fwd to your tweets! Pls let me know if there's ever anything I can do!, It's hang on time!, wow. headache. not as bad as I thought it would be., nothing I'm str8... I don't air dirty laundry ya know!, Allez Cuisine! RT : It's been a long and mostly productive day so I think I've earned a couple episodes of Iron Chef., Happy Earth Day!, hey miss lady, how ya day been goin, sweet now I have to pay a premium!, "So is it going to be easier to do it in a new univ or expect our existing univ to comp change?" Does our gov know USF has an eng school?, i am going to be up for a while., yeah, it's starting to feel like purgatory now, Bitches out chea giving lap dances for juicy juice, Its raining! No wait, pouring!! :), Is headed home. Buy bye black diamonds...I mean green circles., Well thanks, we like to think so. cc. RT I love you. Your posts are sexy., We have Monday Night Football and #FoodieChat love! Tweet is for special, It's not just AppleTV. Live is the missing feature from ALL disruptive options., tar is an amazing material to make art with. at the same time it is also the worst., since girls know what "buttaface" means, i'm just gonna say 'ugly head', I still can't find your new album on #itunes. What gives?, RT: RIP Melody......who's Melody?, i like my smile big, my music loud, and my friends weird., will be speaking to in November about personal branding! Thanks in advance Laura!, I am cleaning and vacuuming my room, the world might end..., Like u got it going on girl<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>, Not helping., We want to know, as well..., Just getting out of bed! ( ha! It's 7am here) Give me a few to get some coffee :), I still havent seen avengers. u?, On BQE listening to Jared Gold's "All Wrapped Up". So Killing!, #leadership isn't about what you accomplish. It's about what the people around you accomplish, often after you leave., hahah james bond ;), "Ignorance is a voluntary misfortune." -Nicholas Ling, i just tasted marker not good, Really, I thought it was mainstream GOP officials who made the GOP look bad., she has fallen in love w/the white gaze & deeply believes black people are inferior. Resistance from Hirsi? Forget it., Kourtney and Kim Take New York ! <33333333, Follow because he's nice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>, Perfect spring day :-) yard work here we come!, thanks for checking out our jams!, +1 RT Jim Smith on proposed athletics budget: 'Florida State needs to decide if we’re going to be in big-time athletics or not.', do a vlog on your favorite songs!, The only way to stay true is to be you and I'm 100, What you need?, The Merchant Of Penis, At Teambuilding for Supervisors with Looking forward to a great session!, The wife bought some store brand tissues. My nose is to delicate to trust generic brands, Duhh I Did.., too bad! Yes we will talk soon! Much success!, HOW FREAKIN ADORABLE!!!! I wanna name her....MAHANA!!! :D, Aw, man! Everybody had cake but me. Pouting now! ;), I hate Katy Perry and every time I hear one of her songs I literally cringe., Love that!!, Has anyone ever been to buddha bar?, Yeah, now. It's my mom. She isn't doing so well., Ever felt u take 1step forward 2 steps back? I Do. So I keep a list of my steps to know I'm moving forward. How do u know your direction?, Madison's Voice., turned 38 today and i still can't grow a beard.. attempted one for start of Bruins playoffs & i was called B. Farve, Heard are keeping skiles.....got to think hard about if I wil continue being a fan of this franchise....smh, Adults say ''Because I said so'' when they don't have a good reason., happy birthday :), Pullin for #Tebow to beat the piece of crap #tombrady who ive always hated most, What happened to our sunshine? A rainy Monday is the perfect time to make some scrambled eggs and breakfast sausage links., Who want to sit in the middle of a female Bukkake..., Show some love to great thing ahead!, There is also Girl Genius for that sort of thing. But don't let that stop you from growing the empire. -G, I am going to be interviewing the person behind the scenes who created the top selling personal development products over the last 30 years…, Looks like Beautiful People isn't moving on with NBC. JJ Abrams pilot is also supernatural but different. Networks stuck in the mold!, & I got off at 12., RT : Join me at #IntDesignerChat TUESDAY I'll be HOSTING the Topic: Pinterest And Blogging ~ Is This The New Designers PR?, "What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nuggets are ready for tomorrow against lakers hopefully it doesn't get cancelled., shock top cans...my life is complete, I put it on pretty much everything!, I will love till forever until death do us part well be together take my hand hold on tight we'll get there this i swear, Ha! Few in Los Angeles know what those blue baggies are holding, so I haven't had a problem., I've read or re-read about 10 Newbery winners in the last few weeks - for online class from ALA-ALSC. mostly they are Very Good Books., My awsm adviser got me in2 400-level prelaw class in spring! Waiting area reeked of Axe. Poor, sad undergrad males..., : ": When chicks ask who this when they know they got yo number saved in they phone ." ??????????, ABC News: Obama says 'same-sex marriage should be legal', All right, thanks. And i saw you today. you looked pretty!, We become addicted to being accepted by an ego driven society, Help us #growthegame and provide Milwaukee girls and women the ability to #striveforsomethingmore through soccer., massive migraine, #fuuuck. :/, Ninja turtles have taken over Basic Pizza!, there's lots to look 4ward 2 with d new DREAM web site.its more interactive and has surprises for new & current clients.Cant Wait to Share!!, Share a of your delivery and we will give you $5.00 tonight., Yes How old are you?, I'm hoping for an Elwayesque send off Manning and can't wait to see him in a new uni in, I love rock 'n roll, so put another dime in the jukebox box baby!, lol ah, we just call that delivery =) I live in a simple world, Kuroda takes on familiar opponent in Darvish - Error, We'll have the day in court for a former supervisor at the San Diego Center for Children accused of molesting a teen at the Center., How is it an unlicensed contractor can take my job AND incur cost on me????? Burns me up!, Every time I consider being friends with you, I see something that makes me remember the reason I'm not., What a great show. THANK YOU!!!!, thanks for tweeting Re: Kaplan talk- good topic to explore learner performance, ...Why you got to be SO fine?!, Just read your blog about what you learned! Great stuff! You will be missed! And thank you for supporting ! <3, CheatingRT : Again, a bit amazed by how the refs just decided to keep Hibbert in after calling his sixth foul. This happened, "Don't cry because it's over, #smile because it happened." #Right, find me someone whose first thought is this one after a loss, Ready for a Divorce? Don't wait any longer. Hurry. Weekend special. We do all the work for you... Call NOW 727 474 9988, Good Morning Hope you enjoyed ur Bday and ready for a weekend celebration., Hey, wanted to let you and Lib know we aren't gonna be able to make it tomorrow. Too much crap going on. >.<, Can any #Hawks fan explain why their team sucks so much? You guys have Hortford back. What's up?, I'm sure my cart full of kool-aid jammers and dog food spelled out thief., ya if you come to AZ we can hang out. I can show you around :), only kinda? :(, I wish was on 's ustream today!, So tired. i can't wait for school to be over., lol tell me about it, You're fat. #yolo You Obviously Love Oreos, oh hell nah, Hi, - great #twitpics . Thanks for the follow!, awesome music!!!, I don't want summer to get here -Said no one ever, and to me ?, Great "Factotum" dialogue: - Wine gnats. - Sons of bitches are hooked. They know what's good. They drink to forget their women., Bless your HEART!, Work was very long but fun,,,, Come in today for $2 off a pound of bulk coffee!!!! Just mention the tweet, I gotta start leaving out earlier man, . has highlighted #AAA2011 sessions on hospital ethnog, diagnosis, medical tele-tech, reproductive politics. Sad to miss conf!, “: When did you get an iPhone?!?! #observant” I didn't. Am using my iPod touch. I refuse to get an iPhone., that's the only game I'm looking forward to tomorrow :), #mommydearest on tv right now. Perfect, happy mothers' day! NO WIRE HANGERS EVER!, No matter what your Reds do, they'll still have Dusty and his wristbands, which is an obstacle that can't be overcome., Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up, Next topic: how outside groups, governments, diaspora can aid democracy in the Middle East, You can try the 'Handbrake' to convert .avi files to .mov or .m4v format for play on Mac, this is a freeware ..., Ahahah i hope prays for mahomies in North Carolina because there is one coming my way :(, Good talks about tile rendering technologies from, Love Mark..Great to work with..wonderful artist..Overall awesome person!, dude if those kids be bitching lemme kno! They hit u up for a reason lol, My pleasure. Have a great weekend!, After reading this, you will notice that the the human brain doesn't inform you that the the word "the" has been repeated twice every time.", Thanks :P, The demographic most affected by Multiple Myeloma? African American males., On a whim, played through some of Beethoven's 7th sonata tonight - some freakishly lovely parts in there - DvL, come put me to bed :), I didn't even know Chris Crocker was trying to be a singer, and I was fine with that. Thanks again, Internet., HAPPY MOMS DAY 2 U 2 SIMP HOPE ALL IS WELL ;-), Training till you almost puke, thats going HARD!, You're in Canada stay out of American politics. Go back to watching Mr Dressup, Apparently, the only time isn't busy is during a snowstorm and right after they open. Picked one of the two options this AM., she took it too far when she called your daughter what she did, "Hey" , "Hey" , "How r u" , " Good u" , "Good", "What r u doing", "Bush did 9/11" , "Agreed", Retweet if you hate these conversations., Former #Duck LaMichael James to the #49ers with the 29th pick of the 2nd round...61st overall., Get your paws out of his hair!!!!!!!! =D Oh I'll go there....Jeremy lets pick up Tom an go visit Aidan in NZ, I'll drive the Jag!, Do it! There's a ton of resources online. If you are in the L.A. area this summer, there'll be a bunch of workshops., thanks, you in town for the weekend?, A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous. Coco Chanel, heard it was dope but haven't seen it, #umpiring in a bit!, Troy Smith finds Andrew Brewer on 4th and goal to give the #nighthawks a 10-6 lead with 8:45 left in the second quarter., I'm doing better. And I just saw you, crazy girl!<3, thats cool you meet one direction what were they like in preson?, I wish ppl would stay and hear God's message., really loving your responses RE: my Q "In my dream museum..." Especially "there's lots of cake & it comes alive at night", Let Jesus set a fire in your heart... that will cause even the Devil to pass out!, lol u dont hit me up, I've been trying to get in touch with you for a few weeks now, what kind girl ;p I'll make it tonight, history of marketing is my favorite!, It doesn't even matter? I'm baffled by immaturity, on both sides., Know of any online interactives on conservation of ancient sculpture?, (Checks "All of the above."), Our original score for 9 Lives cat food has moved through to the National Addy Award competition from the regional., that is so true in life more than you'll ever know, Confidence = impact. You have the skills, attitude, team... If anyone can make it happen you can!, twilight is gay straight up gay, Matt Shaub is effn GARBAGE!!!! His completion % is a JOKE!!! It's killing my team!, Do you prefer the slow burning discontent of the single life or that of the married life. I think they're about the same., Going to Donna's house with Reece to see Jake and Bones tomorrow :), LMAO! Yo he really needs some cause my gawwwd!!! All up in my face!! Lol, so awkward trying to avoid him lol, kind of!?!? We had rules., At the game tonight! Looking for the #sweep!, don't think 53% is a mandate for change. It's a great start for 2016 though., Let the Sounders game tomorrow serve as my motivation to bust through the work part of the day (if I really have to do the whole work thing), Cadillacs are like rolex watches... For the geezers!!!!, Opportunity for Developers....Apps for Xbox | Gadget Lab | Wired.com wired.com/gadgetlab/2010…, you're hotter than the suna, I wanna pull em clothes off your body like a banana, will you throw them into the elite of the B1G or are you waiting for a 'cuse upset to make a Badger Herald article about that?, As an Orioles fan I don't understand a lot of things...like celebratory gunfire, celebratory rioting and just plain celebrating anything :(, we are working on that now. Hopefully very soon., def! Just easier to do twitter pics from phone, fbook updates will come post-con, Pulp on the radio. Car headed desert-ward. !!, Thanks guys for cheer me up and Michelle ill make your mix ASAP, Finally dealing with the disaster that is my closet!, I think was actually pretty nice to me the majority of the day! #accomplishment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, haha yeah I'm not sure about that one either...ill Google it, Awkward moment when my U.S. history professor messes up saying the word dictator and instead says "dicktard", I feel so sick., that means Ed sat in his dressing room before the Seattle show and built the space needle out of legos bless his soul bless bless bless, Missed what was said, but I'm a fan of praise. Thanks Scott! Appreciate the mention., That ain't nothing new though, Me too! lol:), Good night everyone my bed is calling, happy dreams, 70 in Denver...today...30 tomorrow! Doing well here. Hope to see you in the fall., Just ordered my CAN'T WAIT! Thanks :), Shady shady shady, home sweet home DC., Time for next project - updating to the latest creative suite., Adding "..." to the end of a text can make anything sound like you're pissed. "Yeah, it was really good seeing you...", people are DELUSIONAL, You mean KNOW it alls. :), Closing early today see you all next week, I'm thinking it's her too! And I love how we just keep tagging Ollie :D, Hello Stripper! xD, i just read that tweet ha i got yo name right, Yes! Just got notification from Amazon that ' sweet new book is on the way., Just as everyone predicted, 34 games into the 2012 season, the Pittsburgh Pirates have a better record than the Boston Red Sox., Kobe has more heart than basketball player on this earth. Period, if you ever need insurance, just let me know. & I will take care of you, no problem., is this laundromat music trivia?, Tomorrow is day in NYC for anything but a cultus coolee (look it up in any dictionary),b/c OWS is headed for subways & 5 burroughs., Love is like a calculator, u just keep ending up back at zero, It is essential that we get her back in captivity. She has been last seen on Patapsco Avenue and Washington Boulevard in Baltimore Maryland., I just need to start leaving my driver's license in my car so I'll always have it when driving. Jeez., Super Bowl follow: Been crushing coverage all week. Don't see that changing tonight., If you say you love that one female why have other females on the side . That dont make since, Boxing Fight Schedule for May 1 Through May 4, WOW! -> # people who do not pay federal income taxes but not claimed as dependents in 1984 = 14.8%, in 2009 = 49.5%, I think I'm hooked on #AmericanHorrorStory - and I watch it at night like it's meant to be watched - not in the daylight, I have a lot of things to talk about!, tumblr got over board... so hello :D, Upt my bad ¢, It's about time #NBC should retire #SNL The jokes & scripts are L.A.M.E. seriously., packer fans love you too I look forward to watching you play for many years with the pack and making a lot of pro bowls, every thought counts., Fuck you too, how I love my biggest girl!, RT One away from the 200 follower mark! Help! Shout me out! I don't bite!, Good stuff, sorry for the delay Lorrieirbyj, that's what this week is about, respect other views, nothing is right or wrong ... lol, "Nigga did you pee on me" lol, In bed on a Sat not by choice!, I could. But I use it more as alternate assessment for individual, esp. for those kids ahead of the class., Game 3 is going to be off the hook. GO MAVS!, INTERNING with Carrie Cavalier (Photography) today! That how I got my FREE headshots! Friend her on facebook and see about doing the same!, u said you were fasting on JUICE just a lil humor, 2day was almost #perfect Woulda been if I was off work enjoying the weather...still nice out!! This is how I love it!! <3<3 :), I wanna go for a motorcycle ride..., Um, YEAH I do!, In the studio configuring simulated space for low toms, timpani and orchestral brass recorded in different sessions. The new track... holy., Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products., Great entrepreneurship resources:, Today has been such a productive day!, Busy busy week!, haha of course it's gonna be fun! Then you'll be back for our date in Cali right?!?! haha! OMG I LOVE FLYING IN AIRPLANES!, Cannot get the "Liberty Bell" out of my head....why did I ever choose to conduct that piece with the high schoolers???, Larry: "Oh, I see. It's because of my affliction, isn't it?", I hope this ends soon. What a nightmare for all of you., My butt., u like to change ur icon alot don't u?, RT Think I'll just go ahead and pick Kings to win the 2012 #StanleyCup, and '13 and '14 just to be safe., Fuck you you fuckin weisle that shit happens to me to I don't do it, so Fuck you piece of shit, I don't want to follow your lam, they want that government money !, Tonight was crazy. Good night world., hey now.!, |#quotes You look for stars. You look for the makeup of artists who can have long lasting careers and who could be headliners., Making a list of women pioneers in technology and media. Already have Lovelace, Hopper, Oprah. Throw me some names..., Good tip lol, Coming soon to a record store near you (are there any left?). Dr. John's new CD got good reviews in Rolling Stone. Check it out!, RT : MA ranks 6th in the nation in total jobs added last month (+9,100), Red Monte Carlo ?? RT : I swear I think I saw Rell driving down 10th street today...., same to u bunn, and happy new years!, averaging $0.13 per bid with a 1% CTR...not bad...although I really need to wait a week to see what's up, Woke up at 6:52 I'm supposed to be at school at 7:00 lol I'm not looking so goo today xD, lol bruh we had this convo plenty times give Jason back his pom poms and sit down you aint about that life, nothin..blocking my son cuz he made a Twitter and tried to hoe check me , Smh, If you cant fuck shut up, Thanks for the follow! Best, Matthew, hope you can make the next event. Tell us more about #growgolf,, If you're keeping your laptop open, try closing it. I had that problem with my cinema display at home., who are you?, Need progress updates from the county, and options on how we can get the plan moved faster. Everyone's not on the same page., Have to do some community service stuff for school today. Blah., LOL...it was her shower!!! :) I know...I need to get there more often!, and I are like Al Bundy and just live remembering our past glories in the gross out games., No, I am. I'll send it your way this afternoon!, Today's Shabazz and Noel announcements may determine whether was onto something in his UK article for, 7 hrs & 22 min to kick off. Go Broncos! Are ya wit me?, reading Driven now and enjoying. Also loved Gutshot Straight by Lou Berney, Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at PCH! Lesson with Kate and Nate, DJ Mark! Also drop in at 7 for the last week of Balboa with Rob and Zoe!, It's #Aloha Friday and we're thinking there's no better time to book a massage at Ho'ola #Spa than right now! Are you in?, our hoes are the best!(:, Jk bout that last tweet, im the only reason austy wont follow us! SRRRY ~xoxo luv and kisses~ SARA, Quit leaving me! :(, I Love This Guy Rite Here He's So Amazing <3 I Love You Jorge<3, Left home at 3:30 this morning. So, yes, it's confirmed... 3:30 am does actually exist., Everyday parade in LA traffic?, I like blue eye liner sorry but it's not gonna change to green eye liner cause you want it too., Great response so far. Thanks All!, Q: How many Accountants does it take to change a light bulb? A: What sort of answer did you have in mind ?A: None-just assume it's changed., Getting ready to hit the gym Hard!, No hw is getting done this week. Sorry teachers, Haha yes! We ran out of everything every weekend. Poor planning. Not when I was in charge, of course :), Have you seen the episode of Iconoclasts with her and Tarantino?, Modest is hottest., hey guys!! Hope y'all had a great weekend! Good night!!, you're the best!, I hear that! ;), The sound of that scares me...does that mean no more moves or just not an everyday 2B. Someone like Furcal/Carroll an option?, People see me at the super market & they're like "Hey what are you doing here?" & I'm just like "Oh, you know hunting zebras.", I asked the same question the other day!, yea Tayari!!! Congrats!!, yes? Theres 2. Did you not know this?, What kind of acting do you like to do the most? Film, stage?, Wow kellen lutz wasted on nbc, um im not black. im mixed. thanks! :), everybody check out my song titled "sometimes" its a personal favorite and it really describes some of the stuff that be on my mind..., When she lets me brush her teeth., This Parking Enforcement agent on his Segway has a terrifying efficiency about him. Someone parks and he just FLIES., thanks for the follow your doc sounds interesting, from the league...well gee whiz....I feel better already...total propagandized b.s., Wiederhold: how to theorize an ethics of audience reception? up to the speaker to link acts of perception and evaluation?, Chillin with at the, Is anyone attending in Philadelphia, yeah i know what you mean. Things take time and dont happen overnight! Your a beautiful young woman and you can do anything! Mhmm, How did the dancing go?? I'm so sorry I didn't get to help out.... :(, We on that again, I blame OCD. I was same way with latex gloves when I was a medic on an ambulance. :-), what are you doing today, bro?, Could have another meaning, Matt. Like "...doesn't block the plate....", LMS if every time someone told you ' we need to talk ' you automatically start to think its bad news <3, I knew it .. Water for this tweet, Shout out to my new followers! I will follow back! XOXO, I love this!!! So true..., I have two big travel mugs full at least...and there are about 2+ cups that fit into that mug!, thank you for stopping by to help at A - i'm messing up guy., all day, Beauty day at J.Nicole's Day Spa and Salon!, It is folly to assume my awesome lies dormant, This weather has me craving Clam Chowder already..., yea i do see....are you a girl? just wondering haha, Unfollow this. Page now I'm givin solo shoutouts To everyone Follow my new page, thank you for following me moma, "same ones who be talking dirty about me,be the same ones who hiding and buying my albums"... Lil Kim, Man, you and my wife! DVRing final season episodes - good sitcoms never get old, they just fade away . . . or not!, Yay! I haven't coughed for the past 10 secon.... nevermind. I love my allergy/flu/cold/bronchitis/altered-beast. Thanks a lot Germ Fairy!!!, hell yea, « There is something about a #Scorpio that makes you want to share your secrets with them.», Hooray for my husband who ran after the knife grinder on a blustery afternoon. I had forgotten the pleasure of a really sharp knife., Woe i live near the wisconsin dells now i have to go find this look-a-like, Just being there for someone can sometimes bring hope when all seems hopeless., So i went to sonic today... and i ordered a watermelon slush and the girl asked me ok um what FLAVOR!?!? ( STUPID HOE), So sorry for your family's loss., There are some sort of organic church people I know that I hang with Sunday AMs before being "institutionalized"., On my way to VA DOOIT!!!! #BBMG it's a movement!!!, m pillsbury dough sounds so fluffy and delicious!, Follow this is my other account please Go :) FOR ME Everyone !!, Early morning and a garage on fire in northeast Albuquerque—a homeowner's attempt to put it out herself and smoke-inhalation and a hospital., Post Easter #5amclub is proving to be a struggle! Attempting to #CrossFit myself awake..., Y do girls be frontin, To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.William Shakespeare, #ICantDateSomeoneThat believes in zombies. So, I guess Christians are out..., RT : People don’t serve leaders. Leaders serve people., Great to meet you! Thanks for making it out! :), ya did? You should've waved! I didnt see you!, can a UK fan gets some love on his Birthday, See you soon at #NOSCA opening reception--tweet us your photos! And more tremendous sessions, speakers tomorrow., Haha I know, Who out there has ever been punished for their supreme intelligence? ( is curious), Lol RITE... Thats all that Counts.,, What kind of beer was the dog drinking?, Hey, thanks! I like you guys. :), Not only that, but I have to get up no later than 5, get ready ASAP, and get to school early so I can finish planning., Is all the audience expansion from Lijit exchange based? Did anyone catch that?, Weird Morning. Had a good show, but....I just can't put my finger on it....weird. THE GOOD NEWS: PAYDAY! Gonna celebrate with Hot Wings!, we all know you will., there are a ton of relatively inexpensive tickets to Uk's game in NYC in November on stub hub, Well that game sucked. Guess I'll go back to worrying about stuff thats been bothering me today. Not to forget I don't feel good physically, That last one is one of the coolest pictures I've ever seen., standing on concourse-friend just txtd 15-30 mins. Can u confirm? Or deny, Thank you for the RT's and engagement in #b2bchat: #FF too!, Just trying to watch the Allstate game, On my way to the Noodle Place, I hate nosey people <.<, The pitch to Cooper... Strike three looking. And for the 5th time today, the Brewers go down in order. Wow., pussy problems, Are there any faithful men located in the Metro Atlanta area ?, Congratulations, , new CEO of, Is Clint Eastwood running for president?, I love so so so much!!!!!! My hero <3 Its my dream to meet him and has been for the past 4 years!!, I hate it when I'm walking and texting and mannequins scare the shit out of me., I wish I can have a relationship like Desiree and Gonzo <3, Okay, still on it- people who stay on the phone for 2 HRS in a coffee shop need to just get an office! It's the same guy! NO MANNERS!, That was us! You should've come over! Oh well, we'll try it again soon!, Hey Death, you ever hear of a BRAIN ANEURYSM? #FinalDestination5 lets hope this the last one., Nice to meet you at Immersion Weekend, Happy Veterans Day to all of our servicemen & women! It is with great appreciation and love that we salute you!, Any special bennys associated with ? Absolution of sins, maybe?, I just got back from Texas, only seems fitting to go out to a nice steak dinner with the homies, actually people do like and talk to me so shut the hell up,k? k, i seriously will show up 3 days early though, You know this sun is still killer outside but hey I can't wait for this win!!!, IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)1, I feel gayer applying Chapstick than I do buttfucking another dude., does anyone have any advice on how i can fix this? i can stil log in but it says error 200 everytime i want to go anywhere on his page., Bruno Mars fan, right here., just cus we dont talk as much dont mean I miss/love you mwuah!, Bitch please I can remove half your face with a baby wipe(;, Dangling little kids at the Pepsi center in t minus 1hr, The Carnegie Museum of Natural History is open late every Thursday until 8 p.m.! Beat the heat with a visit to Polar World!, I'm So busy! I'm doing it, tho! I promise!, Thinking about picking up roller bladding, Hope all you moms and milfs had a great mothers day!, I love the Etrade baby, don't worry he's still my bestfriend, In KC and don't have I'm at a stand still., Wow, the Chicago stands are empty. Crazy that we have more people in those sections than the Fire have in any of theirs., I want to use current events & Google Earth more in AP GOV next year., lol hell yea girl , I want to get my sleeve done up now., Your heart rate should be neither too slow nor too fast, : re "Ethical subjectivity seems common sense true": Haidt's Righteous Mind describes much evidence on this, Happy #worldwaterday! Teach your kids w/ "Why Should I #SaveWater" by Jen Green- #NeverTooEarly to learn!, Praising God at Harvest Crusade w/ the David Crowder Band in Anaheim. Where are you tonight, why aren't you here?, Ok, so the Epicentre show on 6/18 is back on! Only YMAEWK will not be joining us. =( But Weatherbox is confirmed!, Fellows Friday with Lars Jan, Pretty amazing. My friend's iPad App, Paper, is the Number ONE free app at the Apple App store. He's an artistic genius from Bethel, tweeting out to you cos you asked so, I always knew I wanted to become somebody when I grew up. Now I realize I should have been more specific. ~ Lily Tomlin, thanks. I can only cast you in just so many projects, mr Italy!, Thanks for following, look forward to your tweets! #donate Home of the, IN SILENT LUCIDITY., there are some places where you can just take some chairs and sit to watch but people camped out last night lol, 10-0 run for the Bulldogs as Crishawn Hopkins is finally playing to his potential., thanks so much Dan! might be in contact soon!, “: Much of what being decided for our country is being decided on falsehoods-, what time & where?, And I've been reading a lot of light books and needed something a bit more mentally challenging. :), Good morning! I'm feeling great today. I get to see my sweetie later. I still don't know what I'm making for dinner, though., "Grammer" has to come in as a close second. RT : The most egregious misspelling is "genious.", Yum!! Happy Saturday!!, Guys. I stretched up. Again. lol, Look forward to following your tweets., dislike!! Are you ok??, Frndship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity, Going to the Crawfish festival today!, Meeting went pretty good. Now I have a 1pm webinar., The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.-- Albert Einstein, 2-9 seasons are not "hip" for any recruits!, m, whiskey., At noon going to library liaison forum: panel of PhD students describe their library wants & needs. Will let you know what I learn..., Thanks! So glad it was a small one., Everyone has six people they know named Juan Gonzales., When I've been shut out and persuaded I'm not fit for the presence of God, Jesus reaches out an touches me! Mark 1:40-45, Next we need Community to get picked up for another season. Call your senator., Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?-Sun Tzu, : would love to play some disc golf with you guys soon. me and ,, That #bills defense might shock some people next year. #nfldraft good pick, tell Thor to man up, If You could collob on a song with any artist who would it be?, When do you work this week other than yesterday? Or do you not know yet?, Awesome! Watching it from above. :) #GOA2011 RT : Been too busy to tweet so far at - our booth is hopping!, SENT! cant belive i aint send em, they been done for like 2 weeks lol, Am I the only one who loves when it rains?, Id rather be solo than around some ppl who aint worth shit!, Anytime!! Keep up the Fantastic Work!!!, but otherwise, the changes just hang out as isolated changes or "forks"?, Not a fan on sac bunts on pitchers who are not pitching well, What, you're not into the idea of expanding Eggplant into a full-blown old-timey radio show?, "Dried grapes! am i right? whos with me?" oh college, a time for learning, "Forward, keep falling forward. The timing's right, you shouldn't fight it, just be delighted." ::reid jamieson::the unavoidable truth::, when we gonna see some epic fps action coming our way?, in silent lunch., Was asking 's take on ur assessment of a Shep v. TK/CD smackdown., Can't wait to watch the new, Need shirt that says "Now panic and freak out." Already own the pillow, but I'd like to be in constant mania. It's when I shine., Best movie ever, Seriously intriguing RT : Stumbled across documentary "Catfish". Look into creepiness of Facebook stalking., kitty still thinks aquarium is his private sushi bar. It's a good thing he is cute!, You know you watch too much tennis when you can name top 100 players but can't remember your kids names, you get my voicemail? Lmao, lmao Tim, thats like parsley describing parsley! Here we go...:), Omg I still can't get over how good Justin's body looked gah<3, Very Nice tell me about your database for actors, i think they will once they find bats, kindo sticks, thumb tacks, barbwire, and blood everywhere lol, so who is excited for the album?, We have a new beer today. The Barley wine. This you have got to try!, Check out an all day FREE concert tomorrow Saturday in the Jerry Garcia theatre at McLaren Park in SF. 10am-8pm Los Mocosos and more Vaya, haha Jk I'm not THAT mean (:, I think Pamela anderson happens to be the most beautiful white woman in the world, as she ages she looks more amazing, it's freezing in the bowl too. So cold, yet the ice is still ranked the worst on the league, yes, please! RT : baking for the team at the office tomorrow. cake for breakfast?, my pleasure ... keep me updated!!, Thank you to everyone who came down last night and also a big thanks to Mourning Rain and Chuck McNally for the live sound. Have a great day, #thevirgoinme is pretty similar to all the other astrological signs in me that I don’t understand., When Robert Louis Stevenson died on Dec 4, 1894, he willed his Nov 13 b'day to a friend who disliked her own date of birth:, Power outage in Back Bay., re: personal training. What?, q2: Wow, GOOD JOB finding a position and congrats. Not easy in this economy. Srsly, Wheatgrass shots are super gross #trying to be healthy... Working out looks like a lot of work....., you can stick it out til then, and you'll still have the rest of the summer to sunbathe in your yard naked, So, these guys at my bus stop are talking about masturbating to dogs and quantum theory., hi plz follow, Shop will be OPEN Noon - 4pm today and EVERY Saturday! Stop by if you're on the Eastside. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door., RT: Found an unopened bar of nice dark chocolate under a chair at the the Museum of Art and Design. Only hesitated a moment., is the best person in the world :), I really cant wait for ur album! Iv been supporting u since 2008 (yes before victorious) and u have come so far i love u so much <U+E328>, thanks for the follow!!!(:, Ever listen to Avril Lavigne's "Sk8er Boi" the progression of the whole song is kinda nuts.., she gotta bad reputation for bussin, Unfortunately, they closed the one on Parson closest to Dwntwn. I've heard Jossepi's in the Bottoms/w.Broad st is also good?, Make. Your. Bunnies. Orange., watching #Sneakers before work. Really good hacking film. Can't go wrong with Robert Redford, Sidney Poitier, Dan Aykroyd, and River Pheonix, List your top 10 accomplishments of this year, and check whether they were intended or planned before. Feel the power of being intentional., Awesome stuff, rocked the house at Westlands in #chantilly. 500 happy customers can't be wrong!, We will win. #Barca RT : this chelsea match has me nervous, Our Baby & Me Yoga Series w/Heather & Susanna starts this Saturday at Dupont - 11:00-12:15pm. Babies 2 weeks to 6/7 months, JB please... follow me, oo, have fun ... on the run, I mean, supposed safety of locks offers a premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest, Chips and salsa for lunch. I'm so healthy., sure. Call me, Two great ways to get tons of reader mail: Eff up the crossword AND make a joke about Chris Brown., Is #LastManStanding a show that was built for humorless Republicans?, haha! I did pick up Steak & Lobster (on sale at Giant), so I am feeling fancy. Looking fwd to being on :), Really?!? Last I heard, Starbucks was only at Arlanda..., This time of the year makes me so happy :) schools almost over and my birthdays in 18 days :), The "Virtual Library" here is now the "Communications & Systems Dept" handling web/print communications, databases, & the library's network., you around this weekend?, I'd love to! Give me a day and time next month and I'll be there :), it's a good pie but I rate it 5 out of 10 on a worldwide pizza scale #deepdish doesn't even rate a 2, I thought Chris lived in Vancouver, Wa., Line & fill in lips with a clear lip liner first, it'll keep the color from feathering or changing., ...and James Franklin., I've always thought Jack Wagner was adorable, but my loyalty is 1,000% with !!! Love you, DD!!! Let's ROCK this!!!, knows me too well.... <333 Hes too cute! What can i do!?, If she has a hamster, she's too young for you bro!, My butt is SORE! But man did I have FUN! Thanks again!, Watch your email for the Friends Fall Newsletter!, Why yes we did. A few of them IMHO., Please support Walk for Wishes this saturday., These broads cannot train, A fun way to kick off the week...Dinner, Drinks and Monday Night Football!, I really don't wanna do my math I'm in such a bad mood, Congrats to DeAndre Presley for getting a deal with the San Diego Chargers...he's going to make that team!, A 5th puppy was just born with the umbilical cord around her neck. Luckily, my sister was able to unwrap it before it died., #whendiditbecomecool that you had to spend $$ to make $$? What if I told you of a way to advertise for nothing. No really, I'm serious., Happy Birthday bbyboy <3 <3 Hope to see you again soon ;-***, Is it Villa de Flores? thats what I see on google maps., I have phaith for something, A little bit off the subject, but do you think Bryce Harper has a chance to be called up to the majors in Sept. If not, when?, MT : Beth Cummings of Diffraction Fiber will be Tues Nov 8, 7pm to present on setting up a successful shop., This just reminded me of when all you boys sang You've Lost That Lovin Feeling to me @ Michigans on my birthday! Awww., George Clooney would be a good celebrity since he starred in the Descendents, which had an end of life theme, these are rad. Thanks!, Rest in peace Gloria... </3, My life right and my money tight, just need someone who I can share this happiness with..., hope everyone has an awesome Easter, and you eat awesome food and get to be with awesome family and friends!!! <3, I stopped talking to you so you would miss me, but in the end, I’m the one missing you more than ever., GAME DAY! So excited to be with my parents, wife, PC, Super Syd, and great friends! LMJ DT DAT lezzgo, you left your 'cocaine' at mi casa <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, Should I go to Drake on Wednesday?, Hanging with and !, Please #MLB....please don't have the 2013 All-Star at Citi-Field!! The stadium doesn't deserve it! Niether does it shit fan-base, it's like you have selective memory or something! ;) he said he was going to campaign in "all 57 states", Wow... #BOYFRIEND!, Justin + Brody scored a goal in their soccer games on Saturday. Colorado Fusion is doing a great job this season. www.coloradofusion.org, @ schipulcon, kurt podeszwa @ camp for all, great speaker, well maybe you didn't get the brains, but you sure got the beauty... where have u been, my love???, I follow the drachmas., I.e. write a book, record CD, develop teachings. Prepare 4 opportunity before it arrives. God gives opportunity to preparation!, HIV test NEGATIVE ;^) & STI test results ina week but I think we all know what the Result Will Be! #GUCCI!, I got to pick the new keg for our kegerator today. I choose Big Bark! Woot!, Congrats to PPI's James Dempsey for winning the Inaugural iSeriesLive event !!! Nice effort PPI's 'Devilfish' Ulliott to finish second !!!, Revolution is the key to every mans success, like a bosh..., The best way to avert the hidden costs incorporated in printing is to estimate the cost of printing per page, The awkward moment when the women working at Moe's should be required to also wear a hair net over their mustaches, i dont even remember 9os tv tbh... but i remember disney. its full of shit now, Funny how getting hammered often leads to getting nailed. And 9 months later it's drilled into your brain that you're screwed., Earthquake in Philadelphia?? That was weird!, Mitt Romney claimed he pays a 15% tax rate last night. Most of us are paying twice that., Finishing the WP blog today, Let's try this shit again., This is probably going to consume the remaining time in Michigan I have left tomorrow., I can only assume has you under some kind of spell. The blackest of magicks., Ty is back?? I'M SO BEHIND!, Govt to enact legislation to remove squatters - Trinidad Guardian, The only clamps Dartmouth owns are used for herding cats and removing tenured chairs., What's good twitter peeps!!? Holla at us!!, should have stayed in bed today, it would be great, but i would be hard to communicate. i dont speak the best english. ;), Rob, thanks for following me!, TGIF! We're looking forward to the long weekend. What will you do to stay active this weekend?, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> so you still haven't told me how big Sean could wipe wale, the look in his face when I tell him "I'm married sorry"priceless LOL, Romeo Santos ft Usher "Promise" someone sing this song to me <33, iPhone developers, can you recommend some tools for gathering user-feedback from within the app?, follow us selena :D, The Beatles <3, it's 30 mins of Janet Jackson this hour in the Quiet storm..have a favorite janet slow jam you wanna hear or memory,tweet or call 239-1067, Joined our SMS list yet? 1 Free Keiki pass if you text 'TERROR' to 99000, If you put that on FB I will kiss you.... ANYWHERE YOU LIKE!!! :-0, Daily Special, Mon 04/02/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT, If you had to select only one book to read for the rest of your life, which book would it be?, u already know cuz...keep spreading this & ...the email list is growing everyday!!!!, I think either way it works., I just saw Megan Rose on my way home from work... oh em g. I havent seen her since elementary school!! NPHS shout out, Is it really that hard to follow back?, get it, girl!!!, My mother is being UNTOLERABLE., Suicidal Thoughts has been my song since 8th grade., posts great tips that jive right along with tips! Great help from a, Awww. I love you Sebastian Smythe :) <3 Who doesn't love a bad guy? Especially a changed one? <3333, trying to study...but designed personal business cards instead..., ok. ill be home for a little from like the 5th though the 9th. my job start on the 10th. ill try to see you while im in town, rub one out that works for me, (we found love in a hopeless place), Happy Easter Sunday everyone. Stay safe & sexy! :-), LOOK! i finally got maa followers up <U+30C4>, Just read that it's Festival of Sleep Day. Don't know where, but maybe here tonight. Now grieving the passing of the holidays., is sessy as fut. With the sexy shoulder....., LMAO!! I'm just trying to get like you!!!, Some girls don't understand how childish they sound, check dm bro, i know, im trying to get him to say that!, I'm late on this message...so...Good Afternoon!! :D, In a nutty mood? Swirl some peanuts into your yogurt today to add some crunch!, which one? i'll send it to you. email info to :), : Clarification - Tuesday nights #Cakearokee at Highline for dessert hookup, The owner of this Twitter needs their name engraved on the Stanley Cup when the Kings win it., Happy birthday to the man who started it all!!!!!!!!!, Doing a scientific investigation. Yay. I better get an A on this., anyone else there?, great morning, Interesting fact: Rapper 'Plies' was a standout athlete(fball) at Miami University before transferring to the University of Central Florida., How Steve Jobs came to play FDR in a 1984 Apple short film (Ellis Hamburger/The Verge), Huckabee Special = AWESOME!, Fire siren waken me up in the middle of dead sleep at 1am -.- guess what, turned my scanner off and going back to bed!, picnic lunch with my daddy., Arguing a point is a horribly ugly thing! Introducing a provocative statement is as beautiful as the morning sunrise!, Fallston vs Emmorton it's going down, Hello need too win . Mitt, And I say Believe Me Cause you are the one 88' #CeciliaKrull :3, If you have ever had a book digitalized for Amazon Kindle Publishing, I'd love to know how you did it, what format you used, and if an outs…, I just want somebody that's ready to do things out of the ordinary! If we gonna live this life let's live it tf UP!and let's do it together!, What the shit? MT : It shows protesters, then it fries an egg over them? And says Tom Barrett will take your guns!, 6pm-close ADC will be visited soon! ": . Donovan House's rooftop is open already! Head up for happy hour any time!", Dear , have a #choke and a smile., would you like 20 FREE bottles of Groovy Cleaner to give away on RSD??, I'm so much more than all of my fears., Pf Chang's crispy green beans <U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E32D>, Few people are made for independence; it's the privilege of the powerful. - Nietzsche, #VanHalen is more than pulling this off at MohehanSun, This is the most Black women I've seen in one place at NYU, and for that alone I am grateful for ! Oh the many worlds, u awake I'll be there before 2, Twins gonna get this game in tonight at Target Field?, . Lol... If it helps I think Jonah was in a Blue Whale. I'll bring some dice tomorrow :), Damn. I'm tempted to tag a bunch of people in my status.., RT :Instead of spending money on pricey dinners and outings. Invest your resources into building your futures., Im too young to die come on and turn me on ¦, Robin Hood: Men In Tights. Mel Brooks = #genius EROCK, Centralizing TV and Web production key to minimizing issues on all screens ~Extreme Reach, Don't we all! "I need more Tiggers and less Eeyores." Moroney., Be a Derby Day winner. Print book and ebook CD giveaways at Graves Co. Library Book Signing Party., 601 N. 17th, Mayfield, KY May 5th, 11-2, Open calls at #Emerge start in 30min! See you then!, How was your drive in the electric ?, Making Orange Paint out of flour for tomorrows shoot... Looks like Cheese, Open turkey day 730am-11am, and opening at 530am on black friday!!!!!!!!!, What's good, Beef Curry? Only Jersey calls you that... lol! Thanks for the follow too..., Macaroni and Cheese with lunch meat. Yeah...I'm a college student., Stop at loaded slate tonight, my friends are in a competition, City-Utd this afternoon will be a nice study break, I just want u to smile. Bcus I'm the one there for you... But u just don't c me .., Yes, yes i am dating Drew McArtor., Tonight, the Sons of Anarchy are going to take out two of their greatest foes in Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana., but Fatty Aaron got a power sized Jamba didn't he?, so u mad huh? I blew ur day already lmfao, I'm Lowkey and I make moves discreetly! Some ppl may call me sneaky! *shrugs* idc I'm just DOING ME!, I am amazed at the proliferation of document storage and sharing solutions we've implemented. It is very hard to decide where to put a doc., Normal class schedule today., I now officially have the worse nickname ever omg, My design inspiration for #FollowFriday: and, is following? Fuck.Dont expect me 2 suddenly change, say anything funny or relevant. I mostly just talk bout Game of Thrones, gotta get this money so back to sleep ill go...:(, Thanks Nina! Mike and I are 2/3 of your West Coast buy back team. Hope to catch you on one of the campuses with us soon!, hi my love. Miss you., I'm tweetin the fuck out of this bitch. Put me in twitte jail. Bitch I dare you, Jesus- very grateful that He never let go., I'm watching, Not my day, Women who engage in regular exercise before pregnancy have a lower risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)., : Sustainable Design & the Pickle Barrel Composter, Happy Birthday!, Had lots of fun Chicago tonight, loved seeing & ! Hope to see you ladies again soon!, I don't know if I'll ever use it anywhere, but it's a great spiritual experience to be able to do that." (Rick Warren) // LOL, I think anything without java script enabled is not blacked out., yup. And who said the NBA has gotten boring?, me too! W/ them tired ass church announcements!!, ooh I know man, great battle for TE between him and Lyerla... got a great class coming in, look for us! :), Congrats Scott, congrats everyone in Scott Foster for Williamsburg, congrats students., kingston said 'ah' with wide eyes, Thanks for the heads-up. I'll check on that. ^jh, dont jinx it, I B Wantin To Cuddle..But Sad...If We Aint Together Why Im I Still In Yo Bed, Know of good deals in Louisville? Tweet us at, Will you be including images in the facebook posts soon?, USA, Black Buying Power is $1.1 Trillion. We spend 96% outside the black community. Remaining 4% is left to try and make ends meet., A double by Andruw Jones gives New York a 5-2 lead over the rays, I don't like my women single.. I like my chicks in two's.. -Drake, You too are hilarious., Amazing weather, awesome friends, loads of fun....how can we make this weekend last forever?, ditto - but happy. LIfe is good on this end. What's going on in yours?, yes. I was. Perhaps I Might I have seen you though I stayed for only 10 minutes because i had to leave to meet w/my tenant., FRIDAY! :D gonna get down on friday :P, will be at #uwcelebration photoing donors who raised record millions for community. How much? Find out !, Sometimes you will go through so much just to get disappointed in the end., In beaver eating cake, Late night meal with at kitchen 24, "Why didn't you answer my phone call?" Oh, sorry I was dancing to the ringtone, it is perfect weather! I feel like being out all day, I gave up hangovers for Lent. Now I just have to figure out a way to continuously stay drunk., I'm really excited! And that was mile 1, still had enough in me to run 2 more after!! Walked a little & still had 13:12 ave pace., how often do you practice speaking English?, RT : excited for a fun filled night in #HK for my #BIRTHDAY! dinner and then many drinks! YAASSSS!, Amongst other things., Nl2 - take you down lbs, gettin the keys in about 30min, but moving most of my stuff in on Monday...so pumped!, please follow Artie so happy to see you again xo, Congrats on your recent #BestofBoston I caught your cute commercial with Eric Roseff this weekend too!, Honest question: is there a reason web designers don't indent long-form text? Why always the paragraph spacing?, i keep my eyes open, cause blessings come in many different disguises., I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson, Nice work on the video!, Nobu catering a great event good music and good food. Life is good at, #Congress: #Afterschool “provides an effective learning environment and afterschool activities. This must continue.”–Udaya, thank you : ), We're glad you enjoyed, Matt ;-) Thanks for the compliments on our fresh salsa bar, too!, Crowds at UO were pretty light when we were walking out at noon. Weather is good. Crowds will get bigger towards Macy's time., lmfao i hate my ex so badly ., North Carolina did NOT raise up today., I didnt mean to. I really didn't. Ask anyone. I'm crazy about you. I just know what to do. I didn't want to lose you., Prayers for JoePa and his family. A sad ending for a man that positively influenced so many., "Just think, somewhere, there's an editor who has to watch this nonsense, repeatedly, and make a show out of it." - Me, watching, What would you rather vibe to as far as music goes? High quality shit on a stick? or low quality Genius? ... I choose genius, Thx for the RTs on tonight's #HHAwards with Kevin Spacey! !, "All the pieces matter." - Lester Freamon, your mom., lol whats the name of it ?, Paterson: You can't run from race, it's the elephant in the room. People are desperate for the conversation, TONIGHT at 5:30, fashion show for sustainability. www.passionforfashionpdx.com. If you're not protesting, see you at the PSU Smith Ballroom., Nero's Remix of Deadmau5 Ghosts 'n' Stuff¦, help us get this site out and ask to RT, Sweet jones from the southside of texas, Popcorn w/ jalapeno peppers! The bomb!, I'll just sit right here, and have another beer in Sayulita Mexico. See you next week internet. Escaping the rain for paradise., It's all about the metadata today!, Normal people are so boring seriously why be so boring and act like an adult when you could have so much fun and be crazy lol, Never hurt the one you love, because you also end up hurting yourself in the long run!....., Occupy Toronto order to evict upheld, Doing some production with, i used to like the jazz lmao. Until they got trashed, yep, thanks., Hi Kaira! Thanks so much for the retweet. Very much appreciated. :), The NFL is king. Case in point. RT : Between 10-10:30 PM ET last night, FOX says 69.0 mil viewers were watching Giants-Niners, RT : Ladies FREE ALL NIGHT at The Mansion TONIGHT....DRESS CODE IS STRICTLY ENFORCED!, What in the "Dune"? “: I don't quite know if I'm tired or if I've been asleep all this time and finally prepared to awaken...”, Why Care About #Bees? - Dr. Marla Spivak, U, you seriously need to re-evaluate those shoes, i love love love 's new song. i can't stop listening to it :), I am going back for my bday lol, Getting professional. Look out., 2 Rounds of workout done by lunch on a Sunday :) Exhausted!!!... but time to get girly & go to a Tea Party!! Nike's to heels <3, Shocker of the night....dude with 6 kids didn't get a rose. But man do I feel bad for him., How bizarre was it this time? I photographed him once for Kronick in front of the Trashy Lingerie shop...he was loving it! LOL!, Teaching this weekend at Broadway Audition Workshop in Philadelphia with Jen Rudin & Ben Lipitz. I was up by 3am because I’m insane., I need that on a t-shirt :), hint hint #video hint hint, Who will Replace RB Brandon Jacobs & WR Mario Manningham on the NY Giants Offense next Season?, Happy Mothers' Day...: ), Alright, creepy blue lips guy is really getting freaky., Ew. School tomorrow, Hanging for new years 2012 at Fremont East in Vegas baby!, My boobs hurt right nao., The best things in life, aren't things <3, Must. Have. Breakfast. Worst traffic ever this morning so I didn't have time to swing by #SUBWAY. Shucks., that's a good sign!, the Rattlers are counting down to when we can see in theatres tomorrow! Number 1 spot here you come!!, Having good friends makes dealing with all this bullshit a lot easier., Now it is., Just started season 4 as well, I've heard it's the best one! RT Finally picking up where I left off on Dexter season 4, Will Phil even make the cut?, : Get amazing sushi without paying for it! 50% off select appetizers and sushi from 5-7pm till Friday! Best sushi in the city!, i just realized, only 7 more til i hit 100 :), I was gonna send a tweet out to help get u more followers then saw graphic designer... Whaa!?! :), Glad to meet Ginny., Wow just realized that I texted we're here on twitter instead of my bro... Wow..., should join Indy as an engine supplier, Who Agrees?, HEY I LOVE YOU¦ You're amazing & im hoping you see this tweet & FINALLY notice me¦, And a fold out print of 3 images (maybe one of Franco?), the final one with "Brad" being carved into an upper arm. Is it a young Franco?, that is so awesome - love seeing WOA stickers on the block !! Thx for sharing man, hope you're well !!, Happy to! Looking forward to connecting. Working away today as well, plus class. :), I wont. I know I wont because I know how many people I would hurt if I did. But I just don't feel needed right now. And these (c), Past choices are present results., =\ maybe next year if we're good, Exhausted, but pushing on. 175 applications out and so the wait continues., Just heard the creepiest sound outside my house.. Wtf is out there?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>, love you more., im jealous!, so raven is gay now?, RIP Dale, I like wobble.. I think that's what its called ;), I say "Boom goes the dynamite" a million times a day! I usually use it when I finish something that was rough. Great phrase! :), thanks for the mention! Wm Dobkowski, . It's even more fun when elementary students visit an academic library!, Supernatural is so crazy. So addicted., The Monitor: Man charged with simple assault - Waynesboro Record Herald, Happy Friday Tweeter. Hope this weekend is as good as the last!, You want to come drink in Canton? We're drinkin' on a rooftop deck, LOL RT : Please excuse me while I rip my hair out piece by piece. Dear , really?, don't worry about it :) I'm sure you will get more! But I miss u! Xoxoxooxxo, Hanging with sc crew at PAC bell park watching the giants vs brewers, Happy Wednesday!, omg psycho people, yes my sister Amy is still playing and singing, but mostly in private. :) she will be happy to hear someone asked, I want cookies. What kind should I get? Nom nom nom. -- Jonathan, The knicks may have won if Tyson woulda put King James on a poster cus it's all about momentum, If the TV show "Cops" has taught me anything, it's to stay away from people with blurry faces....... they always seem to attract trouble..., Goodbye, Jon Huntsman. You were rational, thoughtful and qualified. See you in 2016 - but don't change too much..., Woahh its all good, #calm our state has two really good ass bball teams lol, Buy land. They've stopped making it. - Mark Twain, im not livin' if you're not by my side., You may see him anywhere, he moves aruond. Howeer, tomorrow he wil definately be in IB. Fresh made pie by the slice., RT : Don’t miss Only Natural Pet Store’s March Madness Sales! Save BIG MONEY in every area of the store!..., hey, we were there too. Great day. Hope you enjoyed the live music., Thanks for posting the Esbjorn Trio link. I only knew the name, not heard them before. Great stuff! Real shame about the pianist., Congrats and Kristen Wiig on, RT I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, & I had to make good. -Oprah- Agreed, Waiting rooms = loads-o-fun, an open mind alway see things clear, Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair, Museum >= school object <= case-study, In town to watch the #Saints defeat the Giants? Swing by Vitascope Hall for a drink and one of their famous burgers!, coz it sounds like a disquisting noise.., #MassacreonBroadway tonight at bar standard first two re tweets get free VIP tickets, Happy 21st Birthday Sam Clement "Ham"!!!, Jazz vs Cavs. What a game. That was a ridiculous ending, Hope you win the #shortyawards Pey! Hope you are reading this!, Whose house? MT : To whom this may concern: I'm your momma's favorite rapper, Australian quicks excite Arthur, so cold, Polling for information: What would it take for you to acquire a pet?, Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 13, Enjoyed How Much Does Your Bldg Weigh, interesting portrait of fascinating guy, and then BOOM, those buildings., "If you don't like what I do, just keep it moving." Tiff Benson #gentlereminder #hatersgonnahate #i'llshowyou, RT Steinberg effectively kills #AB1208, controversial bill 2 strip courts' control of it's funding. Says he won't refer bill., Or bring a date. :) “: Don't forget, tomorrow is the last FREE Season Pass Bring A Buddy Day of the Summer.”, Do you smell burgers?, LOVE it!, Did you enjoy your cone ? Thanks for coming out !, #educomm back to morning panel's point, higher Ed currently is highly human capital intensive, thus keeping up the costs, 4 hrs 20min to see who's the first if anyone who remembers....., #sljsummit10 call for school librarians to develop inquiry skills, be innovative and creative: integrate content, technology & creativity, Intermission! The citizens of Coriolanus remind me of the 99% sometimes. It'd be an interesting staging., its a little past christmas time but i,m sure I could get him to dedicate another cover to ya :), Anthony Hamilton be depressing the shit out of me, Wait. People are making threats against Blake and his wife because his missed a 3 at the end of the Lakers game?, Romney worked in Private Equity for 20+ years and most of these guys operate borderline ethical. Press need go through all the Romney deals, going to a friends(:, first episode i admit i was a bit uncertain -- but the coffee monitor character, NICE!, u watchin a neverending story again??, Do i want an epic packers/bears game? Or a seahawks upset? Go _________, i say., Hey realtors, ask me how to get a mobile website for $99, thank you! Thanks for the support and giving us (mwa) a way to connect. What a wonderful idea., It's become obvious that #Anonymous is actually, Listening to Juelz Santana & J.R. Writer & 40. Cal. & Killa Cam!!! That's What the Game's Been Missing!, If you're looking for a cool Vegas hang tonight . . . check out Rick Faugno's amazing show at The Lounge at The Palms! Show starts at 10!!, A recent study said that dinosaur farts significantly warmed the climate., RT : RT You'll be surprised what some people have been through, Then listen on the computer., is that the deschanel one?, I'm straight like an arrow from robin hood's bow., RT We won nationals! <-- im actually shocked haha, Taylor May is always down. She'll stick her doggy tongue all the way down yo throat. ;), I have some screwed up dreams..., how old r u?, No problem! Tweet us if you need anything., Love that song!, Became a City Council Member in the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3, doesn't make sense for everyone gets a root canal on Tuesday, even if you came for teeth clean. Why do that in class?, Today I am designing a website / forum for fallen officers. I take a lot of pride in my work. I hope it turns out great!, ZAK! Show sounded crazy in Michigan last night. MSU tonight., alright man well I'm in la, I would have predicted 2 runs in 6 IP. Conrad, Green, Izturis and Gallardo are 44% of the lineup!, Thank you to the fantastic staff of Senator for meeting with us about the impact of ! :), Who needs a shirt!!!, U never even fb, When I visit the monastery I'll have to ask Mother Hildegard if she's seen Sister Act 2: Back In The Habit, listening in this evening all the way in Wisconsin! Woohoo!, SOX: #RedSox not messing with success, sending out same line-up against #Royals LHP Danny Duffy. Daniel Bard for Boston. 8:10 start., Wiener story keeps getting bigger. In related news, The Beaver opens wide this weekend. Could this week get any more infantile?, RT #Follow Friday: good tweets:, you have such an amazing voice, I just saw the cutest set a of twins...*sighs* One Day....¢, what are you doing, #Energy is that amazing feeling that comes to life inside of you when you're happy and believe in yourself., my bad. Couldn't help myself., Wish more people lived by that code., I FINALLY FOUND TRUE BLUE. Can't believe it was at Best Buy., I was wondering what happened to the Chevy's in Mission Valley...random visit there and realized it was closed!, “: Question of the night. If you put all of today's popular djs/producers in a battle royal who would win?” the listeners., Who's planning on doing some Spring Cleaning this weekend?, hoops today?, Twitter needs to stop with all the spam messages, New guest post up now discussing more evidence that the Bible is truth.., Touchdown Giants!!!! That's what I'm talking about!!, This 7-11 actually sells quite a few exotic fast foods. Ethiopian bread and other imported Mexican baked goods., #resume #tips Be careful of job scams on Craigslist and other places that offer jobs without an interview.., Kinda misleading to say Chris Bosh "was traded" to Miami., Scary: My fave black concert shirt has a label. Which means it's 11+yrs old, bought when I was 50lbs (3.5st) heavier. Gulp., cool friendship guys?, Lmao my mom just said "leggo" instead of saying "let's go" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>, OKAY SO IM IN FUCKING SECTION 215 AND THOSE ARE THE WORST SEATS. NO NO NO, Really? There are no shy people out there who are willing to be interviewed for an article? What are you, SHY! What a lame excuse., never say never bud..., I know it is hotter than the hubs of heck out there, but it sure is nice in the shade on the cow patio! Git on down here now! Giddy Up!, I hope the cavaliers don't find out that I dropped a couple brownies!!!! XD, Now to finish Sherry's photos..., I shared your site w/my coach at No Excuses CrossFit. The custom option might be of interest to them., creativity and adaptability., Stop. Shooting. Glove side., saw the new bands yesterday.. great work. real sharp and classy- now just need the new sticks!, Man if life was like a flash of light to go sweet ass school in ohio, yeah go out just don't hurt her . She don't deserve it :/, FREE WRAPPING ALERT! Tonight only, we will wrap your Outwrite purchases for FREE. See y'all soon!, #Romney #Bain NOT a surprise! I doubt he hired many! He came in 2clean house 4 more$!, who ended up throwing the first pitch?, she is going places for sure. Great sound., congrats when is the weeding, i want to be the best i can; for me, for you, for every man., The LUNATIC-LEFT MEDIA will go back 50 YEARS to hurt Romney, but BLAMES Repubs for going back 4 years, Yeah I've already had that discussion with them. After all the players/coaches/band etc, PDX alums have next to no tix avail, MAGGS ENDS IT!!!, Do you or someone you know how UG Design experience in the automotive industry? Send them my way!, You're supposed to. Revel in the hatred., When is happy hour at the S. Philly Cantina?, Community space at the dome. Gathered together with #jhudc to discuss the wind and the architecture of the dome., yay! it lives!, preach juice!, - Thanks for the RT! NY Actors - check out the Shakespeare Forum, home for actors, directors and lovers of Shakespeare., Beer...check...UFC on FOX...check..., naw man they say they got rack but can get clothes levi jackets are onli cool if there old school not rite of a new store, Is Memphis on your schedule SOON?, thought u was in Charlotte?, When Adele sings outta my iPhone, I have to turn it down about 2 notches bc she projects so much., Just chillin chillin. Listen, I got a lil project for you. You think you'll beable to record soon?, good to hear! You look beautiful in your profile pic., Within myself I saw my soul, and felt the feeling of soul,the light that I became,and the love that I brought back will be with me always., Nah let me find out somebody mad cuz Boosie not guilty! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, are you still going to be talking at excel on Friday? On the eve of the biggest match for 31 years! :-), Happy last day of winter! Spring is upon us. Thankfully!, U-Verse does NOT carry gay titles in their adult PPV. Not that we would even order them, but it's all about equality. :-), Having nothing to do<<, I've Been living in ny for 200 days., Ah! I love that place! Get the olive and nut plate!, McGill tip: use U.S. Freedom of Press to tell stories about countries that are unable. By talking to immigrants, we can tell their stories., I wanna meet the Victorious cast do bad :-!, #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that you love to death, but kind of wants to kill at times., Looking for a Director of Marketing for my company, Unbounded Solutions. DM me if interested. #in Please RT, I'm so hungry I could eat a horse., Nicely done., Wrapin myself right under the bed cover n, “: Communion always puts me in the mood for red wine. #xmaseve” great religion training, Laker game made me sick to my stomach last night, hopefully we can have a better showing today by the Clippers. -, Reading Assholes Finish First with the Little Mermaid playing in the background. Too ironic., I hope you're right dude... I'd love to see it happen and I think if they got in they could pull an upset or two, Raw census data manipulation killing Team almost there?, O dear we've lost one. Sylvia where are you?, Hey DKNY, no animal should die for fashion. Fur is dead! Promoting vegan fashion is all the rage. Do you really enjoy wearing meat?, Relay for Life, i love it too! I have it but only wore it once. I don't have the balls to wear it as often as i'd like :-( lol, We're tweeting about the commercials...but I do love me some football...so when's a girl supposed to go to the bathroom!?, ": Loyalty is key no matter what type of situation u put in...", I'm a Muslim, not a 'terrorist'. Bitch, you say it one more time, & my hand will terrorize your face. k? k., Day one back went as one would expect., I THINK HE NEEDS TO COME IN MY BED LIKE NOW !, Lunch time.., My GF is a WEIRDO!!!!, The diff betweenCutler and Rodgers is that Rodgers would learn to throw the ball LH while his RH healed.He's that good., As you we get on you stop tweeting people :(, DON'T EVER GET OLD also got a star from Publishers Weekly. Seems almost greedy, doesn't it! ;), RT : Aye..its going down again this sunday inside the Key Club on Sunset 9039 Sunset Blvd.., Welp. That was quick. Of Monsters and Men is sold out!, Girl in a coma in the morning \m/ fucking rad, Awesome video! It's a must watch, for sure. What day are you guys playing Sasquatch?, Main... I'd love to visit England, Italy, Japan etc... Whether its business or a vacation it be nice. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>, Walked out, m feeelin' god :), we may be able to make that happen, if is down for it... What do ya say?, Peyton Place. Waiting for the ink to dry before celebrating. Now Colts fans can dislike Denver as much as Browns fans. Super Bowl XLVII?, heard this epic rumor,and wanted to know if you will follow you fans?:), You inspire me. #doveinspired Ms. Sweet and smart and sassy!, Really sad to hear of Etta James' passing. I believe she's now at peace... AT LAST., Ever sing while waiting for a conference call to start? I do, but keep the phone on mute., #hth2012 Crossing past/future streams... "RT Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary. #OccupyMars", Dominion VA Power shoot Wednesday, just an Industrial film, but I'll take all the work I can get!!, Episode 388 - Watching with Lorraine Cink! Reviews: Conan The Barbarian Vol 3 #1, Mondo #1, No Place Like Home #1 Jimmy is joined in stud, Neology is not easy. Charles Dodgson just made it look easy. In a "kindergartener learning Japanese" way., RT Tonight is kind of like LeBron going to his ex-fiance's home with a bride on each arm., Son of a WHORE!, My boss and his lady bought me light blue. Smells like Italia. Grazie., Never fuck with a guy who wears jeans to the gym, Cannot wait to hear the song on #Believe that Justin said he wrote about his relationship with his fans. I heard it may be one of the best., "And now I won't vacuum my house alone" - Emma Hill, My poor puppy threw up twice tonight, and her tummy is sounding like a war is going on inside her. I hope she's okay. :(, When we put the focus on overcoming our own sin,we have a lot less time to focus on the faults of others, GOOD chillin after such a #BUSY semester, thanks for the follow. I like that you use your tweets to interact with prospects. Great job., someone is hacking ya'll know she gonna make some money off of that., Smith: Class has not been well-served by intersectionality, it has been lost in some way. Great point., You are pretty enough to dance with the #PussyCatDolls, but your singing is horrible!!! Sorry! :), RT : I appreciate the unique being that you are. There is nobody else in this world exactly like you., “Made in America” would be nice if we actually made the stuff that’s in demand…, Agreed. I was putting my relationships to use just today., I know, but I'm glad!!, 1690 AM Gary and Nick are keeping their pudgy lil fingers on the pulse of Montreal team & combat sports., hey make sure u follow my new account! This one is phased out. Go to thanks!!, YES! Why didn't I think of you?! It is the 29th and 30th in Bham. Available?, you never would have guessed that we were such crazy rebels but now our true colors have been revealed lol, Willy Wonka called and said he's got dibs on the first three babies snooki pops out, I'm justin bieber meets jadakiss - yes That is exactly how I describe myself too., how old are u?, We seem to be experiencing some technical difficulties...., I know. :3, I love Justin Bieber, and i dont care what people think about me or it., well then come to me, I have two- mark and Jason :), First day of shooting the dramatic short "Mirage" in the desert today., what happened?, not ridiculous. Bookmobiles are awesome!!, There's just something about coming home to your moms house that makes it impossible to have a bad day, love your work!, TamicaSarault40 thanks for following me on Twitter!, Curious- do you think people in sun-soaked cities send twit pics when it rains? Like, (picture) "Rain! Ah..", It's funny how a person can break your heart, and you can still love them with all the little pieces., Let's make music!, you're welcome! Remember little mishaps and problems are put at you to learn from, its like the sandpaper that's molding you, Found the opportune time to toss something to someone, is when the walk into a room with a cup of coffee in hand. That was funny., Check again., Blackman Kallick K Attys!!! Watch out for us today! & I are on a cookie mission and will be by your project with goodies!, sex is my drug of choice, I'm prob gonna b a pornstar when I move to Cali., It has been forever! Miss you Renee! Hope college is going good for ya :), i know u live by the 100s.., Welker needs at least 70 more yards! And another TD!, Hahaha jk, I have no sorrows :), You and The Grammy's put on a damn good show last night. Just bought my Mumford & Sons album. Ty guys!, good job!, Hope everyone has a great weekend!, Mane I swear I'm on my level, #JoelMcHale in blue linen suit is hotter than should be permissible, and with #CraigFerguson = wow., always a pleasure working with you Jim. See you this fall, Technology is amazing . I'm recording a trak with people from all over the world for the Cricket IPL Launch . 2012 like a mo fo, Frank Isola of NYDN with the lede of the week on Knicks and Amar'e: It wasn’t just the Heat, it was the stupidity., Men at work looks hilarious, she already knows. Haha dude I'm gonna have you peeing yourself. Just wait lol we are gonna be crazy, “: Beyonce VS Rihanna??” Beyonce even though birthday cake is a hot song., Trying to make it on time for a tech check for tonight's show. Living Consciously., LOL! They have to have enough time between the finals. But I hear ya., #SafeSexWensday WITH MIKEY, We're working with What a Pair (whatapair.org) to fight breast cancer. They donate to the John Wayne Cancer center--be bad, do good!, Bus driver is in Jack in the Box, so I'm just standing here in the sun, sweating., Lol k RT : I am now, great article, Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home, how is your day today??, I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>25, Funny ": Breaking: Roland Lazenby is reporting that Carmelo was just traded to Seattle for Jack Sikma and Gus Williams.", Begins to pick at manuscript, pours a drinkie-poo instead., cam! you should have came over to the tilted kilt you butthead. I was working all night!, When the only love you knew, Just walked away..., Thank goodness both Seders are over. Didn't overdo it on the matzo, but I also don't want to see food again for about a month!, i respect yah gangsta ,, put some on yah neck to thank yah, & alum Kaya Henderson says, Don't be afraid 2 challenge status quo & question the norm, The Urban Meyer stuff at signing day., Whoa. That article was intense. That woman is seriously crazy. (re: dentist pulls out all her ex's teeth.), It is well deserved!!! Sending good vibes your way., I was rappin on the train wit Frib Fam & assosicates & a white lady said she gonna listen to my mixtape & I should make lots of CDs ., we on for this morn?, I am patient, for my faith in God assures me that all things in my life are working together for my good., ah, i wanna watch 90210 :(, Today its less ingredients and more flavor! Apple, Strawberry,KALE, Flaxseed,orange and celery VERY yummy! Add 1/2c water, Blend and drink!, I'm call you hoe !!, #NLC They even feed you! Yes, I know I will be running around a lot too, already am (:, Good Night! Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better. -Andre Gide, I love your music keep doing your thing, long day at the office ?, aww, I miss him soo much >.<., #nowplaying 5 O'Clock - (feat. & Lily Allen), fitbot making fitness tracking as easy as uploading a photo, It's all about ME, baby. And the dog. MOL!!! Just wittle ol' me. I don't have to share my Barbies. I'm good. :o), Is an awesome flame artist & great friend. You should follow her because if you are lucky she will teach you VFX stuff., come pick me up...i forgot something at my house in cali we will be back by next weekend haha, Jesus died for his own sins, not mine., Julie Poplawski, author and fitness guru is sharing some tips with us on Tuesday night! Call us to reserve your spot!, My roof is leaking too., season starts tonight - let's go bruins!, It's way too hard for me to handle my shit with this weather I just wanna go back to sleep!, The sky looks like a sepia photograph right now, so pretty!, I just signed up for the Warrior Dash in July. I've never done ANYTHING like this - should be fun way to get out of my comfort zone., Yeah, i was missing her, damn you're like two blocks from me. i just got home and am in bed already., Who the fuck is messing with my fucking account, R,I.P Dick Clark!, I love to fight wit her cuz ill make up for it all night ;), come meet us here! The weather is great, they are from oregon!! it's the portland scale blazers!!! forget the new directions, that's my favorite show choir, HA RT Even while incarcerated my reach extends beyond my 20 inches. I have hijacked Ryan Seacrest's Twitter. See for yourself, Downtown, 13th and Oak, not too far away., p.s. email me! you never told me what happened last week!, Last time Albert Pujols hit a home run during the regular season was 9/22/11 against former Mets Pitcher Chirs Capuano during the 5th inning, Idle question: what is below a 'fart in the wind' on the scale?, ahh!! I JUST HAD A GREAT IDEA! Let's have a puppy or kitty with us too!:D it'll be so cute to have around <3, fool where were you !, is a whore, Good Night World, Blogs aren’t just about journaling, they’re also about conversation., Why is it so hard to sleep, Yall #Support new clothing line >> "A Hundred Planes" #GoDer for, Starting to feel it in my legs all the running around 2day..gd exercise though n we had a blast!, Super psyched for at the tomorrow! He's kind of totally amazing, so don't miss it!, i'm coming up to show you wrong!, Foxit(R) Launches Group Policy Support in Enterprise PDF Reader, you're still newish within MSP so it's cool. Glad you're influential-ness is growing!, I need a dress to wear to a wedding in two weeks. 3:00 ceremony, 5:00 reception in Annapolis., Dear Kristen, i'd be smart of you to log out of twitter after you're done using my computer. Love,, Did people answer you about this? It was a good question!, shxt go hard, Great post. That part about the research yourself and how to change google results could be another post., Finally in bed. And... goodnight. <U+270C>, *Leading to the back of the SUV* No. We’re here., In life, when your not sure of your move, talk to the Creator(God) and He will guide you! -CJ, my daughter doing the same...wants to score higher than her brother did a few years ago, First name: Retuquel. Que? Huh?, Finishing tracking Shockwave tomorrow for the new album; will be 6 songs tracked so far!, Raining so hard. Well not the rain yet but it's thundering., you'll have to be more specific, Never thought I'd see the day when it is 70 degrees at 7:30 in the morning, "imma come at you with a double barrel shotgun!", me too,lol i do NOTHING, So does everyone else RT : I deserve the best ... Im a good person, Origin of Walker Hendrickson #right-to-work video, Documentary about #Janesville,Wisconsin. #371 Productions of Wisconsin..., "Do you have a question for Sandy Koufax? / Yes. Mr. Koufax, don't you think Flanders is a big jerk?", There were good discussions @ MEIEA. The young ppl R smokin w/ideas on developing the music biz. Gratifying 2 witness. Ck out www.MEIEA.Org/, RT : I hate when people act a different way when they get around certain people, For all your Love & Sacrifice and being there when we need You-Mom's your the Greatest-HAPPY&BLESSED MOTHERS DAY TO YOU-THANK YOU!!!!, enjoy " Not a single Big Ten player taken yet. SEC seemingly every other pick.", Golf in Schools - one more day of putting at Virginia Court, next week short swing., thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!, #FF again because she's an inspiration - personally and business wise :), For $1.50, you can take a shower here in Cypress. You can't celebrate all smelly. :) <3, let me guess - expected end of June?, Completed the capital 10k with my wife and son in the stroller this year and managed to find just about ever potty along the way. So slow., Clarence Hardy, caretaker of Bed-Stuy's historic Slave Theater says he had the city's permission to be on the property for an inspection..., All those fairy tales are full of shit. one more fucking love song i'll be sick., David- hey! :) sorry I forgot to get back to you. I'll do that tonight, Hi Glenn Good to hear You can go back to hot fudge sundies, Thank you for including us in your top crowdfunding stories, I helped implement their ordering system, among other things. :), Rich, let me know what Split This Rock panels you're on, and who else are on them with you. Letras Latinas would like to know..., research underway could one day enable Supersonic travel over US (without sonic booms) for first time in 50 years., Heal well bro., 2012 is almost near., TACOS FOR SUPPER. time to get my fat girl on., And Karla wants to go see Falling In Reverse with me. Yeeeeesssss fun stuff., hush mane lol, Going to Stonestown farmer's market, I would love to hear what this person says... And your reply :D I would def badger someone who could say such a thing., - It's like feeding the homeless. It mocks the rest of our lives., Eastbound today to NYC. BOOK EXPO, how did u do the cancer symbol by your namee?, ~I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!, when are u going live??=P, In Sag Nasty Michigan for those that don't know Saginaw Starlito was a NO-SHOW I guess I don't blame him...BUT plenty of chicks!!!, Starting some more acting classes with one of the best coaches their is!! Can't wait!! Watch out L.A. here I come!!, I clearly need a #spotify account by now, don't I?, Ill prob do that 2...I'm gona try 2 take it 2 1 of those artists place if there R any or get a friend whos good @ drawing., About to do my EDCO final. Hopefully I'm an effective peer counselor, Watching the Great Buck Howard, great so far..., SPECIAL DISCOUNT: Don't miss our special offer: take any 3 or more workshops over $49 in April and save $20., Wanna Join the Vision team?!?!? Bartenders, waitresses, and bottle service girls send your photo and resume to, Love is when some one comes to save you when your drownding but they don't know how to swim but they save you anyway, And the invasion of college graduation lunches/dinners in the north end has begun, Ever have a customer bake you a pie and bring it in to work for you!? Thats how our customers take care of our staff! Nice work, Ty!, (snark) Yea be like sneakily grab it later RT : #sxsso don't ask for more permissions than you need. Panelists agree, Just started a City of Boston Archives twitter. Follow us, I have no lunch date today..blaming and oh what the heck my gf, So excited for 's intensive this weekend., like this? "Austin please kiss my cheek while taking a picture"? ;p, Wow, x2! New ballgame at the RG! and Edmonton now tied at 3!, Thanks for the follow- I love your picture!, Lets do it!!, Marion graduation gone be so packed!, Chipotle and putt putt with some fags <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>, I hope all have a HAPPY HOLIDAY!!! Have a great weekend!, i eat, live, and breathe drama., Wow walked all the way to AH cuz I thought I left my book there, just to realize I didn't bring my book to class, I looked off someone else, Law Office of Mercedes V. Castillo has joined twitter!, Damn it, Jerry., not in my room and it's night haha :), **Software Engineers**- Opportunities in San Francisco and Ireland, Jamie's lookin to get fancy again..., Hi Meredith - Thanks for including Casart Coverings in your picks for & wallpaper!, I can't seem to comment in Great remix,, <U+E033><U+E448><U+E112>MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE <U+E448><U+E033><U+E112>, I only hate my car cause the leather seats...., an accursed child gave me a cold when I was in London. On the bright side, my germs should be pretty high class., thats true. See everything happens at its time. Finished your school now you ready 4baby! Happy mothers day 2wifey., Crazy hair dont care, follow please (: tfb, agree. It's a time of re-discovery and innovation. Those scared fail to adapt and ultimately perish., #NewYorkCity, u sparkle like diamonds flying over you. U look too pretty 4 crime. I'm Magnetized 2 #cities. #Chicago, see u soon 2tallGirl!, have fun girlie. I miss Chi-town like it's my second home since I'm here in the 216 full time., checking my blood pressure , and it is a little bit high D: worried! :s, Whats up with the devils just not showing up they picked up a hero and still cant find it in them to pull off the wins., Why Jon Huntsman is leaving the GOP (not because they’re Communists), SHOW SOME FLYER LOVE RT THIS!!!!, There are cattle guards on the road for the highway on ramps. This is deep., Knowing an embarrassing amount of things about Greek mythology makes everything much more interesting., I do have a soft spot for Skylar. I like her spiciness. Didn't see the show tonight, was Jessica bottom 3?, that use of the word earns you questionable followers...and lots of them., follow back loco, Good news Susan! Glad the Mayans were wrong!, I'm glad thm steelers didn't win lol, can't wait for tomorrow night, Heard a theory today that weezy mouth kissing baby was strategically planned to get the gay audience ready for nicki, aubrey and leggings, it has all week, my son was hiding in the bomb shelters as Hamas tried to kill innocent Israelis in the South. BTW-my son NEVER tried to kill anyone, I'd love to, but I have plans earlier. We'll have to meet up tomorrow. :), my bass player showed up to rehearsal in his GI combats...must be a bass player thing., Hahahahaha, well have fun with the sleep tonight. :), I still want to meet your brother. LOL., I cannot way for the April issue of to come out to see some of the things I worked on published!, My trying to lose this Game mane, somebody need to take over, go into BEASTMODE!! Lol, my bestfriend gave me the best advise.., i only wanna give it to yu..my heart that is.. ;), Know what u want & what u want 2 pay. Nothing wrong with purchasing processed human hair – it’s all a matter of preference and your budget., First time at #lavacon a HUGE success for me. Cannot wait to take all I've learned home to #stcorg gives good conference!, not yet... are we talking about fucking or kidding???, its cool take your time.i have so many ppl i am watching on twitch right now.i can watch them in till you come back. :), Software Engineer - Bjorksten | Bit 7 #Hodgkins, IL; email resume to, cause she believes in ghosts or whatever so they made up a story then the "woman" came back lmfao it looked real though .__., It's not quite Friday but thank you and for following us! Much love., Hey Erica, check out my headshot site www.killerphotography.com and my other stuff www.jordanancel.com. I shoot for everyone., If Scotty mcqueery can win anything is possible, About to begin boarding to return to the wonderful Has only taken 24 hours to get back to her and my son., #immvt active learning is different for different types of learners, RT : Failure doesn't define you. The fear of failing and lack of risk taking does!!, is italy better than the jersey shore?, Another good day with the family visiting at Hollywood Studios as they go back to South Florida tomorrow. Time for bed and a work in the am., Early to bed, & hopefully early to rise!! #bballmornings >>, omg yes!, That's my catch. I absolutely can't afford school. At least not until I either turn 24 or start making more money., just knocked out 3 miles, bout to shower and Skyrim. That's a win-win-win., Agreed RT : What's w all the tearing down of ppl.Supporting others can feel good too!Never know what someone is dealing w., Get out of here with that ugly ass avatar!, @ new BCBSM Jefferson collaboration center, Xbox kinect, tvs, darts, work out machines, so awesome., Great seeing you, as always!, my son?! You haven't seen him do his thing. Trust my boy can do the damn thang!, Happy Birthday man!!!, You know Obama didn't actually say he's the 4th best prez as Romney claimed?, He'll be at it again, soon., I'm in the yearbook and my name is spelled right...I guess that makes my life complete., tells us about his random meeting of All because of twitter!, .. Just looking after my friends :-D, you have a home here in Portland!, You may be working out, but you have No Idea until you workout with me., RT : "World Peace Ejected"—maybe my favorite combination of words I've ever seen on SportsCenter, I lost three fucking bitch follower just fuck your self fucking pussy, What songs do you guys want us to put on youtube? Should we do a ustream? Should we do shout outs? Tell us what you think please!, He's not black or white, he's a Capital., Thx for the tweet!!!, I only gave out one high-five on my lunch run through campus today, but it was a good one., As opposed to a precedent that Indian rights could be sold without their consent., Catskills for the weekend., i got plenty of lunchtime laughs on the 4th floor watching that with you, RIP RT : The full obit for Mike Wallace, whose "success often lay in the questions he hurled, not the answers he received." htt ..., I wanna see :), WHat food best powers your bounce before going nuts on a trampoline?, just don't forget to give me an slice of apple cake :), takeaway for me is subordinating standards & measures, and placing creativity, design, discovery at top of learning agenda, How much money does it take to make mo money???? Hm...., I HATE LIVING HERE!! dis shit is every week!!, What a waste of time, Good morning! Hungry? Egg McMuffin Sandwiches are now buy one get one FREE!, Establish a beautiful balance between content that helps your audience find what they<U+FFFD>re looking for easily, without overwhelming them, Yeah, I've been listening to them all afternoon. My new fav rock band., Always looking for those dresses..., Watching the procession of Teddy Kennedy..may he find peace joining hs siblings he lost so young..., He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals." "If you would be loved, love and be lovable." ~ Benjamin Franklin ~, A BALK!!!!! GET HIS ASS OUT OF THERE. THIS IS A FUCKING JOKE NOW, You're welcome! :) RT : Thanks for the write up! Such a great feeling to have so many wonderful neighbors :), And so begins yet another day., made my day today with "Last Friday Night." It's awesome to sing and dance in the car again., 2011:cool story bro 1836: interesting tale, my fine companion....., At Congo river about to putt putt it up., The camera allows one to see the world through the imagination # photography, holy crap that's bad ... really bad .. yet so funny, happy mothers day!, New day!!! New day!, Nothing says "I'm gonna' kick your ass", like Justin Beiber. Really Mayweather? Really?, yes I would. How will they conduct it?, Visualizing the realism of my life in actuality. F**k who's the baddest a persons status depends on salary., love it!, i guess i just see it as a pointless holiday, Why is my room so cold right now? ;/, what is your fantasy, you suck too, lol., I never get your text. Do u have my new #?, I go there on Saturdays because I was pretty much raised there.., play your part , and we will never have to part ., enjoy the show!, June came in March and in April March is here. #weirdweather in RVA, "Songs in the Key of Life" spinning in my apartment all evening., Got a little case of "mud-butt" from last night's BBQ., ahh i think imma head to bed so tired <3 night, u might cuss me out but IKR, Awww! You will see him again soon. He loves you more than anything don't you ? We love you danielle!! <3, I'm sort of in love with , though I am quickly realizing that I don't have time to read all this stuff., Relaxing listening to music texting watching tv <U+E405>, i hope everything is okay!! <3 i cant wait to see you friday!<3<3 #excited #iloveyouwithallmyheart! pleasee follow me i would die, performing at Fly Away Festival, Thanks for the retweet, ! Hope to see you at Friday's soon :), Just saw someone wearing cargo pants that were jean capris. Yikes., Thanks Andrew! You're the man. :-), 15 of UK's 27 outs were strikeouts, not going to win very many games that way, "Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." ~Einstein. Thanks to for sharing that wisdom!, say juggie I need your numba big brotha I got sum business for ya, my friends from other schools who are on spring break!!, Can I have your autograph?, RT : Who controls our brain? Who can I blame? The world seems strange at times somewhat insane., Ok. I'm a bit slow to using this but finally figured out that Command+[ or ] moves fwrd/back in Finder screen Yea. #dzntip for #macosx!, As has pointed out, Florida hasn't played a regular season game west of Fayetteville, Ark., since 1983, and UF was WISE to act thusly, Gym, lunch with my family at Scottsdale Quarter, and some pool time. Made the most of a day off., I'm 100% behind Breitbart's mission and I want to bring BHO down, but this was shoddy. They're not filling his shoes well (yet)., Leaders/bosess/coaches/business owners-greet ur team w/the enthusiasm & energy u would give a long lost friend., Nice & Smooth Hip Hop Junkies Spanish Junkies Mix, if she does that I doubt you'll have a face left..., Reflecting: back from FLA vacation, Easter svc w/ family, Masters Sunday, then return 2 "get to go to" job, did you vote??? I did lol, Sad to hear the news about JoePa., Heck yeah! Just scored "Guerrilla Marketing for a Bulletproof Career" from !! Pays 2 ask silly ?s, Life=meat,marbleized w/ fat.If u leave too much fat on u will have a lot of drama in ur life.If u take too much off u will have a sad life., Thx so much! Any questions? RT : Great website & internet presence! Everything looks so polished! ...., where u be, It's funny how people didn't bully me before, and now they do. hm... :'(, #pologang What's good?!, Eileen says,"here's how you tell someone what you did- really simple, really, really simple", Showing love for relaxed and natural healthy hair maintenance, and growth. #embraceit!, is fine-tuning an offer, then meeting Crystal and her better half for dinner and biz talk.., We can solve this over some beer. And an NES. Or an Atari?, yeah i feel ya!, Come on, TGIF means: "Thank God I'm Funny", Duh :), I'm doing that, too. RT : Maybe I can do a list of the 10 Best Films along with my 10 Favourite Movies., Do great things RT : Watching steve jobs special "one last thing" - takeaway thus far- anybody can achieve anything, I was wondering about when we were going to get our 53rd te....whew, Getting Laura ready for ballet at , can't wait!, It's so <U+E331> and so tight., We are spoiled here in TN too, For some of the best upcoming bands follow :D, I hate that feeling when you think your dad is going to punch your boyfriend!!!, "When they invent the transporter on Star Trek, then the Internet will be a real threat", I didn't know what to say, Who's up for drinks this evening? Hot Bird or Franklin Park? Holla at me., I'm sure he'd be happy to., Hello, this is Carson the Butler of Downton Abbey, to whom am I speaking? (Loudly!), getting pumped for Huskies vs. ASU tonight at Wing Central tonight!, do u not get on twitter a lot, I sent that a long time ago? Are u single angel?, Yeah, good luck with that. I'm just shocked they didn't ask him his thoughts on Middlebrooks, Experiment #2 with coconut milk using the crockpot was, I think, a success! Much less water loss, haven't tasted it yet though., Predictive text is like automated Mad libs. Can be quite funny in the morning pre-coffee!, farewell to GB?, Raise your hand if u thought Chandler Parsons was gonna be as good as he's been this season.... Yeah, me neither., I make myself laugh. ;3, I'm sure it was some kind of accidental oversight by the #Emmy people! :), lol what u want some reeses, Finished the work-book with Carl Gottlieb for first year filmmakers . This book will is great for, directors, writers, actors & producers ., i am watching the 10 commandments. this is still a great movie...., Given the lack of one good recipe collection app, I am resorting to taking pics of any recipe I like. Just easier. Or share yours!, Make sure you are tracking your #traffic sources. It will save you money in the long run., Shitttt im so nervous o.O, Oh my God, this conference room is -7 Degrees., Mornings. Suck. xD, Tuesday. Killer Cool Entertainment/ Visions/ Breathtaker/ Caylee's Killer/ Ascensions, Re-watching #BB season 8 on YouTube......man Amber was a case in a half lol, #Vanderbilt scores twice within a minute. #Gators lead #Vandy 11-4. 22 minutes left in second half., Online HIPAA training torture, why me?, Good luck!, yeah but you don't have to sit here and listen to it across the desk. we've proofed it and it looks good2go. need anything else?, I love when Alex says goodnight, then tweets again!<3 haha, thank you Lisa. Been disappearing! You are welcome., Hate to sound my age but Forever 21 stores scare the bejesus out of me., This rainy dark weather needs to go <, I swear all niggas are the same, they play that roll like they're different but in the end they jsst want one thnng I'm coo on dudes !, Where are you going tonight?, who gonn check me, boo?, OMFG I LOVE YOU, fucking ahmen. I think I have the right to say what I feel don't I? And thanks <3, I'm gonna lay back down & rest for an hour., We're very happy with the response the new single 'Baphomet', I plumb for 's Aim and Ignite cuz of the spark those tunes light. How are Howler's tunes?, Give American citizens the right to vote on the things that will change their lives drastically. Majority wins!, your welcome here in Chicago any time., no i got u, hahaha Jesus. He wasn't throwin any back with us?, I think if I were a woman I'd wear coffee as a perfume. ~ John Van Druten, haha! It's time to start getting in basketball shape, the call in number is 503 225-0860 hope you can do it, I can just see Alex and Tiger Woods getting drunk together at a hotel bar, lamenting how ugly their groupies are, Ah, don't censor yourself. Be you. Phooey on anyone who doesn't get it...., Oh, lovely, I can't stop crying now., and my the way you look gorgeous in your avi! :), RT 3 more weeks of classes, Enjoyed Cabin in the Woods. Is it me or at the end did the two leads, when they were huddled together, look like Amy and Rory?, What a stand by #Fiji, keeping #Wales out of the end zone and getting the ball back just as time expires and win 12-5., #BoiseSOC Bieter: And I thank you for having the faith in me to make me your Mayor., Front cova, back cova, pine, pages, titoh page! - my son, reading a book to himself, Hooray to both tweets. :), Well I thought the veggie panini was divine! Overall positive reviews, looks like we're ordering again!, He is running for Congress! Ohio's 9th District!, glad you could make it to the game!!, Every achiever that I have ever met says, 'My life turned around when I began to believe in me'. - Dr. Robert Schuller, ok saw ur mia tweet earlier. im gonna lay down soon. sleep bug away. lol, #IWishTheyWouldBringBack arrested devolpment!!! That was the best show ever!, Can't wait my next Music Video is almost done > aim >> upload target you tube, Looking forward to my #timemanagement program today. Jan is a great time to form new habits (like Daily Action Planning!), please follow for me plz, incidentally got a call from rcn trying to keep us. Too late for us but told him a neighbor thinking of switching..., "the best Guinness you would ever have in your life is the one they serve at St James Gate", Live Latin Music in Santa Fe Saturday Night! Nosotros Live @ El Farol Saturday 1/28!, listen to you or listen to them?, Your welcome (: I can't tweet much tonight /:, Don't display your lack of class by tweetfighting. Text a hoe., RT :) high five * agree llill mama, Listening to some music, What's on your mind?, people brave nowadays..up here asking strangers for rides at a gas station..., it says forbidden, A job at Pride. Are you going to the starkid concert???, I will get so frustrated that I can't figure something out, and then remember that I work in a library. A library full of how-to books., no, the fact that he tweeter about McCollum. So random., Try Gospel. Rocks way harder., Stoked on life!, My hair lady had to reschedule from tmr to Tuesday. Rah...1 more week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> I'm going into hiding<U+270C>, did you see where and met?!?! I'm so jealous! Wish we could've been there. :), we have a coffee truck too!, They don't feel Grand Slam down here at school. I can't get any until I go home. Cruel., you are always awesome. You coming to my bday HH?, hell yeah we are. Just like my pacers did, I hate knowing things., Starting to contact people in regards to the PSA we are shooting in two weeks, it is going to be absolutely awesome and timely., #100thingsilove crack cocaine, Get your pre-schooler ready to read with an interactive story time of books, music and movement today at Green Valley Lib at 10:30., I was watching american idol and someone sang "Love the way you Lie" and I was thinking of you the whole time!!! :) love u, Oh I Live In Dallas,Texas!(:, I have the advantage of getting away with things because normally I don't do stupid things :D, A detective came to a blondes house and asked her where she was between 4 and 6, she replied "Kindergarten.", 70 to 80 Percent of dogs in certain breeds have arthritis Agility for Dogs & Cats contains MSM and Glucosamine, More pressing matters, I know, but jik you didn't get an answer, much of #Haven is filmed in Lunenberg, Nova Scotia, Canada. Stay safe, Loving the Flipboard for iPhone!, happy birthday, Ax :), 'Aggregation' is a form of 'networking' & 'collaboration' involving 'curation' of 'hyperlocal' content from 'linked economy', I got you back...your going down Granny!!!lol, Last week they called him "The magic they have been waiting for" ..., Good morning. It's 6 a.m and I have JUST FINISHED tattooing. Going to sleep and then start my appointments at 10:30 am,, Dear , can we please have a Mix for Easter?, "get your head outta your ass. calm down & figure it out." lmfao, that's the perfect thing to tell a 10 year old., in the original or "alternate" packaging, been there since forever licensed by state authorites. Unfortch #ROC news engines try to make something out of nothing., 2 More Shopping Days until XMAS & it is all on SALE. We're stocked w/ gifts for everyone. Dbl Punch Drink is Egg Nog or Gingerbread Latte!, One of our new clients, J. Mozeley Interior Decorating, will be launching their new website in April. Details coming!, Sharp white cheddar YuMM, Jessica Simpson gives birth to baby girl!, tell your friend veronica, it's time to celebrate, Thank you! RT : Look for a story in the Sunday edition about A.L. students competing in Destination Imagination!, Hey, I'm not going anywhere.... ;) #myquarterlystrengthworkout ;), Stop SPAMming me, Jeb., rightfully so... happy finance quiz day!, Editing...writing...fun stuff coming soon!, Loading up on soup loaded with garlic and herb teas. Guzzling EmergenC like there's no tomorrow. Still no voice, but don't feel too bad., Taking a nice long cold shower after beaing outside sweating in 95 degree weather all day >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>, aint bout what she be talkin bout, thank the Lord. I seriously almost called Christy freaking out, haha, Perkins is a game-time decision tonight. Doubt he misses the game., ah i finally reached 1,000 followers!!! :) im so excited! thanks you guys! :), AH!!! RT : RT : I have some exciting musical news.. Coming up in a couple of hours..stay tuned:), I'm feelin like U fucks wit me I fucks wit u. Let's make a classic together!, Researching multi-touch interfaces..., Wow. That sounds great!!, why do you do this to yourself? Just stop watching like I did after Jennifer Hudson lost., Too sad, we'll miss you!, Great to see several faces that I knew. , , and others., I feel MUCH better. Thank You. I was adjusted yesterday, and I'm amazed how fast the pain diminished. I get test results today., I love your page mahomies fo life & I was wondering if your going to playlist live(weird question), Happy Thursday! I hope everyone has a great day!!, I have facebook too! You're very good at speaking English!!, Waterloo native is foster care all-star, helping others - Waterloo Cedar Falls Courier, Cheers! May Dynamo continue to serve your beer drinking needs. RT tried Dynamo tonight great beer, So no woman is told choice to be childless is an act against society, “: eeeeppp! is trying to get the boys of to Chicago :')” we saw them Saturday:) awesome show!, Rush thinks birth control pills are like Viagra., Almost certain urs - IIRC it was DVD+/-RW where the industry decided we didn't have enough fragmentation. They didn't learn…, Today is the day that I might get a call that says that I might be able to go to the Abramovic lecture. I'm lookin at you,, jamming to some hellz yeah! :D freak the freak out., Got a spiffy nameplate for my office. Its official then! :), I miss you! <3, Perhaps Mitt Romney's first name should be changed to "Biff.", #tacac12 i guess its, The new app update should fix a bunch of crash issues and hangs., so joking :D hope you're doing well!, Happy Valentine's Day < 3, you got it!, Amazing Evaluation of Natural Breast Enhancement Products? #Redeye ????, Good reminder. RT “: That really difficult truth that is breaking you is life's way of teaching you the path of acceptance.”, : "if you violate we have to demonstrate".... violated so I had to demonstrate., You are most welcome!, We're going to be in Virginia (Blacksburg + Richmond) over the next two weeks. Hit us up if you're building cool stuff!, It amazes me how nosey neighbors can be, they makeup shit, just because you don't talk to them, we where the best partners lol!, Key put back by Franklin, UTSA leads 43-40...., Tavist Smiley and Cornell West /Frick and Frack have had it out for the POTUS since he won off., according to the webpage, "7ish" is D coming too?, The Grammys turned into the Toneys?, In band class being all rebel like on Twitter xD, Thanks to everyone who is already following me, including former #Microsoft folks and #music fans, Not a good time to be performing any delicate surgeries in your living room Colleen, or for that matter trying to nap., More than 300 rainbow-covered queer folks marched silently through downtown Oshawa April 18 to protest a homophobic rant in a local paper, Then I'm not fucked up yet :), Of course - we all are. I wonder why profs don't seem willing to build courses that will engage students on that level., Still good advice. I'm honored to of met Buck., I think you mean 22 cash games not 35, Plastic Business Cards? Cheaper than you'd think..., My cats spent the last 5 min staring at me intensely with his eyes super wide. I dont know what his deal is., Ha ha. Jokes on you! Those weren't police reports we were filling out. Those were mock drafts! - Deion Sanders, When I sit by myself in my room my dad start talking why u sitting alone why don't u sit with us.When my bro sit alone he never talk to him, tough pitcher to see on your first day up, its not #summerslam its, A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous., Sounds good, we give out water for free here., Running into a guy you used to date while in the checkout line immediately after the gym is always fun. always., Lost ya in the crowd, but it was sure nice to see you after so long! Your new adventure looks awesome! Hope to see you soon!, This wines got me feelin fine, Me and Nate havent spoken in almost a mth then today he tells me he still cant get over me, Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat, old people can sure get down :) #PartyVibes!, Stupid ass !, THE BOMB DIGGITY ....> Describe #SXSW in 3 words... (other than "South By Southwest"), I rest my case. Love this pic, you are beautiful, Jess ;) x, Did u forget to cultivate a #tightimage first? RT : When did old people stop folding?, So far number three has been fairly mellow. I suspect number four is going to be the real deal! :), to bad.....I've never used cherry Chapstick in my life., Dude... it's going to get crazy!, New favorite hashtag is, meeting at a taking back sunday concert!! In other words meeting your idol totally unexpectedly!, 2012 Annual Meeting concludes, with thanks to Haskins Prize Lecturer Joyce Appleby, NEH Chairman Jim Leach, panelists & attendees., Hell yeah, omg shes so drunk!!!!! ahahahaha its so funny!, i meant bug..., Unfortunately, the giveaway wrapped at 4 pm. But there will be two more in the very near future!, so turns out i've been tweeting at epdavis sometimes, Come too Aj bomber and get a free peanut bomb. Heck yes, Hittin the links, RT : The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.*, something something nananana, not before hearing from me!!!, When the circumstances are too hard to face, that's when we go looking for a second opinion., "know what fuck everybody, im always the blame", Would you like a Grooveshark or Convergese t-shirt? What size?, Regional food bank putting emphasis on fresh goods, Daniel Cohen of Case Western Reserve U, Ph.D. History from Brandeis, speaking now., Awesome to hear Dave, glad you like it! More releasing from soon!, Boom. It's like that., We're trialing Facebook ads (w/ a drawing) to increase our consumer health Facebook page. Day 1 seems to be off to a good start., Stephen Wolfram demonstrated his Wolfram Alpha product (similar to the YouTube video presentation-- check it out). [Sorry no link], get it now Gonzo! I just bought mine :), just because a baptism turned into a little drowning, reading and thinking about THE DISREPUTABLE HISTORY OF FRANKIE LANDAU-BANKS -- recent printz honor book, Nite all! Heading off to snooze! z, ok 1 more lol "so juicy" or " sparkling white" or "ms tatted"?, CSS Jacksonville is looking for a Paralegal with a strong background in Consumer Finance $50,000 - $60,000., You accidentally hit the unfollow button or what fathead?! Lol, that would be riveting., you can put tickets into someone elses name, call the box office and tell them you want someone else to pick them up, Where is my invite for FL???, Looks like its gonna be me, myself, and my beats today., People who don't workout at like fitness isn't everything, Jon Hamm should star as Reggie Dunlop if Slap Shot were to be remade. Blammo., Thanks for the follow, see you at your open house., Getting an early start to head out to speak at Youth Motivation Day in Atlanta!, Wow! You are so good to us!RT : I think decorated the world last night...or least most of LA...Edgar you and..., Listen to Sure Shot RT : Ocean Avenue - Yellowcard, hook up on race car is not a good sign but just tight up something is ok so let go back to the front, go sadler and dillion, •...ability to act any time in 194 countries of this planet., Lookin to find wats next for me but grindin is goin to b a major part, No is not the same as Not Now., yeah, it's looking more and more like i'm not going to wait 3 more weeks., At the end of the day you will realize just how beautiful it all really is., Thanks 4 following, We are STM, All the money in the world can't buy you a home., Nick calls me. Me: hey. Nick: wanna play a game? Me: what? Nick: find your car. Hahah, Man... Shut up Kobe. Yo bald looking airplane self. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>, Just got home., Laying out finishing english paper I want someone to join me!, Whoa! Donald Driver can really dance! Good job, Peta!!, So yes I have a BFA in Fashion Design...knew I wanted to design since 6th grade & I stuck wit it..., well word way too just give up, you have your phone though! Play on there :-), Why am I not there!?, right now ! ?, Q: What do you call cattle with a sense of humor? A: Laughing stock., Thursdays are the worst day to come to school, your customer service has gone to the crapper with the new Zero help to helping solve a problem on the weekend., Thank you! We're trying our best!, Wait- flying pirate ship blimps? This was not in the three musketeers I remember..., wtf it keeps saying I unfollowed you! like whenever i click ur page it has that follow button!, dont work to hard, Daily GTKY question: What’s your favorite game? This means any game, phone apps, Facebook, Xbox, board, whatever floats your boat., Soo we r at the mall right now walking behind Eddie kennison dat use to play wit the Kansas city chiefs!!, No obligation for govt to treat rich "equally"by giving them same amount of taxes as lower incomes.US has long ..., um, wow, that is sad. Harry Reid? 4%!!? Assumedly, that's more than one person, too! Arrrrrrgggghhhhh., Come out to Craig Park Shelter House #2 in Greenwood tomorrow morning for the 5K run to support The Boaz missions ministry!, is that the rafting thing? I heard that's fun and also renting a boat on Lake Austin...?, RT RT : "Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong." - Peter T. McIntyre, #WTH angela: we won't satisfy everyone but we need to take into consideration all the variables and focus on our ultimate goal, Try google latitude widget for your google homepage., Hey there, sending you an email, I try to use my music to move these people to act. - Jimi Hendrix, Need a new job!, happy birthday (: have a good one., RT Biscuits and gravy at Serpentine in Dogpatch just changed my life., Anybody saw the new show Mobbed on FoxTonight? Real Cool people should be happy when something good happens to another person and rejoice, Yes, Cesar Izturis hit himself in the back of the head on the follow through of his single up the middle., good job..., idk...$100+ is pretty steep for after the costs just to get in...this is a big debate in my head currently, Curse you, computer! Dropping my dang internet connection so my catalog record is locked at "in use" mode and I can't finish editing. Grr..., The day i walk across that stage i will have proved majority of people in my life wrong :) cant wait for june 2013 too hurry up and come, #What2ChainzWouldSay: my name is 2chains bad bitch we do thangs she give me that great brain then I kick her out Lu Kangggg!!!!, About the PI thing? Are you kidding? Of course not., see ya there :), we've been waiting for some wood fire, could use some company feeding this city!, Can't wait for BUZZOV-EN on Feb 15! It's been many years Richmond. The RETURN OF BUZZOV-EN on FEb 15, Great! RT : Started my PowerPoint to over... I can't send him anything but perfection., Do you ever think that maybe an object could collapse under the weight of its own molecular structure? Or how cool it would be to be a dog?, looking for a job? I can ask and see if there's any, went to the studio to meet her & she brought the wonder woman full outfit. I asked why she wasn't wearing it on the radio, thanks for calling in!, I like seeing the chin., Holly bacon! is tomorrow. We can't wait! Didn't get a ticket? Stop by the restaurant to sample what we are offering.., oh wow! Gotta keep the ass and tits covered Wtf?! There goes keeping the kids focused! ;), Yeag, I'm not good at surfin' :/, whoever claimed #sleepnessnights was an amazing action packed french film needs to get their brain checked. the stupidity was overwhelming!!, Booyaa - congrats dude!, This weekend's excellent reading: Skellig, by David Almond, and The Rules for Hearts, by, At a gas station letting mom take a nap. She scares me so bad.:/, okay ya'll sorry about that. I am done with my rant. lol but anywayyyyyyss, I WANT SOME STARBUCKS!, i need to stop going to bed past my bedtime. and what did i click on for twitter to recommend i follow the ?, I'm from Madison and my Mom works for the state.. You gotta be crazy. You don't even know why you "like" walker., Now that is using a private cloud, that same objective is accomplished in 45 minutes., Yup yup! :) S/O to new follower!...Welcome :), Holly is furiously typing away next to me. They sound like they'll be good notes., Thanks for the Rt! What's your area of expertise?, Why didn't you bring us chief !, And that's the game as the #Wranglers take Game 1 over the #Everblades w/ a 2-1 victory #mytownmyteam Great job fellas!! : ), love u, As it withers, brittle it shakes. Can you whisper, as it crumbles and breaks. As you shiver, count up all your mistakes...., Johnny Mac, Cant wait to leave Africa & go to Europe, Anytime! Just keep rolling out with great products and put solid people behind them!, thank you, so much love in the air, Kids 12 and younger are free at #Stutz open house Sat 2-7 PM. Herron doing art activities on 3rd floor., uhmmmmm. I didn't tweet you. I tried earlier.. but it never went through and I never finished it., "You shoot like Ray Charles" -Dano haha, Arrived in Chicago at the same time my flight for Nashville departed. Awesome., its a beautiful thing to build ur life together sharing the ups & Downs celebrating successes & mourning losses, Out and about this weekend? Make sure to check out the Death to Dollars exhibition! You only have a few more weeks left before it ends!, Open Positions: Java Software Engineer Microsoft Exchange Consultant Lync Deployment Engineer Notes to Exchange Migration Specialist, What thing? :-), :) I know you spoiled her!!!, This convo just makes me SMH. 80% paperwork, 20% Tx. What about the 50% arguing with other professionals?, Thank you! Love you. i hope you did well <3, I'm so freaking happy for I can't stand it. Way to go man. Here's to the first goal in a long career in Black & Gold., Saw an armadillo on the road. You only get leprosy once., Glad you're enjoying it!, love you guys!!! xo, racist ass ugly bitch., I'm with you, but that is exactly the point. Teaching, collaboration, these are joyfully difficult enterprises., it's Cathy's clown, Ari's proud of her body so you people can continue hating., Loved that "Nell" reference, also, he's what you would call a good friend, but a bad boyfriend., #TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear is a TT that gives people the opportunity to be racist. How bout we start one for the other ethnicities as well?, By Kentucky?, Great visit from our partners Aquaponics UK this last month - Sweet Water version 5.0 coming online soon, Dinner...Hm, Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :), Good Morning!!! It is an Elvis Costello kind of day!, We're playing THIS THURSDAY NIGHT at The Red & The Black in DC. Only $6 w/ shadows & ghosts. We're on promptly at 9pm. Tell your friends!, Both Of Us Remix <21 (:, “Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.” --Thomas H. Huxley, At least you know it's not a hand-stapled zine! That narrows it down!, I wouldn't have to be so ruthless if you would just back off and get over it., We are offering BIG discounts on products (including frozen raw) through the end of the week. Contact us for pricing details, thanks for following! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>, Starting to get a good number of calls for tailgating at Miller Park this season! Smart folks, because those dates fill up fast for us! ;), “: Does the five second rule apply for toothbrushes that fall in the toilet? Boy, I sure hope so!”, is the word!, When you interview a CEO for Inc., the biz mag, & when he sighs, disappointed, to learn u're not from Inked, the tattoo mag, u're alive now., Partly due to correctable mental mistakes - like all of the offsides penalties. : It's over. Lions defeat the #Bears 24-13, If they did that I would've bought season tickets. Steph Curry is just fun to watch., Spring cleaning question. Have you ever done a full OS restore and then used migration assistant from time machine drive?, Good morning peoples. Having a war with my bed to get out of it., Happy Friday to you!!!, The worst feeling is not being lonely, It's being forgotten by someone you could never forgot., your web site is down. We can't login to get our source code. What's up?, Question of the day: What was your favorite game as a child?, Agree with you. All creation is sacred and deserves honor., I have faith that everything happens for a reason and that before I notice, this too shall pass., I Need help findin a&r's hmu if u can help me wit dat, The 4th was awsome! Great BBQ awsomes fireworks in banks. What more could i have asked for?, Exactly. I cannot believe there are enough stupid people in this country to elect a LOSER like romney., #WeLoveLouisTomlinson <3 so glad he saw the TT :) we cant wait to hear the new album! :), thanx check out my new book free preview on my blog click the link on my page. Vanillas Ladies a Detroit based love story, Omg. I need an outfit for tomorrow!!, If you tell me you hate something i do, it just makes me wanna do it more. Lbvs, or when that lady was down and recovered in time to not drop her funnel cake., Thats cool, thanks...what makes a Dean Fields night?, we appreciate your support....GO MAVS!!, I just. I can't. I CAN'T HOLD ALL OF THESE FEELS., And I'm right w/ you on dirty tricks and voter ID laws. Those are wrong!!!!, Hello twitter-verse. Things are about to get real with packaging, plastics, and equipment What you got? We want it., - As an Arizona resident, imagine having to live with Brewer, McCain, Kyl and Pearce. Even the sky is red here...sigh, Sometimes I miss the innocent, uncomplicated, unjaded times of our youth., “: Who's the biggest 100 mil bust? Bosh, Amare, or Joe Johnson?”gotta be amare ... He make 100 mil and his braids look like that, the word "dismayed" was an interesting choice there..., My thought of the day: The old adage 'you can lead a horse to learning, but you can't make it drink'... that applies to #learning too., Make The Decision... That Your Afraid To Chose Because You Fear The Consequences. When You Know; You Know., next Star Trek movie is scheduled for release in June 2012, Just one thing to say,and it is: Never give up ;), Just came in from a jaunt out to the park. I was fine, just my thighs were cold. Everyone else was complaining!, loved his day of family skiing at Squaw Valley - back again tomorrow!, EMAC students & more will be showing their projects at the Showcase tomorrow! Come see!, I just want to stop worring about everything, I know its Mothers Day but my mom is getting a little carried away..., Two people told me my arms look big and a third that I look like Bradley Cooper with my sunglasses...not mad at today., Happy anniversary!!!!!!, awe !!!! MERRY CHRISTMAS SYMONEY !!!! <3 WHAT YOU GET ?, Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Inheritances are the separate property of the spouse that inherited the property., haha thats not hard to spell those right, Man, that was the hippest thing when I was in library school. Now I feel all old., RT Great read for all you football and #risk management fans, Thanks so much...and just think I've moved into double figures of books sold...!, cool... That'll work, It's good when you can move into 'move along' mode at home!, #Aztecs just scored., What has replaced the music video sales model? Surprising lack of innovation since late nineties., Just had a nice long convo with my sisters. If I don't have nobody else to talk to I can shonuff always count on them. Love'em to death., RT : Secret to social media "success" - meeting people IRL... Thx - thank you, Steve!, you had me at hello..., Writing my #2012 resolutions and putting them on the wall. This year, I will hit them all!, you're very welcome. Best interview I've read in a long time, with anyone., Mr weatherman, i know its storming out... please get back to my Spiderman. Thanks, Have u ever been to Strut??? #Reallycute stuff!!!!, But the publications themselves don't claim the points are meaningless. (I just disagree w/ them.), well try!, Everyone follow then click the link on his bio and chalk out his band! #Break!TheSilence, They have their plan to take over via??Democracy. I know that Mubarak made many mistakes but was right about stopping MB, Never disrespect 'the family'. That was a beautiful quote Chipperoni ~ xo, ur awesome, today was super fun. Ur dvds were sold out :(, Did the fool at the set last night lol, A question for my friends in the Arts.. True or False, more needs to be done to generate support and interest for the LOCAL music scene? L…, Unfollow this page follow my new one now, i bought component cables for mine and the output looks great., happy bday! now go back to sleep., Will do!, "I wish they all were dinosaurs!" courtesy of, Alot of people in my life have been letting me down lately <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, Patrick is Monday, lyndsay is Tuesday, keith is Wednesday and brent is Thursday, we still are looking for our Friday., School Tomorrow :c, Our youth start with a conversation, say they're students working on a project, and often have success. Self-confidence is key!, I am filled with hate and misery., the blogs were hot yesterday talking about her dating a woman, when in reality, its nobodys business, It may be a big word for 5 a.m., but I bet it still made you laugh a little bit. :) Thanks for flying MKE!, no idea, i didnt listen this morning .. what makes ya say that?, The way Joshua sings...it's all about taste. I honestly wish I could say that I liked it..., Feel like I need to cry., I know but that's just the way things are, Turn out the lights the parties over, Can I have an ass like ? Foreal. #Please?, I know! I got a note on FB and I was like, "What?!?". But u know what I'm glad that u both are still cool, RT : The great thing about a smile is that when you give one away you almost always get one in return!, Nothing's better than dead of night. You can pretend to be a thug and fantasize about mugging someone., going to die #goingcrazy & in love, Woman just said to me, in a voice that would've done Squidward proud, "Have an amazing day." I think she really meant it., I hate have headaches, Nice! "We are stronger together than we are apart.", A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. – Richard Branson, So close!, wait you made a new twitter?, Lex is doing great, excited for the Fanfest next weekend and looking forward to meeting you!, Me too! Can't get enough of it!, Mike Wallace was good to me, I feel bad about his passing :{, Yo! Anyone coming to House Of Blues on the 11th?, I'm trying! Jeeze., yippee! I can't wait!, I just wish you would be nice to me, neat. Have you watched it?, its a open house from 9am to 5pm. I'm going mad early :-), Things like 6am team pictures are what really make me love swimming, Happy Birthday ! : ), Phx loses Utah loses, Hey #libchat, I'm Christina, high school noobrarian up in the Mitten (AKA Michigan)., My eyes still itch!, Would you sell your Integrity or your soul in an economic down turn? We had a meeting wiht a Client, a well connected client in the busines…, #FavoriteNBAMoments the day after the finals, haha ya I like England I would love 2 go again :), is a case study for #alliclass today., ...a home for some on center-left that was separate from Labor, which is still widely tainted by Oslo/Arafat association., That happened to me once only I was dreaming and had to answer three riddles then crapped my bed, Oh P.S. just thought you should know that the German word for "nipple" is "brustwarze" which literally means "breast wart.", I really wish that EotD was bring done as a series on HBO, Showtime, or AMC...Syfy is so hit or miss....., Can you add me on xbl(willepps98) and do u have two xbl accounts because there is another account named Chris smoove, Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln, S/O to all my lifetime fitness goers, Rain was not in my plans!!!, "It's gotta be the shoes!", thanks to everybody who tuned in for our #Exchange20 w/kids from & #Zimbabwe earlier...stay tuned for vid from, RT : What's the name of the fetish where you listen to Mitt Romney talk and throw up?, 2day i had my AP gov test. I finished the frqs with 30 min left and went over my answers. I ended up singing music to myself., Khleo Thomas is one of my favorite artists, go follow him! -, W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs cincinnati will be trouble, RT : Susan Arnot: "sustainability reporting spotlights the work of our own people around the world - and keeps them..., that's because it is such a great story!, Completely depends where tattoo is. Wrist... I would say maybe 3 or 4. Kinda stings like sunburn., start w/ non-contingent delivery of reinforcer? If you get increase in communicative intent (mo) prompt mand. Fade prompt., Matt "The Walker" is stopping by Z-CoiL on 4th St. in #ABQ @ 11am today! Come by, hear his stories, & share some fun!, just made brownies!!!, E-HOV you've been under the radar slick ass, The groundwork of all happiness is health., havent been on this in forever... for a good reason too, ITS POINTLESS!, i wanna hear al about it!, Whaddup Aaron, how you been man., Have you ever considered that there is more to our lives than what we experience on a physical level?, proud of the #phillydrivers today actually. only took 45 minutes taking 76 CC to KOP, I see ya, No signal in clinton, ur the best, Makes sense. But I don't have any of those. :(, What do you think it says when your best candidate is named after the little girl from 'Aliens'?, Did you know that shutters come in several colors other than white? They can be pearl, vanilla, or sandstone shades. (oh, a pun!), I'm so fucking annoyed today , so that's just warning ., When was that?, well thank you :) and of course I will <3, I actually really enjoy my background okay..., Working long & hard. Commersh callback in the morn. Play rehearsals. Web series work. Classes! I think I need a wii..., Things are getting done and moving right along. Next year will open so may new opportunities. Very Exciting., did it have a mustache??, If you're still up in one hour, then y, My boyfriend has a Casey Anthony updates app. That is all., anyway. how are you? :), I haven't checked recently, but from what I remember...mine are Ginormous., ": Trust and Respect needs to be earned!" I second thatt., I cried when the dogs died in eight below, VEGASiTES coming soon!, Why, this fellow do not know any more about politics than a pig knows about Sunday. ~ Harry S Truman about Dwight D. Eisenhower, thanks for the #FF!, We do not need to go out and find love; rather, we need to be still and let love discover us. ~John O’Donohue via RT, Fun with dick and jane reminds me so much of my parents, Follow Back(;, Tomorrow I have #modeling exercises., Great job, DD!, Cops is only good when someone gets tasered ., yo, any way u guys can swing by this way b4 or after the show?, Okay did that Pepsi commercial with Elton make no sense to anyone else but me, Day 24: UWM's campus. In all its compact, urban, brutalist splendor, it is one of my favorite college campuses., when you coming to New York man!!!, TSOI-NY went to Webster Hall to see of heart and it was sold out! No dice 4 me., HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARCI!! Hope you're having a wonderful day!! Blessings¦ :), I'm so sad you can't be here to go out this weekend wahhh :(( But thank you love and miss you so much!, about 26 seconds?, Bad shot. good result, And I can't change your opinion., hope the off season is going well!!! Stoked for next season go get it 9!!!, Looking to make my New Year a 2012 to remember. I'm on a mission of success and broadening my horizons!, The Circle of Sorcerers is off to editing today., Thanks. I can't DM you unless you follow me. I am following you, so you can DM me an email address & I will send you the details., My cluttered, makeshift office, surrounded by plastic toys and folded laundry which is stacked uncomfortably high., Oye. So much to do before #AAA2010. I've outlined my paper, but it is far from being done. Guess that's what the plane ride is for. ;), Me too!! Also the comics! Very cool stuff! 2 of my tatoos come from Firefly and Supernatural., I need someone for hair and makeup for an unpaid shoot on Monday! Just for fun and your portfolio. Let me know if you're interested., I'd like to see a #Caesar vs. #Honeybadger match. Caesar may know strategy but Honeybadger won't quit, Tibs is such a lucky boy!, I want you here love, For sure QB 1, next pk depends on whos left..I'd go best avail RB/WR. Best of luck, this morning I am going to greet everyone I call, or who calls me "wakey wakey eggs and bakey" in honor of, I would kill for some philly cheesesteak spring rolls right now...., And 's fight in the Socratic seminar>>> hahahahaha, I will be at Doc's Gourmet Cafe & Soup Bar in Philly on Friday November 18 from noon til 7 PM. Come out and meet me!, Don't forget to book your appt for the holiday's parties!, Ready to hit the stage for night 2! Everybody Come out and see an awesome show tonight! :), how do you think I feel when I drive by the vails course several times a week?!?, if drinking a whole bottle of vodka is wrong...then i don't want to be right, I vote beard, Most women are modivated so i act accordingly,But This is so refreshing it means a little more to me ! SLAPPIN, LOLOLOL "nuggets" im special (x, I wanna be someones superhero. <3, I think I will. Where is the networking event?, thought about, but I like fur, not feathers. LOL!, what song is it? :), looovvved the popcorn! Also got the tempura which was perfectly cooked. Broccoli rabe tempura..who knew?, Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week., Am I the only person in the twitter universe not at Comic Con? So sad :(, :) I'm sad,Ariana not tweet me., Thank you so much for sending me the absolutely stunning jewelry! You are too kind:) <3 Can't wait to see you soon!, I'm soo exhausted today!!! I don't think the gym is gonna happen tonight :\, Destroyed by MTV, I hate to bite the hand that feeds me, so much information - Duran Duran, dont put on fronts for people if folks dont like yo fuck em. be your self and if they like you cool. and if they dont like you thats cool to, I'm obligated to be a better man...., Press gagged at 'new media' seminar - National Business Review, That's great! We still have fond memories of delivering PITG soccer balls you donated to Ethiopia -Ethiopian Orphan Relief, Happy Birthday, !, Tip from our designer: When designing, don't forget to think of the user!, so sleepy #goodnight #sleepwell is it Friday yet?, I think it's gonna happen tomorrow<3, lol.. you have Ps3 right?? If so send me a friend request @ E_BELL1988 !, Thanks to all of our friends for your support yesterday! We are so fortunate to have this opportunity and amazing people to share it with., sure, although I mostly follow medieval-y peeps, Did it hurt when you fell from heaven because have sex with me., Glad you're following us. Please let us know if we can help you., hahah you crack me up., - take your time LOL, Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso, Taco Bell, whose Doritos Locos Tacos debuted today, has produced 50 million Doritos taco shells for initial launch.", sorry, it happens, the new icon is extremely ugly, Peter Marshall~ Teach us O Lord the disciplines of patience for to wait is often harder than to work., Sure. What's your major?, Who are the geniuses that designed the I-94 "detour?" It was like being stuck in one of Dante's Circles of Hell., so why haven't i actually put a picture of myself on here? maybe i should get around to doing that.., uh, that's not showing me up in class - trust me - students have no impact on my ego ever :-) lots of little tech I don't know, awww i miss my pplz :P, They make cable with capsaicin in the sheathing so that squirrels don't chew through it, which is otherwise a problem., Congratulations to for your award from the AU GLBTA Resource Center! Sorry I couldn't make it to the ceremony, Happy Birthday. Stay away from Larry David and his kebab stick!, Among all the charming @ replies one receives, the spam ones stand out like weeds amidst sunflowers--to be relentlessly chopped and blocked., Birthday? Anniversary? Just graduated, or maybe you just need to say "thank you"...Check out our E-Cards. Thier FREE!!, Alcohol. Dogg this shit is re devil., New severe T'storm warnings for Dodge Co. until 4:30pm and Jefferson Co. until 4:15pm., "Mike Vedovat welcome.....if your in the Houston area and want recovery...this is one of the better places im told by ex clients..", No matter how thin the pancake there's always two sides, Thats why i pick & choose, i dont get shit confused., Vyrt time!!! I so cannot sleep now! Woop!, It is a man law violation for a man to monkey on a stick or do the sissy boo!!!, Can't play sports,read, go to school, or go on the computer for 1week..soo I guess I'll be back in a week/: love you guys<3, If you haven't see what Zagro Mosaic is offering, you're missing out. WOW, WOW, and may we say WOW!!!, maybe next year... don't think i'm gonna make it this time :(, diggin your new avatar!, Yayyyyyyyy! I finished my language are speech! Lol yayyyyy! No I have to go shower and get ready 4 bed!! Bo!/: lol I hate wakin up early, I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x9, Happy Tuesday, #Lakeview. Stop in today for a quick lunch and learn a little bit about what we're about, we'd love to hear you!, Your swag don't exist in the building with Grammer!, Don't miss one of our headliners, Cloud Nothings coming up at 8:30 p.m. on the stage!, I'm pretty sure I'd just punch the guy, I guess that explains a lot, I get high on life and overdose daily on happiness., He who denies all, confesses all., #cannonballdookie You crossed the line Tosh man. Can't wait till next week!, Fukk Around Wit Me An Get Yo Cap Split lol Ant Nothin butt a Gangsta party, Guys, we are MAHOMIES! We are fam[ily] we don't hate or fight. We stick up for each other. and care. Stop the hate. big no no!, #cataloging an invite to a 1985 Danceteria party hosted by Joey Arias & Edwidge. Cooler than any invite I'll ever get., oh dear, when are we going to Bhutan?, I want another tattoo! I'm thinking 'never say never' anyone got any ideas??!!, 2 more days until REVO San Diego folks!!, "The brain continually redefines normality." -Beau Lotto, Oh I wish I could tell you about who is confirmed for the ZOO AMP IN 2012.... oh the fun is on it's way! Stay tuned!, Eli Manning has a SB ring & MVP award & continues to steadily improve each year. Philip Rivers...not so much., Exactly HTFU RT : I want the lads walking out onto that pitch ready for a war., Check out CommunityTableRestaurant on Facebook, I just posted some new pics from my meal at Inaki's le chateaubriand. Crazy good meal., wait , did you sit in the section 215 ?! Thanks btw ! x, Here we go 4 days, 4 nights, don't let us down., #85PBRFord making stuff complicated, Atlanta Thrasher reference on the post game in the conference finals... even more proof the Mayans may be right, I'd kick you in the vagina but I'm afraid I'll lose my shoe., The amount of ice sonic puts in their drinks should be illegal, Trying to priceline hotel rooms for upcoming East Coast shows. Thank heavens for priceline., 10 hours later; Digital Storytelling class about ready to go online; 12 grant proposals lined up; total online course overhaul commencing..., Think I'll watch the FB stock trade in a few minutes. The faint whimpering you hear is just the Winklevosses., Currently listening to: Paul Masson - The Name Rings Bells, what school do you go to? c:, Thanks guys. Ankle pain and feet galloping to pieces but mission accomplished, Timeline is dead how are you guys doing?, what about elyasova?, Just got a role in a short film. Yay!!, Just invest in some heavy-duty sandpaper to keep the edges nice and rounded. :D, It's not the first time he's done that., where are you from??, O gettin sauced tonight huh??, Veal breast marinated in chermoula roasting away in the oven - my house smells awesome., “The rung of a ladder was never meant to rest upon; but, only to hold a man's foot long enough to enable him to put the other somewhat high…, She will learn one day. Don't worry, I have an elaborate plan with and !, If I had badges to give out, would get a Promptness badge for sending the first video of from last night's round, To the guys in the VW who just yelled at the Wisconsin Club limo, "Lock your doors, motherfuckers.", Njcu vs rutgers game with coach and others (y), Urban Harvest is about to go in full effect! Gates at 4pm, music jams at 6pm! http://www.urbanharvest2011.com, I'mma Keep it to myself.., Wait, Charlie Sheen is still relevant?, Heyy . Your Pretty no homo ! lmfaooooo, so I can't figure out how to dm on the app so I'll just facebook it to you, love the concept. I think it is key and has potential to change student learning. Just makes sense., Where you're already good. Being mediocre or above average in a bunch of spots just makes you mediocre or above average, right?, I gave up drinking for my New Years resolution. It was the worst twenty minutes of my life. (Tip your waitress I'll be here all week!), current travel music: The Egyptian Lover. current travel snack: Jaymz' wasabe and mustard pumpkin seeds., Today is going to be a good day, i'm suspended for thirty days,yeah i checked out your site.i liked your hoodcashent fb page., Now we are at IHOP acquiring delicious, terrible food., I want Daric Barton off my team and off the planet, By Jove, I think you've solved it. Now, about that cool million..., Fabulous! Happy to be busy! Sleep is for the weak! #MarryTheNight Phone date soon? RT : I'm good man! U?!, Um, definitely back your iphone up before updating guys. It erases everything. I lost some videos I really wanted., RT Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. ~ Martin Luther King ~<U+270D> ~, Madonna rocks!, When you're hot you're hot... and when you're not you're not. That's the definition of.... Hollywood. =), thanks Rev!, Oh. That's dumb. People can express themselves however they want., No one can pull that look off like I can Jeremy. You know that., Yes indeed non-profit is a tax status it is not a business model, To be honest, I don't see Hood coming to Duke., off the books baby, I'm joining in Buenos Aires. I'm heading there tomorrow night and will see you there!, Appreciate it! Did you have a chance to check out the music?, Wow. That was a nice catch by Giancarlo Stanton. I think I heard the wall scream in pain., the best trash talk comes from mutual respect, how is it you've let your team slide to this point. Only 1.5 RBs on ur squad? I'll give you Jacobs- next week., Milwaukee could use a utility infielder.. How great would it be to have back in a #Brewers uniform!?!?, yes, yes. Need y'all out here :-) a lot to ask, hope you guys do, Feeling this storm right now., Unbeaten halves streak snapped at 14... #SportingKC trails 1-0 on Myers own goal, Thanks for the mention!, 8 months of Tuesday night vollyball ends tonight. Getting to the Owl <11? Dinner dates? No way! (Oh crap, softball goes till August. Doh!), Tomorrow is the start of a week of discounts! Each day there will be a great product with an even greater discount!, Took another look at the last scene (thanks YouTube!)...it was Karl Mayer (Richard Burgi), who I mistook for Paul Young., “: Thanks for following me:-)” NP lady :-), Update: music video "Looking In Your Eyes" nominated for Best Video @ San Diego Indie Fest. Congrats Celeste., How can some Lowes employees that are coming to Bristol meet Jimmie? We are from the store that finished 2nd in store cup!, is looking for suggestions on how to forecast for repairable items. How do you forecast when a tool is gonna break?, Finished the last book in the Hunger Games series last night. Looking forward to seeing the movie this weekend!, Raftering, for certain., the better question is, how hot is sister?, No other college basketball team has more heart than Baylor. Great Win Boys, Come see me every other day., Good morning to our new followers!, These are the REAL #MadMen.....Watch #ThePItch on #AMC and see how it's done!, The same thing we do every night Pinky....Try to take over the WORLD!, happy birthday Ralph Tresvant!, abd wearing another man's initials is softer than soft., Spending the day indoors and #amreading Nicolas Guillen., While I'm sad Community is going away, I don't think I could've taken another full year of Inspector Spacetime jokes., sometimes i wonder why we're even friends......, This Day in Music,1969 The Beatles rocked their 13th No.1 album with 'Abbey Road' -, Interested in mid-ocean ridges? Hydrothermal vents? Follow, I heart, Um, about that? and I don't know what it is either., helped my brother with his homework, oh yeah B-), I honestly wish I could share it with the world. *latte, Goo Gle Dolls. God, I LOVE IT., Tweety to Michael Steele: Name one thing Romney has written or said that explain his foreign policy positions........crickets........, Ross Lynch <U+E106>, <----Thanks for the follow!!, Lol Women who remain single are likely to be high achievers of above-average intelligence., I just learned what GNR means... Haha well I understand all gas but no brakes is just not safe, All dressed up for cupcake tea at the Ritz. Yep. Then home to change for Dead Weather show later., Sounds great! Let me know when you are in town. :-), Follow for tweets from todays's rally for unarmed black teen fatally shot neighborhood Watch Captain in Florida., the round one or the young one?, Artician will be back up in a few hours, (c) smoking doesn't mean you should too. Smoking seriously affects you AND others around you. Don't see him smoking and think to yourself(c), Great show Live from the main Greenhouse of the Jardin Botanique de Montreal (Butterflies Go Free)! Thanks for the interview!, $5 Pastrami all day Saturday!, Stat & Melo are not getting paid to sit on the bench in the fourth quarter...., Friday the 13th<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> going to watch some scary movies to get in the mood. I love scary things <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>, says LivingSocial beats out Groupon's deals- what do you think?, Great given the limited time you had. Marche & Turkle didn't seem interested in representative data. Fringe cases are sexier., literally "the noble obligation" things others are not willing to do and have the ability to do things others aren't able to do, Live Fierce., Have a kid in Middelton-Cross Plains district? Contact school board and protest changes to teachers' contract., when im mad like like to choke myself while i touch myself., What did the undergrads do?, this #BmoreEatMore thing needs a spot on IHJJR!, I mean really though, Chase away June gloom with this sunny mix from DJ Claire via Perfect listening for today!, Yep, saw something about that the other day., but you met me 7 years ago......remember....2nd grade..?, This is very helpful!, Want to defy gravity? Try our new Gravity Blast Classes - First class is FREE!, the help? I have a B+ in communications okay so help me help you :) Why would your cat hate you in the 1st place is it because U, Every time I get a meatball sub from subway I burn my tongue., After watching : The secret isn't making smart parts smarter. It's about making the dumb parts irrelevant., The Louisiana Research Collection welcomes the Louisiana Historical Association to NOLA for their 2012 annual meeting, still pretty funny.. and shit u can't hold anything back gotta go for what u want, it's about time :) Firkins up the kazoo, #CAD2012 imagine and create!, The odds are 1 in 11 you’ll be in a vehicle accident this year. Don’t text and drive., Again Janie blogged ravenous, greedy, voracious, and grasping, GifBoom isn't letting me make gifs...it won't load my videos, Is it me or did everyone go home early because it's Halloween weekend? Where is everybody?, appearance orientation and gender role orientation on self-efficacy., that is hilarious. Thanks for sharing., Heading through the terminal at the airport, its almost like a second home now., Oh good, more rain!, Get your cameras out! Super nova full moon Tonight - Brightest and LARGEST it'll ever be ! Best view at 8:35, Haha, I'd rather be in El Paso heat than humidty and heat :P but don't cut it too short.! :O, Peter, sympathetic insight, I'm hungry but first I gotta pee, "I have a lot of things that I don't want to happen, but I can't help it" - Michael Smith (), Let's get fucked up and die. I'm speaking figuratively of course., Wouldn't have it any other way., The cat's out of the bag! :), RT : Oh dear. , save yourself from the BJJ madness <= So far, no madness. Just a lot of bruises., Trying to cram a semesters worth of class into a night of studying, VIDEO - Adventures in South Africa: Joburg + safari featuring and and, Elton John tix are still available for Roanoke 3/15 and Richmond 3/17 - get them now as they are going fast!, amazing by lowry RT Kyle Lowry's dished out 14 assists as the lead the 72-60 after 3 on NBA League Pass., please! Id love to catch up., Adult: I left my library card at home & drove here 20 minutes w/o my driver's license & left my credit card in the car - Me: Go get it., that's right I forgot my buddy's b day. Well happy b day to u jdm., : what's up yo hope you is good miss yo NO HOMO DUDES, The more I tell myself to forget you.the more I can't.", Rahj is Singin this weekend 2 times! Come out and hear this marvelous voice of mine! ;-), Good morning Austin, hope you have a good day :), right dude he is fuck hot as hell, #IfOnlyICould call you mine., That was a terrible joke...but I just won a WToD, Say hi to the Secretary of the Navy!, Im lmfaooo at Chiquitaa ass during the first half cap rehearsal lmfaoo I look soo retarted right now, I know how to live on almost nothing or with everything. I have learned the secret of living in every situation. ~Philippians 4:12, Shake up your Saturday with one of our shakes, malts, or floats!, u and me both! Maybe u can convince him to take me out to eat!! That will do ! Lol, Facebook/Twitter usage goes up exponentially when I have important work to get done, I feel fine, however, I get the stink eye from those who don't "get" social media., While in Chicago visit Salute Wine Bar and Cafe! For great wine and food. Mention the twit and get 15% off, All class, that guy MT : Statement released by Gov Walker welcoming Barrett to his "soon to be third statewide losing campaign", Travel with the Crew and spend loot. Have uecker answer my phone calls., : Austin, we all love and support you.. You know.. Never say never, you are an inspiration for me! Xlove, New faces at our general body meeting! We love it!, HOW DO YOU NOT DO EVERYTHING IN YOUR POWER TO BREAK UP THAT CATCH. GROW A PAIR YOU SHITTY FANS, You are the best rapper/singer in the USA!, What a day, Waiting will be the death of me., So are their like 8 flag wavers for Chivas, Thanks Steph - we're excited!, One day Chuck Norris peed in someones gas tank. That car is now Optimus Prime., you need to come peform in maine!!, Damn this weather is too humid.., Lets trend this for, Kobe forgot to mention the Gasol trade with Memphis, ": I wish Pantsing my fellow coworkers was acceptable in the workplace." Dont we all, #P.A.M.TransportInc: A #Solid company with #Great management structure.#Office to #Maintenance crew, #Everyone is #Dedicated to #Excellence!, I'm down, Officially done with this semester!, Its time to go to bed., No one likes a normal person<U+E421>, Lunch finally. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>, what's up fam?, Have been weirdly addicted to this season, not sure why. But Arsenio is one of the final 3., I dont know if i'd rather see #TheHungerGames today or cut off my left leg and make stew., - yes & energy efficient too! Welcome to check them out anytime!, trying to win a meet and greet with you from #hopefull, met you in sept #STARSTRUCK going to the shore 2morrow!, Bah! RT RP calling from Southridge HS, has suspects from a "food fight" in the school office., #badrecipe for flank steak: calls for flank steak, s&p, and a hot pan. Recipe is actually more for the cauliflower sidedish. Gross., Its been a long day..and I cant wait to get away, interesting! what are you going to use for analytics instead?, Mea culpa! Such a small niche of early '90s television-not everyone owns a Pinky and the Brain beer stein like I do., totally agree...can't complain if you don't take advantage.start transition out 1st day you begin, #HappyValentinesDay We're approaching the 100 day countdown : ), “Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”, Jake nd Chewy both still gave me my hug, kiss, nd tld me dey love me...i cant wait to get off wrk nd go hme to dem, Food billboards in spanish still look tasty but now more confusing, haha but If I do stay, it gives you a reason to come out west !, You guys., #whitesox hitting coach Jeff Manto and White Sox 3rd basecoach Joe McEwing were both born in Bristol, PA. Imagine that! ., I'm Rich Bitch hahahaha :D, peas in your corn, eat tacos with meat!, Watching Michael Jackson on youtube he was the greatest.., GINA. buy me a new sketchbook cause you love me., let's drop that swagg Flexx mojo tomorrow. And I have a hot track off beat I'm a send u, I just don't trust y'all women out here, Just finished running lights for one of the best set lists ever at with and, You always carry headshots with you to all of your auditions, right? Tell me you do. Right!, Stop changing the subject..., hoping my ink cartridge doesn't run out before I print out all the auction stuff to go to our 1st meeting..., i'm good hby?(:, I hate it when people with great potential to be something; become the complete oppisite and lose theirselves along the way., your the best, too bad I can pick up clay Travis radio signal in Glasgow!, Great time this weekend! Love VT. We'll be back., Happy Friday!! We have a fun weekend lined up serving up some delicious cocktails/dishes to some fab people! Join in on the fun this weekend, Ready for the future. I Have a couple of projects that I'm working on. check out www.wolfeyedesigns.com and sign up for the rss feed., hunger is taking over, Thanks for the shout-outs & conversations today!, Earplugs on. I wish I'm always at school. Fudge! Pissed off!, pair of gloves would be pretty wicked!!!, Aww :(": Got dammit car started smoking..this can't be life", that I like nutella. All of a sudden Ariana Grande comes in the room!, car wallpaper Devin Hester of the Chicago Bears is filling up gas in ..., ready to get this fucking day over with. awful start to the week, And a very good morning from #canheit at #mcmaster!, I got something epic. Couldn't lock down the end. It has strong character roots., is there a new teen wolf coming out?, sigh ... I just read an article from the NYT for class that calls a woman, Francesca, an alumnus., Hi Lynda! Thank you! I'm having a great weekend! I hope you are as well!, R.I.P Menciones., hahahaha she is being the more responsible student of us three . You go glen coco <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>, Denver desperately needing Wilson Chandler this game sucks he ain't plauing, Happiness is a journey, not a destination. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BE>, baseball is...having your dad pick you up from school to go watch the game., #AustinTo675K!!! Get everyone to follow him Mahomies! He deserves this!, Street signs and stop lights. That's the only thing ill miss when I leave., Where did u find this?, that was probably the best tweet ever to exist., Sorry you're sick! I'll email later in the week to get on ur calendar. Hey to Wilbur!, Sometimes Cherry Coke is what makes life worth living!, TRAFFIC - EB Belt @ Todd Dr/ Fish Hatch - 1 car crash on the median + injuries, haha I agree., I want to play with coursera..., Wow what a day!, DIFFERENT, a teen novel about a girl with ADD, soon to be released through Indigo Tree Publishing in paperback and e-book formats., But if I'm swaying, I'm still on vacation..., When your 1 and a half year old brother says I love you Seth >>>, Well I guess it's my fault again. Just blame it on me. That's coo., I'm sure God takes Poops everywhere., No takesies backsies on tequila Tuesdays when you were responsible for the tequila!, Hey Orange...it's a noon start., After a great win over the 'Nucks, 'Hawks get destroyed at home. Why can't we beat the Preds? :(, And, rightly or wrongly, it's SCOTUS that sets social direction of country these days, more often than Congress or White House., How was it?, Was that an earthquake in McLean? Anyone else feel that?, blah blah blah bligity blah..., Maybe it is, Won't happen again, rappers are gonna start adding that 2 their credentials...*how many n*ggas u kno crashed datpiff 8 times!!*, I tried to clear out all the emails for ID & EG yesterday (:, oh, I missed that. Well, happy late Bday. Hope you had lots of fun :D, AGAINST ALL ODDS, Omw to school lets see what today brings, In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure, “: We should break up into teams. Each team focuses on one part of the selfish conservative extremism that has crippled America.”| Yes!, Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. R. Buckminster Fuller, four of these tonight, I'm going to bed..... now. I know WHAT I'm going to do with my Prezis, just don't have the energy to do it tonight., Getting ready then heading to NKY to watch the derby.. I just want a nap :/, #SAYSOMETHIN Am I going insane? My blood is boiling inside of my veins An evil feeling attacks My body's shaking, there's no turning back, Meet who! RT : #MammothFestival is this weekend! RT for chance to win 2 free...passes for Sat. & meet Gavin DeGraw., Full studs. Never half-ass it. Go all the way. Every time. xx, Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Gino's East - Pizza (live updates), So I guess Jennifer Egan gets to enjoy being the most recent Pulitzer Prize for two years in a row., Q: If money needed for reelection is the root of congress problems, why just attack money? What about term limits, too?, it was great to meet you!, Like I said #ALCS sat nite #BRONX #FOXtv Tune in C.J. vs. CC, Thank you :D, It worked for me, it’ll work for you. - Better Fitness Daily - It started about 10 years ago; I woke up one day and said, "I feel..., Cause shes bittersweet, she knocks me off of my feet, and i cant help myself, i dont want anyone else....the click five- just the girl, in 1 word describe you experience on true blood as sophie-anne lecerq?, I'm excited for you guys to BE in New York. I said that ever since I found out yall were doing shows over here. ;), wow we def gotta catch up soon!!! Like Das crazy, Happy birthday to ! Go get them. #catchup and everyone should go follow him., If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business. - B. C. Forbes, Guess i'll stay in and watch Hatchet!, Why do I have an expensive taste in shoes?!?!, lol we looped the growl today in ADR. U could make some $ of that thing, LMFAO i just died, I guess my weekend starts now, haha nah i dont think so.i was there last week i wouldve bought them if i saw them ha. idk man, its hardchoosing 4 you>.<, North Shore here we come w/ !, I love the smell of peach Zig-Zags, I'm sending prayers to all the teammates ! Don't let know one tell you what you can't do. Fight hard as ever! Don't give up, Smith: noted life sciences depts were impacted by increased enrollment, tells students to speak up to notify depts to up sections., IT'S RAINING HARD AGAIN BUT THIS TIME LOUDER, How long was your commute today?, can I be totally nosey and ask how much? I'm going to look at running shoes next Saturday, Ben Vershbow - what if we were to start a new library from ground up? - / Peter Brantley #ndpl - a dramatic rethink, preachpreachpreachpreachpreach. PREACH IT!!, I think I may have finally found a use for Pinterest. If only I had an invite., #Onthisday Bob Marley died 30 years ago today at the Cedars of Lebanon Hospital, now University of Miami Hospital., M...basketball pie and basketball marmalade, On the human chessboard, all moves are possible. -Miriam Schiff, It's hard to offend someone who walks in forgiveness., Stress free Christmas food umm? let me think! Got it--ZUZU Pork Verde Chile served with ZUZU handmade corn tortillas.Call us get on the list, Planting my wisdom tree at www.iwise.com/youtego, #Pineda gone for the year!:( aaaaahhhhhh, The 40 minute delay on the MARC Penn Line really topped off this perfect day. Note the sarcasm., its him if its him, RT : Prepping for my session tomorrow #devlearn (Good luck! You're gonna do great), I agree that vision precedes creation. But why do you say most CANNOT imagine a sustainable planet?, RT Bout to run to the gas station. I need the exercise. Gas is 3+.., follow hashtag #DMSWOSU for the Digital Media in a Social World conference, forgot to include that., #tnasacrifice has been good so far. Shows why Kurt Angle is the Steven Segal of, •I’m tired of love; I’m still more tired of rhyme; but money gives me pleasure all the time, You've got it bad! Lol!, I wonder how much money Southerland has taken from the insurance lobbyists?, i love how can tweet absolutely anything and still get 100+ retweets :), one of my favorite underclassmen, All those punks at are trying to stop me but they'll never succeed never EVER!!!, today is #ALLSAINTSDAY. why come halloween gets all the attention and All Saints Day hardly a mention? positive momentum has taken a fall., Thanks so much for sending me the link!! We had a terrific time. Yep, we'll totally be in touch. Take care, and talk soon., Happy Mothers Day to all the teen Moms. I wish you the best, and know that you aren't alone. God bless you always., Business Card BLITZ has been a hit! Most cards ever sold in a month for Business Cards Discounted! Get 250 for $19 or 1000 for $39, One hopes. :), #opensource is the way to go., Homies if someone pit dressing in my shithl they will be done, I have some #AmericanHorrorStory catching up to do., 84-page packet for tonight's Board Meeting. Thinking it could be a late night., ChurchPlaza™ Launches New Value Priced Lighter Weight Church Chair Series Combining Polymer Technology and Virtually ..., graduation party tonight.... Come buy the man a shot, sorry I'm behind but working on this. Before Saturday? :), #ROCbottom in the best way, @ rehearsal getting it in. Hey you don't make the cabbage unless you do the homework and are prepared., Headed into a day off. Hopefully I won't sleep through this one like last time., Tired of making money, I'm on to making history., I've said it before, I'll say it again: maybe for once they're just saving all the funny bits for the movie, #Son RT : When some1 is able to see their worth & beauty.....others will start to acknowledge it as well., Sexy boy ;), In other news im also going to Ohio., wouldn't this require a number of different logins though?, people are too crazy for me these days haha, i love that Justin was online when Selena Is Our Love Song was trending...He knows we love her <333, Child please. I've never been the type to just do the norm or expected, I'm all about originality, unexpected joy & inspiration., Grumpily writing the new york times-It'd be a viable campaign for them to put more here-But it would be some sort of superficial situation, I don't have to worry about anyone?, help with a show there!, Why is there traffic at 11 pm, Is it an artisan donut?, Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. ~ Conrad Hilton, i think i want to explore boxing or some sort of hand to hand combat. RT: I want to hit people on a weekly basis also! miss it!, Absolutely smitten. How terrible!, who's next? Do tell..., I START MY DIET/ WORKOUT MONDAY :), glad you saw! the book(s) ain't cheap!, dreading school tomorrow. :o, Father to 5 y/o son as son tugs on dads leg, dad says "What I can't carry you bro, my leg hurts!" ...and a killer is born, Good night sweet prince. And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest. xx, Quite honestly, I HATE Joe Girardi yelling at the media when they "dare" call Chris Stewart CC's personal catcher. He's caught CC over the, David Rumsey's new blog provides an amazing overview of the past decade. His first site went live in 1999. www.davidrumsey.com/blog, core leaders: purchasing 2 flat panel LCDs for education team., So, did you get your offer for your 1st check-in ?, Somebody play me in Draw Something!, Fhsdkfhdkfhsdkfh JUSTIN you should retweet some fans and send some " ily" tweets :p, Omg my mom won't take me to mcdonalds so I can use their wifi. Kill me., Building your own empire takes the focused teamwork of like-minded people. You can accomplish anything with the right people on your side., I wanna wary that new show Girls on HBO. Looks like a legit way to waste my time., If I'm the Grizzlies, there is NO WAY i'm letting CP3 beat me with Griffin fouled out. Double/triple team. Evans, Foye prove yourselves., Weep & Groan; Bawl & Moan watching, The extreme humidity is causing our delivery guy car problems...., there are 13 songs on the cd and I actually enjoy 12 of them a lot...that's a great percentage haha, Todays password "happy mother's day", You had me at the first page - "The circus arrives without warning." The Night Circus by Morgenstern, #Excel !! RT "Successful people begin where failures leave off. Never settle for 'just getting by.' Excel!" Tom Hopkins, Thank you to everyone that came and checked out the opening night of our More Discoveries: Inaugural Exhibition, Part II yesterday! What..., It amazes me how many people have public posts saying things that should not be public information., email me album art to along with the link and ill add it to the site!, Mall of America tomorrow!!!!!, Chaos is the score upon which reality is written. -- Henry Miller, Im feeling really sad..., RT ": I wish I was photogenic #weirdlookingguyproblems" Don't you mean, The US dollar has rebounded, and stock markets have gained in Asia after US President Barack Obama said Osama Bin Laden was dead., she acting like she a toy like no keep her but don't fucken start. with me dike v fuck there's other ppl BITCH!!, going to bed night <3, Only person who feels worse than Aron Winter about that 3-0 Toronto FC loss is Bruce Arena., guess just went live? our new interactive website gbwvision.com !, The coming King, worth everything, is more than Enough for me., Thanks...Happy Mother's day to you too. My mom is so cute...watches NASCAR too...lol!, Ifits about respecting country then why do only 1/3 of people vote? Its an honor but you have to respect he used his free speech, got my jochen hecht jersey just in time for our playoff push, It appears that the Chicago sports media has gone full-snob on Theo Epstein. Guess it's backlash for his giving them nothing to write about., Loving The New Twitter Changes :), Please join us in thanking Jamie for his time, If I'm weird with you, I'm comfortable with you, What? :o, Ive decided to turn teh gey. It's a choice, right?, So the weekend coming up and I was invited to 2 birthday parties which I have decided not to go..I was going to be the bigger person but.., Metta world peace is a stupid ass bitch for that hoe ass elbow!!!!, Follow Back?, Yay! It's Friday! Hope everyone has a great day <3, I have Tuesday off who wants to hang out, Competitive club soccer training resumes tonight for the boys.. U9-U15 in Boynton Beach., RT : That's Michigan's first lead over Ohio since Nov. 17, 2007, When I stop forcing things to turn out in a certain way or specific time frame, I live an effort free life. Today, I just enjoy the journey., Well it was good workin with ya!, Wow, thanks ! was thrilled to present. Be sure to keep us posted on your progress, take-aways, & "aha" moments!, On my way to miss Breyona school # pop up......, It's beautiful when I can talk about the akashic records on Twitter. Awakening., you dirty, dirty thief., I love your openness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, This bill is now a death sentence for thousands. Worthless as a health measure. Shameful., Thirty minutes of the last #80sThursday of the year left! Send us your song requests., I'm in love with a fairytale... Cause I don't care if I lose my mind, I'm already cursed. ¦, pretty well! The area is fun, and I love the people. Working like crazy too... how are you doing?, Did Mikey pop his chest?? LOL., theres men dressed as women in #witches ive onty just noticed this now., Red beans and rice didn't miss her, I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 7, : will evangelicals vote for Romney? key question for the election - data shows religion an important factor, The Enterprise App Store: 10 Must-Have Features - Computerworld, I didn't run into anyone I know today. Guess who's wearing the exact same thing tomorrow., My God, in the Right By My Side video <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>, officially just followed back all my followers! #teamfollowback!, Bobby Knight finally realized that UK might actually win the tournament. If its gonna happen anyway, he should just lay back and enjoy it., If this girl says UM one more time......, I miss u. And I dnt care who know cause its true and I wish I could have 1 more and I promise I'll get it right :D, Observing tweets w/ BSE vs Mad Cow.Good info.under 1st fear&speculation under 2nd.How2get #BSE info 2 people who only know #madcow?, i would have signed up for that if it wasnt a spam., Listening to KidRock. I don't care what anyone says, I love listening to KidRock, Freshman girls should not mess with senior bitches, Eating pita bread w/spinach dip while looking at Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence pics on Tumblr. Livin' da life., The truth is, everyone around you is schemin. Whether it be in your favor, or against you., The other day I said I couldn't imagine being more unproductive at work,,,I was wrong!!!, lol I'm Sean ;), Ah, akin to changing POV. Interesting take., Be a man rub some dirt in it!, You can text a $10 donation to support via ! Text GIVE 9491 to 80088 to donate., Oh my god I am so confused right now... I need ice cream, thank all for all the followers! we appreciate it so much!, truth be told, I thought the same thing the first time I heard "tapas" ;), So proud of the boys soccer team!!!, Thank you, to my meek masseuse this morning, for not shrieking wildly upon discovering I have jumbo-Legos for muscles in my upper back., Counting the minutes., Slept too effin great <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, Girl you killin ‘em, my condolence, My feet are cold. The sun came out for a few moments. But it's cold again., I may not be perfect but i'm always me!, I already told you, Buy Turn To You On Itunes Justin deserves #1 for all the work he has done, I heart the Happy birthday, Tony!, blonde or brunette?, . -- Re: #immigration, we need to get rational about this., IT'S RAINING! :D, We just joined fellow #Seattle Dem LDs in support of no net losses of low-income housing at Yeslar Terrace., The book I'm reading contains one gathering--pages 57-64--twice. Haven't seen that before., Hang tight, Day 7's clues will be posted later this evening. Sorry for the delay!, it irritates me when girls are like "i love justin! omg boyfriend is amazing" Like no, if you havent been here through it ALL get lost., I'm a fucking Strip Club DJ... I play music while your girlfriend swings on my pole!, There is nothing like waking up with God and communing with Him, that's some BS ... wow., Explore this spring&#39;s high-drama coats, when I get drunk, I get ROWDY!, Really feels like punching something today.., Key to predictable and profitable project work? Apply business analysis practices to your processes., Rahsaan Patterson - Wines & Sprits - Feels Good, Back in LA. Encenitas was really nice, excited my new tablet comes tonorrow... #finally! nite all!, RT : If YOU purchased Reebok Easy Tone shoes you may be entitled to a CASH payment from a class action settlement..., Just found a #20 in my shorts pocket...what a surprise!!, Read a good article about Government employees teleworking; the leadership needs to consistently walk the talk. Trust but verify., If you get her to curse...you've done something! RT : yes it is. You really want to get into a cursing debate?, Dope track fam. Real talk., thank you! :), On the ground in Philly - YAY! Can't get home to my family fast enough!, Still waiting for it in Boston <U+2639> RT : Hello sunshine, nice to see you again., Good grief. Praying for a speedy recovery!, says Tequila Party, non partisan, is targeting Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio next., Make me proud, Z-Bo., someone ate way too much chocolate shake..., Wow, I don't think I've had a coherent thought all day. Hm...let me think...nope. Not a one. Time to watch some crappy TV, Was that thunder? It is 61 out ..., so productive!, Iatley I've been thinking you & I wouldn't make it if we tried , I want you to tell me you don't want see me go & you want us to grow, So what if I follow most of my followers? They are my fans right? My teammates don't have as many fans as me. They are just jealous., well played RT : "Thats what she said!" RT may the fourth be with you, get your lightsaber out?;), Interesting. Where'd you get those numbers?, just went to the teachers lounge to buy the class drinks., Tried telling them,U PICKING THE WRONG TEAM--->, Oh, you fancy?, Thx for following., what draft position do they have now after trade with Redskins??, don't hate the player, hate the game, Hunter Hayes "wanted" >>>, On the verge of greatness, Tonight and tomorrow night be sure to check out AVA Ballet's Vortex. It's one ballet that certainly rocks! 8:30 p.m. @ Hawkins Amphitheater!, Happy Hina Matsuri! Happy Girl's Day! :), tomorrow do you recut drop to "they're going home, they're going home"? Best morning radio in NYC.., What have you accomplished this weekend?, Wishes 's newsletter (The Transom) was online so I could link to some of his analysis!, Howdy, new Uptown neighbor - 2525 McKinney Avenue for and now Look good while U dine!, Watching the Giants/Redskins Game with my son! Yeah I'm HAPPY!, I know smoking isn't good for people or books, but there is something comforting about the smell of old books donated by a habitual smoker., (also, Cleveland stories placed in nat'l pubs from local group I worked with? Two!), You are my tragedy., yea for sum reason actressprincess wit the s was taken! Thanks for following me ill def follow back!, Skip only plays with himself. RT : I'm curious have u played in the nfl, Siggghhhhh....KEXP playing Active Child "She Was a Vision"...nice :), Ugh this bitch, I can't wait to get my car, this bus shit is weak!!!, Use the Manic Panic "Atomic Turquoise", others will ruin your hair., Are you hanging out tomorrow for 's birth, Same old Caps., Hawaii 5-0 is my show!!, haha I just started tweeting too, this blackberry makes it so easy!, your welcome! (:, they said hello and kewl wat r u doin on here, know u had a long night thank for the info. I figured they knew who they wanted but waited so signing bonus would be less., I love being part of the Mahomie Family ILY <3, Go #tanaedwedd go!, ...Bet Beating us 2/3 in May makes Buck as happy as if he won the WS...<Bet he wont be there in Oct...if I was a betting man..!, I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation. LMAO!, thank you :), #DanceMusic Cheap adobe cs4 master collection mac - DOWNLOAD computer software, i can't help it, it just looks totally STOOPID! Avatar, that is, It's hard to find good help these days…, Always be happy because you never know who's falling in love with your smile. <3, I am, Looking forward to book club tonight. Discussing Cheri Priest's *Boneshaker*., I've got a 65-year-old friend that's a freshman on the golf team at Union College in Barbourville, KY., that's now how this union of souls is going to work. get in the kitchen where you belong, or get pimp slapped., Can you follow back if you have swag which you do, Sure, if that's what you want to imagine it was., All the IU fans can say whatever they want, look who's #1!, lol idk bro she just followed me, thank you for following Follow-back done and done., Brainstorming publicity ideas for a retired drag racing legend...can't wait to see them come to life!, Tokyo Disney, A: Kermit the frog's fingers, "I need a man who smells like coco butter & ca$h"., I'm a big fan because he gets an undeserved hard time from Reds fans, and that's a weak reason for me being a fan??? Okay...., Work Of Art is the best tv show bravo has ever made. I'm such a sucker for all this bs art school crap! So hilarious!, I need the Sony press conference NOW!, How many fucking sandwiches does this girl have.. Wtf can even breath, Don’t judge my choices if you don’t understand my reasons., Bo RT : I'm so sick of Cleveland and seeing the same shit., Eastern time zone games are cool cuz I get to go to bed at decent hour..., Working on a survey & I need model language or good examples of statements about how the data will be handled/shared. Know any?, Thanks! I got to get this moving! Want to laugh? I am getting magnet bumper stickers for my car today. :-0, Learning to visualize texts from and this am at, What a great photo...and tonight should be even better!, send me some waffles, bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>, It's sad that I have yet to start my homework., In 2012, organizers and exhibitors will continue to integrate tablets into the marketing, sales, and operations workflows of their events., amen to that and drink up. Cheers and Merry Christmas!!, Things are go so wonderful in my life I can't complain if I wanted too!!!!, Sometimes you need to run away and see where life takes you, I want coffee scented perfume., What? Did you guys decorate? I can't get these slackers over here to get their decorating butts in gear!, Police have person in custody related to bomb threats @ university of Pitt. X prof who sent paranoid 150 pg. manifesto to current professors, enjoyed your site and see a tremendous need for what you offer. Thank you friend!, It's draft day! Correctly guess the first 10 picks of tonight's draft for a free Scorzie!!!, We've got power., post-grad art friends can be even better. See you soon? :), Pre conference survey + interesting data + great infographics = brand exposure + leads + earned media, How does one get into google+ I wanna look (0<U+03C9>0), Well, I'm relieved I got behind on This American Life and never listened to the Apple episode., What are you guys getting me for Christmas, thank you :), I received my backpack last night. Awesome service and shipping. Thanks so much for helping make my college career more pleasant!, I have two Flyers tickets for Tuesday the 31st against the Jets, $45 a ticket, face value is $91 a ticket, first come first serve, So sorry for errant tweets! Thanks for heads-up!, the stories i'm being told; can't make these things up. yikes, When the steelers where down by 20 something against the Ravens in the playoffs, I smoked a pack of cigarettes and we came back to win., Especially since Geithner, his Sec of Treas, has taken over HIS JOB!! He has! Read and spread articles on his actions!! Impeach!!, push on, Thanks Matt!! Have a great weekend.. I know after this one I'll be having a tiny celebration things are back to normal!, but..but I like it slave, Yess finally got a new phone!b, Jim Perry ftw!, Night world. See you in London tomorrow, Lowes is the best price, built a whole system there for less then $600, So jealous! I want some Dubya Burger!, Get Your Good On service project today at Academy Charter School! :-), Ready for the Brits 2012 with Bethan Griffiths, At olive garden, Nd follow back, I see that particular hit and argue thing a lot.most of the time it loses the point of what might be a -, Cool! Any Android app yet?, Mcnair Gannon Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+, Even Ron Paul's Eyebrows are embarrassed by his "get any gayer" joke., Ah poor Kobe has the stomach flu. Let me guess he thinks he is Jordan and is going to act exhausted after every shot, don't you have to rent it? #$$$, RT : Congrats to for top 10 ranking in SEO's Best Social Media Marketing Services Feb 2012, time to change my dp :'D, I've been your fan since Shark Boy and Lava Girl.. hahaha. c;, Waking up for 5 minutes...too many free margaritas ast night at silversun pickups record release party.need more sleep .new album is amazing, Many thanks - and same to you! MT : Happy Monday & G8 wk, Omg! That book sounds amazing! I love books that have a deep emotional meaning. I'll definitely check it out., Sorry for your loss PC. “: Anyone who met pops would now how tough he was but also the most loving person. He was my No. 1 fan.”, Most people get mad when a social network is having problems,how about getting of your ass & doing something? Theres a world out there lol, True Born Records a, I LOVE IT! You are so awesome! I love the random mediums and things that inspire you., Happy Easter Tweeps!, JR Carnival (kiddies carnival) will b held @ Broward Regional Park on Oct 2nd...it's a FREE event! Bring out the family & support the kids!, RT : "Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could be any different.", I need to get one to cellar. Very tasty!, Board games? Video games? Anykind of games?, birthday in one day, Aw love you too, Steph! :D, #DS12 great to walk in and be registered as VIP. Thanks You know how to treat CIOs., I left my headphones at house ..!, hey babe I was jw when you're postin the next chapter ? :), Sara palin is following me.. (x, It distracting me too much, so you're welcome :), Hey. Dark and cryptic. Keep tweeting, ok?, Who's support ¦Jelena¦??, THE FEELING OF BEING DONE WITH AP EXAMS IS FREAKING FANTASTIC, I'd camp out in Nome before the financial district!!, thanx for the heads up on the anonymous hacking story, I hate it how people tell me to follow THESE ppl when THOSE ppl dont follow me back, story of my life, Check out some our members personal twitters!, you can't be serious..., thanks for reminding me..., Then the #SFGiants should be reliant on you do pick the best player on every team they see this season, I ready to win this game laugh have fun and go home!!!, It's ok to kiss a fool. It's ok to let a fool kiss you. But never let a kiss fool you., My plan for getting out of work today relies heavily on two of my best skills--lying and tampering with fire extinguishers., should bring lunch to my job since he's so close now!!!, Mac Gaming News returns after a week off - www.macgamingnews.com - live at 10am Pacific - #mac game reviews, news, etc., RT : What a great surprise getting a call from President Clinton congratulating me on the &amp; talking about the, I think that timeline is going to be the downfall of facebook....i thought id get used to it....but it literally gives me anxiety, Three more days till best coast!!!!, I ain't gone lie to ya sleeze ball, Awesome tango night at The Beehive! Cool place., so i've been listening to #christmas music since shortly after thanksgiving, think i'm tired of it yet? lol think again!!, Lakers Lost....that's all I'm saying I won't talk shit tonight lol, I want to! Fixed it ;P, I fucking love my wife #92611 ., of course im loving the torys...i want to look like you obv. CANNOT WAIT 4 MON!!!!!!!!!, After last night's #SOA I'm putting money on Michael Chikliss showing up next season. Takers?, "We the People!", The NBA really runs Twitter, Tebow time is over.. Finally., A man in a moose costume sounds like an ideal plan. Good thinking!, Seven Layer Bars Seven layer bars are a classic dessert that was popular in the 1970s. Simple to make, these layered bars are rich and sw, WHEN YOU PRAY AND HEAR GODS VOICE YOU KNOW ITS REAL THANKS GOD, okay :D, yeah but then you'd have nothing to wash your underwear in, In the Hills of Beverly blowing hookah pipes with Sports Illustrated swimsuit models because it's the Hollywood lifestyle that I lead., I love Flat Stanley! Such a cute idea., oh-oh you remember my bday/spring training/beerfest trip from last year, I hope my tweets were lady-like!, There are some good ones in there. The Facebook Twitter switch at the end threw me., oh, chyle I thought it was already happenin. smh., yeah, he makes me want to <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> myself and make me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090> myself in front of a <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C>, I want a female who is gonna have my back through the good and the badd, #Imagine j: guess what superhero I am!!!! U:Batman...Superman...Spiderman! J:you give up? U: yep j:YOURman ;) he said and picks you up., should drop Rush Limbaugh completely and gain DC listeners. I know many that have stopped listen to that station!, I think BYT got punk'd by an April Fools post :(, Hm ... according to my web site stats, Twitter users click links less than FB, LinkedIn, Google+ and Pinterest users! WTF! Wake up!, long time no speak ... how was #BHF11?, New videos have been posted of actual stem cell treatments for Tay-Sachs disease and COPD. www.stemcellregenmed.com/testimonials4.htm, Loving this father daughter duo on AGT!, ALL HALE LOUIS TOMLINSON& THE OTHER 4 HOMOSEXUAL GODS., Can someone please tell me the voting number for RNG !!!?!?!??, never got that text -__-, Work thinks I have class today. I didn't bother to correct them. I think this calls for an Everwood marathon and a day in bed!, At the Jackson Square groundbreaking Councillor Tito Jackson: This is a day of change. Jamaica Plain and Roxbury are one community., Gary: "It's rainin men hallelujah" ahahahaha, Once I graduate I'm running far away from North Hills and never coming back... Cya later, HAPPY TURKEY DAY!!, SS! IM HIDING FROM THE VOICES, i would say that's rude., Just found out is sold in my city! Wahoo! =D, It is sprinkling rain in Campbell. WOW!, We are so cool!, Good luck on your search! Looking for something specific? RT : for outfits?, Anybody wanna hang out with me I'm at, We are definitely going to miss #Summerfest when it's over tomorrow. Getting more than 4 hours of sleep= priceless., If you are missing anything and have been in my car call me. Everything that's not mine will be thrown away this Friday, dying skunk hair back because, You're the only one who can ever calm me down. I love you., thanks girl!!, is admiring her pepper plants in her office garden., u sure? cause im here if you need to talk, I love coffee so much that I want my own plantation., #theLabNYC Thx for the time today. will try to catch you next T/W? Plenty of SeeS.aw feedback., I'll let you go the day the earth stops., can't get Seal out of my head!, 1 of the most ignorant things ever written. RT : His hoodie killed Trayvon Martin as surely as George Zimmerman., If you can't say anything positive, crawl back in the bed until you can! Trust me, the world will appreciate that this morning! Grrh!, YOU WERE ON THE ELLWN SHOW!!! Congrats :) ur amazon make more vids soon plz??, i tlked to dymez. i think we waitin a lil bit so we can plan it out a little better., next time, look at the lens, not the mirror. You so cute., Watching "Cedar Rapids" just excellent and endearing. Coming of age for adults!, Can we ask you for some support when we come through Chicago! We return favors!! :), a very helpful lady @ your call center sorted my problem out. Thank you! It took me too long to get through though. (US), new favorite song ~ pumped up kicks <3, The PEOPLE rejected I-1082, which we opposed. We stand for what's in the best interest of those injured., haha no I didn't see it but I'll go with you, CJ's got some nice moves! Let's get some goals early!, If you would like to take Quiz 3 before the July 4th holiday begins, I have opened it early. Quiz 3 is available July 1, 11:00 AM, #ItsAllFunAndGamesTil you find out the #bible is #Truth and you have been, That Tupac video at Coachella is truly breathtaking., Still into highschool girls I see. Sicko. Hey, guess my phones autocorrect is still right., #oracle Tuned a query from 6 minutes down to sub second, bam, that is how you do it, Dear - ZERO thumbnails are showing up on all my streams. Weird..., Our Re:tail Thrift & Consignment Shop has moved! Please join us at 4646 Menaul Blvd today for our Grand Re-Opening., Congrats to the Miami Dade College Softball Team for winning the Atlantic & State Championships! Way to go ladies!, #rejectedpromthemes Your Mom and Dad's Favorite Music, all the MILFs are going out today for drinks!!, It is pretty dope. RT : btw i have the best twitcon, WORKS FOR ME, We REALLY ddo! “: We love families who run on Dunkin'. RT : My uncle's buying me #coffee ”, Ooh I want to know more about this!, SATURDAY: Texas In July w/ Like Moths To Flames, The Air I Breathe, & Hundredth @ The Loft! NEXT WEDNESDAY! Switchfoot @ Majestic! C U THERE, but yet LA is shitty... Wish Vegas was closer., Miss you too. They keep taking my phone away., I hate when I can't get a hold of my mom when I have news to share, 8 hours of interviewing for jobs. I'm pooped!, Work those pipes!, RT : Thanks for our sake cheat sheet RT! (Say that three times fast!) ^¦¦¦!, Hi John. I loved the old one better myself. Upper deck was closer to field & stadium noise was MUCH louder !, jesus tapdancing christ it was raining hard, That brief awkward moment when derrick rose's mouth closes all the way., Body is sore from the free workouts at FitLife yesterday but I'm loving it!, OMG! Just say the trailer for Sparkle Whitney Houston sounds so beautiful singing! I can't wait to see it in the Theaters! =D, Blow Out T-Shirt SALE. www.bleachercreaturesusa.com, “: I got 2 middle fingers and an attitude lol” I like that SO much. LOL, Fixing to head into this meeting. Getting prepared for the week., Let's work on rearranging these, please. #pointless RT : Deck chairs on the Titanic., Its presentation prep time with the crew :), Today is my Birthday!!! :), I love how quiet it is here at night., ... is your ticket still available?, These were all separate occasions, mind you. Now if only my mind would stop racing and I could sleep., Now happily accepting donations and volunteers... Let's get it started in here! www.LaneForCongress.com, funniest fucking guy alive period period., Not really. You'd have to accept the new Terms of Service once they have been revised before they would apply to you., i watch disney channel all the time((:, I Swear I Just Forget I Even Have Twitter Sometimes Lool, I didnt send it yet, you"ll have it in your email box tonight., she'll love to know that! She tries..., My doctor congratulated me on 'looking so good.' Heh. She just redeemed herself., plug for VTigerCRM! Do you know where your customers are? I know where mine are!, Currently experiencing "hair temptation". The devil wants me to dye my hair red. #butIRebukehim lol, yawn* bored, so about me googling that..., Just realized I'm a fan of mutiple carolina teams hm how did that happen?, how many good shots are you hitting in a 44?, Remember the christening gift I finally decided on for Sun? Post office lost it. Says they delivered it Sat but surprise nothing at office, Enjoying hearing the rain fall outside. Such a nice day for taking a nap., Tax return time! Wooooohooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!....., Josh is so cute:), I see you communicate with everyone else....but me..., Morning Rockstars! > We make our fortunes, and we call them fate. - Earl of Beaconsfield, yes! Or a selected passage that is clearly a "teaching passage" or obviously central in some way, I am in the process of doing that right now! You know what they say about great minds ;-), Watching the documentary Nirvana:Nevermind on Netflix instant. This album has so much meaning to me and my generation. Great doc! See it, oh wait nevermind u got a sleepovr to attend :/, SAT in DC 21+ FREE till 11 @ TEATRO 1909 K St. NW email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject, I'm just a squirrel, tryna get a nut.... so what's up? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>, The first act is about 47 minutes long. And you're never sure who the villain of the movie is. He spends so much time fighting good guys., Dr. Camerlengo, Gena not her dad, just disagnosed me with something and was correct. I'm really impressed., top of the morning to you, Music Industry Designs upgrades your image with websites, logos, business cards & more!-Contact Us Today 215-666-8397, With the Howard Williams jazz orchestra tonight 7-10, at the garage tonight., Thanks so much!, Make sure that the decisions U make about your life R YOUR decisions...N times like that, U must learn 2 B selfish!, By Carter Maness The menacing hip-hop from 16-year-old Chicago rapper Chief Keef has been turning heads lately. Now, aft, aww thanks lover ;-) XO, when you coming back to the chi?, No good. Hope no one was hurt!, Bucks have a better chance to beat out the Sixers anyway, they have drive ins at WW, Will do!, Happy Veterans Day! Thank You for your Service!, #RomneyYachtNames Job Keeler, #marlins win!, SOX: Alfredo Aceves gets out of T9 jam and the #RedSox take game two of series, 7-5 over the #Indians. Felix Doubront starts tomorrow., what score man?, Hungry aafpg!!!(as a fat pregnant girl), damn #cuse I know Fab was good but he wasn't the team! Where is this deep bench I saw all year! ugh, I just fan a deviantartist who draws herself. Fucking king Louis XVI of France. Over and over again. She's jealous of Marie Antoinette., Hey Whats good man!, rookie of the year the over all rating 89, so do you think Alex is Sexy! (;, I love 's ears lol they're huge :-), Ever tried Nomadic Ethiopian food? We're bringing in Radio Africa & Kitchen on Thursday. Come have a bite with us!, our president #obama is among the 1% of people worldwide that have eaten DOG Meat., don't take my debate away comcast!, RT When you practice philanthropy, you can educate people, encouraging them to be independent, more aware, & more creative., Both teams average over 1 point/minute on offense and 61 and 64 possessions per 40 minutes. Talk about little to no value in that Under.., It's always nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they're not around. ¦, Hey douches, don't steal a penguins on your drunkin' night out. It isn't funny. You're lucky little Dirk is okay. Douches., ill advised re-redux: picking up the victoria's secret swim suit catalog to flip through while savoring said ice cream., So, what do I do about Lord Tensai in my #FantasyDraft? Should I roll the dice and hope he picks up stream?, Eminem was in a coma for 10 days cuz he got beat up so bad....when he was 10 years old., LOOL,she should teach me .., U another Sicki Garbaj using 's name 2 get your out there,pathetic!! People with real talent prove they earned a spot, Ew no he's too ugly, by when?, Little dudes comin in with their parents and then going to sit by themselves, I remember those says lol, At house, I"ve really enjoyed my time being back home in Mississippi felt good to get away from ATL, my job and the stage for a couple days, I think it will take some serious data analysis :) and to be fair, it's 's hypothesis, RT : John Lasseter: started crying when Discovery connected to ISS & #buzzlightyear wasn't carried, but...flew thru dock, Santana with a solo homer in the bottom of the 7th makes it 2-0, Great skipping god. Please please oh please get the power back up. Our boil and bottle-filler NEED YOU., #np Don't let me down ~ The Beatles, Give your heart a break <U+2764>, Yes! lol - RT did finally let you back in the studio?, Its Taco Tuesday! What is your fresh La Casita salsa-of-choice to finish out your taco construction?, watching the episode with hosting, love him but its not the same w/o you! Get back gurrlll., PLEASE follow ! IT IS Jaden Smith's FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! please go follow & support (clearly you love himtoo!, I will research and if those dreams involve homemade jam I wide like to dream with you., hahaha I try ! It's all about being a teamate !, Charles Village and Hamilton are my favorite neighborhoods. CV is great for renting, Hamilton for buying., Good morning!!!! It's time to plan for the weekend!!!, 2nd block... Worst time of the day :(, I mean who else haha, Heading to New York for the new years, Lathum why are you wearing a batman mask.., There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You, Man i hate goin to sleep mad..but i guess this women wont let it happen., should have been done that, The Start-up of You is so inspiring, telling others. It helps break through the brick walls.Thanks for putting this out there!, I just want people to mind their own damn business and let me do what ima do ., Although #pearlharbor might have the worst acting ever, the #flying scenes are pretty entertaining., well, i guess i'm just going to get off fb & twitter for the night & just get comfortable & lay down & think through some things & text., Grizzlies coming home tied at one game each with the Thunder. Time to get down to Grizzness boys, I am not going to want to get up in the morning, With ya on everything. FB is a joke. Spend very little time on there for the reasons you listed. Family & buds are all I care about, Bout to face dis blunt;, I hate futs, Camera Fun Time: shoot subject using a stool in various positions from different angles. Make half the shots candids and half smiles., pretty cool to see a woman playing the drums!, Ratchett, you tell yo baby to finish eating her noodles O_o..... Its 8am thats lunch food, malnourished..., That was a long as drive, Good point. But plenty of tech is ultimately used in ways beyond the original developers vision., why not?, tried to dm you back, but we are here to cheer for the ipl cricket . Your comedy is one of the things getting us through lol, I am now a working individual at 7 eleven :D, Went to a liquor distributor trade show yesterday. Talk about your Booze Camp..., Made it to TX safe & sound! Job hunting, house hunting, melting in the triple digit Austin heat. Bleh! #ItsHOT!, its early for u aren't u going out, †God + Love = Happiness~BAMM., The resume is on the back of the heashot. They are used for agencies, acting, and modeling. I only act , can't wait to audition for TV shows, do you know if Brian Regan had twitter? You two are the best, yea are u In LA?, My girlfriend got me addicted to skins!, Depends what state you're in......., how was your day?, check out his tweets. he has a contest going on 2 put 3 fans on his site & feature their work or what they do for a living., I'm so tired of your shit., Remember tomorrow's the last day of Exhibits (hours 9am-2pm). Check out the floor for sales, giveaways, & the big wrap-up raffle, Leave alone you guys but sabrina i thoght u knew its tho still love boo, well I've played goalie in broom ball...it's tough., JUST ABOUT FINISHED SHOPPING, Don't blame me for learning from ur mistakes, blame ur self for not standing up again., We buy junk cars! Dollars for Junk Cars will give you cash for junk cars in Atlanta. Just here what some of your happy customers have..., ": I respect both brands as well but has its own page. #imjustsayin">>..well I just added the vault, this is true. Its a good century to be in haha., Currently on the most turbulent flight of my life. If any of you have plans to fly up or down the east coast today, don't., So there's a chance of a LA-NY #StanleyCup Finals...interesting, All refunds have been processed. Email if you dont see refund in couple days., girl I know a dress you can where and we can get you all fixed up!, Go Pirates! I hope they can keep the momentum going. I'd be nice to see them do well, and give us some good news for a change., Thanx! Good luck to you, too!, Happy Monday! It's raining here, but we have a truly ridiculous amount of chocolate in the office, which makes up for the lack of snow. :o), Sometimes u gotta cut da bullshit and get str8 to, it depends when. I got therapy with ol Bryan again. But I'll ask, no wino, YUM!, At magic kingdom <3, Poised Creation is now building our network of non-profit charity organizations to work alongside., fuck her mentally, honestly you should have a blog. Shit is too funny. Might as well I tune in all the time. I'd sponsor it, too bad. i already called loving him more than u. sucker, I just went for a walk with Mom & Dad. I took a big pee in someones yard. OOOOPSSSIEEEEEE. I couldnt hold it any longer., Nothing like a dip in the lake on a hot day in the desert!, The Quick and the Dead? Quicksilver?, RT: : Oprah's last show- What can I say about Oprah that she hasn't already said about herself?, I'd love to see info confirming existing #openaccess publishers can handle the volume and meet ever new requirements. Would be nice, #megabus RT : Just wanted to let everybody I'm sitting in first class. It's Greyhound, but still., Loving life!, The lighting on virgin planes is so...sex. I love it. Black lights make me happy., This will be good celebration-we finally got all inventory rented., Metro, why you gotta make me late to the #TeamPike meeting?, Valentine's Day plans? Order our Dinner for 2 with your EL - Champagne Chicken over Wild Rice Pilaf with Carrots & Salad and Lime Tart - $35, Why does everyone always want free stuff. We should be able to hook you guys up with some killer team deals but no freebies, When I saw that yours was a Kate Spade phone, I looked on Amazon to see if she had other cute ones. She did, a whole bunch., What can you can about the Saturday night game OU vs Texas Tech?, Strawberry Andre and OK Cupid discussions with &, thank you so much Risa! We appreciate your support!, just turn your head and think of computers while it's happening., thanks! I entered last year and nothing. But I'll enter Adopted this year. You read it?, Chicago allergy sufferers: Do you know of any good deals on megapacks of Zyrtec or Claritin D? I need a new stash., I no the feeling <U+E108>, we wanna see this shit., So about 440.00 shipped. That's not bad., bumpin shady 45; 2 pac, if I die tonight, I love it, yo boy H., Dangettttttt! . I have strep!!!!/:, That's awesome. Ka-Chow!, thanks for following any friend of the Blazers is a friend of ours., It's freezing in here <U+E40C>, Check the fridge in Holmes House. No one in will mind if you partake. Saw some brownie pillow cookies in Corner too., Promoting www.houstonpcguru.com/biz, could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please??? <U+E32D><U+E32D><U+E32D>, it is to be expected, I hope you spin your remix of "Sweet Dreams"!, MT : Good pt - perhaps a LinkedIn recommendation? Feature them on your website, you heard what Chuck D said... American Express??? really???, We were gone must of yesterday....dogs are mad and woken up early....licking mento death!, come to Oregon, hahaha I love your mom, Romney got it right there! Santorum is not authentic (but Romney is also not a conservative.), Schools, universities (and libraries?) need to facilitate learning by doing. Mitzi Montoya: Stop divorcing engineering from tech., hear hear!, Last day to post a video telling us why you'd go Mad for an iPad for your chance to win an iPAD 2! 4pm is the deadline, knows how important cities are for our economy and society. helps cities connect globally, thrive locally, Bout to walk outside in this heat just fucked up my day, Olympic Curling, That awkward moment when the sentence doesnt end the way you think it cabbage., They called me "The Jizzaster" on the ol' ultimate frisbee squad., it's the prom one?? YES! SO EXCITED NOW!! (:, Rain for President! RT If I'm elected President gas will only cost 1.25$ a gallon. And sushi will always be half price., Falling asleep with Blink 182 in my ears tonight :), Hehe of course i drew it:) but thank you! Appreciate itt just wanna make it cooler, lol im just used to long walks, I guess. The heat isn't gonna be pleasant though, Time to #PunchIn ... Be about your money mane!!, The one mistake in Bachmann's campaign: MICHELLE BACHMANN!, Not having wifi is killing me!, Watching #Chopped on Astronaut ice cream is one of the ingredients. Chefs making sauce with it. Ew., sweep sweep sweep, Gays weird me out just as much as the next guy but we are wasting time and money in government trying to prevent it., stop tweeting and come drink at my house, my driver has been drinkin CaboWabo!!! no trips to Chi tonite!!!!, When I'm depressed... I look at old pictures of you and I and remember how we used to be.... I miss those times...., so confused abt the crystals, definitely at least give python a try., "Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance." ~John Petit-Senn, and Thanks for the shout out!!!!, I am so ready for summer., Thanks for the interview with Martin Kemp!, The classic bob is timeless., lol cuz your twitter keeps dm'ing me weight loss ads!!!! spam, Yo, bro. Can you talk tomorrow? Around 7 pm your time? We got bigi time biz to discuss., Thanks for the Twitter mentions., &#39;Anti-alcoholism&#39; drug cleared for use in France, Twitter account hacked, do not open DM from , it will continue to spread!, #firstworldproblems RT : Wearing Swarovski-crystallized underwear is highly NOT recommended when doing abs at the gym., Ca..Ca...California The Bitch, Sigh. Rein in blood. xo RT it's "reins". <hearts>, My anthem lol thank you bitch oh & WHERE'S THE, AWESOME! Love the tweet. How'd it go? RT : Yup! is dropping in new windows today - whole house baby!, Partying all Summer. :P, Correction: June 19 release. Can't a guy get some reliable information on the internet anymore?, the good side to snow: we can wear our new Christmas jackets and try out the Christmas sleds. Drive safe :-), I've been watching Courera and have actually signed up for a short summer course to get a sense for it! Very interesting., Occupy Attorneys will be on WORT (89.9FM) at noon tomorrow with me. Call in with your questions 256-2001., if u are in twitter now call me mena going to pick up ask him were he is let me know, #quotes The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else., Grammy's start with prayer... that's a good idea, Bard no-hitter gone in 2nd. Might as well go home., +10 for the reference., Good point RT Red + blue = purple...a bipartisan color!, yes sir and my bad it's 6 HR's...., What did you enjoy? RT : Had a great lunch today, Can everyone go and like all of his videos. He is so cute and so amazing too. Wow, lets get him noticed. Ok? Thanks <3<3<3<3, Awww WE LOVE YOU TOO!! and we'll see you on our skype date ;), How about the new background?, Thanks to for following! :), didn't go to school today., Ive played angry birds but I dont see what the fuss is all about. You are not missing anything! :-), Good Morning... Happy Sunday *fun-day*, I would do anything to be able to just go run, :) thank you! RT : I'm glad I came too! (: Haha. You guys are really talented!! You guys killed it yesterday!, Ask Mann if he supports gay marriage. MT : I'm going to interview the finalists...what do you want me to ask them?, A rep from Wisconsin made negative comments about Michelle Obama saying that she had a big butt and should be telling us what to eat. WOW!, I wish I had a kitten, but I'm allergic :(, Oh well , too fucking bad!, Not to self: just because I don't have to be at school by ten, doesn't mean I don't need an alarm., followed by satan, not all guys r gross., Well in that case, I feel better. You know manipulating the 99% causes panges on conscience, Somebody point me to the best ass eater., "Genius is eternal patience." - Michelangelo, who cares...yum yum yum, FACEBOOK MAKES ME SO LOST!, I just saw Brandon Bryant at the grocery store! So awesome! I wish I could have said hi!! Merry Xmas!, word but I really miss her, many think lol - lots of love, Why would you say that TO ME I'm a true mahomie from heart., Love it JT! What's next?, I was WONDERING when you were gonna get that thing finished..., This week is going to be crazy busy but extremely exciting at the same time. Can't wait to sing at Carol of the Lights on Sat!!, Yea your the only person I know from outside of Florida that want us to win lol but i wanna see OKC win it in the West, I'm attracted to intelligent women. So..., We've got the Milwaukee Mandolin Ensemble here next Monday night at 7:30. All ages, no cover and 1/2 price bottles of vino!, that's the attitude. if you can buy the most expensive thing in there REAL casual and be ON THE PHONE when you do it., Watching infomercials on mute is highly entertaining. The presenters are very expressive. Notice it more when you take their words away., Singing around the piano is what we do best. Right &, Raymond Felton won't be able to follow up on one of his best games of the year. Will miss Tues. game vs OKC due to family reasons., It has gotten a lot better in recent years - the micro usb port is more and more becoming the standard, aside from iPxxxx devs, plz go follow she follow back ;D and i will follow you too :D, Thank you for playing in Nashville for our Preds! We'd love to see more of you around here. :), You guys realize that Fielder is only 5'11", right? Not exactly NFL height. Love him on diamond but not gridiron., #YouNotUglyBut your upper lip need that touch up one time., and will be at the #FutureofPD Conference on Friday. Follow this handle for their discussion and to participate@, I'm off to the heart of Rust Belt Chic, the amazing , to meet some writers., Sounds great to me! Hit me up with what you think., Thanks! You too!, About to watch a bird banding demo at the, sure. meant that comprehensive strategies to integrate many aims better than corridors designed with 1 problem in mind., yes please! You and Cam need to come swim sometime soon too. The pool is open:), LMFAO AT MY LAST TWEET! BTW I DIDNT TWEET THAT!, Don't be a "GOMO".... Gomo= A person who goes through the motions. Work your process & celebrate the grind., yep boneless wings are like 40 cents., finally the sounds of snow plows again! Was worried its was time to start biking again!, t Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 514: Bar that will serve the Caipirinha prepared with Cachaça Velho Barreiro, Early morning, 1 year guys wow,and were not going anywhere<3, #thegaylife gotta love it(:, Love how the whole TNT crew "hopes the league doesn't suspend Rondo" why so we can have more players hitting officials?, 2 more days til kills it in Duluth. Bring on the beerfest!, You can use selective Twitter status through FB or I think there are some others that do it automatically just search FB, Happy Halloween! Be safe everyone..., I went Vincent Jackson over Demaryius Thomas but it doesn't matter. Stafford, Megatron, Shady & Aaron Hernandez put me in the Super Bowl!!, This is a must see for sure. Please tell me you're youtubing it for us sad souls that can't join u there. ;-), I wish I could match more... Very cool idea., Office Space is on The Comedy Channel., I know i have been extra active online today...3 ipad3 spamtweets just came in, Boyfriend: I wasn't that drunk. friend: Dude you asked your girlfriend if she was single. O.o, Nice. Doing my taxes used to be easy. Now it's complicated., is it rude to tell ur guest that there's no kids allowed at the reception?, #Loud N tha studio, sarah can you follow me please (:, Some ppl just go thru life, some ppl go HARD!, . album is sounding sick, lovin it, especially that untitled track., no, cavemen didn't follow daylight savings time. #paleo :-) :-), niall and you are so cute togetherr! fuck the haters, theyre just jealous! :), Tip - Use the google trend tool to find hot topics, then build FB pages around it & market products to them - Easy income, Good Morning! What a beautiful day! Too nice to stay inside! Wonderful time to go and listen to T. Gozney Thornton at Sealy Flats tonight!, Gospel Concert Sat. Nov 13 @ 6 pm. Donate food items or paper products for admission. Benefits Operation Love & Fire Rescue Houses., Today we received in the mail: Dawes tickets, Kennedy Center theatre tickets, and Keane tickets… we are an awesome couple., Need to have a BBQ...to nice outside, S/b "sometimes the electricity works--bring flashlights" RT : Connecticut's new tourism slogan is "Still Revolutionary." Thoughts?, RT: N life they say u live and learn so y do ppl do the same stuff but looking 4 things 2 b different, FREE admission today and tonight for South First Friday! See the TECHStyle Art Biennial exhibit - a fusion of technology and textiles., what??? maybe a lil, That would be interesting as hell though. No, graphically I expected more from all of the previews. What's with the drab colors?, sending you some love! That's all :) hope ur well friend!!!!!, I don't mind hahaha I was just saying., I think the Nook will work for libraries - it's the easy pdfs that are the big advantage for academics., Happy Easter , wish you weren't workin so we could hang today!, David Coleman: We need to distinguish between a careful reading of text (for evidence) vs. rifling through it for evidence, Threatened but not actually shot., It's a nice feeling - open up old project put in NITableModel, delete tons of boilerplate code in uitableview :) cc, I wish people had a mute button..., RT : Are you up for the LIGHTSWITCH® Lager Challenge? Stop by to get a sample of our LIGHTSWITCH® Lager with your order of..., Good Morning and Fuck Clone Clown!!, i will sleep goodnight ;D, I <3 the midday classic MythBusters. Happy lunches! You guys rule. It's worth the super cable package :), It feels so much earlier., Golf Tournament tomorrow.. Time to beat up on some ol' farts, RT : <U+2751> TAKEN <U+2751> SINGLE <U+2714>People play too many games.., I love it when people are like "well first of all" and then don't have a "second of all" u don't need a numerical list for one point., spend it cause I got it, over protective girlfriends., “: We call Harry "Hazza" because he hazza penis nose.”THIS., Glad I have some time until Lacrosse season, This is a must for any book lover or art junkie: Used Book Sale from the MAM's library! Milwaukee Art Museum March 1-4 during museum hours!, the packers have had the lead in the 4th quarter and kept it for 14 straight games, Dedicated something., Showing up to Seder with a hickey and a pinata. Oy., A good conscience is a continued Christmas., Yeah Giants!!, Sent the TV crew for dinner at and to The Rossi for drinks while they're in Columbus to cover #SuperTuesday. Dine local!, Eager doesn't belong on that list. Mayers much better. What happened to Mayers? Rest of list solid., ' Gotta lot of making up to do . . ., Do you flavor your oatmeal with tea? Herbal teas work great for this. Share your favorite tea & oats combo with us!, Get over yourself., Just did an ego google search for "Mahmud" and found out I have my own wikipedia page and also my fb profile is one of the top results :D, Happy birthday, Looking back @ the past year... Lost everything in a business when the economy took a dive. Now starting a new one & facing more challenges, YUP WE GOT YOU GIRLIE!, I'm sorry it's scaring the dogs! Otherwise - great news & THANK YOU!!, Fire UC Davis Police Chief Annette Spicuzza. 35 ARMED LARGE Armored police officers on the scene,, nope never heard of them? Would I like them?, ROBERT! i'm with Robert right nowww^-^, #fans ...please keep greyson and his family in OK. in ur prayers tonight., no problem.... And we the same sign<U+E405>... I use to b in the air force, If tweets us and tells people to follow us (Kingdoms Clothing) i'll buy her album!, more shots ;), my lists are getting enormous-- too much to do!, RT : Need Mario Williams to wear #64 so the #Bills media staff can go crazy with Mario64 graphics/sound effects at the game., HAPPY BDAY HANDSOME I LOVE U!!, HA amazing!, Lmao downloaded the draw something game and someone by the name of suciaa22 adds me to a game lmaoo, reading up on how to be a faculty adviser to a college newspaper. Lots to learn., yalls are older tho. I'll be better off than my wife. Lol. She'll be checking all the time., ICONic Boyz please please please please PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!!<3, My cheeks are really hot right now, Do you love to write? Do you love green fashion? Got 1-2 hours freelance every week to blog? If that’s you pls msg direct with quals - Mike, good morning dreamers .... lets go, holy shit are you serious. UGH COME ON AUSTIN. OR AUSTIN'S MANAGER. BRING HIM BY WHERE WE LIVE ALREADY. ASDFGHJKL., Hope to see everyone out for the show tomorrow at Steak Nina in Finneytown! We will start playing at 10pm. See you there!, See, this is why I'll never be a Seahawks fan. Go #STEELERS!, Dishes are done, fish tank is clean, now to relax the rest of the day until I see Snow Patrol at tonight!, Good morning everyone!! It's looking to be another gorgeous day in LA!!, LOVING 's song "Tonight" <3 :), LOL then again sometimes you should force them if they have a terrible doo :-), I'm following you too! wear your jean skirt tonight!, You know when you see a girl with a pretty face you wanna fuck their face, What's your first tea of 2012? Mine you ask? I went with a Morawaka BOP1!, Have the Packers done anything to fill Collins roster spot?, Spring is around the corner and we've got some cleaning to do. Help us out and get a classic Kingdom shirt for just 10 bucks!..., &#9822; Protect your home, I have seen so many of you niggas girlfriends around my way its a shame, Craving ginger snaps. But not enough to go out and get them., I woke up in absolute shock and horror that it was Monday and a whole weekend passed me by with relatively zero productivity., New issue on the racks and online at www.matc-clarion.com, RT : lets keep eachother posted on any findings! #Nabshow. So far so good, I are not average! RT : None of us are average. Be yourself., highlighting grammar in context in their own writing. Writing prompts that challenge them to experiment with grammar & punct., What song is stuck in your head today?, damn, my lips STAY dry af, Thank God its Friday!!!, nice songs! Loved them!, *hugs u tighter*, Brunch, brunch, brunch...I love brunch! Come get some!, Dont trust anybody, life is safer that way., Clap quick, the immortal child is fast becoming the dead man., Follow me! :D, I just notice that I didn't send not one smiling which is weird !!! lmfao I'm always smiling let me see if I can send u 1, Its such a beautiful day(:, Porsche Mongolian Push Shows Chinese Wealth Heading West, Shopped local nursery today for seeds and plants. Cost just a bit more. Supporting local business is good., Congrats on a great show! Sounds like it was pretty rocking according to the Twitterverse!, seriosly???i'm stay in malaysia...nice to meet u!, I thought cupcakes were the new doughnuts? Are they switching places again?, i concur!, I call bullshit Ref!!!!!!, Oh! That's not Trevor! That's Chandler and Abby Wells! They were at the fair too., Taxes are done! Woo woo!, I am totally anticipating Sweet Potato Casserole, What happened to the cold?, Back at the desk after three days of conference and one day of clearing desk and inbox. Time to write and read and write., I love that I can see the other person's cursor. How about showing the text they have selected too?, River of Lights, better every year..., happy new year!, Thanks for sharing the link., yay! yes, let's do that :D have a great weekend! love you <3, What constitutes good writing encourages participates to join together and to accomplish meaningful things, Amazing. Doesn't get much better than that! RT : Chick-fil-A for confirmation dinner tonight... What's up waffle fries., yo, it's all good. We gonna get up in that ass next time lol, yes! just retweeted some images, or remix?our latest mixtape link is on my profile please check us out...I look forward to hearing from u and working with u, Attn: All men: Please PLEASE stop wearing bandanas! We get it. You're balding. Don't make it worse., We won't run out of oil in our lifetimes but the negative impacts Now are giant and we need to act now for future generations, In other news, here's a headline: "Lada Gaga's Breasts Shoot Fireworks". God, I love 2009., Yeah, I just hash-tagged myself! :P #CristinaCho - oops, I did it again! ;) #ClassicBritneySpears Good night!, To lead people, walk beside them <U+FFFD> As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence, Why do they get a "special" place? That's sexist., cant wait for brand new MEST to come out... Been a while!!!, What is everyone drinking this Friday night???, you wish! Trying to get a certain someone to find me., Any #battlenations players who will let me occupy for BARS?? Help!, Thanks! Big brain-dump sent your way. No need to respond in kind., so bored and too much on my mind, "Going physco! Head first in pussy"!, Fuk the energizer buny ima hot rod mix with a muscle car, why would you want to run barefoot?!, Me and Sam Hewins are Wired from Energy Drinks!!!, Driving thru the thickest fog ever, I'm thinking not since his family had already amassed huge amounts of money!, convince your parents! That's what we did right after playlist live., Indeed. I bet you're excited about the floor!, His last two tweets are about chainsaws and Spain - seems pretty right on to me. Good thing he's not an analyst!, V is for dinosaur! I wish I were French..., i will be 47 this year., my mom just asked me why i tweet you all the time. the answer is cause i will never give the dream up of following me., Couldn't ask for a better person than to spend my weekend with :), The CHOCOHOLIC is back! Chocolate chip chocolate cake, filled with chocolate whipped cream then dipped in ganache! Stop by today!, it was amazing! I hope to blog about it tonight & share some pictures. I love being a wife!, watered 2day and cleaned up, just took tomatoes on ground which was many, 1 zuch, 1 little egg plant, Bitch please. You wished you loved me as much as Iloveyou.<3, Just finished priming the walls in my design house space. I'm covered in white primer!! lol, This Earth's about to swallow our asses. I've got hard hats, flashlights, and plenty of canned tuna if u need some..., Recruiting for a Sr Records Manager for a client in Houston. This position will be responsible for managing a team to execute effective in…, Get a car, fill it with people, take them to Wall Street. GO NOW. Don't hurt nobody. Don't get hurt., had a blast....part like a rock star!, My prayer this morning is to get the Max out of me, Something's in the works!, yep. Scrappy wit good D, I think I'm wasting as much time playing with that zipper on Google as actually working today., Full day of work then hopping to AACC conference + a little WDW Magic! #finally #Springbreak... Well, a little break anyway., To this draft PC 2012 get money stay out of Trouble....please Kirkpatrick my dude.... Allot of top qbs still there and linemen wow....diff, Seeing people change isn't what hurts. What really hurts is remembering how they used to be., just watching wrestling, Your movie was absloutly amazing! You are my role moddel.<3 i cried during your movie & i cant wait to go to your concerts<3, “ My mom asked about my french test so i told her i failed it like a boss #yolo #mylife <U+E405>”, sorry. Im efforting to be best on your team. But,im so sorry. It looks fail. I cant do that right, Does your new 3 to 8 year old line include any new Cow Print gear?, phone died goodnight, Reed, you should have made the top 13, would love a follow back., Our Benefits and Enrollment Department has 6 specialists who complete CalFresh and Medi-Cal applications over the phone--they've done 5,000!, as much as I'm enjoying this banter it makes me wonder y r we so wrapped up in other people's choices., Well, we're kinda back online... sorta..., How do I get at you about a collabo, sounds like a plan..., #JustGetOverIt not all companies are out to hurt you, look at us all we want to do is help., yizzo. Me and my mans tryin hop on camera, Good morning :), 10 days til Allegro performs at the WV Italian Heritage Festival in Downtown Clarksburg WV Sat Sept 3 --are you ready?, Listening to The Game 'The Documentary', i'm not beautiful ! you're the beauty one !!, no problem :), I love that you love Parks and Rec, in Vegas?, Hey everybody On our way to film #2 testimony stay tuned, If you wanna text RT THIS I'LL DM MY NUMBER TO 3 PEOPLE(:, Ugh. We needed that. We're being so impatient today! What the fuck!, The new Architects (UK) album is giving me chills. If you like the heavier side of alternative hard rock, seek this band out., Well I think my PS3 version of MLB.TV is almost up to time!!! Yay me!!, You'll be able to do whatever you want with it. Streaming will be easy to access., Enjoyed listening to answer tweets during last night's win radio broadcast., I still am missy !!!!, If you are still passing notes in class it's time to start growing up., sounds like you'll be ship shape in no time!, Only recently discovered muesli, now most breakfasts have it in some form., Okay I don't wanna be dirty Dan anymore! I'm telling on you, got any suggestions for a great year-end #fundraising email? any new angles?, Just sorted through 2,200 photos for a client...going to be a full weekend of editing!, that was not for you ans was to late to delete tweet sry, ok #Packers pick makes sense, all the prime DLs are off the board except for Upshaw, and he might slide to them in the 2nd, My nieces and nephews are my little valentines today. Auntie is spoilin them rotten lol, I saw her before I read the headline and thought the EXACT same thing., aw no matter what we will always be together OneAndOnly<3, Oh man. That was a close one., God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us. -Romans 5:8, haha you got that right! :), Every day more of our life is in cardboard boxes. Getting ready for our move to PDX., Abby Normal's ?, follow back please :), I had to be the first. ;) Hi!, happy Sunday to you!! :-), going to be approaching 90 degrees for the today's boston marathon. hydrate & listen to your bodies. positive vibes to all!, that you love life and the people around you. Which, I believe., The proof that this marriage was a fraud is that Kris Humphries is white. We need discuss no further., Pow true shit when in a relationship don't do tbh's I see it. Smh. Shit gets real. My girl has every right to be pissed at me lol., Finally having the first drink of the night. Vodka and cranberry juice., all my sexy ladies here on twitter check my boi Legynd out with his new smashing single "she conceidit" ft.Solo /legyndmuzik, #NP Marcos - Just For A Day (Luke Bond Remix), Throw it in the freezer for a min RT : phone is off til it cools off, It's fine, trying to find consensus on industry "best practices" is proving more challenging than I anticipated., If the auto-suggested words rarely match what I am trying to say, does it mean that I speak differently? Keeping this thing on it's toes., Use both hands, baby. *smirks*, “: Honestly, is beautiful.” Aw thanks you're a sweetheart! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, i'm like that with everyone, even people i do know.. idk i hate it meh, anti-social networking, Some days I think "Don't Worry Baby" is the best song ever. So much going on in those two minutes, and it sounds so simple..., Birthday party on May 18! =), right, now I agree, thanks and yeah at the end we got medals and we have a banquet Tuesday, #scms12 reads the sexist code comments in JFK Reloaded: revealing the game as like a snuff film, That's what I was wondering. Alternates?, Richarino with the goal for , extending lead to 6-2 over, Thank you, archivists, for bringing us some MUCH-needed rain! Come back any August!, When it rains, it pours...at least this week! Only good thing is I'm done with school for the semester!, Beer, Burlesque, and Babe (the blue ox) party tonight at the Minnesota History Center! Woo!, Learned on morning jog, listening to David Blight's Civil War lectures: 2 of 5 black men who fought alongside John Brown were Oberlin grads., if he did it'd be nice if he let his business partner know!, Ultimately this will have very little effect on tech patents and Twitter is severely limiting it's rights. Interesting policy nonetheless, A1 Since Day One., I'm reading iPad in dark while the child reads her own book by flashlight next to me. Nerds., okay ashley i just thought id ask, This world so so fuck,ed up, If you can't find what you're looking for, email or call -- both are on the website. I've got some updating to do., St. Patty's Day less than 24 hours away! Better get some sustenance in your belly. Lucky for you, it's Wing Night at TK! 25c wings till 10pm, Agree, but I'm firmly against them drafting any RBs this year, so Polk wouldn't make me feel much better., 88Nine Radio Milwaukee 2012 award winner !!, No problem. Have a good one!, i got 99 cookies 'cause a bitch ate one, I wonder if has one you could borrow?, Home again, Home again, jiggity jig. Thank you! See next Market Day!! (Saturday from 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM) Woo!, done and done! thank you, definitely hope to, I'll be tweeting from #philly #art and #jazz events., Is there something I should know?, Spring is in the Snow! - uh I mean the Air!, You got it! Steve was hosting the Homes for Heroes ribbon cutting and did a great job., well this won't be "the year" again. But will it be THE YEAR?, Its time to make it happen, Velociraptors are capable of intelligence, but not emotion., New Exclusive Hip Hop Instrumental Available Send Your Music To lezalemusic, A perfect method of adding drama to life is to wait until the deadline looms large. ~ Alyce P. Cornyn-Selby, Thank you to all of my new twitter followers!! I hope u all see this!!, Insert fart sound here. RT ": Good luck, Theo. Thanks for the 2 titles.", We are glad you are enjoying the service! Happy New Year!, I don't see why it would hurt to ask. If it's too late, the worst you'll hear is that., I just climbed to the top of a mountain!!!!!, hey now! hey now! this is what dreams are made of!, The world more charity when apple and blackberry just a fruit !!, whenever he needs anotha #1 hit ya girl got some songwriting skills & some classics just for him, Lol going BACK to sears so my mom can buy that tv, How was it? what did you have?!?, When you find Excuse, Never pick it up., Backordered. Damn. Guess I wasn't quick enough., RT : dude it's eden from kansas city's birthday today () do the right thing :), Uh I'm all in, #improudtosay i love and sing their songs in the shower. (:, Thanks for the follow :), The water was pushing the door up I couldnt hold it as strong as I am I reached to what felt like the roof Balled my fist up started to bam., Happy to get in 40 miles this week. Back on track. (no pun intended), Just go. Bring S. Make S wear a fake mustache from the 1970's porn era. Then people watch., Gaborik and that is it, thanks for the love! What skill would you like to share?, Reading the Agile Manifesto again...is quite beautiful. Particularly: "...At the core, I believe Agile Methodologists are really about …, I said he *should* get suspended for 10 days. Still applies. And you are a sycophant. (Go look it up.), #HustlersWantAnswers because all of us are about to kick some Big Time Ass!, I guess someone () doesn't want a house warming gift... *hinthint*, Back in Ann Arbor. And I think I'll actually be here for a few weeks--no more July travel on the schedule. Amazing., HEY... FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER... I ALSO HAVE A FACEBOOK PAGE.. THATS ALEXIS TODD ORIGINAL SUPERSTAR PAGEANT FAN PAGE. LOOK ME UP & "LIKE" PG., Thanks for the follow, we hope you have a great New Year!, Breakfast at Mothers Cafe with my bride for the start of our 11th year of marriage!, Got a great dog from the humane society today. His name is Sherlock. He is a great dog., Happy to say thank you!, “: Thank you for the Retweet:)" anytime!!, Come sing your heart out at karaoke night presented by joanie karaoke. Starting at 9 with $2 well drinks 10-12, What an amazing anayltics tool that I can never stop checking for my personal site, T.G.I.F..got the whole wkd off!, I don't know. I was on Mon-Thurs... and Saturday., Hola Pablo! I hope you are doing well. How's the ABC going?, Was going to comment ON your post, but it doesn't seem to be working for me. I'd agree...but...I have a little dif perspective, #nowplaying "because i got high" - afroman, "smoke 2 joints" - sublime, "legalize it" - bob marley Happy #420 tweeps! Fire up!, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Arkansas, Hello Kirstie: Thank you for the follow and your ideas are extremely interesting below., "There are two great days in our lives: the day we are born and the day we discover why." --- John C. Maxwell., Less than 2 years ago I worked 4 as a stage hand building their stage... Now I'm omw to the Bahamas 2 open up 4 them, Time to find out the new NFL schedule this season on ESPN! GO JAGUARS!!! I hear we're getting a Thursday night game..., Text DYNAMO to 69937 (MYXER) to get Lil Dynamo's content directly from your phone., Cubs won two in a row! Can they make it 3?!, Go Celtics! Hope is feeling better and is rooting for the C's over the Lakers today!!, No problem. =), no, that's not it. It's the combination of the stakes & the historic rivalry coming together. Astros don't have an equivalent., iThink I'm officially addicted to this shit ., commiting from memory, so I don't recall., absolutely AMAZING show last night! Wow, just wow., your computer and Ipod stuff turning off? we me? just kidding XD, #csa12 Reddy: perversity as a limited temporality/zone of emergent practices that cannot conform to cultural forms organizing social sphere, Start with a series of tweets about the dissertation: each 140 characters. Then work up to 300 words from that., time for my GTL session, yeah me too lol, lets see if they prove them wrong!, Nothing against the Prez's current speech-writer, but I think he might want to hire this Abe Lincoln guy. The man makes a lot of sense..., when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!, oww , you can tell me , i promise you i don't tell of more., Doom on this wind, lets get everyone to DL #ExperienceJoeRogan free from the Android Market! RT!!!, yes. Until the end of summer (assuming I get into a grad school). Can we please go out now that you're of age!?, OH YUUS~ sounds like a plan, Is selena going to the uk with juju?!?!!?!, you have pretty pretty eyes Cody!, Proud to be an Aggie. Softly call the muster, Has had "What Makes You Beautiful" on loop like nonstop for the past few days!!! <3 I love :)), you gon be at Tony room again???, Jesus Christ. Stop talking over callers. Even if they are morons, be a professional., Tweeting from the Fall Meetup If you're in the UDistrict stop by!, I love you You're my inspiration, He conquers who endures., Long Time And Add On Time!!!, Followers, how did you feel about Guilty Crown, the love it or hate it show to drop every week? I personally found it to be pretty good., fosho, dude sound guilty tho and slow slow, Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 59, . is reporting lots of votes in the Madison area for GOP candidate but Capitol anti-Walker protester Arthur Kohl-Riggs., There's like no one at work this morning...., In grace something is transcended, once and for all overcome, Speaking of Grantland, Charles Pierce dropped a "Keokuk" in his excellent piece on his time at "The National.", I watched Cheaper by the Dozen 2 yesterday! LOVED IT! So cute :), Damn, that's whack. How does one live life without bananas?, I LOVE People Under the Stairs. I don't think it's scary... just awesome. :) Burn in HELL!!!!! lol, Tune in to East Nashville Radio for some great music!, Began chapsum-ing Devil's Hand by Matt Patterson before I knew what hashtags were. To catch up, I'm re-tweating myself. Is that legal?, same here :'( so sad!, video should win, Attended the Heartland Pro Bono Seminar. Talked about New Child Support Guidelines. The guidelines are complex and in some ways, strict., is your new home in SD? We are looking forward to your visit to see #DomesticDisobedience. Nos vemos pronto?, Girl you got me about to pass out... I'm wondering if cupid gave you ass shots., Iowa Craft Beer Fans: Don't miss out on the at the , much like the awesome at the, #2012LeatherandLaces was a huge success! Great job team!, Did a quick shamanic journey to lessen the pain of my toothache. It worked! The power of intention amazes me., Holy shit... great time at the Pacers Game. Heat got smashed!!!, . And these employees are the most powerless - non-unionized women (housekeepers in hotels, jeez), Q2: Video = Powerful connector/communicator., but its such a monumental day! I just had to tweet about it! Ha, Just seen Wall Street 2 and for fuck sake Carey Mulligan STOP crying in every scene!, Trust in God in the midst of trouble and His Peace will flourish., Only 3 and a half days of school this week , I can do this ., and I thank you for that! Not offended at all., Finished my 12th scene tonight sitting on the beach listening to waves crash ... awesome writing environment!, I try to manage my hormones cuz if I dont I might end up swimmin in somethin ima regret when its done u feel me...yea its that real, Love my babe, finally in bed, mimis time, Would love suggestions on the best blogs in #socialbiz What do you read?, 714 <U+221E> the one that dances. they're all perfect. IB- Jason <U+E32A>, I'm to lazy to finish spamming., on screen literary cabaret: Are we doing what's right for children or Microsoft?, I have a friend This Chef deserves his own cooking show. He is all personality., Why is it so hot in here?Curse you AutoShop >.< 10moreMin &we're out of here, Why did the monster dye her hair yellow?To see if blondes have more fun., Good Burger > xD, Opening day for baseball. Cubs are going 162-0 starting tomorrow, looking forward to the tweetup this afternoon HAPPY Friday!!!, “: Is tunein radio having issues?” Apparently offline., I have a friend who saves every time the song he's listening to changes., Another no-surprise is Pagano becoming new DC, Our client, a global law firm, is seeking a Knowledge Manager in NYC! Familiarity with knowledge management technologies, document managem…, A5: great the league is spoke up. Need to do this MORE w/ FAN ISSUES. Fan violence is a huge issue too and relates here #sbchat cc:, that would be a negative haha her butt freaks me out It's TOO big :(, lol I know u are mate, Whoa! I totally didn't know The Four Seasons sang "December, 1963." Total DERP moment! O_O, We hope you come back too! :), one more goodluck before the haters jump in. Really wish #bbn had ya good luck, Oh I get it... Yea he need to go ahead and sign the check RT Rick Ross @ somebody name Collin Gibson I got geeked.., We want to say congrats to - for helping spread the word, you won a $50 Sephora GC! (cc ), its super secret right now but you'll be the first to know:), I am gaining interest in building something similar for a (future) Windows 8., i love that the window is clearly visible behind her., As long as you promised to drink a ton of water first I'd eat a box of Cheezits that you've peed into. I love them that much., where are you? Is there a theater in between we can meet at?, Pretty awesome April Fools Day joke (I hope) by 'Adblock' extension... all ads in my browser are now replaced by cats., RelationSHIPS sink when they have too many passengers., Speak with love, respect, and empathy. That's what I learned from Dr. King. Is your goal to unite or antagonize?, Looking at Apercu for a walkerart.org redesign – any plans for Typekit/other? (Fontdeck doesn't offer a font we need), Russell M. Nelson~ We were born to die and we die to live. As seedlings of God we barely blossom on earth we fully flower in heaven., I'm going to get in your face about water today. I'll just tell you now., "In Global HR, all things are not equal." Tina Ragland. Virginia SHRM Conference, D'aw, thanks., You know what time it is? Timmy time!, lonely and confused.. as usual., what up curbed! Any upcoming events coming up we can help out with?, See you there! RT : I'll be there for a bit before heading over to tonight's city council meeting., Na I feel like gettin my point across, one way or another, why not??, i need dope., "it's at big deal", oh nice dude I've never been there :( and just have some faith I already got all of my credits!!, Children: Spend the first 2 yrs of their life teachin 'em to walk and talk, then spend the next 16 yrs tellin' 'em to sit down and shut-up, Sunburnt like hell...at least has to drive today, make sure to follow Seattle's original car service founded 2006 specializing Ballard, belltown cap hill. Industry bar favorites., Looks like its going to be an early night tonight!, omg f i cant beilve i can bread my hair omg, 'Wait Til You See My Smile' super loud on headphones taking a walk in spring weather. the drums come in.. AAH!, all in one room!, Look at you tweeting!, Dave all the way!, i remember, being the worst kid on the block...and turn out just above ok, Did my power walk n it felt good now i keep on forgeting that im out of coffe ok ill sit back n drink tea as i look at fox11news ..., because were gonna make giant dinasaur chicken nuggets and kick people :), Decided to take today as recovery after a decent session with the ever improving ! Watch out mma scene gbelite is comin for you!, Two coveted front row $100 VIP table tickets just became available for Saturday's Gladiators Cage Fighting in Milwaukee. (414) 967-7767., I have finally joined the world of birds..., From Midlothian area...no troubles with FIOS here., Our airport shuttle driver's name is Adolph., thanks for the support! ;), just got off of work wbu!(:, Back at work after a week's vacation! Have a story idea? Send them my way! Thank you!, Missed the editorial on Waldorf Education in Madison on today? Its airing again at 2 pm! Tune into 89.9 FM!, you beat me! Cheers!, come back to LA ! You need to go to the beach down here!, I just had a short dream that I was on da Oprah Show, and she sd (In My Oprah voice) U Get a Car, U Get a Car!! Then I woke up, YOU CALLED ME TODAY?., Lolololol RT : The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck., RT you can only rent violence, Ride-On!, I hate it when tall people wear heels. Way to make me feel like an ant, #THATS TH TRUTH WHEN I SAY HOW I LOVE ND FEEL ABOUT YOU, I know me too :) I miss you, Steve Guy and representing the show and running karaoke at Euclid Tavern tonight!, We pray for patience with baby boomers who told us to go to college and criticize us for taking out loans to do it., LMFAO the way i just came at him >>> xD, Read that the MLA International Bibliography of Publications has info on acceptance rates, but profiles not showing that info. Where to now?, my boyfriend is a huge nerd. It's pretty hot., Partying at my boss' tonight.... She better have AC >.<, oh wow this sounds perfect! What a life-saver. Thanks for the advice, a trip to this spa is in my future for sure, “: Keep it #1Hunnit or keep away from me.”, EVERYONE please follow my friend she will follow back, I promise. pleasee?, :) It was beautiful!!!, Character counter not only inaccurate but also my DMs are blocked, incorrectly flagged as over 140., R.I.P to the legendary whitney houston you will be among us for ever through your music, Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 26, #IfDrakeWasOurTeacher "student how did you do that" Drake bitch i made it ., New Portland radio station... 1059thebrew.com, drink a ton of #CraftBeer of course, Ok, my gym can take down the "Missing Member" picture of me. I'm back., Saw A hot guy running outside my window... ...FRIDAY WERE SEARCHIN CP, what are u talking about lmao. YOU'RE CRAZY!!!, those are hard to find, yeah no kidding. Thanks for transferring and being wisconsin's 1st legit qb in a....forever, Singer Marc Bolan would have turned 64 today. He died in a car accident in 1977., I hate March madness cuts into, At #Ford dealer for oil change. Usually like wandering #Mustang row, dream a little while waiting, but not good #ROC day for it., someone's finally teaching me that :D x, My art is first ministry to myself; then to others., Bot 7: King 2, Churchill 2. Gm 2. Churchill leaves leadoff single on base. B. Niederhofer just misses the chalk on a potential 2B., Love my mommy :) glad she's safe and sound in Florida. Thank you for all of her angels this week!, The company is a division of farmers insurance they had bought it a few yrs ago., In my ¦, I know who won "Compassionberry" " ...I didn't have a chance 2 beat an ailing Bret Michaels! #littleturncoats LMAO, First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-, This chick said my ass was too big pahahaha!!! Girl f*ck you, yo flat ass and yo sagging ass titties... smh, One thing to test ur anger management skills is getting stopped by 356 stop lights. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A5>, Good Morning Beauties! Inner quote: Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.-Marie Curie Enjoy your day!, The Kings Of Leon's 'Talihina' Trailer Has Us Thinking ..., Thx 4 the love baby good morning back to you;) Muah! RT Shout out to, Would you ever text during an interview?, “: The role of a pastor's wife is to love her husband and pray for Him. ”, ": Edward isn't a vampire, he lives in the forest, he doesn't eat people, and he sparkles. He's obviously a fairy.", Not yet. We need to get there I know!, that'll b dope.. and film it.. include a dvd, In the kitchen today: Cabbage soup, pumpkin bread, key lime & habanero cheesecake. M., cant wait!!!!, "Muffin Cap Back Blue!" - Kevin Heart, RT : Inspired by CDC Weight of the Nation #WON12 to talk about ways #afterschoolworks to reduce Obesity at, um *raises hand from back of classroom* I'd like 'Yes' people, please., Day two!, Your site gives this error: "504 Gateway Time-out" FYI, no way dude pittsburgh is way worse, Always happy to share what few nuggets of wisdom I possess., What up Andy got to be Vicent Corleone GodFather I I like Terry Bendict but He killed it as Vincent, Holy cow the Holiday World & Outdoor Adventure Rafting tickets sold out FAST this morning! Check bk Mon mornings @ 9 for a new allotments., but.... would u b shocked 2 know how heckled I got when the cashier said gbread latte instead of 1 pump o' gbread soylatte, yeah. It's porn., great! By all means use your voice. That is how I stay Catholic. I just speak as an insider to confront heirarchy's homophobia., what song?, We played the shit out of that show! Thanks to everyone for being there for us, we <3 you., This is the worst. My car alarm won't stop. My clicker broke. Now waitting for assistence., Will be heads down in PVD working on exciting things. <3 ATX (home for past 3 years). Grab a bite Have fun!, ugh i know. he's a bloody guy and he's still prettier than me., Valerie's Family/The Hogan Family or Silver Spoons or It's Your Move?, What are with all these random creepers followin you on, Watching the injunction hearing re: budget bill etc. Strangely compelling. Judge very good, not "activist judge", #teamfaber all the way, My left hand Perming my hair, OH yea lady, werk those Uggs! CLEARLY it's snowing outside.., Here's hoping you make par all day long! Have fun, wish I was out there., Injury bug!, Who's excited for our interview with ?! I'll be posting it in about an hour!, THAT WAS AWESOME! THE RING IMPLODED!, Can someone have success when those around him don't believe in their vision? Side note: Most success was brewed out of spite., nothing much, wear red or green ;), Yes, among many. RT : An emergent one among many... RT : "Journalists like are the new gatekeepers.", It was that feeling of being special & 'worth it' that I think everyone felt empowered w/ yesterday. We're all beautiful humans!, I assume this means I can give you your s/o for being expelled now?, Thanks for the RT!, What If im not in SF.. can we still sext?, Oh girl is a world chick...kiss me when the job is done...100K we done came up/, That last tweet was dedicated to Kimye and Co., Now if i had a gun....... BITCHES better be runin'!!! lmfao, I love Sonus, True. Btw I'm thinking of going to Joint Conf of Librarians of Color. From what I see, at least they have interesting panels., Dang it we missed the breakfast !!!!, The other "@" was to tagg you in it too, me 2. Philly will be tough this year, Thank you cards 24-48 hours after say important things about you, Being hoarse was what I was hoping that it would help., are you a model or starting to model?, great article on the Mozart playlist...now I can pick and choose the tracks off the Mozart Greatest hits CD my mum gave me., it's just this once, Electrolux and Artisan Agreement Marks First Step in North American Licensing ... - Exec Digital (press release), 10-year olds maybe... Seniors who are playing in 60+ leagues, 30 Rock, , and all get 13 episode season next year and then cancellation., #PrivatePractice, you've made me a basket case! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>, Anyone else at Mutemath at HOB tonight?, feeling overwhelmed after writing my #todolist for tomorrow... ugh how am I gonna pull this off, Tks for the RT! Sometimes the quick solution isn't the best (or right) one. Let's wait and see..., do we know what kind of brain tumor the patient had removed? what texture & color was it?, In a tense social situation, many with #SocialPhobia fear they don't have the necessary social skills to successfully navigate the exchange., fun seeing u on the road yesterday! Isn't that the SAME spot we passed each other last time??, happy big old landmark of a birthday young man!, I don't fuck around with my face. And fuck your opinion about that., Sixteen Candles <3, I'm sorry, Now your just somebody that I use to know., Has anyone done H2O Bootcamp @ Princeton Club? Is it a workout or water ballet?, Sorry to drop in , but you crack me up on #30rock. Your sarcasm makes my day. Gracias., I have no clue where it came from, but I've been laughing all morning!, is big-name art done by assistants a lasting trend? Where does the "hand of the artist" come into play or end?, uh...snow? where did that come from?, Best song of 2011?, More chances for a FREE rental coming soon.....Stay tuned!, Sport the olde english D, Working with the best #tile & #stone suppliers in the business makes it easier to achieve beautiful designs. Thanks again!, There is so much aggressive male pants removing happening here right now. These dudes have more testosterone than Alistair Overeem., #FresnoDLD I had everyone jump to a google doc to respond . . . Thanks, you!, Don't miss FuseBox Theatre: The Craigslist Show - this Saturday at 8pm at Cafe Coco. 2-for-1 tickets at fuseboxtheatre.com/secret, how yu been?., Started from the begining and made it to end..."with all them eniemes that started off as friends", RT If you stay ready, you won't have to get ready!, You have to pay for BBC somehow! :) When I lived there, I got it waived as a "diplomatic employee", Everyone follow my instagram my usernames collerrblhynd DO IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!XD, Hey all! Sorry...I just got home from the Nobel Peace Laureate summit. CPS students played a big role today!, It is kind of sad thinking about life...it's much better living it... instead thinking about it......, When a girl cry, please don't ask her questions. Just hug her tight and let her know everything is going to be okay., Thanks Jen-You too and congrats on the great start to - we inventors surely appreciate all yalls hard work!, How About You Stop Being Stuck Up !! So Stfu !, How are you feeling today? Good, right?! RT : ok. starting right now. in the studio. :), Haven't done CIF, but the SkyTower at SeaWorld is pretty cool and a little cheaper., lol it's ok, she's someone else's problem now. If I could reprogram my teenage daughter I'd be set. Lol, i am taken. Lol., Saw #LevitatedMass unwrapped today from the surrealist exhibit at Even with grey skies, it sparkled!, 99% : So... what are the chances that The Dark Knight Rises opens above The Avengers?, lmao that's awesome!, #FF and (best wine shop in Chicagoland) you should listen to what they say!, I'm gonna guess thyme, Yes, the entire reason I moved to NYC was because of how bad the Padres were ;-), especially with me being a foodie & constantly seeking non-chain restaurants, I'd say that the algorithm failed, : Sure, but be prepared to receive pixs of my elementary school on Kadena AFB. And Okinawan slugs., that's great. Where can I get one?, #wod2: Pilates at with, Haha I am!, will get you some info asap :), In the doc's office to find no appt. Efficiency at its best. It's cocktail hour somewhere., you are seriously just a walking twitter ad, aren't you? :-), Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by simply walking out of it.", where is this loft located? I have a customer looking for a 3 bed loft space!, No Liberals No Democrats No Biden, "Forget the times of your distress, but never forget what they taught you." - Robert C. Gallagher, It is really fun listening to #Cubs games, 3-0 winning in the eighth, now 3-3 bottom 10, error on sac bunt, first and third no outs., If erection last longer than 4 hours get medical help or jus go rod some shit out, nearly done wit ma project but I still have 2 do my maths, guess I can forget about the extra tree for the spare front bedroom, Bah humbug!, Is it CRAP? Evaluate web sources on Currency, Reliability, Authority, and Purpose., Hope you are having a great week!, Liam and danielle(:, After weeks of wrestling with material for collaborative piece, one face-to-face meeting totally cracked it., ha no prob. Let me know if you need anything else, enjoy!, WIN a pair of FRONT ROW Giants tix on the Giants dugout. Check us out Thursday nights Twang! Presented by Paul Hayward, Table data and mobile layouts just do not mix., Going bonkers for codekit. Thanks for the recommendation , &, where have you been? The twins miss you!, Brohyde Photo shoot Saturday 1pm doin it like we do!!!, TIBP thanks for proving yummy food for our annual gala on November 3rd in support of arts education!, Last day in the #archives with the Natalie de Blois papers before a nice week at Cape Hatteras with old friends., i think i might just give this account to helen for... reasons. lol idk though i have attachment issues so idkkk!, Each small but negative decision seems harmless at the time, but before you know it the droplets have collected and turned into an ocean., Lol. Oh wow! We need to get office jobs together boo!!, Lmfao!! I get it:p RT : Eric's right arm is bigger than his left!.. E hahaha!, Have you ever had happy hour at work? Shhh... I won't tell., Happy Birthday to the best 2 year old I know... Kaya Breckyn. So excited to celebrate w/ her and !!!!, I thought the #foursquare "hangover" badge was a sxsw badge, Republicans are calling their small business friends and asked them to stop hiring., Love the idea of connecting and sharing!, Nice.. So what you up to today?, Military families have to deal with a lot during wartime. Dealing with today's murders will require a lot of love and prayers from all of us, I'm so cool now, Of course it's wrong to go to college to avoid responsibility, but that shouldn't stop you from doing it., Thank you!, #THIS => RT : Tweet me your questions about life and I'll write back! <== great tweets. Check out, The weather is terrible for #earthday2012, but more quality time to reflect + debrief on an awesome weekend, i know me too ! BUT I had to go do my thaaaaaaang.lmao where were you tho !?, cough syrup on glee <3, "I'm fine" -All pissed off girls, It's a perfect morning to walk home from the mechanic!, Last night I was on my bed with my cuz, It was kinda dark, I got up & tripped over a basket that in knew was there, I like fell, MAD funny., Hi, I like your style.., oh fuck yea let's strap those four wheelers on go for a little slate with NAJEE, Happy Hump Day! Don't hump too hard...lol :-P Texts will be ok! 304-612-2469 that air feels so good today! Day 3...8 more to go!, I should have done this sooner. But I need a quality photograph of Barney Rosset for framing. , any idea where I can get one?, Boring as fuck! :/, I'm So Tired of Flirting I need a Serious Relationship I Feel no one is out there for me, That old ass game LOL RT : I wanna play Crash Banditcoot., - please call box office for details on this - (415) 885-0750. Thank you!, Had a great day #Christmas shopping! Can't wait to listen to the #Hanson Christmas album & wrap presents!, Saw the brochures for the McGraw residency at Darien here at UW's LIS school. Made me smile :), what app is that?, Dude! Awesome pics for, #20ThingsAboutMe I hate that I'm so lazy. It makes me worry and over think my future., have you filled out a bracket?, Nothing wrong with liking both teams and loving that #LAisTheBasketballGauntlet right now., So im not goin, [sing with me] "How do you solve a problem like Scalia?", Second that! RT : It's gloomy out. I want to nap., better have an amazing birthday <3, My works bathrooms always smell like fresh shit.., what's the configuration that enables me to call down a swarm of ribots? and is that called a ribotdos or a ribotdotting?, www.risenmagazine.com: illusionist Danny Ray, artist Shepard Fairey, runner Mark Creer. Share Risen cuz we’re just getting warmed up., YES!!!! You are amazing... i finally have my female role model! THANK YOU!, I was just gonna say that D;, What's making you guys unfollow me?, I was trying to get a reservation for Friday around 8pm.. nothing on open table... anything you can do? i was dying to go!!!, There are some noteworthy projects though. Will need to look then up and tweet them forward tomorrow., "Brazilian Hooligans Love Bruno"? Oh. I thought ALL hooligans love Bruno. No one is better. We all support the same person. .______., MT : Frmr Press reporter RT : Follow for live updates from Occupy Oakland. Shit is exploding, really? Lol good... Think we should probably get engaged and married sometime you know just a thought, Thanks Shaun!, They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck., thx hope everything is ok, :( I think you are amazing, Is something going on with Livingston?, I like to see the girls im vagina twins with Haha, one of your best tweets ever., Thanks Teresa:-) The blog is pretty new but I'm having fun with it. Glad you stopped by to visit., Come back to planet Earth, Gosh! Her act like a Monster!, Bought not one but TWO living social deals today. So much for staying under budget this month..., hey you must be a parking ticket cuz you got fine written all over you:P, If you are looking for power out of that group I'd roll JD Martinez or Smoak depending on your need at a position., Wow my dad Just ditch Me to go to a party ugh...... Oh well going to the bar with my cousin then:))), 15hrs will qualify you for this weeks $2500 freeroll, come on downa d get working on your hours =-), You're too kind. Thanks so much!! I promise to tweet pics while I'm there. Enjoy the rest of your night xox, r u single?, I SWEAR EVERYBODY TWEETIN BOUT #OLIVIA HYPOCRITICAL YAW CALLIN HER A #HATER BUT STEADY HATIN ON HER DONT WATCH DA SHIT! ION GOT NO, My Newest track will be released TONIGHT!, thank you very much, Just saw my neighbor drive there car into the side of the garage. To funny!, things i did over break: had surgery, ate a lot, and watched a TON of movies. it feels good to be productive again!, this morning's theme song? Band of Horses - The Funeral, RT : why thank you. Any relation to A Bird of the Air? :)“: i watched #abirdforlife and enjoyed it., thanks! Never used it before so I will give it a try, Never invest money in anything that eats or needs repairing. ~ Billy Rose, big test today wish me luck?, D'oh! Memphis low is warmer than Chicago's high temp of 47 degrees. Thinking twice about leaving, Agreed. I have to admit these things looked tempting recently, despite my better judgment. No more-too good to be true always is., Great night @ Playhouse now time for Z, Only 1 hour until the autograph signing with Morgan Pressel! Come on over to the Merchandise Pavilion to meet Morgan!, Doors are open for ! See you in the arena., Save your heart for somebody that leaves you breathless not somebody who suffocates you with there bullsh-t., eel river!, LISA!! You are freaking me out on #CelebApprentice so different then I would have expected., I love Franks!, #AlliWant is a boyfriend honestly I don't ask for much, and my standards for a guy are pretty low so it should have happened by now :p, iron supplements make u constipated! I take iron thru my dialysis once a week, Q.6 What's on your culinary wish-list this year? just looking for stainless popsicle molds!, Amazing show tonight! Thank you!, Any chances on writing a book?, Just saw Miami leaving the Crescent heading to practice, wanted to give Lebron the finger... but were classy in Dallas.. Take note Lebron, Follow your HEART but take your BRAIN with you., Disney Princess Paper! Take two! Cranking out the rest of this baby while I'm some what sane., is it sad I could see show costing Cena the match so he can get his job back?, sorry to hear your story. What we can do is help recognize and spread the word on the great innovations happening in our state, I'm introducing people left and right to the Doritos tacos thing at taco bell like crazy, Looking forward to meeting Dwight Childs at tonight's Mudcats game and taking his bat off his hands., You don't HAVE to go to every day of Sasquatch if you don't want to, but you can buy single-day tix to BShoot & not Sasquatch ;), Hearing the learner/alumni stories always make me tear up. That is why we do what we do, WE PRODUCE TV COMMERCIALS MUSIC VIDEOS IMAGE PIECES WEBSITES 2 FIT YOUR BUDGET we have a program to fit you!!!!, And it starts all over again <3, if only I knew! You just have to learn to not give fuck. Just know who to really trust is all., I wish people could hear what is happening in my house right now., hey Mike do you have an email that I can contact you with?, Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal. - Thomas Jefferson, So freaking hungry! But I'm going to starve myself for a couple more hours. Food disappears in under 10 minutes.. not a pretty sight! lol, I must be someone great in God for the obstacles are great on every side, but I trust GOD!, plz disregard that last tweet........ i blame the weed, Windows 7. Moot point. :), I will have to google this!, ... help digital humanists get credit from their universities for participating in new media. But, it is also meant to ..., dead serious., Shandy - a beer mixed with citrus-flavored soda, carbonated lemonade, ginger beer, ginger ale, or cider., wanna play @ The Orphanage?? contact us =-) david, Kiss me, I'm Irish (:, My wife's birthday is today and I ate way too many cupcakes. I can't move. Maybe I shouldn't eat for another week., i be Killing my lil bro Powerpoints... ok to sleep i go now... hope he happy, mine is up to date, last done in 2010. :), I remember when I saw that on pay per view on a double bill with Hollow Gate way back some Halloween. Good stuff!, But who really knows, 2010 got beat by a smaller WVU team with a fat point guard. Wall and Bledsoe should have been able to drive., Success means different things 4 different people...but is a mutual goal 4 us all. Value the path that leads u there, winding roads & all!, loved your latest blog post. It would be great to connect. Any way I can pick your brain over the phone/skype next week?, Veronika is making DEATH BY CHOCOLATE VEGAN CUPCAKES!! should be in the case by 1:00 today., we forgot to say (excuse our tardiness), thank you for the encouragement. Glad you enjoyed the panoramas!, Plus doing a bake sale at the local "market days" in a couple weeks. What are your bake sale secret weapons? What's hot in your area?, Happy MLK Day everyone. Like this if you have the day off!, Hey ip twitters, I have $20 in prof dev monies to spend on apps for class/research. What do you recommend?, Maybe if i could stop thinking about how good things used to be, I might be able to have the strength to leave..--, Thanks for the follow & I wish that'd be awesome show to take my Dad to, I also was very excited about the date yesterday!, bet has more total blocks, just cause honor will be shooting all day, Heroes are the people who do what has to be done when it needs to be done!, I'm holding out for the 1D version. Just a line across the screen., yo j dot my lil homie been a fan for a minute. Send him your email to shoot you some tracks., Wake up !, If i could delete you from my life, that would be amazing..., Happy Friday!!, Gary, really worked fine---Pam was overwhelmed w things, really would like to have you at the house 4 dinner sometime as well!, Ron Artest is gonna perform!, only thing ya all are shooting are those scrambled eggs, and packing.. well thats another story., Now you're talking my language (you can take the boy out of Long Island, but you can't take Long Island out of the boy), haha alright another time bro., Greetings Naptown...JC aka 'the Other man' in for 'The Loverman' Jerry Wade this week...time to relax starts ....now, bitchimfrom.com “: For those asking about my shirt in the Cypher <---”, Congratulations to the #Mavericks - 2011 NBA Champions!!! #Dirk #JasonKid U both deserve it!, ¢The more the heart is nourished, with happiness, the more it is insatiable. -Gabrielle Roy, With a shrinking job market, is it OK for higher ed institutions to train more and more students to go into an overcrowded field?, ya omg, Anyone seen a good movie lately?any recommendations?, who knew there were so many #effin hills in the #cardiotheatre !!, if you need to confirm yr self-worth, observe others at the atlanta airport, reaction of looking shocked the the #zags missed wide open 3's to lose the game. Bigger disappointments ahead for OSU., I'm on my shit I'm rich b***h, Phelps is phenomenal. Number 8. Wonder if anyone will still be watching the Olympics now that he is done., Good Morrow Lady Heather ... and You're More than Welcome.., and ill never 4get when we tried to wash Lady after my mom went to take a nap and said if we woke her up she'd kill us violently, happy memorial day weekend you guys ,with love er, Now I am ready to eat with my fat ass, Great guess, just a tad high -- Produce % of Foodbank distribution guess #TriviaTuesday RT : - 40%, haha read your mind like always :D u think im not even tho u kno we always have twitter LMAO n the concert too! ^.*, hiding?? hyd means "how you doing" lol, The work schedule is all kinds of fucked up right now, Hot waitresses at mojitos 437 esplanade. And frenchman. Live jazz. Tonight. Rum bar food too, now live in Spain, but in summer I live in Los Angeles... in Long Beach :), thanks for the follow Napa Wine Country San Francisco, Know a Pittsburgh college student interested in Marketing or Graphic Design? Have them e-mail for the fall!, we never talked. lol but u know how serra was. 08 stucc together sophomore year, that means i gotta to Canada all the time!:), Absolutely. Throw the Sharks in too., oh okay thanks i will !!! n_n, YO!!! DM ME YA EMAIL...I GOT A TRACK THAT I KNO Y'ALL WILL LOVE PRODUCED BY ME, AND I CAN HEAR RICK ALL OVA IT..., Ruling on Transformers: Too many robots. Too much George Lucas-esque tomfoolery. Still beats Terminator Salvation hands down., haha aw, I have my nerd days (x & yes I hate advanced ! Lol, aw don't stress, you will do just fine!(:, I guess the refs got paid off on that shit, **REMEMBER if you REFER a FRIEND, you'll RECEIVE $8 bonus bucks to use towards FREE TANS, UPGRADES, and LOTIONS!**, This rum toddy + Advil is effectively numbing the pain in my throat. However, the cold is turning me into a crotchety, short-tempered SOB., Right back at ya! Have a great Friday!, #AwkwardMomentWhen you realize you've been spelling a word wrong your whole life., man what is up with that tanning lady from NJ.???? f'n weird people....!, #arlington speedtrap at George Mason and 10th St heading towards Wilson!, That's where it's a bit deceiving. Sponsorship $ accounts for up to 90% for some athletes. How's your project coming?, as a writer sure, lots of props! But as a reputable resource in the field of urban planning/design?, Im at last meeting - Award Ceremony, Third time I've lost my keys in 2 mos - so frustrating, ugh :/, "Each was, in fact, bound by a chain; the heaviest chain ever tied to a man- it is called a watch-chain.", My dermatologist has amazing skin. This makes me more receptive to what she has to tell me., Hey , that Kindle Fire I ordered 9/28 has been sitting at FedEx for over two days. Get it here pronto or I’ll return it unopened…, I'm listening...., Sorry Marjie! He did beat you by a few seconds :) RT : Ha! Beat ya!!!!, I'd try talking to folks then, they might be able to help further., im gonna rise above, show em what im made of! <3, Tonight, our homeowners assoc. organized a group dinner. I'm so blessed to live among incredible neighbors/friends who care for each other., The 1-3-1 is by far my favorite basketball defense., Put french onion dip in front of me and I could probably down a whole bag of chips, I am a great Inventor and you are a great Producer we should do something with greatnes., This dude so sugary, if you follow me.. I get 20 $ .. But that's not the only reason.. You're my mother :) iloveyou!, subway hit the spot, When anyone but #oomf tries to talk to me... Go away., Our hosting provider is having some problems this morning, but we should be back up shortly. I'm sorry for the inconvenience!, alright but if you're going Mannilow on me Weekend in New England is the bomb!, thinks that if you post your own dirty laundry on facebook, you have no reason to bitch that people are nosey..., and I like my dudes all dark like coal :)), It is helpful to signal to the driver, especially at night. We're sorry to hear about your issue., get us!, thanks for sharing the iEvoBio link!, My phone tried to autocorrect "cafes" into "cages." Well, that conversation almost got awkward..., Let's see what I can hustle her into buying me lol, I had no idea buses ran this dwelt, You are making a difference!, I feel like doing something, but there's nothing to do., I have only run in rain a few times, but really like it. As long as my shoes aren't too wet. My drenched 10K was a little tough..., So, at best this Shyam Das getting fired thing is really bad PR, at worst it's incredibly nefarious., Everyone is getting hacked. Please make ur passwords longer. Lol. Just got another "ppl r talking bad about u" dm. Lol! "/ ugh..., you and me both!!!! It's going to happen 12 lbs by May, [LIVE TWEET] Idea that democracies can not cope with climate change, check your message inbox dollface (: hope u are well love!! I'm gonna be watching your career! You are amazing!!, Into the lion's den! #Fulbrightenrichment Democratic candidate faces boos at Republican plenary, but quiets crowd saying we're all Americans, “: 29th Dec 1962, During his first visit to the UK Bob Dylan performed at The Troubadour in London.”, Had to sign up for my first event as Katie Belew today. 3 weeks away from the wedding is still unreal!, omg I'm crying!!!, Trying to let go of the past, around noon - my husband will be in to pick it up! Thanks so much!, I wonder who wrote the software for my dishwasher... Somewhere, there is some guy who's job it is to write dishwasher software., I'll be there! RT : glad you enjoyed the class!! See you Wednesday?, Becca come over this weekend and we can do nails!!!! <U+2764>, Yeah, yeah, yeah., Puto, the fuck u at?! That crackerjack phone die? Lolol. Stop with that prepay shit papi. Call me at the crib, Planning a party/special event? We know how to party! Let us show you & your guests the best way to capture the occasion. Contact us today!, does facilitation work at all levels, "Krauthammer: "Imagine how Obama will treat Israel after his last election." Jewish voters and friends of Israel, are you paying attention?", Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter., hey how are you?? This is the first time we've talked on twitter in months. Where have u been, lol. Oh wait, that was me. :), Are you a small business owner in Richmond? If so, tweet us so that Solutions Mortgage can promote your services to our followers, #SuperBowl 35 still had the best half time to date., What a long day! I'm finally getting hooked to Catchig Fire but my dad yelled at me for being obsessed with the Hunger Games.., Wake up? Why bother. You're dreaming if you think Raiders will be better than the Chargers., Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!, . You can have lots of deliberation in an authoritarian society. That's sorta what China is. || And what we are?, Just woke up o.o, They out here with nothing on where's the parents at, so how was the rest of your Monday ?, Some dude thinks the world is gonna end-- RT: what happens on Saturday?, I've been awake since 2:30. Today is not going to be a good day, Girls in summer dresses >>, I am already nervous about tomorrow's math final., Busy day at the ballpark... #Brewers have packed the stands once again... Anyone surprised?, M wondering if I can get some pointers on this cornbeef I'm bout to prepare, lol.sorry.ohh Yes good.i love volleyball more then cheerleading! :)<3, We got attacked by an underwater bear on the float trip!, lov the way u write.,.hvn't played it yet,so not sure if I stand corrected yet.., Hey!! #jasminator mind following me back!? <U+E056><U+E328>, i followed and liked your pages and everything :), Timing is everything, Got my feet and eyebrows done, I am going to set the over-under on GOP defections on Paul Ryan's budget at 13. There were 4 last year. Vote is tomorrow., ‘Mad Men’ Creator Matthew Weiner To Direct ‘You Are Here’ via, please don't be in love with somebody else .., Friends with benefits??, Thanks for the suggestion to follow me! :), #OnWisconsin RT : To all those wondering, yes, that was On, Wisconsin playing in the background of the pepsi max commerical, got love for you though., It'll all getting better in time, i really wanna take a belly-dancing class!! :D, pretty please I want nothing more :), Why I love Saturday morning ESPN Radio: Mel Kiper JR's NBA analysis., So who's just starting their Holiday shopping and who's finished? Today, I am getting a lot of mine done at Charlottesville City Market!, We started planning the 2012 season last night. Should be very very interesting., You sure do know how to make me mad ., God mawnin everyone!!, isn't that an awesome factoid??, So sorry. It is early and they are probably not in yet. Leave a message and you should receive a return phone call. Thank..., RT : Are you pumped about a Friday full of 11s? That includes 11 glasses of wine for Dr. H!, Just updated Twitter page., No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife between the shoulder blades will cramp his style - Steven Brust, MARVEL comic book superheroes., its torture thats what it is!, First track meet tomorrow. AH! Kinda nervous. Dont feel well on top of it., We discovered a big wooden playground in the park. Says : "They have a rope bridge!" then runs off., Freakn angel,hes hella stupid lol.Man i didnt no all of them missed me this week., I'm looking forward to watching Tom Bergeron say, Go Ricki! Go Ricki!, Micalanne (Micalanne) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!, Florence & the Machine... is that the same machine in Rage? Are we Welcome to the Machine? What kind of Machine is it?, i want to thank , russell for his time, support, & resources that will & has helped the film project 3rd wheel forward, Cena's leaving?, Black Wednesday....Hope you're all being safe tonight, May be time for a Blake Island excursion., Or family!! RT #NeverShouldYouEver Lose your friends because of a Relationship, I'd be jelly if I was 12 and waiting to hit puberty son, Anybody know of a great writers residency in France, Spain or Italy? Looking to go this spring or summer! Fellowship would be nice..., exactly how much do 1Dtickets cost?, “: he prob had some Js on wit a LV belt”lmao yep!, Happy 48th birthday Stephen. Keep the fire extinguisher by the birthday candles, The early Cinco de Mayo fiesta was a huge success! Now, how do you say "I got the Itis" en espanol?, Agreed! “: Doc Rivers, , and the staff doing a phenomenal job with this team”, #supershuttle driver happily whistling Eagles Lying Eyes on way to LAX. Was told pick up was 11:30 and he was half hour early. Coincidence?, None of the people I saw with green frosted cupcakes were heading to my office., ": Why's he so scared all the time!??" Because he's not a closer hes a choker, Brother, your comment on the world's longest trading card was priceless. Good, good stuff., RT In matters of style swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock. --Thomas Jefferson, Oh okay lol!!!, ah yes powells. Where's hair of the dog?, thanks so much for playing your heart out and wearing the blue with pride. #BBN will always have your back! Get some rest!!, thanks man! Hope all is well! =], Coming with ribbon!, so, your legs were extra hairy?, We found a bunny!!, RT : note to self: always go running through african game parks with zebras and warthogs. way more fun that way., Whenever Monday comes you can find me cryin' all the time., This is a great day in Miami!, Not a fan of Vegas so I certainly wouldn't like Atlantic City. The Ashbury Park part of the shore aint bad., well this is awkward, you're right, but not if they don't want or have anything in life. They can care less what happens to them or anyone in that case, is it worth all this traffic?, I hate how everyone puts #team____ !, yeah right! I had English for middle lunch, and it was boss! You don't do shit the second part haha, the work of geniuses, May you brisket be tender and your latkes crunchy this Chanukah., Its almost too easy?, 'cause you a trip, Ill be there the 31st, ha ha so funny, so true., AFTERNOON POLL: When’s the last time you whipped up some homemade milkshakes?, Way no to suck #CaptSuck! Home Run!, engages stakeholders in defining what are meaningful outcomes and indicators of success -- it is generative, iterative., Thanks for the, Terrific site documenting #photos of yesteryear, S/o f4f, When will this week be over?, Nichols: $ from cap & trade has to be used for reducing CO2 emissions. Broad spectrum but would not reopen parks or add more teachers., You can't hang around negative people & live a positive life. If you think you're there to lift them up, they'll most likely bring you down., Bailey from RNG?, Tonight the library hosted an event honoring prolific SPA/JLS professor Rita Simon--see her many books in a first floor display., RT from Iran: email your local or national news ask for more coverage on our situation we upload videos 2 youtube, To you all it is beautiful here, I love you all... I LIVE IN JOY NOW , I LIVE IN LOVE ALWAYS AND THE WORLD CHANGES AROUND ME...BOMBDIGITY !, thanks. Im watching tv too. #distractions. I had like a 5hr nap so I'm wide awake now, sometimes i think i feel my phone vibrating in my pocket when its not even there., What artists have you been looking at lately?, #smsportschat A2 The frenetic nature of social media means successful brands have to meet people where they are with what they want., Wish I were house. The food looks great. Still waiting for the grill to heat. It's back to very slow food here., #YoMommaSoFat she went to KFC to get a bucket of chicken they asked her what size and she said the one on the roof, is your ego prego girl?!, 1st stumble through of Ford's Theatre's 1776, this evening. Guess it's time I commit my 4 lines to memory..., Agree with you!, Am I the only one who thought Noam Chomsky was dead? (He's not.) Also, I need someone to explain his entire oeuvre to me in shadow puppetry., Wish would show the extended #LOTR films again before the Hobbit is released, call 311 to report the miss and a service request will be created for you!, I hope it's all good. knows me too well ;), I'm looking forward to book club discussion. It was selected in part b/c author is Canadian and we last met on Canada Day :-), ha! Yeah, I like that there's less religion, that's for sure. We'll be coming from Seattle, so we're used to the clouds., TWO DAYS, Me and have a very good relationship we go and play Frisbee every Tuesday., Thank you Michele for the RT!, email sent :), Relax....it's Monday!! Beat the heat and avoid a case of the Mondays poolside today at in the !!, RT : We struggle to find answers when we search outside ourselves., i want rico to borderline cry o_0 RT I want in !! RT : yo ama get ya punk'd next year.., Our Daily Deals are now LIVE! Visit our website daily to receive up to 80% off 5 random items. Products will change daily at 12:01am CST., hey are you going to come today, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY MAMA !!!!!!!, will you guys be heading to Florida any time soon? :D, I got you, Hey, it's healthier not to keep track. But I bet you'll remember 40 ;), Pour beer perfect, I made sweet potatoes. :D, Gotta always remind myself think before I speak, of all things...so why should I fret over the obstacles of man...why should I receive joy when men and women have the power to take away all, Our shoes are hitting the Nordstrom website this week..Shop Nordstrom ONLINE for your new pair of 67 shoes!, Hi! Happy Morning!! How are you today? I hope you have a great day and you're enjoying your time off!!! :-) love ya! <3, A guy would sacrifice his money for lunch just to get you a couple of roses, we miss you Greg!, Okay with Clifton out of the mix what is GB game plan for his position?...since Clifton even with a bum back was their best OL.., If you live in Madison and have low water pressure or no running water, let me know where you live. #waterproblem Thanks!, one more day till i turn 21 ! <U+E409>, well, a lot of people have told me he uses singers for pocket money for hiself well when he has with Dylan and etc., RT .U can curse me if u like! I won't mind..lol.I just love u Dr Burke (via ), Can't sleep!!, aww thats so nice!! She saod to me "awe thank u for the support! and i am from dallas too :)" yayayayay i am so happy now <3, not sure.. I gotta work mtg that night too :/ should only take an hour, tho, same u got everything yet, Kiss me all over..., definitely. Thanks again. Couldn't have accomplished so much without your help., I know, Upside to my 14 hour day was that all 3 meals were catered. Rare (in the nonprofit world) but almost made it worthwhile. Extra tasty!, yayy! Cool beans! Do you know alec Devine?, that should change! And thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>, I didn't even know you had one! And you'll be the second Texan I know with a Texas tattoo. I only know two Texans., Kind of hoping they misspell a name., The so-called "baby carrots" in my bag of organic carrots are WAY too big., Books = Paper(!) = Toilet Paper...thought the senders of a press release for "the only hygiene tissue paper conference":..., yes yes yes! I believe a trip to get froyo should be in order, making calls to SCA/USATF masters teams, lmao you know it, My darling daughters back to school wardrobe now includes a lego batman shirt, I'll be back late tomorrow night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day....I have a wonderful feeling, everythings going my way! :) You have a Fantastic Day!, no way you have a twitter!!!!!, yeah, i follow it close enough to know that. He's making money as a losing franchise, and he's perfectly okay with that., No man, or body of men, can dam the stream of language. - James Russell Lowell, looked forward to it every week. We had chemistry professionals wish they had lol, Do you follow (or write for!) a great fitness blog? We'd love to hear about it!, RT : Big #Bucks game tonight. Big. Huge. Let's get this playoff spot! //, It is what it is., Boulder, CO! We would, shall, and will traverse Kansas for you! See you on Friday at the Fox Theatre!, 5 minutes until the Fourth Speaker Series!!, me 8 games at one time on one tv, Somewhere Armando Galarraga and Jim Joyce are shaking their heads., Forshadow?? “: Herman Cain today -- "You look familiar. Who are you with?" Me - KARE 11 Herman -- "Are you one of the anchors?"”, tell her I said hi (; that I love her :*, i followed back nigga !, #wierd, I'm in the mood for #Christmas ....in chicago., 1 more final then summer break baby!, Define good? ;) It will be all in good fun. Is that good?, should really give us tickets, <- Damn... they don't make em like this no more, that's unreal. Justice doesn't exist. It's depressing., LATIN AMERICA LOVES BRUNO MARS !!!!!!!, I'll let you know when another party comes out , then we can both do it!, Busy day at #TFOB. Come by the #NuestrosRaices tent at 1:00pm to see Rene Colato Lainez read, and me look silly in a fish head., Gah! I'm SO tired! Dunno if I'll make it...lol. Got several more hours until 9 AM. ugh!, At least I didn't say 'cat wee-wee'., Bday I nice so far. Relaxing right now., Last day in Vietnam! Gonna miss it! :'(, b-b-b-but they've only got one phone model?!?!, I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be "Nobody" so when I see stupid crap people post, I can "Like" it, Avoid using “quotation” marks “incorrectly” and where they serve no “useful” purpose., So we over now wtf, I am truely not a hater... i just dislike people who talk non stop behind my back without knowing me personally., Well my leg is official jacked-up and retarded :(, They mine as well, right? Working from home can't be a bad thing anyhow for all parties involved., just back from camping with grandkids at blue mounds st park, wish I coulda been there..., I was just kidding damn it. Kisses honey and happy belated bday., Quote of the Day Now Hiring Summer Help.....Nights & Weekends,....Stop in for an application, Looks like we will move one step closer to a potential UofL-UK Final Four matchup., At dinner discussing Chevy Stephen's provocative thriller, STILL MISSING, with, lol ok n im finna find u, #betterwithdetroit Rocked! I think Mom had more fun than kids!, What if he doesn't change and isn't forced out?, Thanks for shaing the link!, I'm up :) we're almost the same age, I turn 19 next month. We could find stuff to talk about :) what's up girrrrlll?, - congrats to you all. Enjoy the day!, some target mgr told me there was a limit of 4 coupons for same items. That's NOT in their online policy, is it? Making up their own rules, Off to practice!, ahah! yeah i think i will!, haha yeah dude i was talking to alec, and two kids joined yesterday who dont even know how to. and we need players, Berlin is really pretty intuitive (O, yes, amazing under-recognized British novelist. Hilary Mantel & Caleb Crain wrote intos to new editions!, Time to try Cinelerra., Joanne Roukens on the challenges of regularly posting to the blog: "you know how much I enjoy organizing things!" TRUTH! :-), Final mixing today of Senensy-Perla-Riley project. Clips forthcoming. I love Christian McBride! This is a man who's living a full life., And he shut down 14th Street for fifteen blocks during rush hour in the process..., Highly recommend Tryp Hotels in Brazil Incredible comfort, courtesy and cost effective Flying back tonight to Miami, my last trip for 2011, S/O to GT without him I dont know how I would have got home last night...this is why I need a car lol, That bag is quite fetching, as is Erin. She could be a part... time... model., It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team, I'd want both 22 & 28 unlike what Sherman did when he traded Hasselbach to Holmgren., Happy Hump Day! Hitting the sand early... Beach Body workouts on SD6!, |#quotes You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile., Come join me for great happy hour specials at the bar., "It will become illegal for NY cos who refuse to hire individuals bc they've been unemployed too long" Christine Quinn NYC Council Speaker, “: is a freaking amazing dancer omg.”, Today is World's Alzheimer's Day!, Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction. -Al Bernstein, RT :Landrieu admin will launch "new crime fighting policy" today 2pm. Oddly the word "another" was missing from press release, agreed. If ur not excited about Prometheus, you're letting the terrorists win., today im so cynical (my horoscope told me so), uggh love the way u think, Blessed is he who speaks a kindness; thrice blessed is he who repeats it. -Arabian proverb, "They spend your money and tell their friends everything. It's about economics!". I love you, Cameron Crowe, I've read an argument that it's hard to write in suspense with cell phones, b/c suspense comes from miscommunication., I'll say it again: All 3 men have such intense rationals for why they should stay in that this will only be decided at the #GOP convention., no, it's obviously Barajas. “: josh hamilton is straight killin it!! best player in baseball”, you are a funny dude., damn right I did, is a prime number., wow today was boring and a lil successful at the same time been sending emails all day about the Fall Jam 2010 and worked on the office, Goodnight twittersphere. Maybe I'll wake up to the followers I want., Lol! RT Dick Clark dying is just #InAccodanceWithMayanProphecy since there won't be another New Years Rockin' Eve., yeah, i mowed my lawn today like i was trying to get it in before the snow. I enjoy the in between., Jimmy Carter: humankind has to say that war comes last peace comes first, This is not going to work anymore., never gave into peoples bs, never will. I do what I want, whenever the hell I feel like it., yeah were all bored so I think so:), Still tired smh, stay outta my way Kevin...I'm plyn Binions too....let me take this one, buddy....cya.... good luck!, steps it up with Infinity and AR. Next level with new devices. Sweet! Geek girl testing sounds cute, Belated thanks for the RT! Strange, you didn't show up in my mentions feed until today..., Temple Run., hey shut the fuck up., you girls should come into Velocity for a good workout to prep for the season - free trials., Follow us on facebook as well, click on the Adamouski page, Round of applause to the 13 million people who stood up - #PIPA and #SOPA are tabled 4 now., Alarm sounds and I say "Are you tired right now, do you wanna stay home?" Then, I say oh yea, oh yea, umhmm, yea that's right., srry but yall is cut off, #MISTLETOE is NUMBER ONE <33, think I finally went to bed at 4am. I'm usually getting up at that time., yes you are! Look for offers and low price spots, #SaySomething next wednesday cant wait!!!! :DD, Josh Hamilton cannot be stopped!, Good one! #AskAgentAnything RT Feedback refers to contracting market & agents not taking on new clients. How to overcome this?, I managed to get the groceries into the house but I think I'm done now. Glad I didn't buy anything frozen., you know you're letting me borrow the second book when you're done!, Currently watching Fat, Sick, & Nearly Dead. If you haven't yet, watch Forks Over Knives...., great to meet U all!, : now that sounds like fun!, bless Reggae Vibes! give thanks for the strength, let dem haters know, the queen has spoken., I was up in the other building all day, Sitting in an airport makes one think: what airlines are the "best"? Why? Is it all about customer service? Perks? Price? What matters most?, being single is better than being with someone who doesn't appreciate you, RT : Life demands focus. Forget the past, its gone. Don't dwell on the future as its not promised. Focus on this step. Now. << \m/, The Artist brings artistry back to filmmaking . . . makes me miss the year teaching film and editing., I wouldnt know lol. I just retweeted it because skullgirls is sick., I wonder if the Bills released becaue I never got a reply on him signing my Sports Illustrated., Muscles are slowly beginning to come online here at the parrrtay, whew! *dance and sing get up and do my thing*, Don't forget send in pictures of your promoting so we can keep you on the team! [:, Shaliene Woodley in #Valentino SS '12, Melissa McCarthy in Marina Rinaldi and great ladies!!, isn't doing doc review redacting. That's right is NOT!!!, Then dreamt I met Louis CK in person and told him how good I thought it was. It was great., Congrats to All-American Availables Showcase participant Tevin Baskin on his commitment to Appalachian St., Watching the #winterclassic America's national anthem FTW, Laying groundwork for a new long term project today. Horse racing culture., Don't leave me tounge tied, lets stay up all night. we'll get real high,slumber party,pillow fight. <3 Grouplove, to be accurate, the quote would be OF COURSE, she will drag you in by your bow tie, ha!, Had a small issue with someone trying to steal this account... Sorry for the last week of missed shows!, looking for something in my tax book and LITERALLY opened up to the exact page. Strange, that's what I like to hear! #GoBucks!, Gotta love the traditional "Theater Mondays"! One small step for Theater Connects, one giant leap for the international arts industry!, Breathe in the future, exhale out the past., Google made their analytics interface worse? How could they make it worse? How was it possible to make it worse?, The reward for coming to our 7:30 class this morning was our final exam that we get to take home and do. A+ for sure!, Congrats to Kastaway for a successful album release concert at Beer Co! <3, RT : Once again provided much needed excellent analysis. Thank you. >>>She needs her own show, RT : Send me a picture ;), lol sounds good to me umm wanna meet somewhere around memorial city mall??, Ok! One last clue, coming in the next tweedle!, I Hate that People Always Have to Mess with my fucking feelings Man </3 :(, and have struck an official partnership for sports-related check-ins., So who wants to go flying after I get my pilot's license this year? :), Defined: "Worst timing in history" My laptop seems to have taken a dump one month before the end of the final semester of grad school., We're a little late because of the golf, but 10TV News starts now!, somewhere down the road I might get lonely, I got asked not to work so efficiently. At work. Ahahahaha!, Wide awake........ "Maintain momentum and act accordingly!" #Hungry &, S/O all our supporters ... Have had 3 successful years ... This is our 4th season ... We appreciate you .. Couldn't do it without you, That awesome moment when you realize your phone cover is #glowinthedark !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, RT : RT : #TrayvonMartin's killer has deployed the I Have a Black Friend™ defense. Why it is failing spectacularly:..., Love that my Spanish class has an online component with audio and video examples., Moving up in the world!, Naa... It's called frostbite. The numbness makes you think it's warm...., not fair, i can play every other day besides wednesdays. you'll still lose to that idiot 3 day winner regardless., “: #oomf so gorgeous”, Start with the end in mind., u hoopin bro, back on track, Can't take credit for Community Day...but I will enjoy it! Will I see you there?, Excuse my #Swagg im tryna tone it down like jenny kreg, what would I get if I could fit the whole text on two - three pages, front and back?, “: NHL has hired Sully Sullenberger to pilot the media charter fight, MSG to the Rock. Seat belts, swim trunks.”, i have two kittens, Everything gonna be alright..., I got it in the mail, It should be coming, How fitting that I am ringing in this Valentines Day with #ForgetAboutTheBoy!!, Is this pre or post coitus? ATL in 4 days. Hell yeah!, Insisting on who is behind the keyboard is a woefully limited line of inquiry about Anonymous as a social and cultural force., So we don't need edu? MT : ; your continued ass of RET football players to gen pop is what is truly silly! Really!!, Gym flow motivation--Remember When, Feeling is mutual! RT : Nice to meet you and hear Matt Howard and speak today!, ur a mother fucking boss and so is billie and mike and ur the best fucking drummer ever!!!!!!!!!!, I hope everyone is having a great Thursday! Remember to keep Rethinking your Potential :), Setting up Aruba & Battle at the w/, Who is bringing the "hurricanes" and "dark and stormy's"?, I'm just like you, only prettier. (; -Miranda Lambert, sneak out. thats how we do it in hawaii brahhh (;, Had trial this morning at DC Superior Court, I know shocking!!!, what the hell is that, Hah! And my mathematically challenged follow-up. Still, baited breath on who survived thus far. Thanks for update., Ya girl sucked me up from ground zero, Nice letter on your blog. I bought all your books and have begun the first!, I love being single, you can have fun! But I do miss it.. The cuddles!:(, We're at Traders Point getting ready for the and concert tonight. Stop by our table and say hi!, The Thunder piss me off, Enjoy your weekend all ! Much love, c: just checking lolol, Eat, sleep, work, drink, Bummer. I just got this thing, mostly for the HRM., Half of my book is about him. RT : OF COUSE Claiborne only took 50% of the Wonderlic. He's used to only using half of things., Happy Birthday Brian![: Have a good day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>, RT : I have some exciting musical news.. Coming up in a couple of hours..stay tuned:), #ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina The Green Vagina, Grill successfully acquired! On the way back home., if religions get to make up their kind of angels so do I and I want porn angels. Or maybe I AM an angel in the terner religion, thanks, sunshine! Hope it goes smoothly., Thanks to you I now have a serious pistachio addiction, thanks nig holla!, This sound guy is PISSED at the production crew haha. Good thing im in his group!, haha who's after him. Soon they're all gonna be tweeting each other :') haha, Pavillion black, table 39, seat 4. If anyone is stalking me, now is your chance. Morale high, 1st goal is 1st break., It's about that time to call it a night., Only joining for a few minutes - holiday commitments ;), Local digest: US crew includes Cal graduate Zach Vlahos, Stanford's Jake Cornelius - San Jose Mercury News, #ShoutOutToo I don't know her but we should change that. She's pretty also :) follow her., Nah, he's on the 29th. See you there at 7!!!, #WhatImCurrentlyDoing ....... Your mom :), HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOPE ALL YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE HOPE U LIKE WHAT I WROTE PRINCETON MADE IT JUST FOR U <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>, #NACUA welcomes David Allen to the Annual Conference in San Francisco today -- helping #highered lawyers "get things done.", Yeah and some indie stores had a limited edition lithograph with purchase. Very smart and thoughtful promo., "the taco truck is under siege by the police. Field trip busted.", Seriously people, you should be listening RT : Connie Chung is one serious good sport. Ep 11 of is out now!, In math with, Orleans grapevine pear and soco butter.to die for, RT : I'm on a brunch cruise, food by Aaron Sanchez and Douglas Rodriguez, Montecristo White cigars by Altadis USA., following now, thanks guys for linking me up, Nobody ever died of laughter.~~~~~~~~~~Sir Max Beerbohm, Karate kid in for Tevez., Y'all, I have a confession. Sometimes my cat is a real asshole., I should really visit twitter more often than I do. But not this late at night. That's what happens when you work 2 jobs..., The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love., Feeling like a zombie today., I can honestly say "I liked it?". I wasn't wild about the third act but it's worth seeing. Are you a horror and/or Whedon fan?, you wish it was you. Lol, Where's ?, What'd she say?, Love is so confusing, I wish I could just hate everyone equally, that would make my life so much easier, and less confusing., Sure. well, Chad, Ella and Hayden wont be around her all the time. Then i'll show her what liars you are., Thank you to TJ Campbell for backing Gears!, RT : Bitter and jealous people suck! Be happy and support one another! #showlove <<<< aaaaaagrrreeeed smh, S/O to for the Post of my Artist - We appreciate the luv, check out the website! #Salute <<<<<, what apparel will it be on??, 2 cartons of grape juice instead of 1, The word "Homeless" should not be associated with any #veteran. Final Salute, Inc helps #homeless female vets find, Fuck you burger king, You said it's always different though, now you're saying something else., MT we all have common interests in improving & protecting our kids; much agreement re:class size, testing etc, Yes, it simplifies and everyone knows what it is., This finish to Chi bs Mia is crazy. Not in a good way either., When good Drake songs come on in the car and im hip hoppin' <3 (; would be proud., I'm sitting in my la-z-boy “: Hot yoga time, post rehearsal... I succumb to the heat and focus on conditioning. No pain, no fear.”, the ball beat the runner... ball always wins., Just finished preparing Grilled Portabello Mushroom and Onion Sandwiches with Hummus to measure and list steps for the cookbook... YUM!, no problem cutie :-), i've been at the library for about 6 hours and i've been awake for 27 hours and counting!, Great meeting with staff on state and federal charter school issues. Hope to have him tour MO charters soon., Well...I tried alcohol detox for 4-5 days and I blew it last night. Hard. I might be dying--heh., Of all the 32 teams in the nfl why did chandler jones have to go to the pats?, New and free music from some great artists! goo.gl/Tr7v2, Nighas act worst than females, "It's Spaceball 1. They've gone to ... plaid.", Yep. Contract is signed :), yes I was tweeting from the elevator I was stuck in for 40 mins or so! Ugh, i need sum more followers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, Guess what. I'M JUNIOR PROM PRINCE!, Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present., You win some you lose some..., Just landed I hope NY is ready for me!!!!, I hope my parents don't ask to help me unpack... I have some unmentionables they won't want to see., AWESOME ! BRING IT TOMAH lbs, Thanks for the RT!, Been up for an hour and a half. Want nothing more than to still be sleeping., 5 more day until my birthday, don't let my loud cussing, hair pulling display of anger fool you - i really do enjoy being schooled by the crescent roll "open" tab., Every girl...Has that one conversation running in their head of what they wish he’d say., hi cerrycandies and friends happy tuesday, You'd think a book called Ref and Info Svcs *in the 21st Century* would be available as an ebook or at least in the UW libraries., Shout out to our friends and fellow fashionista's in LA and the Phil! Happy holidays, we love yall!, ": cuz certain ppl have no lives LOL xoxo" hey u how have u been, Im about to blow bitches and bitches ass niggas stay of the T.I.P. of my dick, How would teachers find the time to mention "gay" without cutting into valuable "abstinence only" sex ed time?, I'm so lucky to have Not many other people would bring me hot chocolate at 4:30 AM after working all night., Congrats to for making it to the finals!!, I was on set the last week so I already know ;), The cool thing is you know there are people out there who were at every damn City game in the second and third division, now they get today., I let my five-year-old take over all my Draw Something games. Stick figures for all!, Long day...resting now....home tomorrow....what a surgery Hailey Anne had. Thursday seems like such a long time ago., Jr Smiths dunk..., Oh yes. So much yes. So much sadness and yes., Nice. Howard Rodman just quoted Borges., We have to take care of the ball better it's not over. But mistake free play is needed, Best thing I've heard today "Slide out the crack." Meaning: Go ahead and leave the building., Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. Mark Twain, Let's go Bearcats!, Praying for a young lady named Stacy who is getting married this Friday. Her dad is stranded in Germany due to recent volcano., thanks girl! I'm loving it! See you tonight (:, I don't wanna talk to him . l0l so stfuu :)), I kissed bella...and she broke her hand...punching my face.. LOL, amazing music! magazine interviews! and New Singles coming soon!, casino stereotypes debunked session+no sleep+ crazy networking= epic so far, BREAKING NEWS!!!! Turn out a beautiful Shinny day so #Franklin Park Will Be!!!! We'll be with you tomorrow Navy Yard, After last weekend, I've now seen 5 different Mozart operas performed live. 2 , 2 , 1 in Europe. Guess I'm a nerd., (Was that a stretch?), At a hookah lounge having a good time!, hahaha that kinda funny, TX. BEATDOWN 5 IS NOW IN STORES...HIT ME UP @ FIESTA, ILL HAVE SUM @ THE BOOTH IN THE MARKET SQUARE...., miss u too dawg ! we gotta chill when i come back, eLearning can be a lonely experience. Online group training, like web.alive, is more fun. at ISPI-FRC in Denver., Did you remember to go to the milwaukee holiday parade today?, RT : No true Christian is his own man -John Calvin, FOLLOW ME, FOLLOW ME TO FREEDOM!, Thanks, Mitch!, The executive staff at NPR are pathetic cowards!!!!!, I use to go to my bestfriends house nd fall asleep :p (Memories), FOLLOW FOR ME ¦, Wow, Michele, thanks for a nice endorsement! As I like to say, "Bird to your mother!", Saw the unveiling of the new USPS GoPost service. Pretty darn nifty...innovation meets convenience., plan ahead & expect shoe breath 4 several hours. *scraps bows*, If you are absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success., Or a rapist?, Justin Ima Duude..But i still support ur music man!! aha can u follow me???, don't do it, its nasty here today, beauty and the beast #nowplaying on, The Lions & Tigers beat both of "America's Teams" today. It's a great day to be a Detroit sports fan!, Just discovered your iOS app. The "Artwork Puzzle Game" might be a new addiction, Great article and photos of our event!, I'll text you., im going tonight haha, thanks Tim! Hope all is well with you and your family, WOO-HOO! Although, I've got 2 hours on you :), Hmm I will(:, - Man! I almost went to that!, I watch on a PS3 a lot. Wonder if it's only available on the website, Thank you again for the RT of my blog...and thanks for following me..., Thanks for following me as well cutie!, These are codes that require a chart or computer program to translate the blind code to a bitting code, and , please email us at with the email address you would like your Amazon gift card sent to., When was the last time that you painted a wall?, Look for our new interactive game at Bear Down Fridays this week at main gate square. For more information visit www.beardownfridays.com, Yeeeeaaaaaa... real R&B. That's what I'm talkin bout., Any suggestions on Project X?, America premiere's tonight on ! Tonight's episode is right in my (old) back yard, Minneapolis, MN!, boat ride! yeah!, I sent you a text. Well, if you have the same # as you use to. Lol, Looks like a nasty weekend ahead! Not a weekend to end spring break on!! <U+2614><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>, hahahaha "nahh juss playin, im hurr ta stay, the way that i talk makes people think im gay" hahaha, I'm going to do Google authorship in conjunction with my soon-to-launch blog. That's where to start, right?, FINALLY #googlereader got an update to match... but is it really better? :/, Thanks Karl!, :) RT“: Thanks for the check-in, mayor.”, welcome back:), moderates is a loose word. I started it a while back, but others have volunteered to do the moderation. I'm a reader though!, Sorry the beginning of that response only half made sense. Long day!, Can Bayless play backup to Roy? They both have the ability to get to the hoop., Why must it be so windy??!?, S/ to my president an next baby daddy for giving n xtra$100 on my food stamp so now that's mo $$$, Kinda mest up But I Tried my best ! :), Thanks Cindy! and welcome aboard! Do you have a skype account? If so could you add me? art.bwb, love u guys!!! Just wanted to say :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>, Just got cool Snapseed for iPad by Nik Software, Inc. Photo apps for Ipad are getting more usable for pros and creative amateurs., Denominationalism has the ability to increase unity if done correctly., =[ i dont get cell service at my house, and my ipod doesnt get calls, if i gave you my home phone and you call and my mom, I admire Dirk more and more. He drained that crazy fadeaway during the "chippy-ness"., to bad you couldn't sleep until you normally get up.. Get some extra.., how was the show?? wish i could've gone! its been years since i was in socal, "Even if everyone you ever cared about left you, love can come back into your life because of the empty tomb." <3, lol thanks :) i hate just sitting here and not playing! Its so depressing!, Stop by for Happy Hour 5pm-7pm! Stay for our $20 wine, entree, and dessert special! Hope to see you!!, Wonder what economists he listens to RT "If you could repeal Dodd-Frank ... you would see the economy improve overnight.' No, All my faith is in GOD... Nothing else matters, it's just perfectly, amazing can't wait to hear more songs, so stoked :), how bout a fist with a sweat band on it!, thoroughly modern millie, that's what's up(:, HEY FAM FOLLOW>>> AND TWO OF MY FAVS..., We LOVE #FrozenStrawberryLemonade too!!!!, 3rd goal on the season, second to be scored in the second half, Will you be Mi Amor? -NO Just what I'm looking for? -NO Don't be afraid to fly across the sky! - Why should I? LOOL, Count me in! Sounds fun. :D, my thought is: FUCK YA! Amazing performers for late night :), I'm still up & bored lol, All the resources we need are in the mind. -Theodore Roosevelt, Back to GRINDING, "I have to go back to BFM to get my bank card." "Hey, I think I left my dignity there, can you look around for it while you are there?", I need weed and god lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>, yay so did Bulls!, yes you is ;), Remodels and new updates are something I can help you with., jersey is good on price too. But all in all money sucks haha, ": I'm just really frustrated" tell me about it..., Have u subscribed to #ncslma google group? Or checked out our bloc? www.ncslma.org, will do;), Will there be Migua Beef Jerky at the, haha thanks its totally awesome :D p.s. i like yours too XP, I love Friedman. Thanks for this tweet., Hungry like the (Guitar) Wolf, Awesome! RT : Oh my goodness! We've sold 4 homes in less than an hour. That's one home almost every 15 minutes!! Get excited!, Absolutely YES. MT : Along w new mind to future /tech, do you think crucial to bring back core principles (not practices?), 7pm, you in?, Goddamn. I had practices this morning, then work, now my mom wants me to mow our big ass yard and do garden work, I need a good DJ for July 7th, for a wedding. DM prices. It's urgent., depends, does the vanilla have to be French?, April is Earth Month! Now thru April 30, 25% of ALL orders will be donated to Clean Water Action of MN!, So sad about #MauriceSendak's passing. That guy was a kook, but definitely creative., Goodday at wrk great day overall back at it again tomorrow AGGA UP, RT : Joining us next week 4/18 Jennifer Abernathy - on Developing a Facebook Strategy, The sluttiest girls are always the ones who say they're not easy., The RepeatReceipt App launches 3 weeks from today! Get ready for, Today's tip: To prevent or relieve shin splints, stretch and strengthen the muscles of the lower leg., RT : Same old stuff, just a different day., Going to visit mom today and will bring her chicken soup, the Jewish penicillin, Giants win!, its so cold today!, Have you signed up for Google offers? Do you like it better than Groupon?, Thx for the retweet! Glad to follow you., while all the mush heads are out pretending to be Mexican & filling their empty void with booze I'll be havin fun doing shit that matters<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, "Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be." - Marsha Petrie Sue, ever see us play?, If the customer isn't right you need to persuade them to your way of thinking., “A facade of skyscrapers facing a lake and behind the facade, every type of dubiousness.” -E.M. Forster (on Chicago, of course), I hate drunken beer sweats. This bitch besides me soaked my bed., #OTRC TIna babe your mic is hot and you are live as you chat e producer. Cut feed. Lol., No I get a new one every year, and I are celebrating our 100th DM., I'd ask "Who's there?" but I have a pretty good idea that the answer would be "Beth.", If the Yankees are on the WS? You can pretty much bet your last nickel I'll be at every game. As it is I go to about 25, Did you volunteer this past weekend? Tell us about it!, There's nothing wrong with wanting MORE! And stopping at nothing to get it. x, not mowing though..., Exciting addition to the Nicole CHarles & Associates team going to be announced soon! Stay tuned...., Bored... seems the database took a crap, so can't work. I would say the DBAs are probably not bored, though., so wtf am I gonna do for two hours, Tonite EMBERS, a jazz opera, based on the novel in poems of the same name by writer/poet/teacher Terry Wolverton., hey! Everything is good just trying to get dates/details figured out. I'll keep you posted!!, What Makes You Beautiful on the radio is an amazing way to start a horrible day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, I swear the Constitution states:"Right to Liberty, Justice, & Pursuit of Happiness"-not work ur butt off & let us redistribute it to others!, Is watching Glee... Can't wait for the prom !!!!, Finding out your monthly 24 hr fitness membership fee is free>>>>, It was today. We missed it, sadly. Need my fix. How was lunch ?, lol idk she realizes how pretty she is, that makes me feel kinda better, Can't wait for #furthur at the beacon. Been listening to #archiveorg all day. Going to see John play on 2/11 too, Fast-food #1 thing America has truly perfected :D nom nom, If you have a gf and try to talk to me or get my number I will disrespect you, I didn't realize Jimmy Clausen was so unprepared for NFL football. I guess there was a significant gap between him and Sam Bradford., “Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty, Hacked by haha love u lots julz! - grace, ur one of the people that she's following and I was following some ppl that she's following, . `netmask` seems limited. Pretty sure was talking about hundreds of blocks., hey!!! Sorry I went to the pool with my cousin and got back like 30 mins so I took a quick shower lol, RP Kenyatta Goodwen () "You REALLY should have as your Community Web Producer...", June 25th (: can't wait !, Even though #WVU is having a rough year.....still a, 260-224-2443. Text/call me if you want(:, yeah now you love me, One day, you're going to look back,and think, "Damn, that girl really did love me...", Phil Mushnick is an asshole and needs to be fired, Individuals sometimes feel insignificant & doubt that one person can make a difference in this world. We believe one person can. -Mary Kay, Need 1 Members stand ticket for May 5. Anyone?? Bueller??, Tonight we will be celebrating 5 de Mayo. Party starts on the patio at 6pm. DJ Kazte & Revolucionario will be spinning from 6-8pm., Thirsty Thursday!!! $1 off Signature drinks and Wisconsin craft beers! Who's thirsty!?!?!?!, she can be a real hoot., How bad are the ? 12-22......come on. You're the defending AL central champs!, We're waiting on confirmation that a body found may be that of Michael #Philbin, son of Packer's coach #Joe #Philbin. The story at 7:30am., which one?, Amen and thanks for the blessings. ": ***Let Go and Let God..Love and Blessings to all of my followers.", 3. Bank runs are a thing of the past., same here., #kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sun, May 13 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we..., Good example of how important one must learn the geography of the ancestral home., so are we finally going to get a federal investigation?, Progress has no party; write in Fenty., when will you be returning to Chicago or Milwaukee?, First she was having dreams....now she's talking about "friends"...i need Alicia to calm down lol, March is a HUGE month for the B&O! Events for everyone! TGIF!, Launching a New 21 Day Fat Loss Boot Camp soon! Get fit before the Holidays so that You Can really enjoy them!, It just won't end. How will cena vs the rock matchup., ABX’s juicy burgers and authentic, crispy Belgium French fries will be served with a delicious complement: 15 flavorful dipping sauces!..., not that kind of sick... Been throwing up ALL day.. Really bad cramping.. Pale af.. Fever... (TOM time..) you know how I get.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, as if this dog remembers how he got into this suit hahahaha, After three innings in the World Series quarterfinals, Southern Virginia leads Spalding University 2-0. Golden Eagles still hitless., I've only seen one of the nine Best Picture nominees. Guess I've got some catching up to do., Encountering the word "utilize" can put me in a bad mood for the rest of the day. This is troubling., Get Rock Hard Abs with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club, seems rather scary! You are better off with buy in! Most businesses close the deal before the meeting, Working on Getting enough Content for my Boy Much Respect <U+E00D>, Thanks! We're glad you enjoy it! RT : The feed might be my favorite thing about Tumblr, I don't recall ever seeing a Sherlock movie..., Bro I got some DJ gigs available with my company...Paid Travel to Miami, St.Louis, Cali, etc. etc....On Weekends....Get @ me, Watered the plants for a friend who is on vacation. Gone 5 min top. During this time someone lifted all my hubcaps. Happy New Year., Just because Christmas is a week from yesterday, doesn't mean no acting opportunities. I even have an audition this evening., Going to The Happiest Place on Earth tomorrow, Madison makes me happier than my hometown, Really enjoyed the homosexuality seminar. Would recommend it to anyone still undecided about a second two day seminar., South Bay is lookin good today! Check out our listings! sb.californiahomesforsale.com!, Wish I had time to show you more of Incredible car - think green! #voltperk Bonus: we saw secret service agents., I'm going to try to fall bck asleep b4 my dang alarm goes off, Will you be there Sunday? Let's hang out if so!, Oh were ready!, "My Dog Can Lick Anyone", At Rockbar listening to rockstar Aaron spin wicked 80's music. Gonna be an awesome m4c finale with him dj-ing!!!, baby im not FROM memphis so dats y, will certainly try!, I changed the way I looked at things, and the things I looked at changed., it's not playing for me but I'm sure I'd disagree lol, Happy Valentine's Day!!! :), On my way with my cousins to the Jamaican picnic, Needed an explanation from our home office. So I got an e-mail...telling me to expect a fax., Watching Marc Jacobs dress up makes me happy., Is the word trust in peoples vocabulary anymore?, Looks like fun. What are you riding?, lol yep freed is right, not as embarrassing as me walking into the wrong dormitory room today thinking it was my room, Looking into Paul Vallas' eyes as we stand hand in hand on his doorstep..., Congratulations! You are in for the best years of your life a roller coaster of fun, scary and absolutely wonderful!, How many times have I almost ran into ? Like how I found out she was at the Pilates studio later after I left that same day! Lol, i cant :/ my parents wont take me, Seriously!! On a different note, are going to the beach house on #MemorialDay?, i know thats why i said im coming when ur out lol, thank u for the invitation! let us know the details., For school signings, easier to hv ea class come in 1 at a time or, at the most, by grade level, Thanks for sharing the article on heroic leaders!, that made my day, thanks for that :), Thank you! I have #foodallergy to wheat and soy, and you use those oils. It would help our community to list all the ingredients., North Carolina, go stand in the corner with Utah and Arizona., Questions we should ask: Why do the businesses still have their employees' salaries frozen? Why are there no salary raises?, starting samples for my new book BOYFRIEND SWEATERS. picking yarns is the most wonderful part!, Don't lose ur head, We're having a morning news discussion on which songs you listen to when you need a "pick me up".. goes with "I will survive", Damn shame to see Shaq doing commercials for Buick. When Kobe retires, I don't think he will be doing adds for Toyota, #MXpresidentialDebate Pena final comments "we need to impulse retirement, unemployment insurance, have public education include HS..., I hope that noise is the fates aligning and not the wall caving in., LOVE riding that Indie Music Bus !! RT, The USA is a government structured around a constitution. Republican anti-government rhetoric is therefore anti-American!, put me through a tough work out at the gym yesterday! That man is a beast. "If your not super setting, your not working out!", At Deagan's for the last bike night of the year, you should humph loudly at him. It helped me with the woman in the post office parking lot who took up two spaces., Lol Lana and I have to share this tiny little bed to tonight ;), coming to on March 27!, The lovely sound of cheering librarians will now echo through my day...., up to 65% off !!! FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture, the ones who call me tia scarlett >>>>, i'm setting up a new #ganeti cluster today! happy web hosting clients in my future, WE WILL SEE, Tests, tests and more tests, I'm about to run and redbox Hugo to relax for a bit before getting to work. I think free pancakes will go along nicely, what a game Ravens pulled it out with 8 seconds on the clock, City atty files lawsuits to shut 12 pot dispensaries near schools, including 3 on El Cajon Blvd near SDSU and 2 on Park Blvd., Confession: Every 2 weeks when I get a pay stub, NSYNC's "Just Got Paid" immediately & reflexively plays in my head. I can't control it., “We don't tell kids what to do. We help them find their passion and support them.”, Had a great time at lunch with the pretty on this beautiful day!, You are very welcome. Tweeting is so much fun isn't it? You meet some really great people too., but he needs to stick to rapping - not singing like in "How To Love" - awful singing, good rapping., And I thought my night was great <U+E403>, Get my car washed by the Brunswick football team?, RT : While we're on the topic of banning stuff, can we ban Cocktail? Better late than never. That movie sucked., Other than Austin and Paea nobody jumps off (to me) the rd 2 board at DT. If both those guys are gone, where do you look?, I had been in dark but; now im in the light., I held off as long as I could. You'll learn to love it, don't worry., protein shake, vitamins and email start my day along with scratches for Schatz, Why am I being forced to watch The Honeymooners movie? WHY?!?!?, WOW! I haven't been on here in forever - Missed you all :), Maybe relationships really arent for me, If you believe SEO is driving the social mobile shift, you know less about the technology marketplace than you think., Americas got talent :), did #occupy mn get the best of you? haha..., Nice graduation gifts!, |#quotes The most important adage and the only adage is, the customer comes first, whatever the business, the customer comes first., (grave) I think, however, we have many many mainframe ghosts running around. Wonder if we'll have a PC (poltergeist computer), ooc; Cause sur gave it to me at School? Dumb ass., I know, I'd like that., love Shark Tank. I want to be the guy that screens these companies for you and helps you beat the rest of the panel. Give me a shot?, We can't get enough of Kevin Eubanks! Catch his interview with Patti Jackson at 1:00p on Phillys Best R&B and Classic Soul 105.3 WDAS-FM, Real friends will watch you fall on your ass and help you back up again, others will just watch., Tune into the frequency of love and see where it can take you!, I'm a long-satisfied free customer, & you'll have my monthly money if your price points get closer to GDrive's, phone died call me back when your done with your shower, Long Night ahead of me -A, I texted you a LONG paragraph and you reply with: "oh lol" Why dont you get hit by a train and I'll be like "oh lol'., Whatever happened to other Olivia's baby?, nope. why?, Sent an email just now. Hopefully someone will follow up. Thanks!, I knew I ran into Patrick Kane AGAIN this year at Mifflin. Too bad I don't care that much., I be on voxer voxing u and no reply I gave up, RT : Im determined to learn stocks! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>< thats where the money at..i was goin to invest in Netflix when it first went public, I had it on 8.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093> I was suppose to get off at 3.. But ended up tryin to race this meathead dude next to me.. Smh, Sometimes I agree--yay for miracles! RT It will be nothing short of a miracle if I finish this degree, Mary J turned it out!!!, I hope you know I'm done trying to talk to u first..it's always me, #NoSchool For Me Friday! :) 3 Day Weekend...Sounds Good To Me!, Going to play Ops, I'm bored though, text me if you've got my number., Thanks so much, Andrea!, at least we'll die looking cute!, What...I need to back up my fb..have to find out how., #NewiCarlyTonight !! Remember To Tune In! Tonights Episode Is Called "iPear Store" !!, thank you :), Oh hahaa :P And omg okay so today I went to the mall to buy polo's for school. And the cashiers name was Yuri M. And I was like, - I'm loving your tweets!, I'll email you the details. Congrats!, taylor swift should've won. this is ridiculous., Labor Weekend Officially Starting yahhhhhh, i love u my friend grcey is the one who passed out with u backstage one night who had questions and all that make., thanks for your vote and for spreading the word!, I'd be careful what you wish for... I was the 2-ball knockout champ in 2nd grade :), no kidding., u still there, sometimes it's best to hit bed early & rest. No shame in taking a break.. you can also try a Hi-Potion, works in Final Fantasy, Let all who are under authority imitate these men and not obey those who give unjust orders. Bl Theophylact (Explanation of John 7:44-46), F***. I saw a Popeye's ad for a garlic butter basket and I want it. First they seduced me, now they Paula Deen me!?, I'm Gleeking out!, I need more followers in order to follow more of you, go ahead and follow me, it won't hurt a bit., And they don't fall out of the sky. Amazing. The "Blue Screen of Death" takes on a very literal meaning..., I've said it before, but never on Twitter: is the world's best live performer., I'm working on a Bible study in Numbers. God so wanted his people to be set apart - holy. He still does. Food for thought today . . ., finally followed me! YAY! Gonna go vote for him some more now! <21, They go on n on about how we need to be considerate nshit..... practice what you preach., For tweets like this, you are such The Man Brandon. Luckily, has let me in on the vision for It's so good man., Ignore the bs and let it fade away...., Mao is haunting me this Easter weekend~~~, the movement is stupid, and i said i wasn't sure if i should call myself edge since i wasn't into the movement., A lot of people lost substance in their personality since social networking got hot..., Lowry will probably be made available if they're willing to take that avenue., ugh walking around herds of other people... blah. I think a good long bike ride on the beach would do it :D, diving deep into a grounded theory project. feels goo....., Anyone spot new #PurpleLogos?, Semi-rhetorical, semi-investigatorial. (Full disclosure - OK, it's not real-life me that's blurry, but a photo of me...) :-), The Exorcist (cuz my Dick puke's green stuff!) J/K LMFAO, #GlobalDev student? Great resources for your studies bit.ly/pR7SGW #books #data #development MT, One lie is all it takes for a person to lose interest in you. Best thing to do is always be upfront, remain real and tell the truth., I hope you're in for a bumpy ride., Today's the day! A.T. Still University's Missouri School of Dentistry & Oral Health groundbreaking ceremony starts at 10:30. Please join us!, and you got em both...cuz cash rules., philly's young backup qb has the surname "kafka." i'd love for him to get big so we can hear nfl broadcasters use the term "kafka-esque.", Damn light-colored mustaches. Cause more headaches than theY're worth., I can't wait for #TheNorthRemembers to start! Thank god for HBO and The Game of Thrones., Unfortunately, no. I've nvr learned it :-(, i'v never cried this much before :'(, Hi! uploaded 2 pics for the JB birthday video :) (Im from the USA), & u know this man!, YOU KNOW WE'RE GONNA BE ON #RHOA TONIGHT, RIGHT?? LAUNCH PARTY (when we were still Danae's Creations) HOT PINK CUPCAKE BATH BOMBS, We've got a great giveaway for our 100th follower... and for our first! But no mention of the prizes 'till we hit 100..., Lot of stuff to do and not a lot of time to do it in. Allons-y!, I'm feeling the Texas Rangers Throwback Uniforms.<<Gotta cop me one of those...>>, lol understand then well guess hit me whenever questions come about !, there is a cover though because of the fight, haha! saw that picture of prince with the tongue out - hilarious. Please send that for your "montage" - haven't forgotten you!, Be safe out there this weekend East Coast!, Don't necessarily have the best of luck. While celebrating my sis's graduation at a #Miami restaurant, I found a piece of glass in my food., ": Picking up a cake from My new found treasure :)". Thanks Brittany! ...our New favorite follower :-), YES! should definitely be Jackies handle. -k, Thank you and happy new year ! rockin reverb artist :-), North Korea's Kim Jong II has died. **BREAKING NEWS**, RT : A4: wife cant stand that I only read pres non fiction. I even analyze sherlock Holmes and cussler for HP, yes sir!, I amazes me that you can have two things and name them different and one sells for thousands and one for a few bucks., i am so happy to hear that... if you chat with her soon.... give her my best, what to do in phx on a sat. night?!=P, that's what's up. I don't lmao!!!!!, There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day ~ Alexander Woollcott, have fun! i'm jealous - that place, and the people, are magic!, Thank you love:), Where do you want to save today? Know any small businesses that could use a boost in sales & revenue with our key tag method?, Like..c'mon..shut yo lil punk ass up and go to sleep., That..edge of the seat.. feeling I get when I see my phone light upp.... Hoping it's you., Anyone else in #Boston next week for ? Cocktails might be in order., You did. RT : I knew the heli crash was fishy. And Abottabad is not just "outside Islamabad". Its way, way outside., Have been so busy - just back in NYC after 4 weeks in Texas, No, I think you brought that up over drinks one night at Context, maybe? But I failed to ship you all of my clothes., It's the little things that annoy us the most. Start addressing them. You'll be surprised with what happens..., You need a credit card, an insurance policy and military lineage. I had all of them, but two under the wife's name., he wrote and directed the new #avengers movie. It was frickin, Just made from scratch the best VEGAN chilly ever!!!, Pause, bikini patrol., I shine like sumtn in the sky ;), are you guys open today?, Still a little protective about the people that I let inside., Well Yum!, maybe I will nut sack!, you know it. How is your Monday btw?, The U.S. Army Brass Quintet will present a recital and master class on Sunday, April 15, at 8:00 pm, in Goodwin Recital Hall., Time for my workout/run. Feeling great!, oh my goodness gracious sakes alive!!!!!! what on earth?!!!!! hope you get better soon!!!, With my baby ., Thank you to the Capitol Weather Gang () for their #SOTG2011 forecasts each week!, Okay people calling me... Thanks for the tip girls!, good for you. I love going to work, hahahaha naw Im not a lesbian (: hahah. I wanna look at houses with you guys if you go like walk through them!!!!, why was that old broad in Terry's face??who allowed that?, #zaynshipsdontlie This tag makes me so happy, hahahhah., you and Franco Columbo were monsters I really love the documentry you made in Pumping Iron!!, #np asap rocky - goldie, And I have the same good interactions w/other members of family too, so that makes it easier., Portland pop-punk..?, scored a trade and dropped robertson., Omar Infante with The Miami Marlins first home run!!!!!, Daring South African Rescue Features Motorcycles and a Cow [VIDEO], Confucius Say, Some Sex Is Good...More Is Better...Too Much Is Just About Right, i wish i wish i wish i wish i wish i wish a bitch woooouuuuld, Friends and family, DO NOT WORRY, there is a designated room in WPH for the administration to wait out the storm, Any tips and tricks for choosing your perfect wedding dress? How did YOU know when you found "the one?" ;), The drama the media is going to make of this next series after that Metta bow to Harden...., See you all at likemind Chicago, Spa Cafe on Monroe between Clark and LaSalle in the Loop @ 8am!, must be a "luxury" ride!, In order to make it to your goals you have to take the first step., I haven't watched any football this season., You bet!, Don't hate us because we're beautiful., Time to get ready for the weekend! Visit us at 6320 Winchester Rd, It's Rubie Tuesday! ! Time for two piercings for the price of one!, From Wizards of Waverly Place! Both will be up this week! :), ... there's something else, I own some those stocks, but all of them near their 52 week highs gives me pause., just watched lucky one with and I am madly in love once again! thank you, On erry thing this song hard, There<U+FFFD>s a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy ... her heart, Note to self: don't wear flip flops in a hail storm ... Ouch my toes!, Cross Country Flight !, not helping..., School is just so bitting right now, slight work, thanks for following! keep in touch :), This is going to be a fun project - so many amazing peeps the hard part will be figuring out who to start with!, How exciting--we've got a house full of Cubs and White Sox fans! The weather should be nice here so we're thinking the beach!, Ah!!!!!!! thank you beyond stoked, celebration ASAP once I return to D.C., 37 years ago Derek Fisher was born. 37 years ago that pick and roll was just as beautiful., Had a fantastic Easter dinner yesterday. Hope everyone had a great time with their families., Can't sleep for shit. Insomina, thanks i will definitely remind you, Happy Birthday !, Coming to a Hallmark near you. RT #mama my nigga, #NP I Just Wanna Say by Israel Houghton, I just passed 'the houses'., lol cry baby! I was joking', Wow... Grandma and i have completely different political views... Exact opposite, Thanks for the follow !, Yay loosing followers, My Name KD In Lots Of Hoods Fck Da Opps I Want Em Gone 4 Good He Want 2 End Ma Life I Gotta Arizona,Skittle Pack,And Hood, Big Announcement: We have a US star name who will star in Season 2 of Vegan 101 series. We will announce who it is shortly., hardest shit cumin out right now real talk, Saw your RSVP come through, so looks like the tubes unclogged themselves. See you in Austin!, Doctors of Chiropractic can be preventive care providers., Bosh's injury is gonna hurt miami, i luv that song :), gotta come fck wit me in the booth one of these days, aw thanks!, Thanking the man above!!! With his guidance I am blessed to see another year this morning., All I want is a President who talks tough and starts unnecessary wars because of his unresolved father issues. Is that too much to ask!?!, and vice versa. Many ppl are in the wrong relationship b/c they choose fear., one day & ill be driving to wisconsin, Getting ready for Issue 3 #transform. A few acceptance letters sent, but still plenty of room for more beautiful!, I'm watching the movie "Just Go With It", which was filmed in Hawaii, on TV while Rebecca actually is in Hawaii. How ironic., To stay in and watch Netflix all day/ night or actually go have a life.... Netflix it is., We just got yelled at for riding the dirtbike in the neighborhood . Lol . Cheyenne was screaming like a little girl ;D, Saw lots of girls in tight mini skirts tonight. Am I living in the wrong town? Where are the earthy girls in Sac?, omg I want some!, Wahoo! Enjoy it!, #ud11 #ala11 Breeding: RDA will have little impact on discovery., There are more women in the porn business than in congress and the health care field together. No wonder we aren't making any progress., SO right. We do it, and we love it. is one of them we give too!, everyone should read those torture memo Bush Cheny Rumfeld were having psychological moments what happen to manhood the law has been broken, #ItsFunnyHow you think i like you . . ., I just need a green shirt for work tomorrow!!!!:(, I hate you so much, Follow my main twitter, Black Veil Brides rock my socks off and blow my mind!!!!, compl agree which is y I said, it comes in ones own time., Pam: "Everyone sits on a chair, every day. But not everyone..." Michael: "sits on the copier!", Who's seeing The Avengers this weekend? We've already got our tickets!, Thanks for the follows!, #3WordsForYou I'm the boss, Tweet Tweet! C'mon on down for vino at Urban Enoteca...get your tweet on!, So basically, Eagles building around scheme that didn't work well rather than talent they have/had. Nice!, Great game with my seniors tonight they put it on the old men but not by much!! Thanks guys!!, way to go. go team NE!, guy that sits behind you introduced himself to me thought i was new apparently he has never seen me!, I'm sorry! Hope you can get it fixed soon., Just posted a new blog www.peggyguichu.com/blog, Congrats on getting on the Ellen show. I'm so proud of you., I am a happy drunk baby :c, Awesome! It's so great! I was impressed with the locations that were on there that I thought were hidden gems!, Thought Easter egg hunts had an age limit, She was the best of friends, she was the worst of friends. She was a Dickens friend., Cool... Maybe 10 o'clock on Sunday? I'll think about where to shoot... The motorcycle was just an idea for a future project., the plug djs, #thesockets &the whole #ilovemyplug fam gone b in #figure8 on saturday!come party wit us! $1 Entry & $2 drinks all nite!, So apparently I got an award from Obama. My dad asked if I could burn it LOL., what the hell?!, sure! that would be awesome! what would I have to do?, calling my phone u so out of pocket I been there before boy u need to stop it!, i will wifey & omg yu been so lost & i knoe sowwy i couldnt go to the babyshower i had no ride -.-, She's so fucking cute... I miss her, and her kisses. ¦, The snack buffet replaces the 1/2 off apps. We thought free would be nicer!, Why is Facebook chat confusing now? Perfect time for Google+ to swoop in, Haha sick from me. I drank your water!, I sent it ! Not that he's gonna reply though -__-, My boys goin off., Great to see a friend in the NYT Book Review! Way to go, What tells you? It starts as a "village" but then community involvement starts deciding "what's best for our children.", Thanks for the kind words. As far as how to get going on Kickstarter, it's all about emails and FB, and lots of them!, Steelers! Let's go!, just don't like you know if you don't. Haha, #WaitingForNewEminemAlbum as hard as it may be, Hi Mr. Glover; I am having some Legal problems you can help me with concerning Ophrah..Can I e-mail you Bobby perry, oh wow. this nigga just told me he loved me..IDK HOW TO RESPOND.UM YEA OK.DAMN.SMH., Guys, we are support to be supporting Austin not hating, criticizing him or making rude comments., ill see you there then., ha ha ha, RT : Takeaway: Wealth is the value you give it & what U call it. Be true to your heart and you will know this answer., #Blessings Ty!! Thank you!!, #nisoEbook Paxhia: prerequisites for success include obvious value and availability of devices. Was 2011 the Year of the eBook?, WHY DID I NEVER SEE THIS??? Omg so awesome!, A leader is a dealer in hope. -Napoleon Bonaparte, Hey I just want you to know. I was on a very important phone call. I wasn't taken a shit., my moms close friends nephew plays on the Spurs wtf she never told me thiss lol, currently on the phone with nan... Can I call you after?, No matter how many times you say "Okay", your parents will not stop talking., is this where the "we want to play in the Champions League" crew step up?, Who's ready for summer???????, TSO is 2hrs away and the Plectrum crew will be in attendance. Floor level, Second. D if your going be sure to say hello!, One of my great disappointments in Avengers was it felt weird that Banner was all hanging in Tony's car at the end. Pretty un-Banner-like., When would you sit the Big 3 for the rest of the season?, Thanks very much guys. It means a lot to me., iTunes match, yes, but iCloud is free, I kept it so muthafuckin real with you that I was blind.. Cuz I was to busy showing love I aint see the signs.., with desii , on her ipod ., SO glad there's a #Starbucks on the way back to the Metro. #cildc Good content day., Critical Thinks skills in IOWA, Not., You greatly deserve it!, I have multiple AIX Engineer spots open in Macon, Georgia. My team has filled a couple already and we are looking to fill a few more., - I don't think so, I would have remembered that for sure =/ Sorry, you just lobbed that one over the plate... haha! ;-), Thanks for spreading the word about Our Hero, gentlemen., I hope Bossypants is worth the $17 I spent on it., 2012 goals: Learn 2 new languages, travel abroad, shoot more sexy pics, continue mma training, & waste zero time on losers! Whats yours?!?, If a snow boot falls out of your closet and hits you on the head and no one is home to laugh at me.... Do I wipper in pain or ice it wit ..., ,I guess Peterson was able to beat Khan cuz of steriods right., Thanks for the follow:) u live in NYC?, A lot of formatting fixes needed all around, but OPEN and EVERY ROOM IS EMPTY at least have live pages with *some* info now..., how bad do you want them? I say just stick your hand in her pocket and find out just what is in there, haha so many damn People dressed up!!!, Check STUFF out tonight, 51 N Sandusky St, Downtown Delaware, OH. P.S. Next weekend is "First Friday" so plan to come back for specials!, hey bro its hot as hell in here tonight! Oh follow me., #Episode93 did drop #wanterful at the last of #talesofwant ?, “: Sometimes, you just want something... Different...” Absolutely, Having one child makes you a parent...having two makes you a referee. TIE YOUR TUBES!!!, You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women., would you please email me and I will email you the GAEA presentation. Tx!, Let's go Hokies!!, Car sales at Ford Motor Company were up 8 percent; Focus was the biggest seller with sales up 78 percent during this period., Come join me at the bar for great happy hour special. U know the #sun make u wanna, God bless me & company throughout this incredible journey we about to receive., If I'm the big bad internet bully, why would I just a somewhat famous person with a much larger following than me as a "victim?", yea I like it there!, I stopped everything... And they say they hate me because I walk a certain way? Guess what?? I don't fuckin care what you think, True dat! I hear you're home. We should catch up sometime., President #Obama did not feel the tremors, but he still missed the putt., i wish i went :/, I was surprised by how long it took to recover from jetlag. Is TX as hot as Vietnam?, RT : At CW 6 news in SD remember tomorrow @ tilted kilt downtown 10th & K come hangout & watch UFC fights w/ simpson, maynard, 2010 is a year of immense opportunity! Bring on the positive vibes! :-), you've got to be kidding me., Shiner and cold milk. Not as good as it sounds, look whose talking and I had a rough night, Ice cream with the family and grandparents @ Huddle's Frozen Yogurt, What's a bieber? Ah haha! And beaver loses again! This award show is proof that he(she) sucks! Oh what a great night! =)), Bout to get ready for this party who wanna join?, well, I am often interesting & not helpful... I'll keep trying., Excited for qual tomorrow!, Based on the costumes I've seen, I've concluded that Michelle Pfeiffer is some form of pixie, faerie or sprite., People shouldn't burn bridges and then turn around and ask for help across. ~~~~~, Stupidest girl in the history of humanity., When is the premiere?, Why do black guys have to be so cute !? Armenian guys <, Become a Political Advertising Intern w/ Google & cover the presidential campaign this summer/fall. Apply on AUCareerWeb today., Yeah, about a third of my mentions are gone, and I have zero messages now :-/, Thank you for the shout-out on Friday, Su! I really appreciate it. How was your weekend?, This is why I'm single. Niggas & bitches have their priorities fucked up smh, PRFer TimPickens: "asking them to use a Doritos taco shell for my Cheesy Gordita Crunch was one of the best decisions I've made in years.", serious story. One person died. Roughly 10 injured. Two others taken by flight for life, Someone familiar with the law will help get a settlement for the wronged party., Thanks to old and new friends that came to the show! What an engaging audience and powerful performers! Thrilled for what comes next!, ok weird but cool, I loved that rant on O&A about the hometown thing. Hilarious., Today's commencement speaker is John Crosby, Executive Director, American Osteopathic Association., Sorry I haven't replied sooner. Thanks for the kind words. I love doing the show!, Is it sad that the application I use the most on my Blackberry is a timer? P.S. This tweet took 33 seconds to type., For #pdaebook have both an evaluation and an evacuation plan -Champieux, It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one #GeorgeWashington #quote - Let #TermPaperDom fulfill your academic needs to avoid bad excuses, - thanks for the follow. Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com, Watching Metta World Peace on Conan. Never thought it would come to this., Super excited & nervous all at once!!!! NYU - Here I come!!! Ah!!! I can't even breath! Just payed for 3 classes!, HEY! Be sure to follow Matt & Nick on their channels! and AND follow Matt on Ping! Just search "Matt Ruiz" :D, Is there a way to set Wordpress to automatically update on when installed via one-click?, Only two days until Christmas! Stop by your local bookshop for a perfect last-minute gift., omg a spider jus crawled into my shirt!! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Scared me!!!!!, #waystogetunfollowed Maybe finding Waldo?, Do you plan on writing any more children's/YA books?, #TheVow preview gets me every time can't wait to see it in theaters, We got baseball bats like them Indians and my team pop off like cowboys, JUST SMILE AND WAVE BOYS,JUST SMILE AND WAVE., Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters. Inspiration can come in many forms. What inspires you to go that extra mile, to be great, excellent?, Pshh iWish(; <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083><U+26C4> RT : Why are you chewing gum in class?! Chill. It's gum. Not cocaine., Its official now.. R.i.p maidelis :* <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>, have you heard Dirt Poor Robins' version?, Boy, do I know that feeling. *uncomfortable*, I'm not sure who this Raider QB is but I'm really liking this guy!, Happy to have gained a few new temporary coworkers at #BIChallenge today 2 weeks to help the !, Had to use one of those Beer Rep "Hang Over" days off today. Got alot done around the house. Slept all day. Back at it tomorrow. TGIF, i just feel really uncomfortable right., A Singer/Artist has the courage to expose himself on stage,not to give in despite the criticism and to take action against all odds., my job is here !!!! Lol I'm 60 miles from downtown chicago...., & also a great person :) I mean a girl can look good & B da hottest but if her attitude ain't just as equal then she UGLY hehe, Hm... Was I talking about this before? I'll be doing a workshop at Africa Travel Association's Congress at Vic Falls., (holding up sports boxers I'm buying) Walmart checker: so these are like undies, but they keep you dry? No need to powder the donuts then., I like your cross..I have one but I'm getting ready to get some sleep being 3:05AM here in Pittsburgh., Wishing I was at Wrigley Field right now, that was one ugly win, #jayhawks, but i'll take it., #thatmoment of enjoyment when someone you don't like looks fat, morning bro, Fresh new Nike live wallpaper!, I would be beyond stoked if there was a Burgatory downtown. I would go every single day., Hope you enjoyed! RT: Lunching at any must tries? As much as I love bacon, I'm kinda intrigued by vegan menu option, I want whatever Bob Pisani is smoking., We have prizes for the first 3 people to check-in to the HP Field House on FB or 4square and come see Jameka in Section 109, Row 2, Seat 1, Should I rock true religion tomorrow or Rock & republic, Oof. Just got my fourth paper cut of the day. This needs to stop., A plotless drama starring people in rabbit suits, how is it that I have never seen David Lynch's _Rabbits_?, Good morning Sandy! Thanks for the shout-out. :) Have a great Friday., Dont rush it, Wonder how the warm weather will affect St. Patrick's day festivities? Lots going on., I don't even know what that means...??, What are you looking for in a health club?, yea it dose lol, Facebook says we're friends, but trust me…I wouldn't hesitate to throw a chair at your face., I.just want a quick fix, Sounds heavenly. Are strawberries in yet?, Degree completion - Portland Center; we've been the same building and we didn't even know it! Heard your name around the halls., I will be sending out a #ff in a little bit, but i wanted to sent one out that i need everyone on board for.... Let's get to 4k, WE R GOING, In "line" at the DMV. The doors open in 2 minutes and I'm one of ~30 waiting outside of it., I did. I really did. Gosh, this better be fun or I'm kicking your butt., And you love every one!, man listen, let me know when you try the nutella !! then we can have twitter conversations about nutella recipes!!!, I hate the way desperate housewives ended. seriously?!, oh. It'll be okay!, I am always in such a good mood now¢<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>, how did you get the email from where ?, Wow ESPN, none of the hockey players lost this year appeared in the Tribute to athletes lost this year. Way to be classy, Rah rah oo la la Ga Ga ha ha ha!, Prof just called the NCAA the "n c two a"... No., so glad this cold is almost gone it seemed like it was just gone get worse and worse but it sure was fun giving it to everyone else..., Gahhhh I'm craving sushi so bad!, thank you! ^ag, U like my heart <$, New week, fresh start...quadruple up first hand...see things are looking better already!, Brewers vs Braves - Good call on not walking Uggla, Oh and at 9am we will have here live as well., HWOOD tonight yall! give me a ring if you need anything!, we've discussed how I feel about Barney.., Im trying to follow you back!, Apple's abandonment of upgrades in the app store and for the pro apps is because that business model's ship has sailed., Is the NHL all-star game going back to the east-west format? From what I've been hearing that's what it sounds like., RT : So excited to announce that will be sponsoring a cookie decorating table at the #MKEfoodies Holiday Bake Sale., send us a fucking picture man. Jesus this is bullshit. I wish I was there, Green Bay Packers v.s Eagles game(:¦. Comment the pics please&i'll return the favor. School in the am&then practice. Text the celluar¦, I thought you saved the trash-talk for the postseason.., can you please come back to philly and teach the boys to hit please. This is to frustrating Charlie needs to sit em all a gam, Seriously though, why do I have to be so short?, happy national chocolate day, At #vatorsplash looking forward to some good pitches!, Leuchter: re generating revenues... notes expanding out of student enrollment, exploring whether grad prgm can be self-supporting., I think it's bKuz I'm light skinned, It's a wonderful day to sing Mr. Rogers songs to your neighbor or you can come sing them to us down at Credo. ^jl, lol yeah it sucks when that happens. I wld normally go 2night cause I put.mine off also but think I'm gonna wait., Remember her raspy breathing & they didn't edit it out every time she would breathe. It was obnoxious., thanks very much. How did you connect with us?, you're way behind on approving posterous items. Shake a leg., You know you're a band geek when you use how happy you are by a scale of 0-updated prelims score., Kinda wondering WTF I'll be doing in Toronto when not working., Thanks for the link, was having a hard time finding it., i'm so in need of a celebration, ha! I just saw it. Thx!, This one girl gave me a hug out of no where. Smelled like kiwi(:, Just enjoyed lunch with some great people, Have you tried Burma Superstar yet? It's a major YUM., THANK YOU, This guy next to me in the changing room wont stop complaining, meeting coming up.....lots to do!, -- Hi Michelle. We want to add Wine & Roses Charity Wine Tasting to event listing. It's June 10. Who to contact?, I can't stop refreshing the Marketplace to see if 2.1 has populated. I can't wait!!, which tweet-up are u talking about?, Game time approaching.........Warriors come out and play, Amazing spot!, AH! It sounds like he'll recover quickly. Wondering if he'll miss the annual meeting? Would be the first time in 40+ years., “ The Zodiac Top Difficult Matches: Aries/Cancer | Taurus/Leo | Gemini/Virgo | Cancer/Libra | Leo/Scorpio |Virgo/Sagittarius.”, I'm trying to close my "enthusiasm gap" before the end of the month..., gotta hold back ., Thanks, I will!, When my tummy hhurts & you rub my tummy #ThatsCute <3, Be sure to tune in to 190 North tonight at 11PM on ABC! I'll be on to talk about during the 190 Cyber Surf segment!, Okay, maybe I should re-scope this method. I'm halfway through level 1 (15,000 700x500 pixel images) after 15 minutes and 2 gigs, You're very welcome. We love your work!, hey every one JCWESTERN, is having HUGE SALE in both stores call for more info on are 50%OFF SALE at561-748-8801will ship any where in USA, Coach Doba is in his flight back for Cougar Week in Spokane, bring on Great Games in Cougar History!, Steinem: show me one thing that is not profoundly transformed by including everybody., back to #cleaning....off to do the hallway so the #kids can do some painting :), SMH. too many injuries and bad calls for Pittsburgh to overcome in the first half., 97% of those photos are about cats, Craving sushi right now, Banks holding vacant houses fined. Enforcement of ordinances for all parties is what I'll continue to urge Bing Administration to undertake., Today: getting out of the office and exploring Georgetown., much love G when you comin back to ptown, Lazing around knitting and watching the redwings game., So many parents showing their kids how to use the library at the Ballard branch! Love it., I'm giving away ten 6-month subscriptions to the premium content from The Art Of Self Exile. 1st ten to reply, "me" receive them., Mint Condition coming to Showbox Market on July 20th! Wuuuuuut!?, Back to the long ass schedule tomorrow (n), You have to try our Newest Pizza Creations - like our Sweet Sunshine Pizza! Check out our menu for details!, Good luck. Nice to see a daughter of Vindication running so well., They are Laker Fans im guessing but Clippers are only down by 8, I second that motion. Well I'm technically third lol *fist pumps*, Rolling power outages and the Super Bowl, Just found out my sister is being sent to live in Indiana for a while...i'm gonna really miss her <U+E401>, A tax pledge Grover Norquist probably thought of in high school is about to drive our entire country off the cliff., RT “: Keep others in suspended terror: cultivate an air of unpredictability.”, Thanks for your help!, shoutout to jeremy for not using a condom, "...his affection toward her was misplaced, like a hashtag on Facebook...", Young Justice is such an amazing show! The writers did some serious research! I can't get enough, Sounds like DVD's rule with you and hey that works just fine. Love movies and more movies., Rolling thru Jefferson on my way to pick up my lil turd from school jamming to that xo till we overdose, "Only great passions can elevate the soul to great things." -Denis Diderot. THURSDAY! THAT MEANS THAT TOMORROW IS FRIDAY! Lets make it great, There is a free concert with Algebra Blessett and Julie Dexter performing next Friday. You know me..a thrill for a deal! Bloggin It., Lunchtime get here already., Hitchcock movies gave me unrealistic expectations of how hair should behave in a convertible., 10 more chocolates ;), Lost all my followers. Jesus, Mary and Joseph., hey that's super dope!, OK FINE I UNFOLLOWED YOU CAUSE I DONT LOVE YOU ANYMORE, Mention "TWITTER" to receive your FREE consultation today! 310-209-7700, Rest in peace Mr. Don Cornelius, Every time I sing at karaoke, all I can think of is and how amazing it would be if I could sing in front of them.., I miss our talks :(, Marlon Brando's motorcycle from "The Wild One" is worth an estimated L500,000 or $659,682.28; however, no one knows where it is., Confession17: im looking for a girl to plant seeds and have babys, The 1080p video on the iPhone 4s is pretty impressive., Car wash <U+2714> Car detail <U+2714> Grocery shopping <U+2714> Afternoon run <U+2714> Now what?..., spotted: #flyingdog t-shirt @, Just want to say that after last night's BCS Championship game, we all should know how to take a snap, hold, and kick field goals. #1TD?, I wish it was Summer to be bringing my body fat down this low! I've never been so cold!, NBA cares, awesome choices! Have you ever been in before?, and while u do it imma be Pretty girl rocking! *Keri Hilson voice*, I did., To marry me.. YOLO Lmfao prob too Come to boston, Could this having anything to do with the Boston Redsox amazing start to the season?, Wisconsin for the 3peat!, If A's hold on & win today, they lead 9-5 in 8th, then A's will be 4-2 w/ Inge playing for them I have a sickness, keep tracking his stats, I'm just kidding Hahahahaha. And I know it is, you're my motivation., Univ of Chicago discovered that rats will work to help other rats who are in trouble. How does this attitude separate them from Republicans?, #ff some of my longtime biz favorites, For the next 2 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: $1 off any 2 or 4 egg breakfast sandwich!, Wake up twits, Birthday party, cheesecake, jelly bean, BOOM!!! (And I feel fine...), we were just out there and it was way too hot for me lol nothing like that heat out there maybe u should move to denver:), Number 1 seed in next weeks USCAA WORLD SERIES!!!!, where do you go tanning now, 1Co 13:13 And now faith, hope, charity, these three remain; but the greatest of these is charity., Yes I was one of the lucky ones that was hacked a month or so ago so I knew nit to open the direct message. How are you, Liz?, Mark Leggott discussing "Hylandora" the Hydra \ Islandora interoperability initiative at #dcfedora11 users group meeting, yea but i kno ya pic... U #ny ... Fresh 2death ya face on my #TL makes me smile... #UnforgettableFace <3, what was my excuse then?, we support !, After a wrong turn landed us in the hood in N.O. we saw a dude flying a kite in the middle of the street. Can't make this up., so sorry I am missing you all. Tough tough week with midnight or later nights every night., I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today. - William Allen White, It feels like summer! I can't wait!! This summer is gonna be CRAZY<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>, "Smooth jazz is jazz with the fangs and innovation forcibly removed. Thus, it is jazz, but not jazz at the same time. Schrödinger's Jazz.", I think it's hilarious how much the staff at this Davanni's hate each other & how much they don't even hide it., I KNOW!!! I Was like omg...you guys...WEVE WALKED THROUGH HERE 5 TIMES!!!, Im @ jasons page now. Not showin anyone there..., Make it happen., everytime I go to get on twitter I accidentally try and get on twotter, Should I start using this account again?, Giants all in RT : What team you want? or, I'm guessing that better? Ha, “ It is an illusion to believe that ideology is enough. Some call it tough love, but it simply is the truth.”, See link I just tweeted to see why I find ideas like "21st century education" unnecessary., In the pub ready for the rugby! #come on Wales!, I'm still trying to decide if I'm that gay.., You are very welcome. Karma rewarded me with a free shot after you left., 62 days until opening day, but who’s counting., Ima stop bothering her, she can be pretty moody. With her slick ass comments, yea I'm going to hit that up #lemonpepper maybe I'll see Troy Aikman !, .......I actually liked it, An act of God was defined as "something which no reasonable man could have expected.". -A. P. Herbert, that is awesome! How did you like the training?, im bout to remake that song,just the hook part tho..., Bunion Taping, i just want a main recap!;), I can’t sand when people leave messages and they’re like “hi, it’s me…” Yeah, I know it’s you. That’s why I didn’t pick up, ...which is included in the package of pretending to care deeply about interactive human relationships., latest (great) band name idea: Daniel Burnham & The Plan. which opens the door to a record titled: Emerald Necklace., RT RT : US rank 4 #women in national legislatures tied with that democracy, Turkmenistan/We can do better., hey text me, Awesome news. Congratulations, Tim., Stop by my office a few minutes before. No dress code., yes! I'm there til Sunday or Monday this time, "Girls hug all the boys except me and I just smile but it hurts." if I ever met them, I'd only hug Niall because of this quote., FroYo or Ice Cream?, Just found out that ABC canceled Life on Mars and I am so not happy about that. It is such a good show! *pouts*, You could always stay in town. I'm sure there would be something to do in town that night...., Hey Sharon, I'm tired of that advice too., me ignoring ?? WTF, Tune in MSNBC w/ Martin Bashir!!!!!!, #andypoll Consider volunteering or unpaid internships doing cool stuff., i love you. (: I feel like an old person trying to figure everything out!, Recall election against Wisconsin GOP Sen. Terry Moulton of Racine ordered by state elections board, Talk doesn't plow the field, I should be makin a list (I know) but imma be under the mistletoe<U+03E1>, Lehigh might have won, but I think they're cheerleaders might also play on the football team. Lookin like offensive linemen on the sideline, Re. dentist's waiting room: makes a twisted kind of sense, if you think about it, I am sorry but I usually think of something else when it comes to females genitals and it is not like a secret formula :), Have you found any interesting images?, what's it about?, Stone cold smirk., This is happening all over the United States!, -.- never texted back! Thats fucked up......, SO EXCITED!!! Pre-Sale should be up for my album "REACH THE SKY" by tomorrow!!! Thank you for all your support!!!, Shocking but his tweet mentioned Derrick Lee., Very nice., At first I was a QUALITATIVE woman but now I am all QUANTITATIVE! It's all about the numbers! This world's system LOVES those numbers!, and we're thankful for your thankfulness!, Pre-conference institute topics include: motivational interviewing, medical respite care, chronic pain management, advocacy and PCMH., Enjoying a Bloody Mary in a glass on the track at Daytona: #Schneidalicious!, Weird snowstorm getting you down today? Escape to the library!, no she shot into ceiling and got 20yrs., how bout that, Thanks for the follow! :D, Either I have long, luscious eyelashes or the lenses on these sunglasses are remarkably close to my eyeballs., Now were headin' back to Nashville!!!<3, I don't make you feel special, I just remind you that you are special. David F. Sims, when ya coming back, - I wonder often who actually says "woot" I see it in print and can't ever bring myself to say it..., both it's a good thing right now bc in fucking up, #MusicWasBestWhen it wasnt all about sex, money & drugs, and proud of it lmfao, Teams that are below .500 in the middle of summer are not often seen as in the race., happy mothers day love! & congratulations graduate! I'm proud of u!, you have a nice ass don't listen to Christine she is a whore..lol, I Love you too <3, 1.COLTS-LUCK...2.REDSKINS-RG3...6. RAMS-BLACKMON(PLEASE) YES I'M A RAM FAN!!, Yes...how can I help you? Anything..., Getting my chest waxed. YOLO., Nice! What part of Cali? That's my homeland. :), Doing Crossfit again. WOD: Chelsea. I hurt so good., If you should ever find someone new, I know he better be good to you., Ok seriously it was funny the first 3 times. Screw you, no baby my message wouldn't send, “Chicago DJ Network” is playing my music. www.chicagodjnetwork.com, Lame “: Uh oh RT Hi folks, due to new BBC Twitter guidelines, responding to individuals and RTs can no longer happen.”, Cheers to the freaking weekend because I don't have to work., The things I'd do to you.., What kind of teacher sends out lecture notes at midnight? A big fat slacker., I'm busy with work . My sister been living with me though she looking at a condo on top of hip restaurant! How have you been, On my Martin shit... YOU GO GIRL..., "Im lookin for some brain to boost my IQ"Hahaha gotta love miss minaj, Full moon in the skylight, feeling legitimately crazy., One of my boys spend so much time telling me negative things bout myself but yet around me almost everyday. #bigmistake A Island man I be.., funny talking boners with you today., Barton kicks Man City player in knee AFTER original red card..., Off the plane for 40 minutes and still no bag... Why does Austin have the slowest bag return of anywhere American Airlines flies?, Hey.... Can I be your bestfriend :3 Please? Por Favor? :D, Just got evicted from my cubicle without a 5 day notice, too lifted to care. All I need is a computer and my work., LOOKING FOR NEW TALENT: message me for details about promotion, production, beats, I passed it with 100%! One down three to go. It gets less math and more memorization from here. Not my strongest area., Thanks for the RT. Have a great week!, I better get started on my homework. Ok, so it's 5:25 I'll tweet when I'm done., Gonna run lines for my one woman show -in bed!!, The cat I'm catsitting keeps stuffing himself up under my recliner despite a pillow blockade. I just hauled him out again. Not amused., idgaf so now you wanna talk.??? you're werid i bet you like that kinky shit., You can order by visiting www.UmeusCloth.com ": how can I order a tee-shirt??", Suffolk County Championship tn at 8 @ Farmingdale State College, Plus, I heard we're going to be giving away some CDs! ;), douche bag., Still have my gradventure braclet on (:, sure thought he was on letterman couple nights ago #FAT=funny, “: Hugging cute strangers #yolo ” too bad he wasn't a stranger to me ;D, What if sunblock was a placebo...you think it's blocking the sun but it's not?, When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them., THATS BET NOT BE HANNAH MONTANA!!!!!, imagine if them four did a song together? #winning #songofthecentury Z-Swag & B-Swag could dance on the vid too :), Rumor has it! Rumor has it! Rumor has it!, Hi Kat, Thanks for the follow!...the demos are supposed to be ready in a couple of more weeks..., Meetings, work, friends and family all weekend! And hopefully some pool worthy weather<U+2600>, Recruiting Rankings outside the top 20 teams are like Self Labeled Experts preseason projections....absolutely worthless, Don't you be holdn back your love.., Life's to short for beige. Let us add some color to your life with a free estimate. We have perfect 5 star ratings on Yelp., I Know Just How You Feel, Workout mode, Here in the US it's, Thanks to Imelda, and Anne, and everybody who helped! What a great show!!!, RT “: Hey everyone, fill your gas tank when it's half empty and enjoy the illusion that you're spending less on gas”, I'm glad I put a smile on my baby face tonight..told him let the bs go.Make ur money boo.=), So I'm changing my last name today. Initials officially going from ASH to ASS., Ikemen Desu Ne with English translation <-----DO WANT, Savory meat boosts business savvy 35 points RT : Hey sosh team meeting on ur patio @ 3PM > cool?, Hello Cali... who's ready for another great show at #NAMM ? I am!, Adele sets fire to the rain. I'd love to see that., Bridgeport Ebemezer Ale on now at Lotties!, My house smells like burnt food., Star Trek: The Motion Picture is about a half hour of story packed into 2 hours of 1979's brand new special effects., Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?, I will give it a try again. No bad here, my mouth just hates me and attacks me sometimes :(, Re: Dream show, I would love it if you would include advice and tips from successful, debt-free people, real-world and celebs, This seems like a reasonable time to go to bed., good deal., Pretty good, still have a lot to do., I walk up in the club wit a hunnit bands all girls hit the floo and do they money dance., Happy Monday! Every Monday, all day, 18" XL Pie for $11.99!!, Okay, that just made me laugh. My parents are making animal noises at each other. Erm., I hope the squirrel runs into the basement because I will kill that mo fo, Rocky IV never get old, glycolic acid=speed up cell turnover, I'll be sure to pass that along. And you're not too bad yourself! (you know we're not the same person, right?), Allergies have kicked my ass today. Seems like no type of meds work. Hopefully tomorrow will be better., HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I hope you have a GRAND day love you xoxo! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>, my real favs are rock & stone cold, im big on the 90s era., HAPPY BeLaTed Birthday i saw shoes at the store and it said bella so it reminded me that i forgot to say happy birthday, Thanks, Helen!, I sent ya another one, here for my brother's wedding :-), would be fun with ya :), The awkward moment when someone says "you two should go out!" and you're like: ...... I wish., "Abbie is bending over the cradle, her face full of terror yet with an undercurrent of desperate triumph."- DESIRE UNDER THE ELMS (1924), need a broker?!, Expresses his deepest sympathy and condolences to the family of fellow WVU Mountaineer, Chris Henry. God bless., I don't like chocolate so I think I'm biased., Yep, as is U of Houston to coincide with their move from C-USA to the Big East. It can be done. Gotta think big though..., thanks for your sponsorship! safe travels!, Ever tried replacing stock with Better Than Bouillon? One of our favorite products and offered in Organic and Vegetarian :), 2nd verse of new song is starting to gel! On the piano working kinks out of the bridge., an hour to hour 1/2. 30 min of cardio and weight 3x a week, So they blowing up the city of Chicago wen NATO get here huh, congrats! That's the way to close out a game & series!, ": Thanks for the support. Wait till you hear my new music tho. #straightcrack" can't wait mydude!, I know is tired when I can "out math" her., All eyes on North Carolina today., No. Somewhere along the line my account was hacked. Sorry for inappropriate tweet. Hope you're having a better day than I am!, All of the islands on ONE website!! That's Island Connex! www.islandconnexsitecome Please support the movement!!!!, Oh dear I got an instagram now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>, #stuffedup Stupid sinuses. Is it sinuses or sini?, Where everybody at????, Lawl at girls who stuff their bras..., If SOFT Spencer Hawes or Lou "pump" Williams are resigned will be CRIMINAL!, if it cured a disease, saved lives, hell yes I would. Knowing that I contributed to our world in that way would mean more than $, Anything you can't do I can't do better. I can't do anything better than you!, Wow thought had all of that one, looked so good., Come on Lakers, 10 days til we launch on our mobile app! RT this for a chance to win a $25 gc @ any bripp bar!, Single mothers always assume they have the hardest time. Try being a, Depressing... Lautman says workers entering workforce now in US are less educated than those retiring., NPR's Kinsey Wilson: Andy Carvin, master at tweeting from Middle East. One-day high of 839 tweets over 16 hours. Expert at sourcing., #HipHopEd () ...prime/diesel like a truck in the eye of the storm/and when I transform / even Michelle Rhee can't stop my, #4hb just works. Boring but effective (and I'm barely exercising), RT : “: "Whoever gossips with you, will gossip of you." ~ Oscar Wilde” So true, Humanity is surely doomed if someone can get a pimple as bad as the one on my forehead., taking tests all day in order to graduate high school :( failed my permit test..twice, Boy:What do I have to do, to tell u I love u? Girl: [Shruqs] Boy: I.. Love... U. (They kiss for a moment) Girl: That's all u had to do! ;], Oh ms. Crabtree...I've got a pain in my heart, this time tomorrow you'll be in your last exam before FL!, your just so AMAZING! your voice is just... <3 follow..?!, and and!! Twitter baby momma and daddy don't forget;p, Act 1 Completed on Normal, By the way Mr. Vice President, you'll buy Ice Cream for randos at Dairy Queen, but can't make a Baja Fresh run for the First Fish?, ARTISTS IM GOING IN FOR MY CELEB BDAY BASH HIT ME UP TOO GET A CHANCE TOO PERFORM AND A MIXTAPE SPOT WITH THE HOTTEST CELEB MIXTAPE DJS!!!, Have you done your NCAA bracket? Who is in your final four?, *txt* thanks and... I dont think so..., Yes! The amount of charge and the kW consumption are both important to watch. RT Shouldn't you watch the kW consumption..., thank you! One day I'll do likewise!, Anyone remember the old commercial for Dunkin Donuts, "Time to make the donuts". That's me...up early and getting some work done., Hi Lori...I get it. LOL, well. Okay then!, That's a crazy addiction. She was "The Bomb" !!!, hey since mine and hannahs birthday is on november 10th do u tink u could say happy birthday Please, RT You are hysterical! Thanks for the belly laugh at your expense.//Um, what did I do?!, good thing I was worried about you!, Prepping for the mothers day edition of #carlsononthelaw on tune in at 11, I hate iced coffee., Anheuser-Busch InBev is selling its theme parks, including SeaWorld and Busch Gardens, to private equity firm Blackstone Group, I'm sick again!, Hello Spring! Good to see you again., Ok who's at the softball field trying to shoot there? #MHCCIM #needtogetpriorpermission lol, There's a crow outside of my window eating a dead squirrel's brain. Make a cute cartoon show outta that, Disney!, Media archaeology is like an affordance; theory as affordance: making things happen. ~Parikka, Tight All Star Game. Nice work by the Seatown reps, aw, thank you! You do the same :), I'm thinking I should eat before going to the grocery store. I'm still trying to get rid of all those white castle burgers in my freezer., too bad I'll be missing it- looks like a great lineup! I will be back in #Seattle for though! Hope to see you then., Cleaning getting things organized just to move out in a month, Spoke with Tory Miller today, still in NYC after his Beard award Monday. Dinner's going to be 11 Madison Park, Craft or Takashi., Well at least I got some stuff done., If you could achieve any one goal in your life within 24 hours, which goal would have the greatest impact? Health? www.healthfacts4all.com, Our expectations ARE incredibly high!, Thanks for tweeting about our coupon to your followers also, !, Heard from our friends at World Team Tennis from NYC & they were RAVING about Greenhouse! Thx for proving us right!, Beautiful Sunset! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0084>, Why are vampires in shows n movies so damn hunky!!!, $283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy., thanks so much! and i know, shes beautiful!, Bella Swan ’s Carolina Herrera Wedding Dress To Be Reproduced Kate Middleton's Wedding may have been the most anticipated day of the ye, im always cooking sweetheart!, A smile is a curve that sets everything straight. ~Anonymous, In La-La Land : ) Get On My Level, Lydia is perfection., The value of relationship hav went to 0 without a value of something theres no love not jus bf gf famil or God theres no love or commitment, 1D fans: stop freaking, please. 1D deserves more fans- icarly will be a bridge to that. Be happy for 'em like suggests! :), RT : Huntsman manager says: "It was time for Republicans to rally around a candidate who could beat Obama." Adds: It's Romney, is looking forward to running in the LA Rock & Roll Marathon with my wife, Eileen Prudhont, tomorrow, Sleeping all day and night sounds good., tshirt totes anyone?, Happy Thanksgiving from #Luxe Essentials!, NWST: #Mariners Reax with and #Blazers for sale? responds to rumors + Snag w/ #Kings new Arena, A healthy, civilized society would never deprive its citizenry of equal justice under law!, Last day of freshman year. Been a good year 3 more left, L<U+03B9>vin' young & wild & free, “: Asher told me he really liked my poof this morning. Ha ha” love it!, Just spoke at #gigabitcity w/ 5 minute notice-eek!, fork that!, good and yu?, #rbs11 uses evocative phrases for digital glunk hiding on your hard drives, such as: “Space junk” or “Fossilized fragments.”, ok...3 things. 1. Sign up 4 camp 2. Come 2 Emerge Sunday @ 6pm 3. Sign up 4 camp on Sunday at Emerge at 6pm. That is all. Thank you!, Sittin her plotin how ima get my boy out of jail, RT : Girls have the stupidest conversations. No wonder guys zone out when we're talking, This account will be silent indefinitely in 24 hours in solidarity with workers all over the world. They should have expected us., Just when I thought you couldn't hurt me again... I was wrong bro, Zach has done it again! Listening to Beirut's The Rip Tide. Musical genius., I'm excited Sr. Pastor of the Salem Baptist Church of Chicago will join me for the 1st day of the WALK starting n NY June 5th, ew no diet. Might as well go all out, okay. Did you hear about Sally?, Listen, are you breathing just a little and calling it a life?, Girls Empowerment Coach training class starts tonight. Ready to connect with my new student. PUMPED, my moms like can u move I said BARELY and she's like well it's not broken but I maser her go get me a finger splint, FWIW, I don't believe Tomas Vokoun will head to the KHL. He will be in either Tampa or Toronto next season., Yeah Nino Brown story is fire. So is this concert DVD. Check it out for ya boy., <3 Everyone Loves You <3 I Hope I made You Smile After You Read This :], Fuck yes! Taking Back Sunday <3, I read your post & sighed, took another sip of my coffee. Love my guy who golfs, guitars & skateboards! No chaos., #thatawkwardmoment when the first girl shows up to a party full of dudes, She said he's alright for an old guy., How can these grown women let other women talk to them crazy on, People in CA MOSTLY get it on the Fwy. But they are so unused to walking, they fail at using the sidewalk/elevators., remember when you used to com the su on a lil hang hi slay pro....yep i pulled that outta no where, thanks for sharing! We hope you are learning great action items from the book., ftp script stopped working exactly at midnight #leapdaybug ?, that sucks!!!, I call my sister, sister. X3, Important tweet! (Importweet?) EHS's fall 2012 spots are almost gone so if you or anyone you know needs a room, get in touch! 1-800-385-1689, I love thunderstorms during the day., Fire in the disco...Fire in the Taco Bell...Fire in the disco...Fire in the gates of hell, Prepping podcast interviews for 3 big time social scientists over the next 2 weeks for, Ask iLounge: Managing Devices in your iTunes Store Account, I'd agree. If there were million dollar plans, everyone would just follow them. People are the way. Cheers., Today is going to be a good day!, I sincerely wish you good luck with whatever you do after ETF., However, I am thoroughly amused one of my parents will be taking me to the doctor tomorrow., research query giving me a good reason to immerse myself in the Reconstruction era accounts of the city fire department. Win., you are so right. It's a guy thing. Always has been., It's all about the #Ratings!, I havent figured out how I feel about The Devil All The Time by Don Pollock but it's definitely worth your time. Pollock is a great writer., Damn , overtime !, "They made shots, we made turnovers. Not a good combination." Reasons to like Rick Carlisle., I hate homework and make up work but I only have three weeks of school left.i should probably be playing the final countdown right now., FYI the team sheets for Wis and MSU posted on NCAA site are incorrect. They show that the teams have played one another 4 times, because I'm a poor college kid who can only afford basic cable. :(, #NeverTellAGirl shes ugly or point out her flaws, Just ripped up some pants.. Got some new shorts :)), Still amazed that the Seattle Public Library system has an iPhone app. I like living in the future. Thanks !, Anybody see Phish's Mike Gordon play for free today in SF?, My best will never be enough, Not sure what you mean that we have nothing to eat. With 18 restaurants we have a popular mix of options., I miss you, Leo Piano., Rocking this Friday out & loving new followers Thank you!, Tonight with anthony adams at 3 brothers pizza murfreesboro, UGH I WANT THIS EXAM TO BE OVER WITH., We're taking MONDAY'S OFF! Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint New Hours are Tue - Sun 11:00am to 10:00pm, love that AVI, Hey Bitches...In the Trenches at 10 this morning. Uncle Greg used to use questionable substances in the NFL....he still does but he used to, Holy shit it's friggin hot! D:, made my day today ! (:, Success is not the key to happiness. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful Albert Schweitzer, Somebody cheer me up... I'm forced to pay $720 in EZ-PASS fines before I can register my car., I'm looking 4ward to Thrive Lunch at Shanghai Grill this Thursday! Not only do I get to have lunch with gr8 people, I get to eat GR8 food!, > mira k cute! RT : rehjjgijeirhqeuhrq why did you have to tell her!! ( / . \ ), they got that shit figured out fam!, Heading to Las Vegas today for the #ASA2011 meeting! Hope to see you all there, and don't forget to visit at Booth #306 for 20% off!, Shoutout to all SIG leaders serving their peers & helping #ISTE better connect & serve its 20K members. Thank you for your service. Plz RT, Watching the Knicks we gotta pull this shit off tonight !!!!, GOD HAS SUMTHN INSTORED FOR ME. I CAN FEEL IT. SUCCESS IS ON ITS WAY, Love 's new CD, We wish all those who celebrate this weekend a very meaningful and joyous holiday. Merry Christmas!, Looking for an LA publicist. Immediate hire. Suggestions anyone? For &, How'd I miss THAT story. He WHAT?! iShant. Shouldn't he just sit quietly and be happy he's not in prison?, The One Thing The Media Isn&#39;t Telling You About The Blind Chinese Activist, Dear Stephen Curry: LETS GO!, really? I'm sitting next to you. Bahaha., The radio version of young wild and free......ahahahahaha, Ohh Yeah he got one .., does this mean I can have your Coldplay tickets? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>, Finally made it to twitter. Ready to shovel even more online content into my already ADD brain. Absurd?, sugar...spice...&& everything nice, a Exclusive & Fun party where we sale & show sex toys, romance inhancers & sensual items. It's fun, educational, & inexpesive., I'm seeing Linkin Park and Incubus September 7th. (:, Heading to work for another busy day, Rt ": Off to the airport! DWAir is headed DOWN UNDER BABY!!!!!!!" LOVE it!! Safe Travels XOXO, Double take on fashionbaggage.com, thanks boo! When are you free this week? My parents are out of town let's get drunk!, Time for a Taco Time break-the chicken soft taco fills me up w/o slowing me down., The best type of stretching is static stretching- a low, continuous stretch. This type of stretch is recommended for stretching exercises., its ok. #NYRangers will win tonight, well before the missle lands on earth, so will the #Pens vs., Thank you! other insights to encourage more supes to embrace sm, Matusz is at 73 pitches with one out in the fourth. Not the comeback effort he was hoping for, obviously., worked a fight sequence with Jaqui from the Walking Dead for a scene we will do together - an amazing actress, I was really scared!, morning ya'll, Bernie's? The other day Ben said it was a no go now., Omgg you made a new account!(: Ah I love you!<3, oh that's bad :/ and you have try it to eat?, "Consultant" does not work for us any more. However we are still using Twitter. Apparently a Rolex is no substitute for a brain, my computer settings are for "English (UK)" & i'm in US- just realised so everything I'm typing is getting a British correction... funny :), Hoping to get you sprung like bail bonds., thx pancakes! It was a blast!!, Sorry on the late reply. Sales fixed it for me. Thank you, lol every time I think we coming something ALWAYS com up n ho wen did u made ur twitter, we just sent you a DM., Bruh!! Choke that hoe til you good n tired, The fact that it went from " I beat the pussy up up up " to " lloro por ti by Enrique iglesias <<<<<<, nice looking start up. Look forward to seeing what you guys accomplish in the near future., Harrison in for Youngs, Pancakes? RT : The Mavs discussed how active Hickson has been. What do you think the Blazers breakfast table discussion was?, Video Of The Day!!!!!!: ESPN Michael Jordan Commercial -- It's Not Crazy, It's Sports #SportsBiz , Spotted by, I'm aight, just coolin. Waiting for this semester to be over., RT "Sex, Power & Speaking Truth: Anita Hill 20 Years Later," on Sat, Oct 15 in #NYC, Anita Hill to keynote!, Thanks guys for your support. Stop by soon. Cheers, It's Day 2 at #SportsExposSLC! What are you enjoying at the show? Tweet us pictures!, locbit allows advertisers to reach customers by #location and only charges when your ad is interacted with, i feel like im interupting something. lol, We should run on the values that we're proud of and if we can do that, we can elect Baldwin and Obama this fall., Surprise naps are the best kind., Join us Sat & Sun 12-6pm for Annual Holiday Open House. Free hot mulled Wine, Food Samples, Wine & merchandise Sales, gift ideas & more!, thanks for stopping by.. Great picture! Enjoy dinner!, Dang I anit.got no friends, #SaySomethin SONG OF SUMMER 2012 anyone else agree!! OMG I AM DEAD!, Dear people of the pit. If you're here, you better be prepared to move., Dep. on your experience, GMAT/GRE may or may not be req'd. Have you spoken to your program manager? That's who can tell you for sure, Wow...I was there at that time. I didn't see anything where I was., Been flying in a Cessna but i wonder what it would be like to fly a WW1 fighter plane , i guess you could say i'm bi-curious, "Wish" sample is up ! check it out and tell me what you think ! dont forget to hashtag this on twitter for me ! #GetAustinToSeeJBsPicture !, In the words of Alexander Hamilton: "Vote or die, bitches!", oh man was that an amazing show. Best show I've seen since I saw them the last time they were here in 2004., It isn't extremity of fortune, how come hutchy looks like a star dwarf in your avi?, one of the best episodes ever, Need an #oomf lol everyone else has one..., has that smile that can make me smile no matter what mood I'm in . <3, Are you going to do a Christmas Video for Youtube?, Bayern vs Barca for the final! Who agrees?, Shout out to People's Market in quoted on today's "Organic Balance" UT article. Great write up by the way!, I just found my Pokémon movie from forever ago! OMG! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>, you better not. lol, And on the 7th Day Andrew Shaw still had 3 points! No rest needed!, Amazing feat!!! I'm right behind ya - can dead lift a good 30 lbs. :), I'm pretty sure love means never having to say yr sorry for watching too much Doctor Who & drinking all the wine. I hope agrees., Glad to have you here; we hope they mastered social media! #4H #CoopExt ^RS, Edward St. Aubyn: What else is there to do but read too much into things? What a poor, thin, dull world we'd live in if we didn't., You & were awesome on - enjoyed watching u 2 compete again. Big supporter! Congrats on top 3!, umm.... pain medication... they want me to shut up and sleep but i never will, follow first :) i will be at 568. wbu??, "Heart of American Conservationism" Really ? The heart? There is one? Get real., EVERYONE FOLLOW Shes amazing!!(: thanks., + thx to everyone who signed our IG petition! Hoping to get a list of everyone to send a more personal email (didn't know had to make copy), Update: It was cereal night at our house. My Hubby made a late night pan of brownies. So much for the diet!, Will you be doing feedings on Thanksgiving? Will be back in otown, and want to help out!, TGIF! Where's ma drank? RT :, You are not who you think you are., but water is so delicious! well, not really, but it's refreshing!, Practicing my stroke., God of Carnage is an awesome play., AMR Unions are backing US AIRWAYS takeover talks., pa follow mga dude!, I miss being a kid. No one cared how you dressed, we were all friends, and you could just be yourself. When did we turn so judgmental?, You live in your own social prison., that bag is a must have I put it on my wishlist! lol =), Jumped out the bed feeling like its time to come back out my shell n get it in, and rich niggas like me don't care about money! *hands 100's to the needy*, so sad I missed your performance at Hotel Cafe =( =(, My Facebook's Down, Good Thing I Have Twitter :P, no I really cant, Well, that's the way it should be for most people but that doesn't meant that's going on., i wanna come to your #BelieveTour so bad :') please follow me back on here? :') I love you so much :') <3<3<3, Thanks - I'm on board and giving it a trial week. Looks great so far, and I haven't even tried any tweaking yet :-), RT I just downloaded a dj app. HMU if you need a d for a party, R.I.P Donna Summers!, Ab ripper X is crazy intense!! Ahh my abs hurt! >:o, Roses are red, violets are blue, if Rebecca Black wins an award, Kanye, you'll know what to do. #AMA's, You just made Sportscenter's opening, how does it feel?, thanks mommy! :) Mrs. Jerrell liked our video!, FUCKK LOST MY ????? FORGOT WAT ITS CALLED, it was awesome over here! Flying back home today :-(, The old saw applies to Obama: He's the WORST candidate for #POTUS, except everyone else (I suppose). Where was the 'bold leadership'?, They got plenty hello kitty stuff here would love it lmao, i wish i could. phones off, Can you #showyourheart to me?, Fill in the blank: My favorite wine is _________., no matter who wins this election, times will still be hard. how will you survive....peewaddy.com, #Flex is a monster #cadilac truck, Tired of false alarms? Tucson Alarm is too. Time to kick the special interest out of local goverments and have the cities fine the alarm co., he cant be any worse than bruce glasier, but yes he's terrible at names., That awkward moment when your #hatting in wal-mart & you drop something & have to pick it up... HARD! ;D, People going 100% outta their way to help complete strangers., On the grind all day, Call in your question to BORDER TALK at 880.4376!!, Suggestions for #highered via : imagine faculty of future; student centered work beyond learning process; partnerships, #CaptainAmerica was solid. Loved that it was a period piece in contrast to all the other contemporary settings., Mindstate of a winner, not as excited for prom as I was dude., Normal is only a state of mind. If the stress of the Man wears you down do something different. I suggest #NoPants ever. :), welcome to Twitter ! Tony, Cincy is always proud of your accomplishments! You the man!, great to see you, too! Have safe travels home!, Thank you for the warm welcome!, Just picked up the MLK Day of Service 2012 t-shirts! They look great!, #The Engineer for God, I've heard of the figurative "pounding the table" many times and today I experienced it in the literal sense. No substitute for passion!, HAPPY BIRTHDAY, No RT : you at home?, love you! And you're right! #missyoumore I better see you a lot more when I get back down to cape!, Romney, in his impromptu comedy routine, says that the #TeaParty can attract the Latino vote by appealing to the reasons that #CNNTeaParty +, should know that next friday i am driving to my new house in richmond, After lurking around msg boards, it looks like PSVita owners are experiencing the same feelings 3DS owners were a year ago..., sayin 'you know' between every other word., Wait, oh, let me see your phone Cause all them bitches is ratchet And let me get in my truck Cause all them’ bitches’ll catch it, Whats up My Fellow, Come on Down San Diego to country night in OB tonight @ 7pm. I'll be there., Happy Friday! Be sure to try our fish fry featuring Lake Perch from and let us know your thoughts!, Not only has God given me another birthday but he has also made work go by smoothly., You don't know how happy I was when I found out you guys heard us., ": #Bachelor and #Bachelorette should have their own awards!What Else? #Bachys" It should be considered under BEST DRAMA EVER!!, #fridayreads finished Everglades by White & started Blackwork by Ferris (catching up on my series reading), Seguindo de volta :D, Happy thanksgiving I hope you have a great day sweetie, it's going to be a process of making designers more integral to the whole process (not there just to observe), hey me too lets be best friends, omg I love you, right now I'm at cape may. I was in somerset yesterday., I spend my whole day every day not watching porn., Wich destination are you most interested on?, Slaves and the use of freedmen for banking by men and women make this very difficult to gauge. Interesting, though., Whats twitter jail ?, hahahah get outta there and DIE, I just have to do laundry and I'll be pretty much completely packed up!, El Cajon city attorney Morgan Foley telling city council what will be required for city to become an official charter city, Mommys birthday today!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>, Can this story line lead to Megan getting hit by a truck?, vaguest tweet ever., no. I kno u sent me a link. but this the first time in a while I got on here from the computer, Just spent 7 minutes on the phone trying to figure out a stupid online order with I miss :(., Money brings problems,but it also solves problems, Who says that?, went today my friend, good morning #Bestie:-) headng to work now. Went to bed early lastnite, hope u have a good day!!, I know you're at #blc11 but when you have time, I'd love to pick your brain re: FB & schools. Tx for sharing your dis. pol. Gr8!, We all start as artist and then we create our con bring it all together and become one :)., Oh what aa day., Huge fan & supporter of director extraordinaire Guillermo Del Toro!!!!, im from washington to it sucks being far from all these amazing people, What is Arthur...? Anteater or bunny.. Tell us now, just chilling before work, "C'mon people now, Smile on your brother Ev'rybody get together Try and love one another right now", by The Youngbloods, 1 year ago today I met Who knew he'd completely change my life? <3, Made your reservations for Father's Day yet? We're giving each Dad a free Lowlands Brewing Company bier on that special day... Does that..., should've been Jessica & Joshua in the finale!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>, #ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, abt a victim's life spiraling out of control., Starting recording for the new album early next week. To say I'm excited doesn't even come close to how I'm feeling about it., i'm the worst person when it comes to texting back ):, Hey sumi. Do you have some magical connection to get the D3 collectors edition? Freaking site canceled bf's preorder., hey there, you ok with us using the footage from the other night?really good stuff. Thx.., guys if you're good at making t shirt designs- GO FOR IT. And send them to me and if I like them, I'll use them for my concert merch., So good! Really excellent characterization, which is rare for superhero movies. Really have to hand it to Joss Whedon., wait...Cincinnati has a football team?, #degrassi tonight :D, The day will happen whether or not you get up..., LOVING 's new seasonal flavor BUTTER BEER! Just around for a limited time!!, well all I know is that I don't have practice and that's all I care about! Lol, Miss you too bro! Hope you're doing well!, hahaha that could have been potentially awkward to whoever is on the receiving end of such a text, Happy Boxing Day everyone., beat but we have our M&Ms. #Bones & the bullpen know what I'm talking about, Lets not B creatures of circumstances, but the creators of circumstances, It's another event, as I'm not ready ... Training taking longer than I'd expected. maybe early June. What's your next half?, you are awesome!, I still don't understand how/why Twitter will unfollow folks I choose to follow and suggest folks I'm not at all inclined to think about., Who's coming to our #grandopening tomorrow?, the boy in the striped pajamas makes me cry every time :'(, psst want my number lolz im a big fan n i wanna talk to u im 13 bout to b 14 plzz tweet bak haha, Happy candids highlight such natural beauty. Definitely an album worthy snapshot!, Go Heels, I love this song,it's amazing., Love those days...Check out our first San Diego Dishcrawl, have some mouth watering treats., In name of God, GOP mocks world's great faiths. In name of families, it fails them. In name of America, it flouts Constitution., Harry Potter fan: I wanna go to Hogwarts! Percy Jackson Fan: Let's go to Camp Half Blood. Hunger Games fan: I'm fine.., i saw you at the cafe i waved and then never saw you again, Cleveland Does Not Rock: Do the math: Toast + Butter = Good, Cut or uncut?, Hot shit, in Brooklyn. Paint it green, watermelon., What if anything do you listen to before you slumber?, I see Devon Still up there and all I can do is Pray Phils knows our History with Penn State., If matters go badly now, they will not always be so. - Horace, I hear you. I'm already here on the train heading downtown. See you all later!, You mean they're saying terrible things about you, too?! (), Saw this story today and thought MM would like this. Looked at the byline and it's you! (p.s. I like hoodies)., Big Buda boom!!, im aware, hey everybody! check out this funny stuff (for a bunch of puns anway), Done smoking. Huzzah for me. Please excuse my attitude as i withdrawl... >.<, Christina needs pants, dope shit man, Rookie Blue comes back on the last day of school! :D yayyyyyyy, Stay away from the bad things there are so many great things out there to get into”, posted on my facebook page, Cuts over 10 yrs eventually mean funding would fall to levels not seen since the Eisenhower Admin in the, We're glad you enjoyed the show and the venue :), "Said she'd be there forever, no matter what's the weather She'd always have my back even when we weren't together" I'll Be There.Mac Miller, Absolutely! You should always take the opportunity to expand your cultural experiences. Adult or not :), text me your numba!!, Me just following anyone who is following me <3, dolma's newest location: MARILYN JACKSON'S ACCESSORIES 405-C VANN DRIVE JACKSON, TN 38305 United States, Sometimes skulls are thick sometimes hearts are vacant sometimes words just don't work., The World Health Organization predicts the number of people diagnosed with dementia will double by 2030. Here are a few tips to stay on..., lol good excuse, That bespectacled bat rastard., I'm always on the go looking for that perfect shot!!, not above certain elevations., yep that chalk is nasty, the gel is cold also, RT Landing in Dallas home sweet home. > when are u coming home for good?, are you talking about "Bob?", will murder RT : #Kings and #Coyotes tied at 1 after 2 periods. I called 5 OTs earlier and I'm not backing off of it., David West is so wet, you two speak the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (LOL book we read in the 7th grade), I'm glad was my date to prom he was a perfect gentleman and held my clutch <3, I don't much like Mark Zuckerberg, but i do like that he's wearing hoodies to meet business folks., reading other peoples fights on twitter >, Few cocktails, tequila, Belgian beer and a bite at Yusho. I say that was a Good Friday., That's too funny!!!!!(: thank you for freakin me out like that!!(: Lmbo!!!!!, We had a storm from hell last night and never lost power. Today we get a slight wind and the power has been out for 45 minutes. WTF?, One of and I's favorite things to do is get nachos from Target. Weird huh?, and So You Think You Can Dance., They are going pretty good actually! Thanks for asking!, your welcome(: and your a lucky gal. Alex said happy birthday to you!!! I bet you are really happy(:, "He believed that you had to make the good out of the bad because there wasn't anything else to make it out of.", For you runners out there...try RunKeeper for the iPhone and Android. Very cool. www.runkeeper.com, I just seen that damn tweet that nigga sent that shit u no he got this password with his, Off to the Nationals game with the first Reds fan I have ever met., They say that when u dream about someone they went to bed thinkin about u so why have u been thinkin about me the past week! ;), Ate too much!!, BRANDY! :D :D, you know it. Best 3 hour recovery nap I could ask for., have you checked out www.bwenetwork.com/books?, do you have a tumblr?, It's like wicked dark down there. You can't see a thing, this is nonsense, and will be a very long series, Everybody's famous in a small town, but one day, I'll be famous in a big town!, I love Double Jack. Such a solid DIPA that is in the same league as Pliny and Heady., Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband, RT : Seriously though I unfriended you and it's taking forever to get to 200, we have options. Jamn 94,5 summer jam is on June 2nd, with , but with other people who aren't good..., Good Morning! Brrrr.... Baby it's COLD outside!!! It's a great day to get a lot of work done inside. Catchup on computer work and reading!, My you tube is poetess11222 can anyone tell I'm from brooklyn? Living in pa, Saw at Castleton Mall Last Night....AMAZING!! Love ya Cody!, If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there. ~ R. Kiyosaki, Nashville, starting the year off in New Orleans, about to take on the great, Nothin annoys me more then a lame and random ads text.# stfu, With the impending sale of the Coyotes, I would think a win tonight would sweeten the pot for the new owner., well in the area. Novi, Just tapped Odin Thor Equinox Belgium Strong Ale., So is this where those disposable uniforms come in handy?, Like I said, maybe just the 1st domino. I just think this scandal goes deeper and others implicated don't want questions asked., 'Worry about what you can control' Cal McAllister, Nothin like going to CJs after a long day at work. :), Thank you very much for sharing that ADORABLE picture--you look amazing in that dress!, But when you shake your ass, they notice fast, some mistakes were built to last., Your trip is creeping closer and closer!, Justin looks so bangable rn. he always does..., aw thank you baby, I see you are above average bowler, but how are u when the pressures on and the disco lights are swirling???, lmao ! tell they ass you must be a self starter and the ability to multi task is a must !, Did you read "Starcatchers"?, Keep tweeting! :D We can do this, Mahomies! #AustinTo700K <33, WI billionaire's business pays zero dollars in state taxes, gives 500K to Walker, wants to crush worker's rights. This is wrong., Retweet if your counting down to #abc's, ment to spell it like that nd oh, Whats the pic of? It doesn't show on my ipod. Lol :p, We're always happy to help:, If you're interested in UT baseball, tweets are following the game w/A&M right now., Enjoying my directorial journey-Paul Campbell: Life and Times of a Jamaican Movie Star which opens Miramar Cultural Arts Theatre on Dec.11., Mariachi Christmas is this Thursday! Woot!, "Have a dream, make a plan, go for it. You'll get there, I promise." -Zoe Koplowitz, marathon runner who is afflicted with MS & diabetes, I got so many things running thru my mind, just drink and smoke, wanna flow, unwind, ordering was the only way to make him arrive. You did the right thing., What a great combo of preachers in one weekend, this only happens, Thank you for the RT!, Also, Kris Pickel reminds me of a suburban housewife that hangs out at the (cougar town) Panini's in Westlake., "Wether you see him or not, you'll still be in his heart", My 3 yr old niece always makes me smile. Today she wanted to come to my house because my dog misses her. Lucy does miss her. They must text., Cold play, working on "A View From The East Coast" and Crashing Broadway all day... new website will be up in a couple days :-), With 85 performances at Carnegie Hall and 35 at Avery Fisher Hall under its belt, the kicks off its summer tour of Italy at Pace., I have a few more words to describe compassionate caring dignified humble and so sweet, can you please have a great and mee right here in Orlando or miame Florida. I'm not aloud to fligh out of are state right now, I'm loving all this rain!! It's almost dandelion season!! WOOHOO!! Bring it on, Mother Nature!! ¦, Is it me? Or do some go go dancers seem dead inside? ha! I'm somewhat joking, but not really. ha! ;-), You are right, it was definitely a hold. with a ref looking straight at it, bad teams don't get the calls., What she said -> excited for who is going to kick some 5k booty tomorrow. Can't wait to hear about your PR girl!, Anyone wanna hit me up??? ask for the nummmm, Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes, what is ur street team about?, Strong to Arkansas rumors starting yet?, I don't feel like feeling angry or depressed today. I just wanted things to keep going smoothly. And I don't feel like blaming myself., RT Never know how fat you really are until someone snaps a photo when you're not sucking it all in. sigh., Lmao I just traped the cat in the bathtub it was funny :), hell no I'm not with that, - that was TOUGH to watch. re: Jr's mom talking, “: ! RT : Never judge a book by its cover, but always judge a Mexican restaurant by its Margaritas.” me- yum thirsty, when people can tell when someone else loves you just by the way that person looks at you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>, Mine will be. Tattoo + nose pierced + moving out + FREEDOM, love this., Working with Cesar Millan - "The Dog Whisperer" -If you want to know more about that side of my life, connect with me on Facebook! Ron Nash, People who parent other people's children via Facebook need to put a sock in it., I have had chipotle way to many times this week and it's only tuesday., 15% off friday!!! 15% off all orders*. Coupon Code = WSEVENT0805 *some restrictions apply, they could draw worse! Happy cinco da mayo!, No problem!, sounds great, lets catch up next week. we owe you an email too, tomorrow., Day 1 on the glades:), what's god g? What u on?, Thank you! I am pretty excited about this!, DIET DISASTER: People who trade sugary drinks for the diet kind (vs. water) eat more bread & desserts, say researchers, Life Lesson~ You can't make decisions based on being afraid you're going to make someone mad. Be the courage to follow your heart., Daily Muse: "Say what you think-Not what you think you should say!", I'm getting the symbol of the Trinity from the bible on my left shoulder blade :), Anybody up for us giving away FREE FLOWERS for a YEAR?, Hey buddy! Everything is going really well! How are you doing? We need to catch up soon! (CC: ), lol.... Ok buddy, soon here in Italy there will be one of the episodes of Ghost Hunters Follow me please *.*, Good things coming soon. You ready, fans? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, Man these days is just getting realer than ever..., Christian Dior Flow.. Kanye West., Banks and credit unions to offer cash prizes under new law - Baltimore Sun, I can't think of a better way to end the SOTU watching., Hey, when you get famous and get a movie made about you, I wanna be in it. haha(:, hahaha I would have brought them back, So sorry to hear about your aunt., Q4: Yell real loud and spook my cubical neighbors. Then upgrade mom, so I can stop remote supporting vista. :), hell yeah bro what about you?, oohk thanks and i will have yo skittles tomorrow, Just saw a lady wearing an aluminum visor, and a SARS mask carrying a watermelon and a stuffed dog walking the GU halls. Weird., Certainly! Follow us at and direct message the mailing address. Glad to help the, One quality of leaders and high achievers in every area seems to be a commitment to continued personal and professional development., You're most welcome darling., I'm not afraid to admitt that I still get jiggy with it... In the privacy of my own room., Good morning, the weekend is here!, RT : Have you tried Newsie? Another Google Reader app for the iPhone. Really nice app., Kristen's like a twitter ninja assassin. nothing escapes her, Just found out im exempt from one of my finals...go me, Derby, Michigan, home, beach, lake, Europe, lake, Are we ready to race, u r a font of wonderful information. Crop dusting's nothing. U should hear some of what my flight attendant friends tell me., did federer pull out of roma?, I bet the #NIT on ESPN get almost as many viewers as games on, So if i could pick 10 players to put on the field for a baseball team with todays players this would be my team: Joey Votto 1stbse (cont.), Yes, was glad get home. R U in Nashville? If so, would love to get together sometime..., i think the lesson isnt learned then if you keep taking the same chance :-), OMG HE DID, Biggie we miss you still 15 years later, Try to have the best, Monday you can, beautiful. Pettitte wasn't too bad. he needs to get some rhythm. nite..., I am in a fabulous mood this morning...Landing in the beauitful Dominican Republic in less than 3 hours..., appreciates happy tweets in his honor. Thanks but I have come to expect darker tweets from you., u coming down to watch the fight?, Come to Carabar and and I will show you our boobs., i miss that one night me & Kayla sat in the bathroom for hours talking about our life & families.. i told her stuff nobody else knows<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>, I'll save that walk for a strong finish. Lol, i just think its dumb. who cares! lol, Just woke up!, Guernsey suggests that it could take as many as 4 years to get Imagine Austin initially in place, : and I are nicar, wishing you were here. Must join us in 2013. You'll love it., We're pretty excited for #BEA2011 the whole Hachette Digital team is buzzing! Especially & &, doing ok. I'm upstairs working light duty. I have carpel tunnel and tendinitis in both hands., Somebody just asked me if I'm high that's how tired I am right now, your acting like I'm a newb at this... Haha, I couldnt be a gang-member . . . Why would I wanna "repp" & "own" this igly ass neighborhood. My dream is to get the fuck OUTAHERE!, I know, it was just out of jealousy. lol RT : oh you put the less than sign lol thanks!, I dont wanna buy followers id rather wait and gain..., Why am I not hearing about more events for ? Come on, Pittsburgh. Let's put Pittsburgh on the map in the beer world!, Briefly speculated that bobs might be Canadian for boobs., is Standing up 2 Cancer: Friday @ 8pm on every network!, I'm finally heading home from school like after 12 hours here. This. Is. My. Life. Sad huh? I know :'(, Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity., In my gym class I would rather run all by myself! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, Over the next 4 days I will be watching basketball nothing else. #NP long Beach St. vs New Mexico. Feeling an upset, C. You have just seen a Stephen Daldry film., Stunning paper. Nice eye!, Tonight at 10, a smoke alarm, a car horn, a train signal..what your kids *can't hear* when they have their headphones on. TMJ4 On Your Side, kik me fool, Please tell me yall seen the way Elease flinched when camilla was finna hit her., I clearly remember channel 9 in KC doing a "teen slang" story in the 90s: "'In the house' means 'hip' or 'with it.'", Apparently. Very. Also, the series is actually called "The Weight of the Nation.", what is that??, thank u so much for voting!, If i show u a magic trick your impressed if i show u how to do the trick then you will think your my equal., Thanks for the follow,, Senator Alex Mooney speaking at breakfast. Excellent event!, With those multiple guilty pleas by boxer Floyd Mayweather he should spend a long time jail but no guy got the dough., Diageo maker of and vodka said sales increased 8% to $9.11 bill in the last 6 months to the end of 2011, Bumping my "creepy" music with the windows down & seeing everyone's face like -> o.O >>>>> xD, eh, it's not that I'm sick. just, my hamstring won't let me run long distances without making my life miserable. annoying. :\, I'm not wit all that weak shit get money go harder and always give thanks !, LMFAO. Why was that so funny., I have to stop procrastinating..., “: Just bought my tickets for the ! Can't wait. Maybe I'll finally get to see win in person!” See you soon!, Keep it a 100 wit u niggas actin like females, when are you moving?, gosh, i missed out on so much while i was on vacation.., "Knock yourself out. I mean that.' lol, Got My Nigga Dan-One FBA On These Mixtapes... It's Over For The Suckas Right Now, 4 months without phone service. No follow up. Still getting bills. On my 8th call about it., - Thanks for the follwo, fellow #twitter friend! Have a great day., If pro is opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress?, Thanks to for an amazing weekend. Even if I can't remember all of it!, Indian food for lunch and lemon cupcake for snack and still I have a headache. Apparently my brain and my tummy do not talk., Q3.5)Needs to be someone with the authority to remove items, I should have smashed your little face in when I ran into you a few weeks ago, Thank you for the update., Yep, we got a building. No more paying rent for us-now on to the completion of construction! It's business, La Cienega, nothing personal :P, I once slapped a bitch cause' she wouldn't show me her tits., Gucci now :), k “: if you cant get it open... I may have to show you tomorrow.... it is aweful”, #Sam gets some applause., Spring is around the corner. Get smoother, glowing skintastic skin with our customized Dermaroller or Dot laser. Experience the difference., I just watched my FIRST HEAVY D music video. Oh boy, what I have been missing..., no but I'm not like a professional or anything I just really like to do it for fun one day I wanna be like the iconic boyz., Asked a researcher in #microbiology what #bigdata means in his field: 2-20GB. #reallybigdata means 20TB+. !!!!!, Happy Birthday! I love u so much,have a gr8 day/nite :-), At 11:25 we are having our first children's poetry workshop at the small tent. At 11:30, a reading by Laurie Lambeth at the main tent., "Unzip the Real Mitt" is a great slogan, but will never happen., I would LOVE to play halo live with one of the BOYZ so I could beat them! lol, RT : wrt 'awesomeness', oh pls > not my words. Like the message-great products, created by people who love what they do., bring back encarta!, With "Cabin in the Woods" following "The Hunger Games," "21 Jump Street," and "John Carter," 2012 has become a year of great genre films!, Both Paul Costa and Jay Costa were really kind to me!, thanks for the tweet icon!, going to lunh with my aunht my momma and, Why L.A.? Why does rain equate to sluggish traffic and idiotic driving decisions?, Wish I could see #oomf right now, leaving twitter for a little while..i need to finish my wonderful homework that awaits me. :/, Wish I was lifted right now, Watching #Hoarders! EEk. So so so gross!, Rock and Roll: Music for the neck downwards. - Keith Richards, Actually, "Somewhere Over The Rainbow" was a stunning moment on Idol, OH: "I spent hundreds of dollars to walk around in a monsoon because I know these are the people that will quietly take over the world.", Let's go #Chicago Bulls!!, Going to be honest-- doesn't feel like the postseason when Detroit is first team out. Success of that organization is unparalleled., As Debbie Boone once sang, "You light up my life." Or is that too corny? Well, never mind. We aim to please!, pretty sure i said that first, Kobe's number of seasons in the NBA- 16, James' number of seasons in the NBA- 9. Not a fair comparison. Give it time., I know :-(.. I try no to go to deep though, I like the rain, there i said it. So if you would kindly not drive like assholes we can all enjoy natures sweet melody, KTHANXBAI!, Always a possibility of a "write-in" candidate--up to two weeks b-4 election. Had impact once., Interesting a succussful supply sider in Sweden., Happy Sunday people!!, SMACK THE SHIT OUT YOU YOU KNOCK MY SWAG NIGGA., #NationalBestFriendDay to you and, Got to go...see you later Twitterverse., Wait, is THAT a holiday? Can we celebrate that?!, There will be brighter days , its just really stormy praying for a better tmw !, Another bad day for the 24!!... Not good!, ...Mike Mullady, Don Matsanoff, Greg Thomas, Tom Fischer, Jeff Lyons, Todd Greiner, Phil Pelok., I wish I hadda gotten that pussy, should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (:, Hiring counter staff. must be available weekends and a couple weekday shifts. part time!, Tommorrow is my last night in Pittsburgh for the summer. Then its back home for Brittany, 3 more months to be 21, see imma learn my lesson about engaging basic people, "Upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all." Alexander the Great., in the "upgrade" spot, there is an option that says eliminate ads, so i'm guessing the free version adds ads :), RT : I promise, my feet are SUPPOSED to do that., i told him he was a scorpion woman, The same nigga thats in your music video tryning to get 3 seconds of fame could actually be the same nigga that wants to see you fail., .wps files?? Seriously?! Then you get pissed because our computers dont have 3.5in floppy drives. Did I wake up in '97 this morning??, lol we're too fast for that., Loving the Linsanity !!!, Man, I just looked at your AVI. You stood over by me most of the 2nd half. Sorry I didn't introduce myself., But, they don't serve Bloodys there? RT “: Roommate coaxed me into walking down the block to get mcd's breakfast..”, Are you looking for a website or twitter followers? I got your DM, You need to follow me back before I can DM you., Everybody watch out, is wearing a suit!, What's up now?:), Adrien Brody aways looks like how a magician looks the moment he says "ta-da!", I love listening to people who know nothing about hockey talk about how to fix the Blackhawks., I want a nigga that has #swag and knows it I hate guys who think they got something they don't #truth #teamfollowback ;), tweet a picture., Hi Lisa, back from #140mtl...when can we talk #SeeSaw? Would love to give you a guided tour!, Avs tie Canucks in final minute, Win in OT 4-3 40 saves from Mr. Anderson, I hope so... I miss yo butt too, Babies gotta have swag too...?, Time for some music ! listening to the Alabama Sheiks, Phew! The brunch was To. Die. For. Delicious!, non-conference time with NW family and friends for this east coaster at #mlanet12 in Seattle, Happy birthday ! Love you!, Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast! And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 - LAS VEGAS tonight at 10/9c, good morning! Have a great day!, lmao only when you're making money., Love you always, love you still, always have, always will., Time to watch on, in my favorites somewhere, I think that really needs to change her user name and give it to me., I'm afraid come April I'll be leaving town for a lot longer than that. : / (I don't check this Twitter account much these days.), Me too.. RT : I'm gonna bawl my eyes out when wowp finishes :(, Going to the Moon was a unique military challenge which was accomplished by the USA to beat Russia. Mars cannot be compared, How do you think I feel when I see the video??? SO HOT, In way to over my head with my classes this semester, I'm busy and it's not even gonna get hard yet : / prolly my last weekend of freedom, Hey Rex , thanks for following , needless to say sideways is on my short list of fav movies , I am a fan :), Should be working out or drawing but bumming it for two seconds on twitter looking at pics is so much better. Lol, HNY to you! Let's catch up in Denver after Summit., Don't forget to schedule an appointment on Sun, Oct 2nd from 12-6pm! We'll be donating 100% of profits to the Wildfire Relief Effort., We are bout to fuck shit up tonight homie!!!!!!!!!!!, wait wait wait wait wait, how many times do you get to see the President speak live in person?, Seeing movie tonight. Preparing myself to cry, esp. bc my boyfriend looks nearly identical to, Ready for the weekend!, You have a solid top 3 starters. Your offense should score 9 runs a game. You'll add Andy, and maybe Wandy. Sh., Creepy asian still staring at me..., that's what I'm here for haha, OK I admit! Still a #wildgoosechase Still don't get it! HA! What is "FOTCL!" Should I know? =D, RIP Junior Seau.. stunned, thank you so much Dan :), We hope you enjoy the show! We've heard great things and wish you the best of luck :) Thanks for using ShowClix!, i'll try my hardest though!, : The Bills have been quietly assembling a nice little roster there., I gotta say that whole death joke shit is ridiculous., Well that's good to hear! Eh, you know how it goes, another day doin what I love to do :), smoking jjjjs shredding the city with the homies #boppo!, I wonder what it is ab the flat billed hat wearer that makes me think they're the special ones that rode the short bus. Extraordinary., I believe in the power of Prayer..., hey buddy, Just The Ticket just got a little prettier thanks to Fair Oaks Nursery for donating 30 hot pink geraniums!, Second City Hollywood TONIGHT @ 10PM for THUNDERDOME!!! D SWAN competes for the 7th week in a row!!! Help us stay Champions!! $5. FREE BEER!, hope DelRosso's Prezi will be available after, #AskBieber what's your restaurant to eat at?, K 15 mins till showtime. Join me live for another saucy episode of "Single Chef". Chicken w/orange tarragon sauce: www.theroomlive.com, Great hustle by Evan Turner!, "If you always complain about bad drivers on the road.ur probably the bad driver." Yes! I like Pt ur finger, 3 r pting back!, I hate when theres so many things to watch, ( flicks the channel back and forth), you can do it!!, its a whole football team of girls that think they my brother girlfriend or future wife...sorry hoes he aint got neither...back that azz up!, Happy Friday and Happy Tweeting !, Make the most of it RT It's Monday morning which means you have an entire week to do more, learn more and earn more. Let's get it!", Woke up to glorious weather in DC this morning, im glad you got over 400 followers now! :), What does Huntsman have to do for more people to support him?, Movements happen one-at-a-time between people, you can't rely on a "giant list" and expect people to act, yea, just Sun & Mon!, Who are you to tell some there not good enough , who are you to give hate? . I know what it feels like. It gets to me too ., check your DMs. :), And I'm starving!, "Feed your head." - The Doorman, The tradeoff for winning the Super Bowl is having absolutely no excitement for/during draft night. But I'll take it., I mean super distant right., hey your cute, do I know you? ;D, Molly scored 2 goals and had 2 assists in the first half of her lacrosse game (a 3rd goal was nullified). Great game!, So im driving on Mt.Moriah passing a daycare & notice there's a baby boy, outside by himself playing. No adults around, no kids around., " I Remember You" Skid Row..., Headed to Oaks. Better not break the bank like last year, Of course! AND! We pay the tolls. ;), Bad allergies makes u want to take your eyeballs out and drop em in a glass of water smh, People WHO. Not people THAT., LOVING unlimited yoga at my favorite yoga studio this month. Eating yoga with a buffet mind-set! I will be doing this again. <3 <3 <3, working on the Drupal cck_validation module today!, shows cows running round ghost town in #Japan nuclear exclusion zone. What happens when those radioactive cows break free?, got bad reviews...looks like a rental., thanks for retweeting us, all!, most definitely., Thinking of using a Virtual Assistant for your business or personal needs? We are taking your questions, ask away!, Your great not sure how I could talk to someone so cool that I just meet .one word bromance haha lets be bestfriends hahaha, thanks for the RT!, Thanks to Everyone Who Came Out To the Show on Saturday Night At PEPPERS in Broad Ripple!! We Had a blast with all of you!!!, I think I need another lover like I need a hole in my head., I do. Tml, Chris Hardwick. He's not a businessman. He's a business, man., Hey you. I miss you:, I hate the fact that there is so much drama in my school and its our last year, I'm opening Lemon Tree Nutrition in a week and I'd like to get registered with . How do I go about doing that?, Meeting someone in the wierdest way, then they are a huge part of your life., testing... please ignore thanks, In case you have not heard, we are completely SOLD OUT. If we don't get to see you tonight, have a HAPPY and SAFE New Year !!!, Quotes from clients along the way - "You both are so gifted for the fitness industry and there needs to be more instructors like you", Too late now. It's already on-air! :), Getting our latest newsletter ready...lots of new email addresses to put in post-tour, hooray!, We are the one stop shop for all Denver Dispensaries! We have over 4 years experience helping the industry grow., Wow wow wow, haha ohh I see guy! hahha I meant more like aggressive inline haha I like roller hockey hahah, Dang my moms strict I want to do flips on the trampoline and she's like oh practice your jumps and leaps, New York Marketing Consultants at Upside Unveil Internet Marketing Audit Program, 360IMA, to Help Business Owners ..., Imitation is the sincerest form of television. ~ Fred Allen, I think when ppl spam Justin he replies ..., Thanks for the follow!, Just did, my boy is texting with him now. Thank you sir..., All vivotek cameras have been installed in the Technical Support building, please call 866-999-4936 to get access!, aw idk either ignore that :D, Oh I agree, but I don't want to start a fight with a family member, especially on Facebook., Participating in InfoPeople webinar: “The Hopeful Workplace”, fall asleep, Last soccer game. #wishmeluck Hangout after? Alright!(: Well ill be home at 9:30 with scores., Managed to wrench my back but good. Hurts to sit. Hurts to write. Doesn't hurt to stretch out on the couch and watch movies though ..., Thanks for the follows:, almost lost my mind when I heard the new john mayer song sound exactly like bob segers "mainstreet", That site and the Audubon Society are my go-to bird reference sources., You are most welcome., I'll take one! Thanks!, 2- were starting to slowly fall apart and I do not want that at all :( hopefully one Day we can be as close as we use to be or the way (c), "Food and Sustainability" Farm to Table featuring leaders in food sustainability ..., I guess those times i wasnt being taken serious when i was all in were signs to let go, Thank you 80's on Pandora for making this work day more bearable!, I feel terrible...i hope my white blood cells are roiding up so they can kick ass and take names, I've been avoiding Prezi even though I've had an account forever. I successfully made one today, including images and links! Go me!, I may be a little late though depends on when dinner is, I just put it into motion. Look out bitches shit may just hit your fan!, Thank you so much! Don't get sick of it :P, Imagine by John Lennon is great <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>, Hey World We Have Been Busy, Follow Our Brother Company For All The Latest Music, Clothing & Hip Hop Info!, Budgeting Wow, diet, exercise, and eating healthy fail. Just placed an order for a Zinger (me) and a Double Down (mom)., New Tracks uploading right....meow..., Whenever I see a guy in LA with a tiny hat and a mandolin, I am reminded of how capable I am of killing someone w/ a mandolin., i miss edge, Just scored 30 points on Bucket Toss and earned 3 tickets in Carnival of Games for Android, Reid says will file cloture tonight on $35 billion teachers/first responders jobs bill. Sets up Friday vote., Why does it feel like those who give in , they only wind up losing a friend ..., I'm fuzzier in person. no, the mucus isn't always there., im 44 and cant get enough of #puddles!! #hopethishelps :-), HELP! SOMEONE PLEASE CALL 9-1-1! MY BED HAS KIDNAPPED ME AND WILL LET ME GO!, Don't forget, we'll be open tomorrow from 10am-2pm! Stop in to see some beautiful jewelry on a beautiful January day!, You shoulda been to the Goose joint up here the other night it was GOOD!!!!!!!, Mt. Fuji Grilled Cheese was devine! Wine and Food Truck Pairing last night!, Can't see full room. Any other #ward5se candidates in attendance?, the locals ultimately were bought out, but the compulsory licenses & limited royalties remain part of the scheme, #ESHealthChat I don't think you should totally cut anything out but definitely cut way down on grains and carbs!, Top golf behbey <U+E014><U+E014><U+E014>, crazy rain here in San Diego! I wish it was a thunderstorm... I dig thunder., lovinnnn your twitter profile picture<U+2764>, RT : Found Trump’s birth certificate. He was born in Hawaii, but before it was a state. This is getting complicated., People ask me how I'm always so calm. Basically, I decide not to freak out and stick with it., i just look on fb for a min and this nigga got a girl tatted on his neck, what song?, Ohh Noo #Mack got a flat #Butlers in trouble..., is tomorrow. Kickoff tonight, ready to get my network and inspiration on!, If you can do what you love for a living, life will be a lot less stressful and a hell of a lot more fun!!!, Maybe its just the people you know just hearing about it lmao, YES PLEASE! RT > : How about we announce the winners of the Maya Jane Coles picture disc 12"?, happy birthday hun! love and miss you so much! will always be your #1 supporter! enjoy today<3 see you soon!, Brody: bringing design back into a living space., I'm faded and I don't give a, Tasters made it fun yesterday. Thx to (nice stream of the event), , and champion tweeter, definitely next time. I should probably stay in and get work done. might have just been looking for excuse not to : ), Did you know Julian Hard Cider is brewed in Oregon?, Im up early getting my oil change.. got to keep my 2011 #FordFusion running good!, I'm usually up the second I wake in the AM, Pink Floyd vs. The Beatles: Who do YOU think was better? Or is old “classic rock” music dead and should stay buried?, Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... It's about learning how to dance in the rain. - Vivian Greene, watching NatGeo's show Amish: Out of Order. And yes....it's amazing. :D, Hehheehehehehehe >:) I see you., PG&E Reminds Customers During Earthquake Preparedness Month to Prepare for Natural Disasters, Is there a way to ignore or report for spam, no, my sister did. He was playing at a Farmer's Market on Oahu today. Pretty cool., me too! Awesome!!, Fish sticks and custard? (And will anyone be geeky enough to admit they get that reference?), Much love back at you!! :) RT : I have the most amazing web design team! Efficient, patient & BADASS! Thank you !!, Phylogica (ASX:PYC) announced a Collaboration & Option agreement with Janssen for new classes of drugs from PYC's Phylomerâ peptide platform, I said we got it going on at the Freedom School!!, Thanks ! We welcome the support and new ways to promote via, wow! What's wrong friend! U illn!, RT “Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do. Mark Twain, Due for an oil change? At Express Lube, we'll provide our premium service oil change in a matter of minutes. Come on by today!, LOVE LOVE LOVE HER., Zombie survival tip # 146 - while on the run, make sure all accesories are tied down and not making any noise to attract nearby zombies, Thanks for the love :D xoxo, I worl alone, need to get in and follow the twitter community more, you are inspiring me., its alrite, I though u were on cuz u had add me as friend. I accept ur request tho. Just let me know when u getting on., BTW Thanks too the people that atleast tries to help me get a follow from !!!!!!!!, Did you know ASPCA senior vice president for National Shelter Outreach designated March as Adopt-a-Rescued-Guinea Pig celebration month?, still can't sleep, It's true what they say: music can alter moods and talk to you., I am as original as it gets. Soccer...i meant Sokha..lol, Fuck stress, have sex., Agree. So let's do it. Sign Cole. Stay away from knives!, If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong., oh we did. Made it back just in time for class. Well worth it, Trying to organize some things for the new home, but things have been delayed....., Nerdy things i just said @ starbucks upon receiving huge iced tea: 'wow, that's venti-er than i expected.' Oh lord its exhausting to be me., Shut up little boy tahaha, #MahomiesLoveAustin! :) i bet we're gonna trend that! :) #MahomiesGoHard!, hahaha i love you! Come visit!, shout out to !, Feeling like I need to play a round of golf. Anyone want to send me a jet?, - Happy Tuesday :), I can't help but stare at him even when the other guys are passing by., It annoy me when people CONSTANTLY TYPE IN CAPS., Yes I'm watching #nerdprom too. It used to be our fun cspanafterdark newsjunkie secret. Now it's kind of bitter and angry., Why are lunchables so amazing?!?, yes I hope so too :), #hastac2011 Berkeley Folk Music Festival Archive: the digital archive blurs the lines between archives, analysis, publishing, & schol comm., some people on facebook I would love to punch, Been doin' well, brotha. Missed you at the Brian Simpson show at La Cantera or were you able to make it?, new from Girl in a Coma! I love them!! :), Have you checked out the new look to #wisn.com? Looks great!, So i needed some bobby pins so i went into CVS and took some(:, Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. - Leo Buscaglia, Occasional appreciation of New Amerykah 1 suddenly blossoming into full-blown obsession, wowww, RIP Joey Vento-Took on Freedom of Speech & Won! #winner His Famous Sign-"This is America. When ordering, speak English", His little sister hella maddogs me though haha , she's cute ^_^, The high unemployment rate is a sign of a government controlled workforce and a mindset of non-self-reliance, JPalfrey on problems DPLA is solving: coordinating collective action; supporting users & use; mass digitization, : "you never thank me for the bracelets i give yo so......" implying you didn't thank for the cd So your saying is revoked., Hey, Campbell. Hows about my treating you at next time we can both get away. Call it an early Father's Day gift, what other bands are you in to?, Best Love Song~, spread the love of pies all over San Diego; safe journeys to Florida!, Grayson is a typical democrat. Killing is ok if it doesn't take very long or cost very much., Visibility creates opportunities. If a resume was the deciding factor in recruitment, there would never be a need for interviews., Congratulations on the 20th anniversary of the movie #MalcolmX. I still cry at the end & know this is the best movie ever made!!, I think we should have a museum conference reception at a Maker lab..., #milwaukee I should tweet about work but. GO PACK GO. Should be a great game from both teams! :), haha u mad, I think she's already announced it will be a trilogy. Did you make it to the library before they closed?, Why is it that the hottest guys seem to be the most shy?, Success! Yippee!, thanks... Same to u... Hve a good day, why is it that I can never fall asleep? Any recommendations?, Liberal bias. Not. Media just wants eyeballs/ad $$. Mods occupy too much stage and run off at mouth, as if they r candidates., omg I know. So much happened so fast I think I can write a book on multiples. wants me to start a blog, in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out, There are few nudities so objectionable as the naked truth., ....oh. I'm at home watchin movies til I fall asleep. U left ur food ova here, aw thanks loveen, im home saturday, straight to the stupid doctor on monday, feck it! =), "Have you ever talked to someone, and you're not even really talking to them? Actors are the worst for that." - Joe Rogan, Thanks for following and Welcome., oh and thanks lmao. (;, hey valentine. Im going to sleep lonely, but tomorrow is a different story., Really!? It's already Monday?, For someone who said she liked blindsides she didn't seem to happy about this one. :-0..., working on image selection for the future fb page for the Friendship Nine. Lot of classic pictures to choose from, I've never posted on gwip, People Magazine wants to know who I'm rooting for in the SuperBowl. My answer: I don't give a crap!, PEOPLE!! THE WORK AT HOME JOB OFFER JOURNAL THINGY THAT'S EMAILED..IS A SCAM, HEAR ME? S-C-A-M, CAPISCI? DO NOT FALL FOR IT,YES?, Oh dear, just did mini-inventory of all the blog entries I have to catch up on... What a mess! Please keep me accountable, friends!, Thunder running that pick and roll till its run dry., Especially since they didn't want to pay anywhere near full price. V, Sounds so luxurious! You're making us all jealous here at Celebotastic!, Losing my mind, We gotta get on together sometime soon! (And play Mario Kart on the Wii again...that was SO fun! Lol), Yes! Always!, Break it all, smash the past like it was made of glass., Thanks! Easily one of my favorite books of all time!, good morning to my followers, #sopastrike this bill cannot pass. Really cannot pass., Nice little afternoon at, So stressed... so annoyed..., i dont got no rear view and my reverse broke. so leave the past where its at.if hurt soo, you look bad... No way your sexy, Hilariousness is about to begin. RT : ...Barmes. For the first time in his major league career., St. Patrick's day has come early to our house w/ all the fixin's. The Walshes/Welshes would be proud., The reason Courtney didn't get a 1 on 1 date is b/c U don't need her to jump out of a helicopter to get her top off., FINALLY im done Christmas shoppin... Which means im broke now..... Smh, nop never.. you should have blue :), Congratulations on your success!, yay, i get a phone # for the orthopedic surgery department. Happy happy joy joy...not, I hate when people are pissy and they take it out on me, Thanks! Did you send a resume?, So you're not going to do it? MARYSE I LOVE YOU, YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL, DON'T DO IT PLEASE!, Happy the Hobo! Good old Lyle! Somewhere I have the incriminating video., Yeah that's a good one! A once-a-week place for me., The #royals I've known and loved all my life., How close was today's ruling on two Packer's coaches and ther bounty system? People have to be thanking they stars for McCarthy, all good here wall to wall on all links, Thanks for the shout out! This is one of the (many!) reasons why we libraries continue to do what we do., #martiansVSgoblins The Fresh West, Ok, Belmont, Vanderbilt, & TSU, a challenge has been issued. RT We may be biased but nothing beats 'The Bakersfield Sound', “: I love me some H-Town !! Ask my friends . R.I.P Dino ( fine self ) #TrueFan”, Go check out !, Madison police Chief Noble Wray estimates crowd reached 35,000 to 40,000 outside Capitol at its peak at today's noon rally., just be happy that you're not one of the class acts walking to the blarney stone with their child in a stroller., GO DUCKS, ONE DIRECTIONS HOSTING MTV PLAYLIST TOMORROW MORNING. freaking out. i watch that every morning while getting ready fo school, I took some scary doll out of my room last night because it was creeping me out and then woke up with it in my arms. What the..., wishing that would dance we me. She would make me having feelings in places i havent had feelings in a while. down below., Thanks for the important work that you do :), it's all good a new year is coming new things, Well that was a normal wednesday blackout.., Praise be to the LORD God, the God of Israel, who alone does marvelous deeds. Psalm 72:18, Goodnight everyone :), I love myself. I hope that you do but if u don't it's ok because i already love me., Yes, I can unequivocally recommend very few things...edmodo is one of them., Haha, dude come back to the city and we'll keep it going., thats the crack cooking 101 hallway, If I had a nickel for every GEICO commercial I've ever seen, I could buy us all car insurance, that would be hard for me to watch since I like both teams lol, rest in peace big man, Thank u, 5 people in my 6th period now that the seniors are gone., no idea lmfao, be safe on ya drive back, That sounds awesome, gotta tell my friends to check that out!, Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #2: “By false belief that great speakers are simply lucky to have been born with natural speaking skills.”, Please do!!, Carlos Rodgers you need to do way better next half, thanks but—only work with female models., Really man...., 96 D'Yquem is pure peach & honey., lol me too, Register for INFO 320 Fall 2011 and learn to create a database, develop research strategies, and understand information policy., Hate it when Wade is off... needs to get in a groove, Friday I've been waiting for you, When I saw Liam and Silver trending I though of Liam Payne, So i gotta tweet through a text -_-, anxious ambivalence is an essential part of the experience, hey, that could fun, These goalies are bad!, Word comes that the Salvation Army in Stockton is struggling, making little impression on the stony hearts of the stiff-necked Stocktonians., go rt austin's last tweet, i mean the pistons :P and he was, Best thing I have ever seen in an All Star Game #Heathawesome!!, Watching Kevin Na try to hit a driver is painful., thank you! Happy Monday!, Oh Ok Bro, Oh no, I'm being followed by :), One of my greatest trials was my battle with malaria. I had to go across the street when the hotel bar ran out of tonic water, #PhiMA-Thanks for another great panel discussion-insight and examples of tangible social media marketing, OK, I know I missed the cut, but I'm curious, what is a book plate?, What is your favorite food?, Thanks for the follow, Kelly., That Jetsets As Well., it's in my top three. I love Rick Blaine so much. Ive probably watched it a thousand times., Wishing your mom a happy 88th!, Please support Lancaster's Spanish American Civic Association. Buy tickets to their 31st annual Fiesta! Latin food, fun!..., Never a dull moment huh?, was it a moving bus? if not, I'm not impressed, other teams (world series champs) interviewing him. cubs not? theres something going on here. something deeper..., when do you leave japan?, Tried to do my best in simplicity. Thanks and hugs, sweet girl., Sounds like u have 2 movies to see. :) You will see them in His time and it will be just the right time., First Rose, then Noah who is followed shortly thereafter by Gibson. Next up: Asik., We'll be watching to see if B&B can win one w/out spying on the other team from the sideline. Oh, and REDSOXSUCK, R.I.P. Amy Winehouse, Dear out of state super PAC supporting #WalkerFailure: WI is dead last in jobs. That's not considered progress 'round these parts., Not to mention the nightmare of a parking lot., Agreed! Nicely put! In fact, that's why we're building a prayer-app! Please see here ==> birdofprayer.org, Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness. -Dan Millman, there's at least one (web) archivist here: (i've seen some other umd ischool folks, as well), I have a quick temper, but my weakness is giving people too many chances when they havent even earned them., It feels good to be back with my team, Singing of / clapping during the national anthem = best part of the Blackhawks game, watching tv, Alright alright alright... You gonna learn today!!, We have an awesome ballet company here. Are you visiting?, Indirect tweets fer dayz, voted for ya!, We love the new baby's room! It has a nice new rug, soft stuff to lay on, lots & lots of toys for us. Just wonder where are kennels will go?, that for the bunny! He's cute. :), ah damn. Well I'll see you in July sir, Where are you to be cold like that?, I thought the match of a life time was VS the English language, Why can't I ever fall asleep! I wish there was a OFF switch on me., ...and might I add leaving 5 of his team on the floor at the end of the game., haha send this diva a text when your working in Nash !, Tomorrow's issue features a special eight page section for the 's 120th anniversary. You don't want to miss it!, butterfly in the sky, I can go twice as high... take a look, its in a book, READING RAINBOW, I'm going to 42 street with my best friend that I known since second grade and my little sister to Dave & Busters <3, it's the best ski resort in north America and has the lightest, deepest powder in the world. Over 65 feet of snow this year!, About ready to start the March Professional Development event on private development with DAI, Chemonics, and IREX at #peacecorps HQ, once I waited with bates breath 2 see all the fine tweets,pictures acrylic painted was my main post a dc artist eye bee,buzzy looking a ball, I didn't see your prior tweet. Jim always did his msnbc shows from Austin stations/ wasn't thinking., Now that I have my account back.. WHAT IT DO!?! Haha oh god I'm white., plz help me get to follow me...:), This guy is seriously trying to hit on her. Lol omg he doesn't even know how. Bitch gtfo., I'm within spitting distance of hitting 300K views on, Happy Birthday Yankee Hotel Foxtrot., I would write an aubade for ya (funny 'cause it's pronounced OH-BOD)., lmfaoo im gonna come up w a nickname for u!, “: FINAL: 83 - 81” tank is strong but too lil too late, Dude, stop lecturing me on how to fit in while in a foreign country and not look like an obnoxious American!, I did lol, I'm at my desk. I'm telling you this because I am better than any app that tells you where I am., I'm prepping my presentation for #TheShutterFoundry tomorrow. #nppa #journalism Coming???, Right on baby boi., love this dress!!!!!! I vote gold or nude!, I ordered a wrong screen for my net book and it's still sitting here lol not enough time, Community service today in south Dallas., has no friends ..., At least it show's he can still hit something, don't listen to that girl. She used to make fun of my 4pm PBJ sandwiches back in school. She eats like a bird., beautiful day in NYC!, Worst part of spring is being next to a teenager in traffic while your windows down & hearing Skrillex being blasted from their mothers car., #4famouswords that's what she said, Do you think they're on their way to extinction?, Thank you for the opportunity and insightful comments! Wonderful experience!, Any of my fellow Twits use Teux-Deux, Remember The Milk, or Todoist? Recommend one over another?, What are some easy tips to help keep our dental office in the "green?", Soo Young Riwh-very interesting articles on credibility assessment, Every mahomie talk to is so sweet & friendly :) we are a crazy awesome family there to support our idol, shes not answering but i think its 3-5, Am thinking I'll jump on the bandwagon!, Home sick from work. The plague has officially taken down another roommate., this road is a one way street, either ur in or out!, My dog died today . Omg crying ., Thanks for sharing your thoughts with us at the #AiMA event tonight! Great insights., Thanks for the follow!, I get weak i dnt no one but theres somthing we cant deny, forget it :(, I hope Neil Young will remember., YEP! Only a couple stood their ground..I couldn't believe how easy to sway them..the parents said they talked to them..still did it, Jim Cramer on Derek Jeter, "I hate him. He's got everything. He's got the babes. He's got the numbers. Thank heavens for Andrew Luck.", Sadly. I enjoy the creativity and energy of many, yet I'm still caught short when folks I follow suddenly tweet hate., i want to see it. Hurt, If you don't like something about the dream you're living, start by imagining it the way you'd like it to be., Alright, that was the last one., yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :), Good idea!, They're together in case at store. LOL RT : Amazing that adults do not know that cheese IS dairy AND eggs are not., RT ": You are pretty. yes, YOU." Seriously, Brandon is one of the sweetest guys ever. (:, haha shhh.. We just did a show at this show choir comp so it's all of them lol, follow me please I bet you won't :(, RT : Lady Bits of the House of Lancaster < house of stark, Some late #redsox news- Ortiz hit his 300th home run for the Sox tonight; the other members of that list: Williams, Yaz, Rice and Evans., Great minds think alike, I suppose ; ) Haha what a beautiful place for a day off!, He is hardcore out there, totally love that though. Not even a Florida fan but thats a coach right there!, The Caribbean is calling my name..., Giving new meaning to cat calling #meow RT : Meow., ya the rams theoretically should be a serious contender for awhile if bradford is healthy, Classes start tomorrow! First time to not have 7 o'clock class., Easter needs Braun 2 hit a walk off to DOMINATE Freese and the Cards!!! Also my wife wants 2c in a man thong!, Nice! I erred in the other direction. Had to buy a black t-shirt to replace my tux shirt so I could be in all black., What did you think? Can we count on seeing you in here again?, Fourth time in a row I take my grandma out to lunch and we order the exact same thing., abby drinks puss., I agree! I'm thinking that Jay Leno might not have ever been very funny., I had to watch it......SMH, Everything about that trip was hard, i will be there later to join you in, wt did he do, Port St. Lucie FL, we're a beer group for women. :), Im so Square bidness I gave this hoe a nigga & I wanna give ha sum up to date cloths, starting in July, this is every day, unfortunately., Q: When are you coming to Town Center at Aurora this week?, I meant to remind you! You'll have to let me know what your BFF says., Debra's messing with your brain., But I'm glad you enjoyed The Avengers! It was a long wait for fans., Yes, I just used the word "hooligan" in normal conversation., "Where's the lakers fans during game 1 or 2????" Like fuck you guys we still were rooting for them!! We are NEVER quite!!, Absolutely love that. Just beautiful., Sounds clever. Let's see it, Wow, sounded like a bomb, turned out it was a drunk driver totaling my car. Chased after her T2 style, but the cops actually caught her., Good luck to Jack the Elder! “: Vet believes will only get worse. Decided for surgery. Happening now.”, The VHM is currently without phones or email but we will be open our regular hours ( 9 - 5) throughout the week., I need sunflower seeds asap., until this day like I said since manning bs screw irsay, Doing Homework & #NP { #UA }¦ it always gets me in a Good Mood, my swag is an infection, how you gonna stop it? im all up in your blood stream, No anti-bi-ot-tics, So, What is the True Purpose of TIME? "It's so that everything does not have to happen all at once" - Dr. Noah H. Kersey, PhD, strawberries are dope., I hate when you wave back to someone but they weren't even waving at you., "Into The Wild" is my favorite drinking alone song. Just in case you were wondering..., worth a trip back! Also Mister Parker's restaurant is delish., Very nice picture. Very natural., Great Quote: "Failing organizations are usually over-managed and under-led." -Warren G. Bennis (via ), My heart hurts whenever i sing this song for you... Cause i know you'll never hear it..., I have to vote first. Then yes!, ": "Morpheus There's a difference between knowing the path, and walking the path." by Matrix" yes, yes there is...hm, I agree. I hope she doesn't let him get away with it!, Here we go...cutest ad ever! Great social media message too!, AMAZING DEAL! 4 night Cruise, $119.00.. Hurry, space is limited!, Garden State is on! looking out for the scene featuring my celeb friend, Seeing my 8 year old daughter in cargo pants today for the poem in your pocket festivities at school really made me happy., i like yo tweets. top three, Many studies show that adding videos to a website increases traffic and time-on-site. Look for a major increase in online videos in 2009., Reserve when Mayor Sanders took office was only 2%. Now the City's reserve is over 11%!, so true!, I have no idea why I can tolerate 2 ppl talking on the bus, but my blood starts to boil when i have to listen to someone on their cellphone, Trying to get things done..., Getting caught up on the #kendrashow then getting to bed early!!! Nightie Night :), VOTING has ended... thanks to everyone who voted...looks like we missed 1st place by a few votes...so close!!!, Nice save. Lmao. Thanks. :), your really cute(:, Prudes are the biggest whores of them all., Vikings stadium: Ex-lawmakers call Zellers the key to passing bill - Pioneer Press, And it's the involvement of the state that matters. Pressuring corporations their speech isn't censorship., Vote for Landau. He's so classy. Text "vote" to 4801., Shouldn't you retweet that on your OTHER account?!, It's official!! We want to welcome & to the Transform Music family!!!!, live and learn lol, Vacation is drawing to a close. Ready for home and my own bed., where u at??, facebook. talk there., Thanks for the advice, it's pretty miserable. Good luck down in Florida and speedy recovery. See you opening day., Everybody on facebook and twitter is either a model or rapper, Lol I need to go to sleep., Of course, this chat is meant to be interactive, so please feel free to chime in at any time with your Q’s or comments, finished consulting over at ilovedesign the new face for our online shop is gonna be #dope and #theland is where is it all started, Why did it take years for the public to hear abt Sandusky's alleged crimes? Guess it went thru the Vatican first?, Grand parents coming to #NYC from #DR this weekend. It's going to be nice to see them again., I think I'm coming tomorrow., Playing tonight with Nir Felder Quartet (w. Massimo Biolcati and Nate Smith) at the 55 Bar. It's gonna be a fun one. Come down!, Has the '"Safety School" chant come out for #NU in the #TDGarden yet or do #BU fans only chant that?, Late lunch at Cosi. Love their hummus and veggie sandwich on rustic flatbread. Wish there was one in Pittsburgh!, you need friends in life. Ill be yo friend, Tigers game with & :) Go Tigers!, My name must taste so good. Nobody can keep it out of their mouth! <3, Im helping you Donnie, "Hold On, Dont give up", I need a tape. It's gone be hard going through these growing stages., I kno I'm not on here much still a twitter freshman, Stop talking crap about me because you're jealous!, i didn't, baby i was born this way. :'(, Eating donuts with the friend, pretty sure thats everyone, not just you, Haha im pretty good at the game, I think youre losing ;D, Lil kids run up to be saying OGkush they neighborhood hero, Groovy. Keep us posted., Some people are just plain mean! -_- I'm not saying who but you know who you are..., No one at my school eats fish for some reason, Reading Self-Management for Actors by Bonnie Gillespie... well... because., Just switched to google chrome to solve my dilemma. Just a tip to those also having trouble. There is relief!, yeah your little red headed fire crotchrocket... Just kidding man it hurt like a bitch though, hope you are having a blast! i too, do you need one more follower, just follow me than I will follow you, Am i the only one looking at the clock lik every 2 seconds?!?, I'm having Taco Bell for lunch and my office is looking at me like I'm shooting up at my desk., I hate and tonight. Totally jacking mother monster's style + taking credit for it., That's bec we're survivors, yo! Sorry about the nightmare., it's hard to turn down that kinda money. Wonder what the negotiations started at. Impressed by Instagram. :), The pleasure was ours! Congrats on another successful meeting! RT thanks for coming!, Time for the #bachelor. Ben, there is still time to send Courtney home!!!, me to i wanna go to Justin's concert as well, So many new tweeps from - thank you! Looking forward to tweeting with you all :). Good luck., States states states, Ripped jeans skin was showing, thanks for following me, played really well the 1st half but the 2nd half others decided they were going to shoot more., Added Blackstreet to that last tweet., "Oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh" -- Alicia Keys, This is not the way I wanted to end my Tuesday evening. Dreaming of a better tomorrow..., :: Following a shooting on Milwaukee's south side involving a U.S. Marshal . Bus service disrupted, too. Details on Live on, So glad your prof apologized - my friends & I have better things to do than chase such an awful human being., Recently a customer requested Black Tea w/ Rose Petals. heard you and has whipped up a batch of limited edition here...., what did expect from the PNW crew Matt? How did my boy Jay do?, Need Twitter Basics? Come to "You should Tweet That Mar 29 at 9:30am". this workshop will go over all of the Twitter basics. Call 344-3933., FAIL on the bike ride..., Naptime. Lolo's was a feast., “: Not much can beat In-N-Out burger...” quite true, I'm jealous!, On 7News at 5:30, what Bruins need to do to bounce back at the Garden tonight. We're live with keys to the game., just like yhu bitch, Must be a coincidence that Kane County (KC) represents Kansas City (KC). Weird., My next novel: "You're Not Married - So what!", Awh, your the sweetest! Thank you! (:, I'm not reminding you of the time change. Be late! It ain't my job to keep you on time. Besides, you been told a million times., Are you feeding dialogue for Bobby to say next season?, Walker doesn't have a problem with facts. Walker doesn't shade the truth. Walker doesn't paint rosy scenarios. He lies to save himself., Toucher! : I love Carson too lol (:, It's usually used to dismiss the whole profession. Most famous example is re: Eve Sedgwick, a scholar I consider a model., Arrived at 24 Hour Fitness on the 23rd hour of the day and 5 hours later I'm showing no signs of stopping, Finished my first workout since twisting my ankle. Stuck with cardio machines that didn't require a lot of balancing., I think Twitter's short form doesn't always allow for those finer points to be explained. I hear ya!, Happy Birthday Pope Benedict XVI!!!, Feminism today is the protection and propagation of women’s rights wherever they are being trampled upon., Isn't it a penalty to spike the ball like that?, Listening to Meningitis Angel Grampa Dixon is speak out to protect our kids, Getting down on this Rice and Smoked Pork!, do you think it's true Mj's music catalogs got stolen from sony? Everything! O___o, God i hate crying...bri, Congrats Josh! Some where between Calvin Johnson & Mario Williams money, right?, what if it gets stuck around the guys Wang? Comes out with a bracelet on it., psshh, unworthy my ass!! Haha. But seriously, what is it?, R E T W E E T ••IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS•• #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay | #TFB •must be following me•, Thanks for RT!, Man 's New music video for "Two Up" is off the chain!! Must see crazy video. Great job bro!!, What is the one word you use almost every day?, Playing to sold out audiences last season, Pearl Bailey returns to MetroStage...by request. Tickets available for today's 3:00 Performance, it took me a 2nd that was the first text i saw. But whats up, I'm super bored., who cares!, is there any place to buy non gmo seeds locally?, Earl the Pearl - classic - Winston Salem -- Baltimore Bullets #noGoogle -- my hero growing up thanks, Its like this every morning, i got fat and pale. so that means fuck you, and fuck you too, “: Season Finale already? What was that, 4 episodes ??” <-, ": Brunch with a patron sour..... is it too early to be drinking?"never too early! (as long as others are with you,lol), Great quote and so true!, The brakes in the van don't work. Hoping the brake fluid we added helped. Time to rock the shit out of Atlantic City, is that the Arizona Interactive Marketing Association?, I know they were supposed to finalize it this morning but it doesn't appear to be posted yet., SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 14 should be out in the next few weeks..., I need to learn to crash to the expensive conferences ;), Dont hate. Adore, love and appreciate, pretty sure their contract only allows ristretto..., It amazes me how long me & been friends with some people & they still don't know we share the same birthday, home sweet home:), It's such a beautiful day! Glad the sun is shining where I am! Out in the warm weather listening to music I can dance too!, shout out to ! Which ever one you are in your pic?!?! Follow him., SPARKS takes place in Iowa. Watch the caucus for Bluists crashing the party to plant a pressed ham! Getting your butt on CNN=holy quest., lol. Did you spend like $20 there?, VERY cool perk! RT : RT : We're providing workspace for 3 of the winning teams, Thoughts on the new Nets logo/s?, I think I need a new challenge..., Great day with the DAO girls!! Thanks for the hard work!!, good morning mermaid fans!!! If you were a mermaid what would you be doing todyay?? I know I would be in th Carribian Sea frolicing, anyway... im seeing again in 3 weeks!!, <U+2610> single <U+2610> taken <U+2611> dropping out of society to live in the wilderness as a unicorn ;), Just signed up! I haven't used the Green Cream in a while, so I am looking forward to trying this new product., Don't fight it anymore....the urge for a delectable chocolate cupcake. You deserve one. So visit us and satisfy your sweet tooth., I would luv to meet common, wow.. but I was talking to Maurice and they had a trainer meeting Tuesday he said we ain't gettin no bonus fam..., Happy #ff Friday!, O's Win in 13innings defeating the dead sox 6-4! Let's go o's!, Thanks, Mace! Looking very forward to meeting you, , and all the other #cyc4lib librarians! :), YEAH, I BE EVERYWHERE BRUH, No, but Thanks 4 that!, haha I bet they're all great photos! :D And Kellan is cute. (;, Just realized that I no longer have anything to read during my commute to and from work anymore., my phone is off lil head, QoTD: "An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it." (Orlando A. Battista), great idea! I think I have popcorn..., and tweet proves you are clueless., lol ya I feel ya we have kids too damn little cock blockers!, Planning w/ #THENACA? & are available for select fall dates. Msg info for your, that makes me so happy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>, Johnny Depp was on Ellen today, and I missed it :(, Special guest "star" tonight as sits in., nice to meet you as well!, nope. just cropping. i click, box appears anywhere. totally unrelated to my mouse position., thanks for watching it with me even though ur redsox demolished my cardinal!, I got my #1GirlTour tickets yesterday! Im so excited to see again! ;), Wonderful to have you here--thanks so much for the Sunday Supper photo., You used to hold me, Starting auditions for my film. Very exciting!!!, who is the 2nd best player on the bulls?, This is the week to check out Lea Gray's "Visual Rhythm" art installation sponsored by www.Lumierecandleco.com ., aww :( If Oprah is not there anymore, who's going to endorse Obama? lol (just a joke lol ), Laying in the bed naked surprise for my bby, Ganna go swimming pool her I come :), Hopefully they get a deal done b4 training camp.Going 2 plan a cheer section at latrobe. People have been asking, Getting ready to go live again with Interim GM Chad Buchanan and Interim Head Coach Kaleb Canales on TBTV., When you are feeling down, go out and help someone., Thank you for the RT. ^dy, thought I already was. Haha., I just unfollowed a bunch of ppl for the IQ DM spam. They should leave that quiz crap on Facebook-don't bring it to Twitter!, I am thankful for every year I have lived, every day I experience, each moment in life. You know me as "Forever Happy & Eternally Grateful", Mother's Day is Sunday May 13th however is celebrating 11th & 12th as well w/ a complimentary dessert w/purchase of an entree, #Cosign : Saw the shuttle. Love the shuttle. Go nasa!, China currently maintains friendships w/ 160 countries and has signed 125 cultural agreements with other govts. via ZhaoheChe, Who's up for a Ah! My Goddess marathon? I am the living embodiment of Keiichi Morisato., work with LMNL forcing him out of the XML space to find new possibilities and then returning with those new possibilities, oh that's embarrassing. Oh well., Day was ok, even my night was fun until I checked facebook & then everything went downhill from there. So im going to sleep, for following Harmon Design. Uncustomary Design | Custom Made Best wishes for networking success!, Are you referring to the Cielo Vista South ES? It will open in 2014. Boundaries are approved the year before a school opens., did you unfollow?, THanks for following Nate!, Merry Christmas everybody !! Stay blessed and beautiful ;)), I love how I met your mother. Slap bet slapsgiving..is..legen wait for it and I hope your not lactose intolerant..dary., Hawt show them see what happens lol you may get a sugar daddy, Great Washington Post profile on the amazing ! Romney’s road to nomination paved by dedicated delegate counter..., THE FORSYTE SAGA, and 's novel!, Busy. But made time to chill at the cabin. How was your weekend?, whenever im upset i think of how unfair the situation is, i try not to but its so hard, thank you for the inspiring words., Sike...i think imma cry myself to sleep, Hi, yes I just came from China and began master study at U of Illinois. The CS texts I read are mainly course required ones., what the hell is going in Friday Night. Miss y'all. Ugh, So close on the first single being finished! Anyone want to hear it early? Check yes if you think it's so damn good - check no if yes., be excellent- then step into opportunities before you to allow the divine design to unfold in your life. ~ such a great lesson, enjoyed our last 7am day of the season..., School This morning, Totally not Looking forward to it. But its Friday :D, While supplies last, Sabra Classic Hummus is just $1.99, Red Bull and Red Bull Sugar Free are $1.29, and 2 for 1 Red Bull Cola is just $.99!, hanging with my fleshies this weekend should have been in florida ...sucks, hahahah just a bit. Agreed tho., I have 9 done, I was checking the draw and did a double-take, thinking I was looking at the wrong tournament :), Israeli Couscous, thank you, McIlroy vs Fowler!, Can you take me to the Superbowl with you? We can wear matching vintage Payton jerseys and laugh at Rex Ryan's facial expressions., good morning! hard for me to stay regular w twitter since I can't get access at work and I work long days. how are things?, omnomnom my dick, People search on twitter! Check us out in South Lake Union or Bellevue. Good luck with your move!, thankful for your music! Miss you guys!!, I'm still laughing at talking about these players and their adidas lol, here's an interesting factoid: four of 5 Little House on the Prairie books are checked out., Thanks for the follow. I read a couple of your blogs and thought they were excellent--I just posted one on my FB page!, what! please tell me that actually happened!, Hey!!! SNOW!! Just in time for our first Christmas today!, "This is a ruby. Is this a joke... what do I look like.. a Kardashian?" "No you're much less hairy.", ": #MentionTo someone you would die for." Iden, and what is that :P, #ILikeObamacare because I get to be on my Mom's insurance until I graduate from law school. Saves me from having to take out more loans., I loved your question, just shows how much the #arts are tied into, Thanks for keeping me up to date on the draft with your tweets. 90% of tweets in my stream is coming from you right now., we're waiting to see if we get another dog, but we'd love to see pics/meet Hunter! I'd have 5 dogs if let me :), who wants to give me ah shoutout ill give one back (:, m your angelic face and your unique way of life and intelligence, we really appreciate that!, are you in San Antonio? because I have a friend who's saying on here how hot all the AF boys are haha, "Social Listening" is an interesting topic (short-sighted IMHO). If U really want to analyze the conversation, provoke & enable it!, training next week, then work after that woohoo, never would.. ;), 90 minutes of #kenpo. Testing for the next belt on Easter weekend., If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble. -Moliere, wheres the money in the bank match?, At the #Houston Heritage Society tent for the #artcar parade! Show kicks off in 30 min!, Nice! Let's make it happen in June. We can swap crowdfunding ideas and talk social. :), I don't want no parts of what's goin on outside. Miss me., Chris Brown is the most talented person in the entire world Omdzzz, Theres always that person that brings everybody down, This better mean that Joan and Roger get back together..., Outside looking in I dont expect you to understand me.. It will take you a life time of configuration to understand the true Tiearra., What is virtue and honor? Virtue is placing the good of others before yourself, and honor is taking responsibility for your choice- Zhang Lu, #wmnldrs UWM SCEs Dean Arredondo stresses the importance of harnessing the power of women grads, Follow me please RT !!, guess so. But I would maybe tweet rich and ask him, #EmailMarketing Tip 33: write compelling subject lines, 50-60 characters. Tell, don’t sell. State the contents' benefits...., Thanks for checking it out bro! Glad your enjoying it. RT : CD is hot bro!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, I'm back with Brenna Whitaker and the cats at the W in Hollywood tonight. 10pm, hwood and vine., All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach, Really jealous of everyone seeing the Avengers!, was the flash deal a smashing success? It was an awesome deal, #STC12 Lightning Talks. Pressure on speakers. Great fun for audience. Many presentation styles. 5 crazy minutes! Don't miss it!, I tried to reply to you privately - but it is not working. I promise that I do not have any anger in my heart. We want peace but., Really? Too much cute/Hunky men type stuff happens to actually get scared..lol. Scared they won't get laid?, grad show + the next designer superstars + Sarah Burton () + + Princes Reema = ADRENALINE RUSH, lets convene for a debrief on IACRL and the semester!, 2011 NBA Champion Dallas Mavericks And Panini America Announce Multi-Year Marketing And Game-Worn Memorabilia Agreement, learned about coffee -watch from that is pretty slick, I'm going to start bitching at someone if this doesn't trend. HUSTLERS LOVE ATL, I think one of my favorite things about Thanksgiving is seeing cars with families inside <3 woo family., RT : Watching the wonderful vegan actor on CSI NY right now., HOW YA LIKE ME NOW?! :D, Thanks, Wally. We really should plan to get together sometime. I think we were both fortunate to have such fathers., I haven't watch much Marlins games since Opening Night, but I see that Heath Bell doesn't appear to be anything close to a fan favorite., I moved out, he moved in, the girl is sick she likes a lot of men., Thanks! Actually, I've been in less hospitable places than NY and won. So, we shall see. ;), of the show HIRED THX for following #Boston Worst! Are you Against a Written Test at a #job #interview asking AGE?, true, either way #urr runs it., aw man!! at least i'm on the train now-- I'm stoked!, oh i was like... "tf? is she saying her mom thinks we're gonna throw wet noodles at her again?", BIG BLUE NATION.....THE TIME IS NEAR. OUR 8TH. TITLE AWAITS. NERVOUS WITH ANTICIPATION.........., A Cheesy happy, Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. -Mahatma Gandhi, I will try really hard! I got to get with Madison while I'm there! U and vin will be easy to get together!, ill be back in november... Maybe may..., Its a buzzin' here at Portland's Maywood Park annual neighborhood garage sale weekend. Love my Parkrose community!, yeah its always a drunk fest there, Absolutely not! Fear is the root of evil - both for the good it prevents you from doing, and the bad it compels you to do., yeah, march 7th., longest day.., Good to know. This is my first and all still very new to me. But I guess equity might come in handy when I figure out how., Be aware of LA Taxi drivers. They will take u in circles if u are not paying attention., a food babie?, I'm jealous lol, RT : Praying for Dadaab, Kenya right now. Drought and sickness are rampant throughout this devastated refugee camp., What is your favorite place in the world, What a beautiful day to be in #SanDiego! RT Enjoying the IBEW Broadcasting & Telecomm Conf @ beautiful Hyatt Regency Mission Bay!, Ha, sounds like the pressure is on! #gameon cc:, On my FB! Now it's back in it's box, when we get a nice bookshelf I'll have it displayed up top. =D, it pains me to type important documents in Times New Roman, I am sure tickets will be tough to come by. I am going to have call in a few favors I think, but it would be worth it., the truth can be HARD to swallow depending on the size of the pill, hey sorry I forgot my twitter name on there my email is, I'd still be in that knockout game that's what!! Haha, Any Southern Cali bands down for a show July 10, 2010 w/ I, The Skyline... @ Cide Show Studios located in Los Angeles, CA. Message us., Doesn't it seem like NASA could be brought in on the Gulf disaster? Their engineers MUST be better than BP's., i think its cute when your cuddling with someone and your both naked, Filling water eggs for the hunt and making goodie bags... Yay!, Colin Powell speaking at #GradNationSummit. Very exciting!, Band excursion to the beach today! If you guess right maybe you'll spot us!, follow me??? Porfaa ;), Awesome! I remember the 3/4 - 2/4 - 4/4. also listening to that one in St A's teen center w/ some normandy folks! ;), Would love to see pics and/or video of your trip. Good to get an idea what's in store for Joe and me up the North Kaibab., Tonight, Contemporary Concepts Sq Hill, 4-7 Holiday Open House!!! Free gift wrap. Percentage of all sales to local charities!, Answer to Monday's Interesting Health Fact of the Day: When you take a step, you are using up to 200 muscles!, I would still say the Packers #1 need is an OLB opposite of Matthews rather than a S to replace Peprah., Great Nerdy Book Club post! Proud of you., :-( I always felt there were something that needed to pop. Last night I decided I might've been trying the wrong leg., Hope nobody got hurt at the Miller Compressing fire., #wendellberry on being an oddity: I'd have been a normal person 100 yrs ago., Kyle Orton better not come near Chicago. I'll snap necks!, Bernadette, winner of my gift certificate at the last event came for her facial today. She loved it! Such a sweet lady., Were you on the SL beta?, Hoi Polloi show tomorrow, excited! Can't wait to see my friend Saori doing her thing!, - Thanks for following me!, is listening to ravel, Booked our double-kayak tour for this Saturday! Ready to check out the sea caves!, But are there kumquats? cc, Now I want beer & pretzels. Got so distracted I didn't even finish reading your tweet., hi my email is thanks, What the bloody hell?!?!? My Father can play the guitar?? :O, ": it's not everyday a phone smells like dog treats #whattheheck"Hahahaha your phone has a weird appetite!, Or are we!? Just kidding yes we are just messing around. None of this was serious., Christmas Open House tomorrow! 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Refreshments and a FREE gift for you just for stopping in., jealous ! jealous ! jealous ! jealous !, BabyGirl says doing yoga in a tanktop and panties is not 'yoga-ie' enough...apparently she has a specific idea of 'yoga-ie'...I made her :-), probably. They moved there from Florida last August lol., Anyone in the Dallas / Fort Worth area want to come eat some barbecue with us tomorrow? :), its written down on a peicne of paper in my locker, Watching stomp the yard, Super Nintendo Happy hour at Cactus!! 2 flat screens, games up the wazoo, + Bud slinging excellent drink specials!! 3-7pm!!, In Greensboro, big day tomorrow so I'm going to get some rest..., you sleep?, You have issues..., #RCTID From Sea to Shining Sea!, We love our fans, and people willing to give us a chance. We do not give a shit about closed minded scene fucks, Just bought Athletics tickets. Looking forward to barrage of emails from Oakland A's from now until I die., I have new-bike fever!, You inspire many designers every season!, oh cool wat u buy?, panties smanties who needs em? Been there before. To.funny, haha! i'm just sitting at home watching tv lol, Thanks for the RT. Happy New Year!, Thanks bro!, Sending my love from America! RT : you should come to germany!!! got a lot of fans over here in hannover ;), Went too far, got a tad carried away and ya left me., I seriously wish I lived in Australia so I could be in the same country as and, you'll learn when you're older, Hey guys go follow us on twitter!, I hate my bus....with a burning passion..., Our first two followers!!, “All great changes are preceded by chaos.” ~ Deepak Chopra, Sometimes it don't kill to say sorry., We trust you did just fine!, Join OVS this Thursday, November 18, at 7:30 PM, when Rabbi Efraim Davidson will discuss the 3M's of Judaism. Cost: $5, includes ice cream., On this day 1972: Los Angeles Police raid a radio station after DJ Robert Morgan played Donny Osmond 'Puppy Love' for 90 minutes straight., what r you doin up so late boy, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia!, Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you... That's the wrong thing to do., My name is Ivy, and I am a #LookGoodDoGood #Millennial. I #giveback in wicked stilettos., Kanye west voice -on my way home-, Uh Oh! But I am sure he will come out on top of this situation! ; ) Happy Birthday to you!, I gotta watch Desperate Housewives tonight., My wife just asked me, "who are you wearing?", waiting for her to "rock my shit" i dont see my shit being rocked lol, But then whipping! “: . describing the 'XML' view of the world. …'tho' in practice lots of invalid XML!) #bibnext”, wow alright then lol, I can't wait to see it!, its cool, it didn't bother me., Words they will get a treat!, Sounds like forcasted weekend winds are getting firefighters a little nervous already., twitter fail whale, What kind of idiot believes in individual people as "job creators"? When was the last time you got hired by some wealthy dude?, The #NCAA bball tournament is getting underway, who's filling out a bracket? Pres. Obama is picking UNC to win it all, who do you pick?, Haha. They asked if I was interested when they hired me. They're losing the girl who is the asst bookeeper for all Pdx stores., RT if you agree that #MAHOMIES are the best fan base ever! <3, is funny how when u was young u was always scared of your mama or daddy but as you get older u start to buck on they ass!, That may have just been the lamest tweet I've ever sent. But it's lameness makes me giggle inside. I'm a total geek., Don't forget that Jeff Campbell and Keith Moody will be in the house tonight! 8:30 doors, $5. I am saving a seat for you!, Oscar Robertson, I just don't respond at all...then they get upset and yell at me till they block me., lol. Haven't seen you here in awhile ;), good to hear hopeful stories from people with, I've never seen that much stupidity in one person. Mind boggling..., Im So Determine to Get SIGNED To MMG LASTKINGS OCEANGANG YMCMB ALL THIS WORK PAYS OFF, You bet! Have a great week :), we r failures at trying to make this work lmfao #iluvyuh!, I'm #Encouraged to walk with the Lord, all the way., In reply to my obsessed reclusive nature of producing art my grandmother warns me that time creeps up on you quickly. Time and Zombies I say, im gonna fucking kill myself, Happy Bastille Day everyone. Time to dig up Caress of Steel., Where to begin! I've been lucky, privileged really, to be schooled by so many wonderful teachers., watch the throne ill be right back, Whatever thoughts u entertain in the hidden corridors of ur mind will eventually show up in ur words and actions. #goodorbad Prov. 23:7, Jonah Hill and Kristen Wiig are definitely banging right now, Jordan writes songs. Darn it, i thought he rode unicorns for a living., follow me, I called it 2 months ago, They weren't high at all...and it was totally throwing me over. #Don'tGetIt, An instructor once told me that when there's resistence in your body, it's only because of the resistance in your mind.LET GO. Lisa Bonet, My new favorite spurs player/athlete, HB1450 would ensure that federal education dollars that MD gets go to supplemental education programs for low income students., my sister just made my moms friend cry. LOL. stop being a baby. you're like 40 something. you are crying for no reason lady.., is that the Tennessee Challenege or Sea Rays?, I wish I had the patience to wait until the season is over to watch in one sitting - it really is the best way., still have time to hop on the farmville train - it's still undervalued :), Was planning on recording today, if Virtuous skip her session tomorrow, I'll be in the booth., Thanks for the #FF, Chris. Have a great weekend., my first time with material culture and I am more confused than ever. The prof says this is normal but it makes doing the assignments a pain, Thank fuck it Friday!!, Double punch drink of the day is a gingerbread latte, yum!, "Justin what do you wanna be when you grow up" "im ganna be, im ganna be, im ganna be a.... Crossing Guard", Everyday is a busy day, what are you talking about?, Planning 4 events that take place within 2 days of each other gives me a greater appreciation for my fabulous #weddingplanner!, Thank you! RT : the best!, good kisser eh?, Absolutely! That and that it can be difficult to shift gears when you do have a bit of time to do your own stuff., yes keeping my fingers crossed! :) x, There are more households in America with #dogs (43 million) then with #kids (38 million). -USA Today, Dec 8, 2011, Oh well im only going to two classes:D, I also produce/direct music videos, commercials, TV, promos and new media content., never had it but I know people who're gaga over it. i've sensed strong pretentiousness/overrated waves emanating from it tho., Congratulations, Auntie!!!!! ;), Beautiful dbl play, Never in the course of history, have so many owed so much to so few., how the hell is Tannehill a top ten pick??? and then a guy like graham harrell go undrafted, i hate the draft, tweet tweet I'm writing your poem(;, . Please tell me this awesome moment was done at the hoop at my desk?, Hm more highlights or dark hair for prom, Getting my nails done with my mom and sister, awake for this funeral., Trying to decide where to go for vacation in May with Scott. I'm thinking Florida sounds good!, I probably have it too, haha i dont remember!, There have been too many instances in my life where GOD has proven he is real.Prayer with 100 percent faith really works!, FORREAL I GREW UP DURING THE IN LIVING COLOR ERA I LOVE EVERYTHING THE WAYANS DO SO S/O TO, Sandra Bulloch: no...just, no., Prevw song from1Girl by Mindless Behavior on the iTunesStorePreview buy and download1Girl for $799 Songs start at just $129, Every Sinner has a future, every Saint has a past., #schoolmemories flash mob in the cafeteria with and nicole(:, Now playing Kanye West, Stronger., “: Everyone said you're doin a great job #trustme” you never say this..., Your good health is a gift that needs special care. Eat well, excercise and relieve stress whenever you can., DC Family of 4 is defined as poor if they make less than $22k but an income of twice that amount is needed to meet basic need., So good to catch up last night and of course . its was a special night 4 all miss you guys!, apparently you DID, Gladiators Cage Fighting Info for tonight 3/14: WI State Fair Park. Doors/Undercard 5pm, Main Card 8 pm. 25 MMA bouts. A great night out!, Last call for requests for tonight's #Wits!, Facebook kind of ruined my day's productivity, but at least it was exciting, damn it. Ima peer pressure the fuck out of you the next time I see you haha, 1405 words written - I only need 1000 more in 9 hours, Good #Crossfit sesh this morning.. had a little anxiety over box jumps, LOL, All-stars! Yay!, Finally gonna sleep over my bf Jamie's house :D, that's a bad string of luck. Probably happened yesterday on Friday 13th. Smooth sailing from here., I have a new Siamese Kitten -- is he FAST! Whatever mischief he gets into, he does it FAST-and he is so cute, but rules are rules:Cat Rules!, they may have the skin color wrong, but they are damn right about the name!, It's 64 degrees and SUNNY in Denver. rode his bike to work today, did you?, So at what point does a "bad start" become a "bad first half"?, I still like Tami but not as much as I use to :/ lol, #TrayvonMartin, Sgt. Robert Bales, anti-Semitism, etc. all current and top news. Why isn't Rick Santorum vomiting because of ALL OF THAT?, Thinkin about #oomf just know I want ya lol, Can you take out a credit default swap on Tim Tebow?, I have a drive time tonight:(, Do I really have to wake up early tm, I mean today??!! :(, you need to let me copy your map;))))), #printchat RT : Do pre-press operators ever tell off-color jokes?, #retweet ~> : To the #moms Happy Morhers Day!, I hate working with dense 16 year olds! Really getting on my nerves!, Miami dj, ariel and i went to keith's earlier. lol., Everybody is in need of that something that can spark up your day, pleasseee tweet me darling....go on ;) xo, me either that match is gonna be awesome and Good Mrning to you to how are you today, Hey you can at least call a brother and let me know hiw you are doing, Back from the gym.and I feel like I had a half ass wrkout bc my mom was low key rushing me... She wonder why I dont invite her when I go :(, i am gearing up for softball and golf and hopefully to meet u at a CB concert this year, Just curious. What's the current record for men's shot put? Thanks!, Serving the community through various programs!, #raw10 Alot of People voted Arnold Schwarzenegger as Gov cause of the Terminator movs, now they want him out. Wheres John Connors?, What a Giants v Eagles game last night! Kept me up late, Holy fuck .. #Stahl from the point!, Embossing Tip - Use vaseline to mount the male/female die to the press., Sleigh Bells live on YouTube / Terminal 5!, Nap time...then back to work for 3:30...have a great day, one thing 4 sure there wont be no lip syncin live for sure!, things that aren't lame: new Keane CD out today, Ok, now I love it! #ByeJacoby #HelloSpeed : I like the Martin pick. Speed, explosiveness. Return man. Jacoby is toast #texans”, Doing some heavy reading to get prepared for a working visit to NSF, I'll take what you guys dont want LOL!! Donations Please! aha : ), anything other than free shipping? :), Too irritated I'm dne being nice to people who treat me like shit, I'm at LAX waiting for a United flight, too! It's madness here., Happy revenge of the fifth, RT : San Antonio this Thursday 4/12 EndLess Music, Doctors say Giffords was shot in the head; bullet traveled straight through her brain. Giffords is out of surgery, My son Birthday today we gonna hit up a good restaurant!, Damn . That nigga know my number by heart ! Lol, I never had blue balls, hahah I never will because I m fucking!! Lol, D1 candidates just got asked question about underage drinking in a specific condo complex. Good times., I'm on a lot now cause I don't have a fb anymore lol, i'd love to play there <3 and meet you!, When we first met, I had no idea you’d become this important to me., it is friday for me !baseball tonight, My daughter wants to go to china to get ingredients for her invisibility potion... lol, THE LYONS, with Linda Lavin and Dick Latessa, opens on Broadway tonight!, About 4 tables due west. I can see from here. Full disclosure: we're a bit rowdy already, I have to leave now ... see u later guys!, I guess I'm a little bit skeptical about never. Not even a non-romantic dinner for two?, Spending my Saturday watching Libertarian National Convention on C-SPAN., Hollie went home .-. im sad., How many toll booths were destroyed in the Earthquake in IL? Did Wrigley crumble & fall apart?, "You'll never be perfect, nobody is, people just have to accept you for who you are.", rain rain go away!, My migraine-esque night was apparently caused by food poisoning. Has this happened to anyone else?, If these guys bad then I gotta be a demon., These American Idol auditions at Petco Park are making life inconvenient for East Village residents., Oh Patsy Cline, you know me too well., Just skyping with big deal, A friend is starting a clothing line and looking for a web designer. Do you have examples of work? Happy to connect you., DiCaprio's new cause-centric website launching in the next several weeks, Joking aside the stuff is just as blue 4 guys & girls that r advancing but mood oh boy different story there, #Bulls don't get any respect. That is all., He'll want the car keys tomorrow., ahaha wooops! i overlooked that fact!, and I hope u enjoy this beautiful day :), Chilling wit the lil bruh ugh to boring!!!, hey girl, When your teacher lets you do whatever you. Want because shes lazy to do teach you anything >, Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers. ~Veronica A. Shoffstall, Just made my first commit at my new job. And of course it is a data-modifying sql script., Thanks for the follow Dom - hope your website is coming along!, Date night with tom (y), thank you!!! Of course let's do something!!!, GREAT SHOW TODAY...catch the episode on www.worldtalkradio.com Variety Channel THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW....JoAnneh was amazing!, The crossbar gets Terry's wife first., #lautnermakesme I'm so gonna trend this, 'cause I'm ugly as hell. #uglypeopleproblems why you single fo ma? you lookin' gewd!, #ThingIHateTheMost my list today is too long, email alerts for new followers? Geez, even I'M not that narcissistic., OMG THE ENDING OF THOR IS LITERALLY THE BEGINNING OF THE AVENGERS. LIFE IS PERFECT., Is there any of our friends not buying a poster? How much are the variants?, Do you want to give back? If you get it share it - our moto! Run 4 board positions - Exciting time to be social professional, most adults kinda agree, I'm gonna hike the Palmer Lake Trail to at least the first reservoir. If the trail isn't icy, I'm going further anyone wanna come along ?, It's fine, not even raining surprisingly enough., What a day. Quite sad and interesting all in one. I would be more invested in it, if I wasn't so rested and ready to move on to next week., Get ready!! New tunes are almost here!, Cmon on promoters, hit me up! Get ur hustle on I know ur out there lol!!, those things you wish could are called experiences where you learn from them. Good or bad., Shoutout to all my Jeff soccer boys that beat West again! #districts #heckyeah!, The difference between Trayvon Martin & Zimmerman is basically Trayvon had his hood on and Zimmerman didn't! #I'm just sayin', Merry Christmas! Thanks for being our 2000th follower! Hope your Christmas has been amazing!, forgot we shared the same best day ever, let that nigga have his moment -_-, lol awe thank you!, RT HATE IS FOR THE WEAK, it's a virus its sending everyone tht it's fake it's nothing wallah¢, welcome back!, Wow i am so tried, but i slept an hour earlier last night :/ thanks goodness i don't have a class today., Today is National Peace Officer Day. So may friends in law enforcement. God bless you folks for what you do., you excited for my birthday!? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>, It's amazing what unity can do. ": Hermanos,friends, family have raised appox. $15K. Avg. funeral cost for 1 person is $8K", My new itouch cases make my itouch feel so slim, You win some & you lose some ...and, then you move on. :), lets chat!, I KNOW. Hes on his man-period., In correspondence chess you often get the chance to challenge as both white and black., don't listen to Courtney., yea but I leave Bacc out in the am, When you support others to go for their dreams or champion a good cause you make a bigger statement about you than who you help-givers gain!, Reminder that tomorrow is the last day to order your SENIOR CLASS T-shirt. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095> $10., I got a spot that's good. I don't record much anymore. I focus on mixing to be the best., Just heard my sister interviewing my grandma, haven't heard her voice in so long.......love u and miss u so much grandma! Rest in peace, Ryan, Thanks for the support. Trying to inspire people to make better choices, Sugar plum palmyras for 120 at Cartier. :) missed the Santa photos this year., sorry to hear that, I'll pray for a speedy recovery!, Living next to a strip of bars is cool until you wanna sleep with your window open <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, Theyve broken into my car three times now, and stole it once. The world hates me., oh hello. guys?, Mornin' World...let's get this day goin...got goals...let's reach em :), This game isn't over., “: If you drink enough, your brain starts photoshopping people.”, It's always guys that I don't like who likes me... but the guys I like don't give two flying noodles about me., I love your story! <3, Thanks for the follow!, text me trick!, ok I have re group after that tough loss last night. we have are winners!!, I may be inclined to agree, Thankful for seesters who come to my house to p/u stuff to take to storage while I'm at work., We have just been endorsed by Univerisity of Nebraska medical center, So true RT : If you want to get off the treadmill, you have to get comfortable with being uncomfortable, Glad you liked it too!, “: I'm pretty sure I just ran over a bird.”, Hahaha, do I still get a dollar if you win?, heading home to St. Louis tomorrow to catch up with my family and friends!, Dear Headphones, stop having rough sex in my pocket. Sincerely, tired of untangling., At urgent care with my 5yo because adding a fever to our "to do" list was exactly what we needed., SO MANY BOOKS SO LITTLE TIME., "Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." ~George Herman "Babe" Ruth, : When boys tell you that they can't get you off of their mind. <U+2764>, Hey it's BK, Alcatraz closed on this day 1963. Are you watching the new show about the famed prison?, i still don't think chucks + jeans are cool, The Nigerian Communications Commission says subscribers will not pay for Mobile Number Portability service scheduled to begin in September.", Bouta go on a gas station run, o here we go... sucks im so old huh? lol i will be the big 28 in march!, Language is a machine for making falsehoods -Iris Murdoch, I love you, Listening to Rainbows! Most underrated dude in the game., Probably 5,000 degrees in my house right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>, Good news just keeps on coming!!! So happy right now.. loving life =), Happy 65th Birthday Freddie Mercury!, hey do you guys have any plans to add in keyboard shortcuts for boomerang for gmail? that would be awesome, i would love it!, officially wins my vote for best NHL player on twitter. You are awesome and made my night with the retweet!, Ordering a Soft Trap instrumental from Ellis, haha you're so right!, have Yu produced for tech 9, Thanks for following. See you at one of your gigs ( or mine ! next week ), I'm Happy, doing everything within my power to raise my child by any means so let me be!, thanks for the follow! We're in an awesome industry. #Crowdfunding is the way to go! :), U can't love nobody until u love yourself, Florida is shooting 70%..... From three point range!!!!!!, ha, i'm just being a pest. but i'm glad to know the date. i want to come :) cc:, She deserves it! RT : Hell yeah, she is! “: Atheist high school student gets huge scholarship.", “: dont judge me but #peacewhat?” oh oh, :( haha google it, Can't wait for summer so much things I'm going to do like watch tv, eat, and sleep, tweetin from my tv !!!, Thank you Neil for the RT! Greatly appreciated!!!!, Look for Bass Masters writer Ken Dukes article on Florida Flipping as he interveiwed Brandon Card BASS Rookie. Wow he throws Jethro!, Did Gruden just say players on Twitter aren't focused? ---> He should check out before he speaks!!, The Buzz - Hutchinson News, Cdn perception is cacheable content equals video. Reality, there's a lot of software downloads/patches, I wish me and julian could freakin change places, and I'd be in college, old enough to have a job and make money. -__-, you're right women need eyebrows, wow tyler almost got caught :3, "Why? The answer is simple: Music is a cultural artifact, and the culture has moved on.", I need your help. We need to do "gold outs" during the playoffs. Fans and players wear gold every game., she told me I have 2 minutes to use the bathroom. Listen lady I have to shit and I dont take miracle speed shots so wait., The taxpayers can't wait another 1,113 days for a budget. We need the immediate accountability my Restore America plan delivers., If you won a grammy you don't need a WAMI!, #FF Online Sister LOVE THEM <3, I say puck you with a p., o ok, GOODMORNING WONDERFUL PPL ON OUR TL!, Oh HELL NO, I'll never be a trick!, true... And who knows, you might not have strong enough feelings again..., : “Players with fight never lose a game, they just run out of time.” John Wooden” AH", Thanks to Mad Men amc is creating bull shit like The Pitch., We can't wait to host your fantastic hat event!, thanks - following now (from a long time f guru subscriber), Just finished 's new zombie novel ZONE ONE for a review I'm writing for the Wall Street Journal. You?, "To be a star, shine your own light, follow your own path, and don't worry about the darkness; that is when the stars shine brightest", getting used to the new TweetDeck look and WORD 2010 - feeling overloaded that I can't do yet what I used ot do on both-learning curve, At Auburn Fest!!, Abode Connect allows ypu to poll and chat at the same time., Sorry lil guy you're on your own., #drupalcon #ux I'm at the Drupalcon session covering the Minnesota Drupal Usability Study., still wondering why they should pay big bucks for the story her lawyers fabricated that we heard for free, . and Tom Shepard must be just steamed about the SDUT calling their Prop D a pension tax., a little more GTL and he'll be good to go, great suggestion-- ill be there! thanks adrienne!, Hard work, AVID pay off for Dell Scholar, 17, Gotta love this job..., Did you know; Lisa Gay Hamilton's husband is a writer. Thelonious Monk: The Life and Times of an American Original, I'll be unfollowing 459 people if they are'nt following me back!, The good thing about shopping with my dad- saying please gets me almost anything., Jack Nicklaus & Johnny Miller basically just said goodbye Tiger, hello Rory., Share your pics of the conference. email to ., lol maybe you should stay inside, come to trine right now., Nobody else has such objective, creative & holistic programming! Why I #loveMPR Happy V-Day to you all., so sweet :) I'm jealous!, Tired of crying., And...HELLO, welcome to Brett and Billy!!! I hope you two have the most amazing week! Thanks for stopping by and rock on! : ), Yeah, is killin' it at right now with a Bob Dylan cover of Don't Think Twice, It's Alright., He's so disgusting. He literally offends me more than the entire "cast" of Jersey Shore., Buy Starhawk made by my friend here in Austin over lots of late nights., I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. Martin Luther King, Jr., Run Run!, yeah! Next 2 weekends my calendar is crazy, but after the beginning of may my calendar we'll be pretty free!, I loved seeing you too, sisssserr!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>, young ave the slave, you continue to show great courage. You are making Wisconsin proud. We continue to Believe in You!!! See you June 5th!!!, Groupies? Does creating some via "Weird Science" count?, Very sad isn't it?, Getting ready for today's game!, Head to the farm!, What is happening with these instrumentAl cutaways? Is that Sheila E. on the drums?, Heading from Spokane To Knoxville, TN for yet another Self Wealth Live Event! Going to be awesome!, Hey just trying to get a headcount for class tomorrow. Do you think you'll be able to make it?, No matter what the media says You'll always be the girl who's warm hearted,talented,beautiful n amazing. I love u MC :-), You might hate YOLO but we love you. ;), Biggest surprise of the confrontation #Pacers players got in at an Orlando bar: a TMZ camera was following Kyrylo Fesenko, The forecheck is the new "trap defense" for the Devils. Completely shutting down the, omg I love that my name is Booth!! I want to read the essay!, MT: Shooting response today Wed 3/21 at 6pm, Kingston Ave & St Johns. Stop Shooting. Start Living., sweet! Have you read the sequel?, RT the past is over and is never coming back, I feel popular...., What finals do we have Monday?, Yeah, I use them for different things. This is actually more personal than what I do on FB, where I mostly post photos/music., ": I should go swimming" (go swimming then) #sixflagsoverhere :-P, Anyone ever have this problem in #gmail? Phone says 24 unread emails, desktop nav bar says 7, none show up in my inbox., "I'm getting sick of your bullshit attitude", Thanks for the follow We hope you dig all the awesomeness we have planned for 2012., Best memory is wheel chairing the bases and D Haren signing a baseball for both of us! With 11 yo daughter of course!, Funny you tweet this, we're creating some right now! RT : There's a monthly rebus in magazine., perhaps. shoot me an email at kristineide at gmail dot com., the first cut is the deepest., I had a dream about you last night!, I gotta kick my ass tomorrow morning!!!!, It's gotta be the holdovers! I happened to just post mine. I didn't want to crush dreams too early....I mean my own., I hate the smell of new dick, Wow, I almost forgot that I haven't watched last nights The Walking Dead . . . off to the DVR!!!, Yay! Are you going to visit Lambeau? How long are you staying? I'm sure your sister is excited!, Lol Don't feel bad. I've done it before., Tomorrow is the start of #SportsExposSLC! RT if you are going to be there!, Too many people will believe anything they say., I don't, idk where to find that out actually, re:Dreamy New Kirk: screw that, I'm all about Winona Ryder playing Spock's MILF-mom. What a cougar!, Zapato Power: Freddie Ramos Springs into Action released by Albert Whitman Sept. 1st., Wondering if there are any free career coaches out there., Ryan misses me!, what happens in Napa tends to stay in Napa, except the hangover. That comes home with you., A few adult reads: The Forgotn Gardn, The Help, Cutting 4 Stone, Lovng Frank. YALit: Maze Runners, Hate List, Chains. & U?, I had a wonderful mothers day., RT : Q3. Do today’s youth have a right to feel entitled to anything? If so, what?, Very Cool!, Come join the, Just got in from that party bus. I'm tired as FUUUUUUUCK !, Why do they call it double-u when it's really a double-v, Who are they to say you can't. When God says you can?, hey you.., Mockingjay sitting on my desk at work. How much trouble do you think I'll get in if I just bust it open?..., ur like my executive secretary. DM me the link i need thos studio pro joints, love you to!! <3, Just making stay-at-home a no-brainer I guess! RT New Babysitting Bill Is Going to Ruin Life for Working Moms, I figure I might as well collect CDs while others collect vinyl. It's something different. Still, I collect both :) do you have, You done seen me at my best, seen me at my worst, so when this shit ends, know it's gone hurt., I miss my cats. ...I have this firm belief that cats are the meaning of life..., Isn't it a cop out for Romney to file for an extension on his taxes? Even if it's his right to do so?, lol yes! so true. the "who, me? oh, i don't actually LIVE in the street...i just dress like i do." look., Our apologies for the confusion. Glad to hear the gloves were in stock on the site. Thanks again for being a loyal customer!, LA get ready... is spinning live ! It's Friday 13th & raining, time to party!, yeah. I don't want to call names but that's rude., I'm sorry, superior intellect coupled with peak human agility and strength? Yeah, you're right in calling Batman a superhero., Remember to include #EBUS118 in your tweets to show up with class. Also, need space after DM and no a direct message, OMG!! : St. Louis CAM director Paul Ha named director of MIT's List Visual Arts Center, I understand not showing on Super Bowl Sunday BUT waiting til the 19th! We need daily twits. Will is hella sexy w that bat!, Can't share in 140 characters lol... It just gets old.. I'm fine :) RT : wtheck happened, Today's BTU inspiration: "True happiness... arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one's self." ~Joseph Addison, im proud of you cookie, Nigg ian in no rush and it.pop Up on mi fone, Richie Farina creating moto magic with his new dim sum dish. It looks amazing!, yOU aRE mY QUEEN :), 2 followers away from 800! Who's gonna help us out!, Finally a new avi? Nice. :-), Thank god is back on TV in the US. Angry Boys is genius., LOL go at night you'll be the only chick there Id rather be left alone while I'm working it out! But I'm not a morning person!, thanks for sharing your thoughtful remarks abt. interoperability and mobility features with the group!, dag nabit; I need six stars by god!, you too! Love your idea and site. Great job. If you're ever in LA let's meet up!, BraveHeart Awards lofty Beginings 4 good causes has Lame bait N switch ending w/out Biggest recipient Maya Angelou., I want a standing desk., btw w just celebrated 8weeks on The Billboard Jazz Charts w LIFESIZE MIRROR, What does a middle-aged matron wear to a music festival? (For the sake of her teenage son, "as much as possible" is probably the answer.), is 2012 U.S. Master Tax Guide., Another #amasin meal at ! Seriously stuffed with deliciousness!, Agreed! was great! RT : so nice to finally put a face to a name. Hope to see you again on Monday., It'd just be so great if all girls were bald all of a sudden. lol, follow #lldv at SXSWi -- it's a panel on data viz. really great thoughts and examples., haha it's kind of true!, especially a player like miller, which Davis went on record of saying they "wouldn't, My 13 hr shift money is all going to the courts tomarrow:(, One of my favorites of 2008. The climactic scene between Sally Hawkins and Eddie Marsan is arresting, Deep in research for business outreach on green issues via social media. May seem boring, but I'm squeeing like a Tennant fan., Don't be a jerk. Ass., Kate Stanford of Google talking SoLoMo with great examples... Mercedes Key to Viano interactive campaign via key chain very cool., i gotta play that at every party, it hits hard, we can talk she rather fuss ., THANKS DUDE, Was that your brother in the DailyMile photograph? I wouldn't have recognized him since I haven't seen him in *at least* 5 years, One of my clients look at me and said "wow you r beautiful"... Oh thanks bt u still hve to take ur meds so open up...lmao, Can we now shut up about Straponburg bo?, I saw that you finished cleaning your room...not!, “Riding along in chaps and spurs, the clear cool breeze in my face,I wondered why the life of a cowboy wouldn’t suit me”, Tiger is still going to win this thing, but best of luck to Freddy!, #FACT ": I'm only perfect on days that end with "Y", It blows my mind that this is even a discussion, along with contraception and abortion., Can't wait to see it :). You make me throb....., A lot of truth is said in jest., When Becky makes Dirty Bananas before 5 >>>, Thanks! When I told John and Lori I got a new job I said it was in Dallas. I think Lori almost dropped the plate she was holding!, Are you that man that I can trust; love; respect; be proud of; be with forever and not give a second thought of?, Is there a plato's closet in el paso? If yes, can someone take me?, Strategy is everything. Execution is everything else. - Ram Charan, Everyone should check out new music vid. Or if you havent already, check out the band!, "Can I please smoke with you? You're just holding it, like it's your baby." <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>, Uhm I remember her not liking when people ask if she's okay., you want it on twitter or private?, Great UK tour! Now onto our month-long US jaunt...Sacramento tomorrow night at Luigi's, hell yeah dude I couldn't take those damn bugs and I was always hula hoopin lol, Guns in church, church in school and school at home., ITALIAN WEDDING SOUP, YUMZ!, I feel like a Manichean for saying that., Nah. Maybe some hot tea. [yawn] At least I got some productive stuff done while I was up late., now he's 6th, guy in shorts is just preparing for his retirement here in Florida., hard to mature in that knucklehead environment. I don't think he's a total lost cause. We'll see more w/o schottenheimer around, Thx T! March 1 I better get best twitter tutorial in the world. Attending American U Digital Media Grad program!, Looking at old pictures brings back so many great memories #loveitt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, I love my Mac. Just sayin' :D Good luck - that sounds like a really annoying issue, "for all we know Jesus was trying to win the loaves and fishes account" ...., When your ex says "you'll never find anyone like me".... That's when you say.. "that's the point"., I ask you a question I already know the answer to just to see if you'll lie to me., Sounds like Crazy Linda would be a great reality show!, Come on down to Florida! We welcome everyone--crazy or not! :), ha! i saw this!! she's so happy she cries...love it!, Thank you! On bedrest after IVF transfer and so worried! Life is tough sometimes!, If my baby come out ugly, she/he gonna know how to hag, know how to dress n have high self esteem., On set with doing video with the awesome staff of Evergreen Heating & AC., Haha YAAAAAAAY I'm not the only one haha :D you can be my hometown buddy haha, The charity photo shoot I do today with Michael was really great, 2.5 million people that died in the Holocaust are still unidentified. Every victim had a name and a family., haha yes! Ready to crush this final?, Excuse me, cleveland away; Baltimore at home Week 2 RT : Birds open at home vs Cleveland 9/9, Picks in play: Blue Jays, Brewers, Reds, i almost forgot about scandal til I saw ur tweet lol, #ARathlete look for #nikestrobe really cool stuff that will make you even better than your competition, Happy happy joy joy happy happy joy happy happy happy joy joy!, McNabb??? Sorry brother he shouldn't even be a HM. I put you way ahead of him, Seriously though, I can't believe I'm excited that gas is $3.95 a gallon. That'd a damn shame. But better than what it has been., I'm bout ready to slap me like five people.... I swear, QoTD: "It takes less time to do something right than to explain why it was done wrong." (Henry Wadsworth Longfellow), note to musicians & bands: don't send us links to your music if you didn't write it yourself. #whatisthisworldcomingto?, Love how is bringing me slutty brownies today :D, 30% chance of rain ='s 100% chance of bullshit coming from forecast., "The healthiest response to life is joy." -Deepak Chopra, #Cubs fans with Derrek Lee or Mark Prior jerseys: ignorant of your roster or just cheap? (also #Brewers fans with Hardy jerseys), Have you already compete on a #piano contest?, "Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase."--Martin Luther King, Jr, how is it goin? Is it a tight score?, I could never fuck one of my girl friends, agreed and #natgas is there!, holiday today, Looking for the next subject for my outdoor living column in Know any stylish people with a great #outdoor space? Hit me up., hehe Carson (: its okay, saturday sept 24....club 241....mad, Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over, Are you going to May 16th? I'll be there shooting event., Last night I couldn't stop thinking of you...., cinco de mayo class? See you there?, Oh and twitter spam., I fucking love The Who., I love my vacation on Australia and then disneyland on Florida :) *giggles*, sounds amazzing! Call me up baby. Bahaha, do you have any gumball head??, Thanks for the RT Uncle Bill! ;-), Busy day! #Indy is lucky to have people like you who do so much for the, you know they were delish..., Two redeye flights in three days. I leave tonight at 11pm and get back to Tampa at 11am, #dressshopping yayyy .... -.- well gotta do it sometime ...., Longtime Middle School LMS needs input on using social networking & online resources for prof development. Mainly technology resources., Reggie Evans looks like a smedium Kimbo Slice in a headband., Yeah, I've been told I misread an article as an update from NBC. If it turns out to be true, though, I'm oddly OK with it., of course you are, Good mornin tweeps feelin way better then yesterday #Refreshed y'all have a good day...., I added your pin :), Invisible People only got $10 in donations for last 2 months..., Well it sounded like a big spill on the scanner. Guess the tank on the tractor was leaking pretty good., I want Baltimore fans to PACK THE YARD tonight for our game against Toronto. Yes, I know they're in Toronto. Daddy needs a new Monet., ah i just found a dead bee in my blueberries!!!!!!!, omw too church much needed, Which villains steal soap from the bath? Robber ducks., .. Unless that's what you're hoping for. :-), they're just taking up voter id, as I understand it. Alec into so much more..., Rev. Wilson was 25 when he saw "zombie-like" people in the camp. As a chaplain, he led worship services for the Survivors., Love it!, Trying to convince the satellite campus to update their software in computer labs. Had to teach on IE 6 last night--yes, 6. ugh., I need to start eating real food.. Not dorm food, lol that sounds like a fair trade. I'll try my hardest, I love my new icon. (: Demi looks so flawless. <3, or the other way around, - Have you ever done a speaking engagement in #Pittsburgh? If not, you should! :), Are you having fun on your day off?, So glad that I only have to learn like one new syllable to remember #KimJongIl's successor's name., I was watching #IAmLegend on my lunch break. "what are you doing out here Fred?!?!" haha, Budget now on House floor. Conway says $250 million in new revenue needed., Want your news release to be taken seriously by journos? Step One: Lose the exclamation points. Nothing screams marketing fluff like "!", / Bryan Cook debates are fascinating., Time for another #Spooks episode. Now I only wish they had cast someone w/ a decent American accent as Sarah Caulfield!!, I'm so glad that I can love you and I know you'll never leave and a plce where dreams are made is a place I wanna be <3, The Type of personality who is a Natural at transfer of enthusiasm and motivation, Thanks for the follow! Reach out if Attensa can help with Brand, monitoring, CI or current awareness at yoru firm ^Mark, March madness happening now!!! Come down for some specials on food and drinks, But I guess I can live without you, but without you Ill be miserable at best. <3, Ya we daced on table tops and we took to many shots think we kissed but i forgot, why not?, Sweet! Can't wait!!, RT : Wyatt: our catalog records should be *brimming over* with our RA expertise - awards, links to readalike lists., One of those days that makes you think, #ItsHardTo forget someone that gave you so much to remember., has the good stuff!, Will your presentation/materials at #SXSW be available for those who can't make the trip? Thanks!, lmaooooooooo...STOP IT...oan I'm gettin me a petition for folks in albany to send me some jimmies...I miss them so much lol, Living gives you a better understanding of life, Might look at a different marketing plan. I had that ice cream in the early 90s., 4 rvs 18 guys unlimited open bar and our tailgate for Ou/tx starts Wednesday best tailgate in the USA, your not banished is lol, in France ;) haha, we're legally obligated to tell you to refrigerate it. But I can also tell you I had a bottle out on my counter for three weeks., Night made. Thanks :D, Very impressed RT ": Folks, Special prosecutor Angela Corey is no joke. She's not rattled at all by nedia #trayvon martin", Thank you federal tax return for letting me pay off my credit card..Such a good feeling!, he be having plenty gum. his breath must stank, Art & Industry? John Ruskin said: "Life without industry is guilt. Industry without art is brutality" (1870), ah ok , I took it yesterday & passed finally . What branch you tryna join?, DAY SMOKEY EYE LOOK Wear brown instead of black: Charcoal & black eye shadows, when applied heavily, ar more dramatic than taupe & chocolate, No matter what you do tonight, take a few deep breaths and reflect on the past year. The visualize all that you'll accomplish in 2012., I'm very tired -.- it was a LONG practice, Lots of people will be clammoring for that ladies name in the front row at Staples Center if 's is hurt., I can't believe you didn't know that!, you only won because I let you win!, T-minus 2 hours until the weekend! Let the countdown begin, I was the most stubborn about it!!! Haha, Having issues with original phone # cause of large volume of calls on today's Liquid Face Lift workshop at 1:00pm.Please Call 305-640-5602, Live every day like it's your last because one day you'll be right, #checkout time, #thebachelor really pissed me off tonight. Wth Ben?! I literally started to cry., Nothing better then a lazy afternoon in a pool, with sunshine...We count those days here in Wisconsin, The Blind Side., So, is there life after death? Also, how did the chili peppers get those socks to stay on their dongs?, Headed to Rafters, #HateIt When My Phone Falls On My Face >:/, BLUEMAGIC LIVE @ the KELLYSTRAYHORN THEATER IN EAST LIBERTY! TONIGHT @ 8PM.SAY THE CODE *TheaterWithHeart* get $5 dollars off!SEE YOU THERE!, I hope your Bible study went well last night. I'm so enjoying this study! Prayers for you!, does he wear flannel everyday too? :-), following you :), Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down. – Unknown, PM already in control in Mile High #sportsbiz MT : #Broncos place bottle of #Gatorade - orange flavored - on podium. Manning time, I know! I have been walking around occasionally and having a small bit of coffee. The problem is I am fighting sickness too :(, Thanks for bringing me to the twitterverse!, congrats on the new gig! Naughty!, o to the kitchen, opens the refrigerator and grab a yogurt .. Ok not! love you Nicolette x), on top of everything else, my tights keep slouching down, I enjoyed hanging out at Rao's Bakery in Spring for an early dinner., haha gotta love my giant windbreaker, it really makes me look pro, Yeah I start to hate the characters after a while lol. Thus me working on a sec. at the same time (cheating on my script) ha, Chopping it up with my nigga...., Rexy. Lions look legit. Booked your trip to the Superbowl yet?, Ahh I get to hear it now it's been a couple seconds and the song #SaySomethin already sounds great!!!((:, Bad dream. Now I remember why I don't sleep., Look a house party !.. Except with kids, np:) have a great day., How awkward would it be to be actually seated next to the audience cam at the Jay-Z SXSW #LeaveMeAloneAudienceCAM!, thanks, R. kind of you to say so., yea I'm not beautiful, not you your beautiful(: just some of the others, Giving you a standing "O" from my living room! That was absolutely amazing! Woohoo!, Opening set by DJ ES of AZ PartyLife and AZ's #1 DJ J.ALAN rocking the decks THURSDAY at SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale ., Great job! RT : Visit a Park Week--Fun Fact: With 100+ volunteers we built a new playground at Wirth Court Park in just 1 day!, Well, #newt not just lawyers but also any other school will tell you that what you're studying is the most important thing., Or somebody paid a lot., haha only if we cud go pull tht bitch out the water for killn dude first lol, NO GIRLS ALLOWED!!! hmph!, Library GRIND BOLD flavor is Blue Heeler!, My mom likes old time love movies and me my sister brother and dad love action movies. Movie nights are complicated in my house., #RnBThrowBacks : They Don't Know ~ Jon B, It was a nice attempt but this one seemed to be reaching too much., The BaltimoreGP may work out with JP Grant at the helm; if it doesn't they'll cut him off from lucrative city contracts., haha, yeah I can see that., sorry Lil I just had to, #prayingforCaitlin with all my heart. Hope she wil be good soon., Contagion is not a good movie for germaphobes... :/, I'm glad you liked it :) I think it's a great movie too., Hmm. Question of the day. Where to travel to in Europe after a friend's wedding in Germany in July?, Jealousy is just LOVE and HATE at the same time ~Drake, They made the daughter look soo much like her though., - No need to change brother...just keep on doing you...and let everyone else realize what they are missing!, Jumpin in my suit~ with hands in the air, Summer is writing time. I am teaching a short course and hope to make it back to S.A. & Belize., I ¦ my daughter; I ¦ my boyfriend; I ¦ my family..things went great talked everything out cant wait til he gets home..., 13: You're like, super gorgeous! You should tweet me more(:, And I thought I loved you then <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>, Damn It Google, Where Are My Magic Android Lightbulbs?, Be sure to follow fall 2011 artists: ..., Vegas is not my kind of town,---that'd be Chicago. But still had fun last night., 'Aura' is one of the books which has impacted me the most in my life. Gracias Carlos!, Lol...62 unlucky tweeters are gonna be unfollowed. Today could be your day, Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you can only spend it once -Lillian Dickson Always make it count! <333, Ughh snow! Dx Go away and plz dont come back till im dead!!!!, Waiting in a long ass line for the men's room. So this is what women deal with., IF "STICKS & STONES CAN HURT MY BONES, BUT WORDS CAN NEVER HURT ME," IS A TRUTH, WHY ARE THERE SO MANY LAWSUITS AGAINST SLANDER?, okay girly! Hopefully Rose will have some good parties coming up then we can go.! haha. (:, dont take it offensives it's just his opinion :( i love iJever :( if you have a problem with that it's fine... i dont mind., subleasing out my one bedroom in midtown Manhattan. who wants to live in the coolest city in the world?, sorry for your lose homie! #RIPCLIP-D rest in paradise...., hate when people get mad at me hahah, Fortune favors the brave, 1 class on friday! Done at 11. Then work,, I'm at the park with my budds (: I love them ., right here sir..., People on Facebook always over react-_- unlike twitter;D, ‘Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.’ ~Warren Buffett, it needs to be Thursday already!!!!!!!!, I hate to wait.., Good Morning Boo!!:) I Hope You Have An Amazing Day! Love You <3<3, MAD MEN ACID, Squirrels can climb trees, pit bulls cant., “A wealth of knowledge is like a sea of opportunities”, Race Cummings., Lots of librarians at the airport. But, c'mon... Take the badges off., Keep it Classy Never trashy But just a liddo nasty ¦, Last show is tomorrow, In George, Washington today. Who's coming out?, When you coming back to buffalo?they love you out here, There's going to be a 3D revolution with all the kids that grew up with and are comfortable with this technology. -, like the new AP. I bought the rose and brown strap, National Weather Service just upgraded all of #NYC to a Winter Storm Warning... now expecting 6-10in of snow by 2am!, I think planely is a great idea. Find out who your fellow passengers will be before you get on board., CyberBully=SUCH A GREAT MOVIE., Bailey is just so damn fine, i'd tap that, i don't get the points of bully-buttons ....., Back in vegas, U Cant Compare Me 2 U Cuz R Life Aint Da Same......, that's awesome :) I was just talking about that with my sister., won't load. What did people do before ?, . . . .So, Checkitout and enjoy some real good music!!!! #TEAMVIP (Very Improved People) >>LEGGO>>, Get it, Chris!, I used to be able topick out my own clothes, anyone made, or is about to move to LA? if so, please post your stories on how smooth/difficult it was, was it worth it?, Let's face it, the state created the mess it is in and now its a political hot potato to get out. Going after RDAs is short term., A 2 hour tour of a day care. Seriously., #feels loved, I like to watch the dog, the only issue I have is that you can't surf and talk at same time with Verizon on the 3G network. Had iPhone since day one., why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez when she kiss me like.., oh shitttt! Who???!!, This is a great idea, man. It's like a more organized version of my Google Reader feed., i can't tell, So the guy in the car in front of us just stuck a picture of Jesus out the car window while stopped at a red light., I'm watching TV now : ), give it a few months. My brain is still processing the monetary dimensions., Where should I have dinner tonight?, We'll be blacking out tomorrow from 8am-8pm in support of the #SOPAstrike!, The lack of consistent wifi is wearing me down. :-/, curious to hear your thoughts on the #sunstroke app. interested in an ios fever client, but no reviews out there of it, you "love" your boyfriend, yes we get it, you dont have to tweet about him every damn time you tweet something. consider urself unfollowed., #sschat, love it for project based learning. It also works great to have students compare sources and develop the ability to evaluate., Why can't you just make me smile and follow me?, i was at that concert, Young MC was the opener., are you on santa fe tonight?, u got a new number, Work brings me to l'Auberge Resort in Lake Charles. So I bring my wife and have a nice evening planned., that's where i need to be, gotta do that more often! Love you!, So go to your twitter? And reply? Actually showed up in, Harrison jokes this doctrine is something you could never explain to someone who hasn't been to law school. Or to most people who have., here is a shout out from Cody in Phoenix AZ, I want to marry a girl named Abracadabra! Any takers?, I hate that -.-, I have a planet P on my face., It all falls down., i bet you can handle yourself pretty well on a softball field, you should come play with us!, They ain't complete but I'm getting em there. That's all thats missing., So, the next level just means "upstairs"! Best of luck, keep in touch., seems the NFL owners are"Greedy Bastards" who wont play fair at negotiating or being transparent about "ALL" Revenues..., Congratulations to SAG and AFTRA professionals on the marriage of the Guild and the Federation., Careful where you stand., Hope you're enjoying your trip to the, Damn, I really need to see my Daddy. I haven't hung out w/him in 2 weeks. I feel bad for that., awesome...thanks! glad you like 'Carrie's Feet!', #earcandy Some Nights by Fun., Least favorite interview question: do you have a boyfriend. Most favorite intvw question: tell us about your family., Watching the editing, mixing and mastering process is an invaluable lesson - don't skip out on it. Just sit and observe and learn!, Oh man... so sorry! and I have been with your guys for 2 years! I will think of something else. Thanks for the reply!, On the video channel: tail end of "Roxanne" followed by "One Thing Leads to Another." Greatness. Suddenly I have acne and hair gel again., listening to the whole dead throne album, can never get tired of it. :), I think the way the Niners defense has been playing, getting the touchdown was better., Whats good bro! Been hearing some great things happening n the Chi RT : hey man!!, I realize this is an airport and so the only thing they can legally put on the TVs is sports and news [+], "Participatory Museum" is all about people people saying the museum shld be about people-Andrew Pekarik, On tonight's episode of "How I Met Your Mother," Lily is going to give birth., #DogTheBountyHunter I love my Leland!!!<3, Ron artest gone get beat the fuck up when he get in Oklahoma, Kudos to for using star power to talk about how messed up this society is when it comes to being superficial & obsessed w looks!, Go Suunto! “: thanks for the rapid turnaround on my request. Didn't expect it this fast nor did I expect a new t6d!”, That is not what Fea is writing necessarily, rather it is how historical actors felt about God and nationalism, It's going to be an amazing time! I'd love to meet you there., The #women's #farmers' federation pays trucks to pick up produce at 4 village collection centers and take it to a local for sale, hm maybe i will try again and see if i die then..., Sarcasm noted., I preordered the first day also but I haven't received my email yet =(, Also, comparing mean SES isn't relevant-- compare total N served, & among those w same admissions standards, “: season finale of big bang.... womp womp wommmmmmp :(” I thought it was next Thursday ??, Entertaining or not for Memorial Day but placed some wine orders online to Napa & Sonoma just in case., Hustlers mentality, RT ": excites about some studio time. All that talent in one room is gonna be nuttz." Yeah buddy!, Hope you and your dad had a great lunch! :), - thanks on sharing. hope we'll see you both there!, Everytime I look at your new avi my head leans to the right. Kidding. I dig the new photo., I will not come at you bro!, yeah its raw as fuck, Follow Back man, Graduation is in exactly four weeks!, Happy birthday to my awesome Hulk boyfriend, ! :), sounds good :-) let me know how it is.. I like indian food., On my way back from a weekend break on Whidbey Island. Start with a new client tomorrow -I'm a happy guy!, It's ok man I won 500 dollars this weekend in a cod tourney, Up early this morning. About to get my run in and workout on, then hit the books!, oh, im sorry. /: I didnt mean to offend you. :(, you don't want to see dkr?, Why is it so hard for people to recognize the damaging results of their own dumb actions? How complex is 2 + 2 = 4?, my little guy will be 8 in a few weeks, The #DFL sucks. #Minnesota needs the #Vikings. Remember how long it took Pro #hockey to return? It cost a new #stadium anyway!, Yeah , maybe if you say it enough times you'll make yourself believe it lol, #FavoriteSong "Don't leave her (If you can't let her go)" by Chris Young <3, If i catch you skypin we gonna be figjtin Got this blade off in my purse and your face I will be slicing, John help me make this trend about people who kill themselves when many fight SUPERHARD to stay alive ., <U+266C> Want to see Martina McBride, She's performing tomorrow Jul 30, 2011 Solomons, MD, Calvert Marine Museum, don't miss her <U+266C>, God I bless Your Name for another opportunity, I love the Jonas Brothers<3, Forgot to add #maythe4thbewithyou's.., Good morning tweets! Great time at Harah's last night. Hope you all have a great week-end!, i couldn't disagree more! I can see something a long alanis morissette mixed w thos frecreditreport.com guys, Fred! RT : blubber soul, Deng needs at least 26 tonight for the Bulls to win, Nix is a big boy, Churro sale soon!, i like those stances, Was taught not to tell jokes with my mouth full“: make sure he tells lots of jokes”, Well thank you, I guess it's not morning until I go to sleep haha... sleeping problems!, What if I told you I'm not saying its aliens, but ALIENS, I just wore that one!haha but okay I just don't want to be the only one in a different color again, Lol that's fine!, New Midas coming soon.... "Lay the Towel Down", Can you send me please a swatch of this "Tutu" color. I'm a lit professor and need some pzazz on my walls, too., Goin to see we the kings today!! :D, Creating a custom blog template will NOT defeat me! Anyone care to share some good resources? Using, HCR support incrsingly reactionary-each new criticism only makes it all the more laudable. expect soon to see claims it will reunite beatles, Gonna bump a fatty with, what about Richmond hill we have no go train on the weekend, Good day evrybodii, im tired and its winter and my voice sounds weird when im tired, I have a bad habit of pushing people away.., I hate having a cold :(, One unexpected thing I learned at this SAA: trains don't have cabooses anymore, because they were replaced by automated devices., RT: How'd you like to learn the secrets to creating a multiple award winning one woman show? Join R live stream April 4th @ 8 P.M. EST, o yea border line genius work over here haha, What a bad stretch of Monday night football games, I first worked in fast food & learned the little things are important, the value of team work & the need for great service, Thanks for the follow<3, Steady stream of voters @ Turkey Thicket., I made a list of all the things everyone said on ALATT and put it under the line 'What Librarians Do' but ... no guns and fire!, New Hampshire and Vermont: New England's Yin and Yang. I prefer Yang. Or whichever one Vermont is., Thanks for sending your funny shorts in for the January screening at in Palm Springs. We'll announce a line up, soon!, Melancholy wells up my niny., Pretty sure no one in Sacramento cares about the Tour of California bike race since they totally negated us this year., What do you want Chloe?(; Just kidding., Time to party hard....Happy Birthday!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>, Check CBS 19 news tonight at 5 for coverage of the re-opening of cVillain!, RIP Adam "MCA" Yauch. Wow. So sad., Lately, I've found myself watching alot of basketball ..........., You must be at the last 10 mins of #wojm (I listened to it bout 10 minutes ago.), Who will you see at #SportsExposDen ? and more!, Start your weekend early!!! Come relax on our patio or head to the bar for Ladies' Night!!! HALF OFF ALL DRINKS!!!!!!!, It's from Blackmill's 20 minute mix., Let me just shut off my phone... Peace<U+270C>, I bet you havent ever been arrested & then they told you, it's too full so we're going to let you walk, "It took 5 pics to see all of her.", My 3 yr old just told me "you're the best girl ever." Now if he'll just believe that forever., LOL Good luck with the shoot. Then take a nap. *bitch slaps the morning for you*, Maybe ALA should come to you! :), someone's excited for my hair! Lol, Home from the gym ! Now watching fight tapes and hittin the shins, I'm running the Race for Hope 5k this Sunday in DC (running being a subjective term in my case). Is anyone else?, RT Mousavi Facebook: CRUCIAL Demonstration on Saturday 16:00 Tehran and around the world, please pass on, welcome to the club!, I feel like an #angel ~, It's a tough Veteran's with the recent Ft. Hood attack. Let this be a reminder of what is at stake. "Semper Fi" to all the vets. Thanks-doug, Thanks Paul!!, Ha ha yes!, what did you focus on during your workout? What is sore?, RT : Renaissance #Aruba is offering 25% off of all indoor #spa treatments through July 3 to their, I'm so excited! Great job!, screw the rules, i have money, Great #quote about #risk I just read - "Never forget about the 6' tall man who drowned crossing the stream that was 5' deep, on average.", It's easier to be in awe of where we've been & where we can go next when we're just back from Italy. Hope it was wonderful!, LOL baking babies Im sure thats illegal LOL; honestly when we married than Ill expect a male heir exactly 9months later, Our ribs today were marinated with pineapple juice, jalapenos and cilantro. Come get your Carribean Jerk Ribs ready now., is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. ¦ 10, Hey, Annie! Is the interview up yet?, wonderful to hear that! Yes, lots of photographers have shot here!, saw your doppelganger at the grocery today. Gonna need a clean-up in aisle 3, Late to class because of a police roadblock between the metro station and campus. Wonderful., A tweet you will never see from me: "Headed to the bathroom real quick.", Let's hope we're good for another 100 years., It's almost time for #CMLbookchat. Let's give thanks for books, reading and libraries., Hahaha on shuffle, the song that was playing when Scott Scanlon learned to dance right before he shot himself just came on Spotify!, I'll let you know after I have my first poster session tomorrow.... ugh., Killin' it in the lab right now., ¦ Thanks for following! :], I went to see footloose with my parents. we should still go see it because i loved it lol. :), Woke up this morning on da grind, I'm sure he appreciates it Kay! See you on the tweet out tomorrow :), DID HIS THING TONIGHT, Well shoot, sorry I missed the opportunity ~ perhaps another day to flyer for and connect for ?, saaamme with mme! People say stuff about me all the time because I weigh 90 pounds, & I'm flat chested. Smh can't help it, hahah that was my lifeline in high school. No joke. It worked amazingly! Been thinking about doing it again now w/ summer here!, My hair-cut lady didn't like my logic today: "My Dad hasn't used conditioner in over 50 years & he's the only one of his friends not bald.", Either you run the day or the day runs you. - Jim Rohn, F*** with me ONE MORE TIME. Hahaha, the overlap is where the fun is :), so what you're really saying is that you need another iPad2 ... :D, Family is everything!!, A few hours away from our inaugural No Shame Theatre Chicago show at Luna Central (3914 N Clark St). Doors 10pm, Show 10:30. Be there!!, just got home not to long ago...., Blended low res program for special forces in different parts of military/civilian array, Good morning!!! Thanks God for a new day!! Enjoy it people<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, Oh man I am feeling so tired almost 7:30am, the things I do for you kpop!, you are so forgiving Caroline! Was it hard for you to forgive and forget about the cookbook?, Hair loss treatment optionsAfter you have determined the reason behind your hair loss, you can work on a solution, iMA #JUSTIN KINDA GIRL, they LOVED it. especially Robert's costume. In fact, they were trying to guess what he would be dressed up as. Great show!, the adult one is Accdiental Diva (haven't read it yet). Then she wrote It Chicks and Sixteen Candles, for YA, Crabby Pants day 2 huh?, And still designing :), Thanks for the invite. Unfortunately I'll be in FL until July. Hope to see you for the 4th!, you must be with chris lol., It's Tiki-Tuesday at "The Mad"...Come explore all things RUM!!!, Of course! My apologies RT : CHEESE!! For the love of the Royal Monarchy, you need CHEESE, ": QOTD: Use your intuition even if no one agrees. Make decisions your able to live with.", im pretty sure we just received the most annoying telemarketing phone call ever. he was practically screaming @ me. bad marketing & branding, Congrats to you & our Houston Cougar football team on the HUGE win today over Tulsa!! We're proud of you guys!!, follow me on instagram: jacklyynn :P, well said! rt I think it's ratings gold. Ben is awesome. Not much time to get over Ashley though., night dork :p, I think I am most inspired by those pictures of people with quotes next to their faces as they appears, momentarily, on my Facebook feed., I'm afraid I'm a season behind...I've been watching on Netflix! haha so don't spoil it for me! :D, i use a corner of my liv rm as an office. In process of rearranging to fit small studio there. *fingers crossed!*, I know I heard, Weak RT : Not only do most NFL cheerleaders make less than $125/game. Some teams (Bills) make them buy their uniform ($450), Dont forget the Rampage lol RT : This hockey game is more exciting than the #Lakers game GO #Capitals!, oh heck no, HSS couldn't be summed up in one conversation, Falcons on that ass !!!, Marching to lasalle and Jackson to wish the greedy corporate machine a happy commute, Which is worst on tv tonight? "Slavery by another name" or speculations on WH's passing?, Oh, now I want to re-read this -- and Forever, too! RT Tiger Eyes movie just being shown to theatrical distributors., That's sweet of you. I have an outfit on order for Cami, but it's not here yet. :), A Lonely liver suspended in liquid. ~ Bleeder, Alkaline Trio, That kid has skills. Going to be a pleasure watching him grow into superstar., Why does taste so amazing? I could drink the beverage all day long., seems like the Aussies r pursuing real price discovery rather than just fiddling while DC burns., I call bullshit on your pure existence., VALENTINES DAY WEEKEND! Come get a Sweethearts Dance! Porn stars in the house...come get X DVDs signed!, I tried my hardest to keep my hair from being impossible... oh well, I dig it. I will bring that to Chicago., wish ppl supporting ID laws were as concerned about weak link in balloting system: flawed integrity of electronic voting machines, Steve is even more of a no brainer, Visiting my step daughter aw she so cute I love her!, i wanted it to be Drunknvulgar_Osfan but that was to long, God bless you Today is also the anniversary of my grandfather's passing. May (y)our day be, Fire, Football, RedBox!, can't make it to Mt P tonight in time for trucks. Hope you'll do it again!!!, it sure is! Soak up that sun! : ), Spam is a huge hassle these days. I wouldn't want to run a mail delivery system., you and me both!! actually I'm out right now! this day is DONE!, Math Final? PSHHHHHH you got this! lol, RT : " only took a week " dats too long Fool... Lol<<lmao you wild pimp, Yes ma'am! And there's lots of brainpower behind us!, I'm wondering if I should post these student comments in their entirety. Who is it that does that pretty regularly?, I wish I knew how to even find my birth father. I raise my hands to praise my deceased adoptive father every day though!!, Masquerade Ball 2 | Noche de Pecados 2| BiGGie's Birthday Bash! Hope everyone is ready for tonight, because I am, See u there!, Wouldn't he be a #ThugInRedLeatherPants ? RT : I just hope it's not ;), Happy birthday from all of us at Simon Jones!, What will fix the economy: belief that the economy is getting better and will continue to do so., You look like the type of kid who likes to receive dick pics., DUDE! YOU MESSED UP MY NAIL POLISH!!!<U+E059><U+E00D>, i was informed of this so me confused, Running around Austin looking for last minute gifts:? Make-up, skincare, adorable aprons, and of course gift cards here!, WHAT GOES AROUND...COMES AROUND, you can reach me at kelly.meeker (at) opensesame (dot) com - happy to help!, Okay Creepers, I'm not in the mood for you today. You've been warned., bet your bottom dollar I do “: give my best to I know she still likes me.”, That way I got to watch all of their apperances on that day and listen to that cd nonstop. It was my mom's b-day too so, don't nothin in #blue wanna kick it wit you, The new album is iller yo.... keep it going man. I'm Yasiin Bey (Mos Def) feeling it., Two lost possessions. This is killing me. Reset the offense don't throw the ball away!, When ur penis and your heart lead you to the same place you kno you've found love! Lmao, One department the gov likes to cut, is the military. Our very defense and protection, Tell us what you think will happen tonight in Game 2., got my ticket for bingo players(:, People reading more not less. Reading differently due 2 shorter attn spans, & quickly scanning 4 qual. content, good luck sugah!!!!, Williams Island includes 16 tennis courts, 3 restaurants and a 27,000 square foot spa!, Thanks :) RT : Thank you - My vehicles will never be serviced anywhere else!, “: is currently a home run away from the cycle tonight” GO ERIC!, Still in class? Awake?, don't hold me up now , I can stand my own ground., AMAZING of course!!!! =), That WAS interference!, Where did I go wrong. I lost a friend. Somewhere along in the bitterness end, but I stayed up with you all night., illuminati meeting. Topic of discussion: World Domination, it's definently one of top ten worst feelings ever haha., The new episodes of iCarly,iNickelodeonShow and Victorious are starting.Hope you like it!, We may no longer speak, but I have to say, had I not met you, I may have not found one of my callings. Thanks 4 that., I pay bills, therefore I exist, don't forget the lettuce bits. gross., and at Allen Fieldhouse... Cool..., Nothing like going shopping and only spending $14 on $36 worth of everyday stuff with, whatchya up to, Today was god <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>, Anyone have an extra ticket for the #raw supershow tonight? :), im the worlds worst speller, Happy birthday!, Congrats! That's great!, lol lookin like Cosby at all star Saturday, u borrow that sweater from Nike Tyson?, Baby J & right now at Palo Alto College -1400 W Villaret at the Ozuna Building! Get your taxes done for FREE with VITA!, “: Missouri would be the first team to win 30 games from a power conference and not receive a 1 seed!”, Well, no one from NM won the jackpot but some lucky New Mexican will win a 42" TV from ! Buy Local & Play Local :), lol u did not take yo time wit these pics, just coming to bear witness, well, I already let them watch Alien..., Thanks for sharing., I'm such a sucker; re-reading that post & thinking how awesome it is & there should be an entire blog in that style., sounds like fun!, Yeah...this whole being away from for six weeks is not gunna work out for me. I'm already going through withdrawal, wake up call.....This Shit Just Got Real, Happy Birthday Heath (RIP), Enjoyed the Valor Awards today. Amazing stories of first responders! Look for a photo gallery on the website., hey where do we get one of those jack off suits? LOL that made my day, twitters kinda cool..gonna use it to promote more.. got like 226 followers in 2 days..not too bad., RT : #MittRomney's tax situation is called being a businessman. An athlete outplaying his contract & wants a new deal is..., Oh fuck I forgot i have a vocab test today. Welp can't do anything about it now. Sorry garvey, I've been done with your class since january, Am I the only one tired of hearing about the iPhone issues? It's got a 30 day return policy, if you don't like it, get something else., Friday nights outside the city., Wait! Did you hear that? My bed, NKOTB blankie and tylonol are calling my name! Gotta run! They get mad if I don't come right away!, let me ask some fellas you ever had a girl that was so right and when it went all dark she showed to the light and if they ask if she bad u, Good luck racing today :), Do midgets drive lowriders?, thanks for the luv :), Idaho attorney, David Nevin representing 911 conspirators at Gitmo & has the gall to whine that they`d been tortured., Is #studyabroad your dream but you don't know how to afford it? Check out - scholarships for US undergrads, "Catch the Fever"... Support IR and the Fever Aug 13. Portion of ticket sames benefit Indy Reads! Tipoff at 7 p.m. See you there!, The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender., Happy Holidaze: Happy Hangover day is any day following a night of drunken debauchery. ~ Lisa Morgan, hi mariah don't think abot the hatez l think gomez has had more just don't let them bring u down, Discussion is over., Pay day tomorrow! A good time to try out Vitality! With a 30 day 100% $ back guarantee you can't go wrong! Let me know if you're ready!, so i cant find my directions to my project., I only figured it out from your pic, Why does the legislature suck more as the weather gets nicer?, Done! I'll try to work some of ur info into our social media posts to help support your efforts. Thx for your great work!, “: We only play for titles. RT : how come you guys don't hang the division banners?” Gangster!, People who know electronics (like or ): is a "pull up" a type of resistor, or just a way of using one?, It's just that a real sub would never address a domme that way. I certainly wouldn't., yeah he got hacked!! Got one 5 min ago but he's right here, driving. Lol, Lol. My phone would crack all the way ., thank you so much !! where you guys at ???, Turns out, the circumference of my head is the exact length of 's arm., We're slammed tonight, Reflection: filmmaking process an interesting phenomenon...u create a story, hopefully raise $, hire actors & crew and hope they all deliver, Alpenrose dairy cancels huge Easter egg hunt for first time in 50 years. Blame wet weather and saturated parking fields., You should come to Milwaukee, once you get past the snow and fat, drunk Packer fans, it's really a nice city., #iWillNeverTrust anyone but myself, RT : Roti Hiring Event. Tue, May 8th. 2pm–4pm @ 10 S. Riverside Plaza Chicago, IL. Hiring Team Members and Shift Managers., the boys are busy though and they get on when they can & if when they do you're not there its nothing personal I'm sure, Crazy night....esgar where u at?? Lol, I also think there would be a lot of choices, but I haven't found one yet., My area code spells out VIP. TSM., Howard greed is good was not supposed to be the takeaway from Wall Street, How could I not? When I think of unicorns..., #Perm. C/C++ Developer in #NYC. Client is looking for just 2 - 4 years exp. Great place to put your career on fast track. #C #C++, because my parents want to be away from the "city" and out in the country area., thanks to all of our new followers - we hope you spread the word about our new site. we're growing daily! www.bartenderme.com, 52 jurisdictions enforce antitrust laws in the U.S. That is each state plus FTC and DOJ. That makes for a lot of unpredictability, Ha ha...G-M! it's like a whole different world out here! RT : good on ya! Have fun with the early risers..., i put the original pic of the 'gaaaayyyy' one in my older sisters backpack and she handed it to her teacher xD, #TGIF! What are your plans this #STPATTYSDAY weekend?!, Discovered cold fusion; eradicated ColdFusion., #414 JACK IT DOWN, Nora (PHRSPHR) is SO RIGHT. Go over the categories and subcategories. File them in like they are a book outline. Look at the weights,, can i get a follow please, and how happy are u ot have Crawford as a teammate?, Cuddling with my babygirl watching baby looney tunes..., GOD is strategic! This type of technology allows us all to gleen from your wisdom BEYOND MUSIC, but BECAUSE OF MUSIC!, Smh, I wanna laugh, but that ain't cool., too small or too big? if it's too big maybe you could get dr. scholl's inserts or something? good luck!!, who do you think will win the PAC 12?, Fake cramps..., likewise! you are a born leader and God is working!!!, There is never enough time to do everything grrr, Gas Cans: #IHaveAnIdea ! Why don't they have a light red one so you can see the level of gas thru the plastic when filling up the can? 51112, YAYAYAAYAYYAAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY JUSTIN WON :D, hehehe. Yeah keep thinking that Insanebro~u didn't stand a fleeting chance ;D muahahahahahahahahahahahahahah I sunk ur ship!!!!!, Morning all. Have to work today but still spending this am at church with mum! Later all. :), OMG LOOK AT MY PRETTY NEW NAIL COLOR!, just sent in my pics! :), Sad to announce that West Coast Tacos will not be joining us tomorrow night; many well wishes to the swift repair of their truck!, Good move by picking up - w/ Ralph Dunning to stay on as creative director. Good stuff guys., Why we love #EV s. RT : When I had a Mitsubishi iMiEV in 2009, a years electricity cost me L85. Or 11 tanks of petrol..., I'm really excited to see the ballerinas <3, Wow, I don't think I ever noticed before how inane Billy Corgan's lyrics are., Finally in, Can I just say, I love Awesome wings, great craft beer, and easy on the wallet., Why do people at school need to know about one direction at school., awe! Dang I wish I was a part of it!:), If you have happy thoughts, then you make happy molecules. :), They call me racist cuz i support black Americans first, Doubt the conventional wisdom unless you can verify it with reason and experiment. - Steve Albini, N da car bagn the purple tape s/o to, Of course the high is only 74 the day I'm laying out, & I are working on our side project dream, to support #struggling #children & #families thru #education & more!, Watch my brilliant colleague talk about the need for a smart U.S. #energy policy on here: bit.ly/v499jc, it has everything, even a bag of gum., Match.com again. This should be interesting!, Best advice, in general, be specific about what you want for your sound. We can't read minds but we listen well + do what you ask, I miss you to Jaida Pinkett ! I hope yours is going well , see you soon !!, "Always misspell some word in your tweets. It gives #libiots a retort #teaparty #tcot #tlot #GOP #dnc" : b : ), good morning DC WordCampers! Registration and breakfast is at 8:30 in the Research 1 building at GMU. Park in the sandy creek parking deck, your welcome ^_^ RT : Thank YOU for RE=tweeting :), we had to move the release date back two weeks.., Here's to a great year !, Mieville mentions his admiration for Easter European modernists, including Bruno Schulz, great performance as the watermelon man on cant hardly wait, I live my life by one motto and one motto only, I like to be known by more than just my ACT score, “: I don't fuck with hard drugs, like na man I'm already pretty doomed for life I don't need dat sheeeeiit.”, Sounds like Bing hired one of the co-founders of Cuil, which was a "cool," but poorly marketed, concept of former Googlites ., Oct 28 #1970 : US and USSR agree to discuss joint space efforts. Oct 28 2011 : 2nd night of AR Gurney's #CHILDREN!, 2 much sheeeeettttt on my mind I'll be up all night. But it's nacho business. Night tweeps., Safe travels Sean! That's going to be one heck of an adventure!, Come out to support BASE Camp 's Dockside in Apopka for spirit night!, Omg I hate accepting the fact that Im ugly omg, Be proud: As an immigrant, you have more in common with the Pilgrims than your American born neighbors., has EXACTLY 666 tweets at the moment! +10,000 points for that!, Watching Remember the Titans ... Wasn't going to but I can never change the channel on this movie, your boxing jokes suck., I am trying to think more about emotions these days, you know, those things that only women are allowed to have, Yeah, its worth listening to. There are some really good songs and then some not so good ones, Why have i been so emotional lately...., Making my Ian Kinsler t-shirt look business casual.... #openingdayproblems #GoRangers!!!, "Be helpful" simple and practical advise to follow everyday, You replace it with socialism, and then communism. It's a process, a progress and won't happen overnight., Maryland Film Festival, Flowermart, and Kinetic Sculpture Race all in one weekend? !!? #Baltimore might just explode with fun!, Hm don't recall this, I was thinking elsewhere for the legion of doom; much more brutalist architecture, Haha, yeah saw that yesterday. Kind of jealous of that kid., RT : Generally what is more important than getting watertight answers is learning to ask the right questions.~Madeleine L'Engle, The rangers are the ish, I'm going to try to send you a video of him singing it. He is amazing., Rewatched GG online; way to go B. That's how you become Queen. Not by wearing a plastic tiara., Good morning!! Im up early today cuz I gotta rehearsal with my kidz dancers, you do realize we all know, its on the board., Off to Colorado to see the children., stick it to tha man bby!, True. But sadly for Spike, it's still by far their highest rated show, so they have time. Think it would have to train wreck., I have seen the Divine., Ha, love it., At the rodeo to see zz top, best comedy show line up ever this Sunday come c Buckwild, Smokey, Charles Walden, Denny Live, Malcolm Hill, & Darkchild on stage@ Starlight, This evening, 6-7 pm, my Pilates class at Chatham Village's Clubhouse, in Mt. Washington!, meet me by restrooms, this is true. I may still be a little drunk, I want it to be official so bad..., 'don't throw up on me.', whoa. nice setup!, Correction makes a mean lime drop., just as you predicted., RT : Social media & government discussion @ #smbmsp45. Back @ the fab Coffee + bagels + the smell of bacon. Morning!, your twitter game sucks, Day TWO of Joe's ride to raise funds from Creative Arts Camp! Thanks, Joe!, It is quite warm in Dinkytown today! We are looking forward to a cooler evening with, I literally lol'd at that. Nothing wrong with a little confidence tho! Maybe borderline conceited but meh could be worse, I'm glad!, New brilliant idea!!! Starting new trend for birthday party tomorrow -- follow the cray-crayness at, In that case, it's starting NOW. Y'all have blissful weekends, too., yay!! I'm excited!!, Del Friscos in Louisville for dinner then who knows-BH, follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :), the next person that says "if" and not "when" the zombie apocalypse happen is going to get cut, yes 50 we will the series, #JPMORGAN where did the 2billion go we know its not in #Madoff's pockets #losses is code for embezzlement, yes man he wont let me go home! Lol, is home for a WHOLE month!!!! SO excited to spend time wif my sissy!!!! =D, Yo Easter is this Sunday tho?, All adverse and depressing influences can be overcome, not by fighting, by rising above them. -Charles Caleb Colton, Sun Tzu says..., dont miss another 500 lot auction tonight~we'd love to have you experience the thrill of our state famous auction!, Well-behaved women never make history. - Maria Shriver, That awkward moment when when your telling your friend something so hilarious and they say: You already told me! and your like "........Oh", thank you~, bout to go for a walk though, wide awake for no reason. rolling up when i get back, it's only right., pls send me twitter link for #pubcrawl this Sunday. Thx!, We'll be launching a campaign soon with new stuff. I suggest you wait for that. It's a better deal. We'll find a way to ship :), I don't recommend using a pen to reach an itch in the middle of your back., So , don't let Selectmen go into Exec Session just to hide from unpopular debate. Town counsel is pushing for public debate, is the BEST DANCER EVER!!!, I need more music. MOAR MUSIC IS NEEDED, For post-grad exp., I'm a huge fan of nonprofits. Volunteering okay per FLSA & experience comes with helping others., and he's probably the worst QB on that list. Well except Alex Smith, not sure why you even have him on there., Curious, but what does it mean? I've walked by that store/brand many a times and never gave it thought :), we come to PGH for a show at 7p in Cannon Coffee in Brookline on August 20th!, We could have such a damned good time together., very good Ms. Gaynor, If your heart is the strongest muscle in your body, why does it tend to break so easily?, LOL welcome to the club, we all are (;, Hey & other movie music folks: Was ANY new music written for Batman & Robin? It all sounds like tracks repurposed from Forever., Comment from David Eng (University of Pennsylvania, English), I Got A Cool DJ Name lol, RT: If u know God is ur partner-When worry or anxiety tries to intrude remember-If God is for me, who can be against me?, My suggested #DNC ad: "Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden. Mitt Romney almost killed his dog.", Thanks for being on our show!!!!!!! You certainly make it look better! :), Beautiful night to kick it on your stoop with Schlafly's Summer Lager. Just saying., follow me love(:, This is my alter-ego. He's always angry., Because you're a woman. Oh snap!!, I hear people use this but what does it mean? "Now that person is a honest actor.", ": bc it's soapy. #duh" please hashtag random #words more..."but my lips are chapped real bad", how long ago was it you visited ?, Redneck Woman coming on the radio is the only thing that can distract me from this terrible terrible headache, I never thought you were gay or a girl. Those who think that are usually heteronormative and binary-adhering., “Beauty and grace are performed whether or not we will or sense them. The least we can do is try to be there.” ~Annie Dillard, Steve jobs passed away today... He has personally changed all of our lives..., Fantasy factory (;, RT : The M, C. and A trains won't be running, due to the world being really unfair, sometimes., Just saw handful of Stand with Walker supporters by Brkfld Sq. Isn't that like looking 4 converts to Catholicism outside a Catholic church??, they say online on many sites sony flagship player to come out around april may june the latest is it?, Gosh, all I really needed was coffee to be creative. New Song in the works., mellowing out with Dennis in front of the tv....exciting aren't i??? :P What youse doing?, I support u. Stay strong, humble, and continue to learn from the past to become better., lol well thank you :), how exciting! :D, I took a new pic today...not sure how many of my friends are photographers; I would like to take some new pics now that I am in better shape, I Need to leave this building as well lmao, Something Don't feel right...., Yes!! : FYI: Creatives w/ no interest in running the business need to add a business partner when pitching investors., there's this condom case that looks pretty legit, Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ... - Louis Hector Berlioz, Do you need to set up your record label? Contact MEA, even if you've heard see jane rock ona recording or video you need to HEAR THEM LIVE!! come out to their next show!, Nothing excites me less than Alex Smith., Drug dogs on 4/20. If you bring pot to school today you're an idiot, I think i lost my marbles, at least it's not my coffee i lost "OMG what would i do w/out my morning fix???, Holy mother of all things PINK! I just won $40 giftcard in one of my fav blogger 's giveaway!, Rep Local, Think Global, #sschat #edtech #educoach ?-1:1 means a laptop for each student, right? Used this phrase with a fellow educator & got a weird look?, STRIKE THREE CALLED! HAGADONE!, The are 1-0-1 in spring training now. Go Crew!, Only 58 followers /: Come one people. Help me out here ! Share me and I'll share you back:), Thanks already having a great weekend I have my 2 year old grandson! So much fun!, Listening to my newest track... L.O.V.E... it is da shyt, When I get to therapy early I swing by the AM/PM and drink in my car. And then I have something to work on when I get in there., Who am I? (Sometimes we want to be something we are not ), I don't deserve to be treated like this., should visit the garage!, When do you arrive & depart? Tues & Wed best days for me...mid mornings or lunch., Rest. Rejuvenation. Yay. G'night!, Need to move ass and submit- cold weather makes me lazy., Kickin' it At the Casa Bored A/F, Enable Twitter with your location and use #injured #lost #hungry tags. @ me and you'll be in the feed for help, Oh late-night infomercials, how you try to suck me in with those "call now!" deals..., I do not see your tweets often, but when I do I think they are the best and funiest on twitter and you make me smile., Not to be braggy, but my shadow is lookin so good today. Supa-model., I just want to make a new one :))) I'll delete my account tonight :), So full of quiche, hashbrowns and a potato pancake...thanks !, jus ate a fatt ass bowl of frosted flakes #DAYUMM!!, In a room with the top CLOs in the country listening to a proposal for std learning KPIs and analytics defs. Is this a good idea?, Ever notice Mother's Day Cards are WAY more expensive than other holiday cards and Father's Day Cards are buy one get one free?, Goodnightt! Bed time :), Great idea I will have to do that., thanks for following :D, I feel like one day you'll understand me, dawg. You can still love yo mans and be manly, dawg., Another new year / is fast on the horizon / its promise within, Sometimes I feel bad for thugs when I realize they can't enjoy a cup of hot cocoa with a bunch of marshmallows without risking street cred., Just received email from with DNA offer. I went ahead and ordered the kit. Hope to link with family via DNA, Mos Wanted Crew killed it!!, I'm gonna make it anyway., Her breath smell like dentin cat shit! my Nana is a mess!, I<U+FFFD>m creative-You can<U+FFFD>t expect me to be neat too., cuz I got swag!!! Soggy watermelons and grapes!! C:, S/O to because I love her like a sister and she's my geometry buddy <3, very true., That fake laugh you do when an old person cracks a lame joke., This nigga just walked in church's with gold hair an he black as tar, RT tweakerrsamm: i wonder what life would be like without . ohmygeesshh, horridd and no humorr :|, I hate stuck up bitches, Ah! A SNAKE crawled into my car engine! We've tried opening the hood, spraying the car with water and moving the car. He won't come out!, Does anyone want to follow me cuz today is my birthday!!!, In kindergarden, anyone who had the 64 color pack with the sharpener ran that muthafuckin classroom!, I got my dress :), Thanks for the comment. The podcast is a way to keep productive and feeling positive during the 'between' times. God bless., Hitting 4 homers in a game has TOTALLY changed the appropriateness of giving Josh Hamilton a contract extension., Those jars. You were right. I'm obsessed. Looks wonderful you little, no outlets, To get to the top actually you must first get to the top mentally., I wonder where I would be in life now if I took those chances..., OChem would be so much easier if you could just use notes., El Meson for the second night in a row., Too early for this Slim lol, heey girl can u follow me ? i'm of U.S.A !(:, RT It's not gay if it's for a Klondike Bar., has a hot body. Follow him. Lol, info dot com for music sharing or for more info -- thanks for interest, I was so upset! i wasn't even using it! ughh but at least i got it back!, Listening to Luke James - I Want YOu, Plus NBCSports channel is perfect for Catholic League non-football sports. ND luvs lax-type sports found in ACC., Don't miss today's Chicken Pot Pie AND Curried Cauliflower with Pannier Cheese. (V) Both are awesome..have one for lunch and take one home!, damn wish I could have been there, live it up for me tonight bro, One week left of class then a nice break to finish a few paintings., thanks guys!, RT : my penis is always like "have sex with him" & i'm like "no penis. go back to sleep. i just want to cuddle him" . . . my..., that is the most amazing thing I've seen omg I'm so jelly!!!! Ah, There is no greater feeling in the world than progress and getting goals accomplished., Wait, let's think about this. "roll roll ya sniff twist it at the end" could go viral as a catch phrase., Bingo. Cupid didn't build the bullpen., If you don't find hispanic boys attractive then GTFO my page haha., No it isn't. Take a look at the historic democratic party and you have the answer., no tix needed, but signing up helps!, Good Morning Tweets waking up very early this Monday morning..., And go! $2 craft beer night! ($3 all 53 taps on the list.), I don't get it. The Knicks get rid of their coach and then beat the Blazers by 42 pts. Weird., I Heard It Was "Gay" To Turn Down Pussy ? :\ Umm Last Time I CHECKED I Aint Feindin' Over NO Chick, I Get It Enough To Deny It, Do You ?, Apparently the Final Four floor is sponsored by Pat O'briens, Sal from impractical Jokers is definately gay, Meditation/Reflection: Race and diversity dialogues have been difficult but necessary. Grateful for all my good teachers in past 2 yrs. ICU., Well Drew gordon is out. Time to go home and paint. :/, I LOVE YOU BUT I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU., Sandra said she had a blanket I could sleep under. I wake up to find that it's actually a snuggie. Foiled again!, I agreed RT Q6 I think more ppl will start caring when it's finally implemented. For now, though, talk is just talk., #HappyMothersDay to all of you amazing fabulous Moms! One of the toughest yet most rewarding jobs ever! Cheers to you!, People fear what they dont know.., Sex can fix EVERYTHING !, Figuring out your done before you actually do. Weird <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>, The Bakehouse is clearly the place to be!! For seeing AND being seen!! Panopticon indeed!, Before you call someone a fake friend, make sure they're your friend., "Be willing to be uncomfortable. Be comfortable being uncomfortable. It may get tough, but it is a small price to pay for living a dream.", Damn now im wondering am I a good person?, RT : Shorter Left: Why does Bristol Palin have her own show? I think I'll tweet a frillion times about it!, that sounds like my version of hell., I know it will be, it's just getting the time. I'm so focused on reading about casinos for my thesis right now lol, against the Twins. I may able to no hit them, yeah! I saw your check in on foursquare but I didn't see you. Did you love it? Everything we had was so yummy!, haha i was creepinon your tweets and someones got a lover., the trick with indie music comes in when one defines indie either as a style of music or in major/minor label/licensing terms..., Agreed. What he has done & what he promised voters to get him elected are 2 different, dangerous things, Handball, swimming, running, jumping, basketball, and boxing were as much a part of me as breathing. Gene Tunney, ": it really needs to be more than you. She çan ignore you." Not in RL ...here watch this...., Look Mayweather will whoop Manny's ass. So shut up, yes! it is going to be like my tweet stream only better with commentary and such! :), Tell a man there are 400 billion stars and he'll believe you, Our website is up! Check it out: www.phuongnhuanddan.ourwedding.com Aaandlet me know if there are any typos :), Did you see the curious little penguin with a mohawk? Amazing. (I hate you for dragging me into this.), A month ago Chicago had a week n the 80s that same weekend i flew n the news reported 40 shot 9 murdered n two days.... weather a muphuka, ": Laundry is the only thing that should be seperated by color.", I love you. You dont have to love me back, but Im gonna give you my heart anyways<3, Glad you are enjoying Is there anything in particular that we are doing well?, Over-stimulation can cause #insomnia. Take away all distractions from the bedroom & practice aromatherapy to create a peaceful environment., Kerry Wood is a hot mess. Way to screw up Dempster's nice game. Kind of like Valverde did to Verlander., Follow my original account:, Celtics doing their thing. Just need OKC to follow through. Fuck LA, all speaking at #cnndialogues series about The 'Arab Spring': A Path to Democracy? In Atlanta, GA 2/9/12., "you know that cavalry of humans I told you about? Yeah, there is no cavalry. They're all zombies.", too little too late. Newt crushed the debates and people finally are realizing he has solutions that will work., Article 2 almost done. May the copy editor gods be kind., awww. Thank you. when will your book be out? I want to buy it already. Lol. You will motivate a lot of people., yes I know what u mean! But watching TV and reading books in the language you learn is a very good way to study :), Madison Wi tonight heading for Flordia tomorrow hope see can find a short track down there, Season 2 of SAXAppeal starting soon!, It's a lightly smoked sablefish mousse, wrapped in a chive sheet and topped with Ossetra caviar and a pain de mie crisp., Q5 Pinterest is the visual story teller! It's a #socialPR #branding and #SEO opportunity, I messaged you my number, i really want to learn acrylic painting - wondering about classes/options/opportunities in DC, Much love to anyone following me, you're amazing. Bed time for me. Sweet dreams. God Bless., I miss the good ol days where I was dumb and hot, now I'm just dumb :p, That could be malicious aspersions, “The more difficulties one has to encounter, within & without, the more significant and the higher in inspiration his life will be.” –..., and go all white. so they can really see your junk., Anybody wanna buy a ps3 lol, mars? why mars and it has to be like testable we cant test mars :\, Still under the weather....but you know I'm still grinding! How are you holding?, William Punshon~ Cowardice asks Is it safe Expediency asks Is it politic But Conscience asks Is it right, HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER SEASON FINALE!!, Indiana Secretary of State Charlie White found guilty on six counts of voter fraud., We're only 2 seats from a #GOP majority in the Virginia Senate. Vote TODAY and we can make the Senate red, Kissin U is my favorite Miranda Cosgrove song., are you going?, Just drove through Downtown #Oakland and yes it's true, the police have build a fence around the park where #OccupyOakland camped., Can't.stop.staring.at.my.BG. so freaking hot¦, #RESPECT RT : Shout Out To, NUGS WANT THIS!!!!!!, PLEASE FOLLOW ME I'M A BIGG FAN!LOVE YOU!, Add to todays numbers: Unemployment is now down to 8.3%. This is nearing original stimulus projections. Coming back!, we all love Dr. Pepper. except james, Didn't realize Mel Tucker (new Jax Jags HC) went to ! Go Jags!, All I want is to plant a victory garden., sure followed ya h, I don't know the exact name of the sandwich, but I'm pretty sure it was number 13. The one with grilled apples., pfhh i think so, u like her, she like u to, RT : Survey: More than 1 of public middle and high school students say both gangs and drugs are present at their campuses-..., I totally just saw you there! I even did a double take and looked at you as I walked out the door but I wasn't sure!! Haha!!, Finally heading home after long day at work..., Welcome to r growing consensus hub Thnx for following!, Lucky! Id rather be home, then at school!, welcome to the Elite Showcase Basketball Classic (ESBC) family, I am missing it, too, but following from Athens, Greece., tss the last rap in 8 mile!>>> (;, someone in baltimore won the jackpot? they could literally buy baltimore and still have a little something something left over., invading the OU library today. huzzah!, Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is., When do you come to Holland? :$ ¦, Oh dear! I cannot pass up a virtual cookie! Now, just to figure out how to get into my story., Thanks for the bump, Penni, #STAR Conference. Computers recommended by Stenograph for court reporters: Toshiba Tecra, Acer Travel Mate and Sony Vio., Got Milk?, The 4 P's no long work; we need to focus on the new "P's": problem, pattern, path, proof., liv's party was so much fun <3 bonfire was amazing (:, Great now ima be downloading music all instead of accomplishing anything that I have to do <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>, Long week of school shows, voiceovers, auditions, and other business. Time for a friday afternoon nap. Sing me a lullaby? -T, yea! Y'all made it!!, Thanks I will be sure to send you the link., Thanks to everybody who sent good wishes our way on the "Omeka + Neatline" project!, LOL, I would have to say you are WAAAYYYYY more than tasty! ;), You try way too hard., In same talk he also showed a grid for how he distributed collectibles in The Simpsons Game. He makes everything look good., :) I'm hoping to take some of the online classes until I can get myself set up out there again! That's my plan anyways. Haha, Creating your own business in these dynamic times is on of the most exciting things a women can do., I feel like I'm on my death bed, Summer can come early already., Dont be jealous. Extra super secret pocket. RT : It always weirds me out when girls keep their cellphone between their boobs., If your gonna be something, don't be a dick rider .., Does the person with the most boards win? What's the prize? Who's the mark?, One reason a dog can be such a comfort when you're feeling blue is that he doesn't try to find out why. — Author unknown, hahaha, you should! Did you find out anything about catering?, I'm getting to that class late tmrw <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, To the world you are one person but to me you are the world <3, That McDonalds commercial was sad :/, follow back and give a shoutie?:) - Ashley, Badgers win this next game segment and I think they'll win. They have to go to the high post to do it tho. 3 parade ending soon, RT : your fiery red hair is hot <~~~thx boo, ......I deny your awesomeness, feeling very happy today!!! :), picturing your facial expression > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+2764><U+2764>, So far tonight I have inappropriately touched half our lineup. No regrets ;), Groveland: Less than 20 Minutes..Heavy rain/wind, not gonna lie, my powerpoints are pretty fucking baller, RT : Nine out of ten people who change their minds are wrong the second time too. ~Unknown, All these haters hatin on me, but ion really care cuz they girls waitin on me., Love can fade, but it cant die, Hey Besto, what do u have going on this weekend? I close all weekend but Im off monday we should do something, haha, you silly., not the tool I was actually expecting :) wasted again on california red? happy HAPPY hour., Rice University Black Students Association Enters a Float In The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston For More Info Visit www.mlkgrandeparade.org, Bill Callahan randomly drops some Baby's Got Back lyrics at the end of Smog's Real Live Dress. Most depressing song that ever made me laugh., only thing I do find wierd and getting used to in DW7 is that story mode assigns you characters rather than you picking them., is a big fan of nuclear, but when things go badly... here's hoping they can avert another tragedy (or two)!, nope cause Robert looks like old sucker., will you ever notice me? <3, Identify best customers; get external help for insight; ask yourself what you dread each day & rid them; have you repeated your best success, FL attorneys: vote Gwynne Young for Pres in Florida Bar run-off election. Ballots out today. She will do a phenomenal job!, Mama ain't raise no fool and my daddy ain't raise no coward, At the Badger game. Go Red!, Moomoo! There's a moomoo in the room!, Bout to see the lucky 1 with my baby, !!!!! RT : If you don't like Kylie you probably hate life, Back to Boston tomorrow. It's been so nice being home! Wish it could last longer, but what can ya do..., I think Rick Kranitz said "I know" about a dozen times to Wolf there. One of those nights., Good to meet you too - def. lets connect some time!, Did this in therapy sessions. RT : Creating a gratitude list can move you from emotionally down to cognitively "up" state., Thanks...Gotta keep on the move! Your first 70.3?, i bet your excited :), I have not seen Part Two yet. Felt like I hated the first, but now it's growing on me. Love your show., how many times are you going to watch that movie?, just bought my Basecamp shirt. I'll be repping it in MN..., did he already sing it!?, How far can personal integrity take you? Your integrity can mean the difference in a desperate situation!, Happy Weekend! Enjoy football and fashion this Sunday!, #BeforeIGetMarried You must have success at keeping a job and a place for more than 6 months..., Done!! Thanks :), I'd be glad to swap this here pile of papers and red pen for your existential holiday crisis, trains, lunch, and book., Oh my darling, oh my darling, work out at the gym with me. We shall whittle down our tummies, then strong & healthy we shall be., what do you think of schedule big guy?, Also, I know you'll definitely put them to good use :) Would love to see more of your pics on Flickr! Happy holidays :), ... and applied them to their various situations from the 1740s to the 1810s, don't ask -___-, It is not the mountain that we conquer but ourselves. Sir Edmund Hillary, Both of them. Have them full of movies and tv shows, Ran into your blog- neat stuff. What do you make shoot vids with?, Tomorrow's FINALLY Friday.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, rt : RT : Its funny to think that there was a time when MTV focused on MUSIC, not pregnant girls., I love to watch her leave..., RT : You're my favorite Boy Scout. <3 <3, RT : Enter to win one of 5 copies of the "Let's Predict Fun Deck" app from Super Duper on Consonantly Speaking's website -..., I want to fire walk., Anyone from from CMH traveling to Bonnaroo tomorrow?, I full on slammed on my ass so hard that I think it might have self adjusted my back., I have butterflies 0___o, LOL I own those and was jokingly considering bringing one to SF ;), They invented hugs to let people know you love them without saying anything. - Bil Keane, So it's called "the new iPad". Next year: the newer iPad., Dentist appiont...this is when i finally get all my complete braces on, www.myspace.com/YoungJSantiago, NC is fifth in the nation for child obesity. We are setting up a health epidemic for the next generation. Let's do better Charlotte!, Never in my life will I be able to say "two guys are after me and idk which one to choose", My pleasure. I love your apps., I love my life! If u Dnt change it!, Can't wait to see "8: The Mormon Proposition" when it hits theaters (& pay-per-view) next week - www.mormonproposition.com, Comunication cures so many things., I agree!, Hope all is well in your world. Hope to get that way soon., ugh perfection on stage tonight, make up roughly half of our top positions. anyway, sorry for the overlong explanation. Doug & I recently had a, Missing files are the worst - I guess I'm starting from scratch, Physical copies of "Until black october ends" will be shipped soon. Ep will be available for download online soon!, If I could get a dollar for every time I have to tell a student to unplug - close program - plug headphones - open program - I'd be RICH!, Nashville Whiskey Jam (Winners in Midtown) 840. Free show +21, you need to tweet more..., At great technology conference for languages, FUPAs are so gross., makin every excuse up right now, make me sick ., That IU is losing Brad Hamm., Congrats to my alma mater and for earning an encore performance at the Big Dance!, Organization success - research show stockholder wealth increases substantially when firms place workers at the core of their strategy, We are not speaking you dolt...we are writing. I would expect a smart atheist pussy like you to know the difference., there was some drunk kid shouting the same lines into his phone repeatedly at his gf and ruining everyone's earspace, thanks for following Our kids exercise device , 123GoTV was just featured on TV on the NBC News 4 Your Health., It honestly hurts every time I see DeMarco Murray's name. Oh what could have been., Gotta go up to Harold Washington....., where's your favorite place to get pho? I've been on the hunt lately!, Happy Easter to my friends that celebrate!, Just finished eating the most unhealthiest breakfast ever.. I feel so guilty<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>, My #NewYorkKnicks have not won a playoff game since 2001, which makes me understand why rooting for the Knicks frequently seems futile., omg are you watching T&T?? My most embarrassing reveal ever but I love that show!, Now I will say that "charge" on Barnes is highly debatable., Take a walk or a run, it's good for the heart & the buns ;), My sun sesh was cut too short with :( Time to go pick up Bella & take her to her vet appointment., I agree that standardized miss the point of education. But, perhaps that's the problem. There still exists two epistemological, you're sick, Why do I have the feeling this evening will not result in Dempster finally breaking through in the meaningless pitcher win column?, I always thought he was saying doo doo jump. I can honestly say I learned something today., right ! I was saying the same thing!, Hassli deserves a second card. He's an idiot that thinks way to much of himself. Do you really think you can kick a guys leg on a header?, and you'd swoop down low only to gain more air, please turn to syfy right this moment... this show is fucking amazing, Found a 1939 nickel in my change. Don't know if it signifies any luck, but it's pretty cool., Yo So As Soin As Asia Got In Jameaka Face that Bell Ringed And Jameka Dipped lmao punk, I really wanna watch Battleship. :c, Not to get personal, but how close are you? If he's a really good friend, I'd say it's innocent. If not, I'd say he wants ..., so lucky i got to spend my last performance at ppu with such talented wonderful people!, he even looks better by the end of my glass., It's easier to keep up than to catch up., successful souvenir shopping: a Norweigan cheese cutter, a stuffed moose, and several ugly troll magnets, RT : What is your "money measurement" for your digital museum content? How about # of re-uses?, classic underrated Dr. John. It's the b-side to Right Place Wrong Time, Fan appreciation night is always a great time to see the fans get surprised with great prizes..bummed im I'm Dayton and can't attend, I'm always trying to act like nothing's wrong; but in actuality, I'm a fucking train wreck., U should finally come to Bmore for the launch of our jewelry line in April!, doesn't matter.. More ppl like watching pacman fight cuz he's more entertaining.. Floyd wants everything his way.. Not gonna happen, Good morning tweeps! Thinking #tacos for lunch? We completely agree :), #AcornElectric is busy making stuff today! Gettin' ready for #CraftyWonderland spring sale May 7! And #SteelPetalPress will be in Portland!, haha so true! Very fishy indeed, Walked from our hotel for 1.5 mile, only to find that it was closed :( Should've known to call first., give thanks!, guaranteed wrote that crap because a lawyer forced him to. No one makes a 180 that quickly., Name this picture book: superhero doll who has like a sponge sidekick and is forced to wear a green wool sweater that unravels., The revamped website features Twitter feeds from Dept. of Cultural Resources institutions & people., Thank you for the RT and also for looking absolutely FAB in our dress! We'd definitely love another round :), Christmas is so neeearrr!! It's so exciting!, Time to go on at Worlds for the end of Worlds 2012 show. Thanks to everyone who has made our ride and dream a reality..., I'm gonna go stick my hand down my pants and see if it goes somewhere, he's just building us up to kill off another beloved character...sadistic bastard, Merry Christmas folks :) Best wishes from, To awe us young people, who don't know anything except what we looked up on Google five minutes ago!, Lmao! Light weights! <U+2764> uu! RT : Happy bday to tw coldest chick in the game! The next light weight to me! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>, An online retailer conducts an informal survey on the availability and quality of gift baskets available for puchase in person or online., Having dinner with my girl @ Henry's Puffy Tacos, drinking some Pina Coladas!!, iPhone's look so much better without cases., I'm now a secret billionaire, That was me ;-), either! i'll take all suggestions and narrow it down if i have to..., Thanks for mentions and RTs !, I Just Wanna Say i LOVE, mix it with some diet coke since chances are you aren't dieting either, Rockin!! Get it!!, Love online archival images if they can navigate. Need more user-friendly sites with better structure & navigation., Follow us for GWCC food and beverage specials throughout the week, New song from The Shins so much doesn't suck that I had to Shazam it to verify it was them., Been in bed sick all day now I can't sleep at least soUth park is on, How stupid is the AD of UCLA to announce his first choice without any tentative agreement. 2nd place guy is leftover, My friend Noah calls his fiancé every night on his lunch break and talks to her the entire time. Maybe one day I'll find love like that., Voting for rng!;), thanks for the acknowledgement! We need everyone in this fight!, i need a courage scone today, !, Corpus Christi bound <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>, FYI Baltimore :: For every 1 mile pedaled rather than driven, nearly 1 pound of CO2 is saved. Grab a beer and get on the Pedal Mill!, where are you planning on living?, Mitt completely leaves out Health Care when discussing his Massachusetts resume. Wonder why?, Mood went from :) to -_-, Still searching..., Cause in the end they gon judge me so whatever, very interested in those mailers, wrapped around your finger, Which might raise the question: Can this fellow teach anything without referring to Herzog? Answer: Certainly not., Titanic with my 2 favorite cousins(:, Good luck with your new site. I use a Wordpress template and it's pretty easy to update..., im all ears dear :), Dickie cut your hair...., Will someone wake me up when humans start acting like humans to each other again?, Happy Monday! xoxo, A very sore back, aye what can I say Just like the old song goes "baby I got what you need";) hmm just wait tell next week your all mine ;)xo, It's growing back tho!, Bryan Anger is the second best punter to come out of Cal...the best was obviously Dave Lonie., I guess I'll just have to lay in bed and play with it for the rest of the night ; ), Happy July is finally almost over... Rough month., I didn't realize 8 year olds were allowed to work the cash register @ subway. This one wasn't very quick about it., GOODNIGHT TWITTER. Follow Us, K?! Peace Out. #TripleOLLG <--- it's gunna happen. watch. -, If you follow the crowd you will only go as far as the crowd goes.If you lead then you will go as far as your dreams carry you!!, oh because that happened to me 2 ...:(, Whose protecting our babies??? As a parent I say street justice, eye for an eye, life for a life, you called this child a "COON", I <U+E32D> him I know I do, I can't wait to read what's new with you!, Signed up for the St. Patrick's Day "Shamrock 5K"...even though I haven't run more than a block since last year's run. Lazy much?!, can't believe you're playing in the Garden! a year ago, I was just hoping your album would release in the USA! #sohappy! :), Happy Hanukkah everyone from your friends at VocabSushi!, Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy., Thank you for the RT! #Peace and #Serenity to you!, sure! Why not?! Lol. Normally i can't cheer for Philly sports either, but I'll make an exception, Welcome to my new friends~ your presence is <3, seriously check out that vid. It goes against everything the media have (or haven't, actually) been saying about how well he's doing, OH: "my agro cat reader won't open", The new and sadly quite boring website is now up! www.tenacitycircusarts.com, “: Knick legend and 4x All-Star, Bernard King, is in the house tonight.” give him a uniform to help these team please!, great job on the #sobewff video!, "How can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company? It’s beyond me.” Zora Neale Hurston, thank you I will do that, We are open at 11am!, So true. My boys & I are big fans of everything Ghibli, Cowboy BeBop, & Samurai Jack. Never felt it 4 Disney., #Romney wins Puerto Rico. That proves he is the most electable. /snark, from boyfriend love to buddy love <3, I was having sex to one of Adele's songs last night.... I came tears., Nice to meet you Heather!, It's #freezing in the #ATL today.. Good thing I am flying to new York, I am so screwed., I've had the flu all weekend. Its the worst!, I'd say if Randle hangs around he's gotta be third pick., Aw. Thanks doll! It was amazing! :D, NBC bleeped out 's comment on Banderas and Hayek. Damn it ! Now I have to wait for a youtube video ., i'm not sure what i should be for Halloween .. and ideas.., Been MIA for a min... Had sme business to handle but Im Bbaaacccckkkk!, Reasonably productive on classwork today. Now watching Cincinnati game as a break. Go Bearcats!, A wise woman never decieves those who lend a hand, #Ladies My shoulders are really sore. A good massage is just what I need. Any takers?, I'm afraid that you'll never know how I really felt ., Our #ala10 booth is now on FourSquare. At the end of the conference, we will send the Mayor some nifty swag. Checkin at booth, Cotto fought exceptionally well against the best fighter in the world. Great match, congrats to both fighters!!!, We're done in the Middle East. It's time for another war, closer to home, to help out the economy. :-), "Taxation without stated ability to negotiate labor contracts" just doesn't have the same ring to it though, #WeLoveChristian your true fans will always be there for you <333333 no matter where you go in life, high school for girls swimming sectional finals #go orioles, Kyrie is the man., Thanks Kroger for not raising gas $.25 yet, Oh boy., absolutely - my pleasure!, Artists well worth the follow, Happy FATHERS day to all you MOTHERS;))!!, Happiness in the heart makes the eyes sparkle with joy <3 <3 Lori, oh crap!, Nunn Center's #OHMS system being featured tomorrow at #webwise to demo interface that could be used to crowdsource indexing of, Ok. I like Emma Stone's dress. And I really love her!, you so need to apply to do viz for recovery.gov- is an awesome graphics designer but is in Austin! come to DCcodeathon too?, how do i put this lightly, im a huge hit w the mailroom guy, and in general homeless men and cab drivers luv me. i just dont know who 2 pick, awesome! Do you write once a day or multiple times a day? Content is king right?, Don't try to be something that you're not. You'll just make yourself look stupid., Happy 4th of July!!!, Cardio. High stepper then trainer for an hour session now back in the gym for more cardio really trying!! Getting hard pushing through, Knocked to the ground and attacked. A sexual assault victim hid under the jacket attackers used to cover her face until police arrived., while (i<4), I love the fact that tweets his followers back, such a cool guy!, Samantha just finished the Surf City half marathon. Woohoo! Time to get cleaned up and Super Bowl it. Huya! Giants I guess..., ****Gm Twitter peeps and FB!! Looking forward to today's events and tomorrow's pleasures..... ;-)****, I'm all for not giving her any more attention!, Peyton Manning to the Broncos., Justin Dior Combs <333333333, Sorry to hear that. But hopefully we'll be able to represent for the sushi food trucks!, Ad campaign Twitter extension #advertising #sportsbiz RT : Baseball, hot dogs, apple pie &, Thank u :), Wondering if the windy weather in Denver will preclude PORTUS from looking at solar panels....but it is a photo op., i have a few that would make your head spin., #RunningWilde is so funny!, Thank YOU! Awesome presentation!, . I practically live at Cafe du Monde when :) which is why beignets sound good (I miss em), w/#GOP actively repealing employment & #labor protections, how exactly does that argument work?, idk this weird thing, nice tree., "It's a global faculty room" -- Will Richardson, Oh man. Didn't want to get into this tonight. BUT, someone is WRONG on the internet. I guess it's my duty to set them straight!, one more thank-you to for leading a great chat on mobile this week., Send em our way ; ) RT: Whenever I see anyone with a beard I just automatically assume they are part of, I'm excited for you today., Bass and Drums are the key ingrediant to any awesome band u those two instrument locked on the bottom your in good shape., Completely agree., 32 more days I cant wait to see my husband, I didn't get the ad slogan "If you don't have an iPhone, you don't have an iPhone" til I got an iPhone. They were right., What did you look at?, i agree wiv that.., Donated blood today #SavingLives over here, If you feel sluggish, eat spinach, bananas, onions, grapefruit, and pears to help cleanse your liver and give yourself a boost., My nails look #fresh (': i love doing my own nails <3, Another great day.... Yay ...... Drinking myself to pure happiness tonight. F'n Grooven come join., yeah too bad about pujols. nature of sport. injuries happen. cracked forearm shows just a freak accident. he'll be back., If anybody needs to reach or myself this wknd we'll be at the table outside immediately to the left of the door at Cafe Gitane., People just need to realize when I say "Swag" I am being highly sarcastic., love your tweets...inspiring but you unfollowed me! :(, Seven kids in minivan nailed for street racing, Thanks for tweeting my #zombie article!, Everyone be safe out there!!! Nasty weather. :(, that's it I refuse to eat any more Thanksgiving letf-overs...I have made up my mind and I'm quitting cold turkey...have a great day!!!, my iPhone finally accepts the fact that i'm not spelling "hella" wrong, I love this <3 RT : "Does it even matter in the end if were unhappy?", don't mention it, hope yours is great as well! :), #DASER Borgia gives background info about sexual selection -- it involves 2 elements male-male competition & female choice (mostly accepted), HAHA yea, where's the tall brunette on the menu !, This kid is crazy, for students who have reservations about FB then internal SNS will serve as a transition to making WW connections on FB, check out my page reverbnation.com/artistehebrew, facebook.com/artistehebrew, If you're missing the #SDMayor debate, you can watch online soon. We will tweet the link when the video is up., and Thank you for the #FF mentions!, wait there's no hockey on espn?! Your on the wrong channel man, Rosenstiel says you risk losing credibility. I agree. It's a perception business and there are other jobs., That's a real classic sit-com. I don't think there's anymore on tv other than Tyler Perry stuff., Things that are awesome: appreciation for what you have, finding the good in people, telling people how important they are to you., Good #boxing and #ground workouts the last couple of days., thanks! I'd like to do a write up for Urbanistguide, No public ghosts allowed!!, you mean We Go?, Our political system is broken. This country needs a 3rd Party in the worst way., and how are you celebrating?!?!?, Just saw a screening of what's your number its hilarious, Winter #luxury. Fresh raspberries. Yum., thanks and you're welcome :p, It's not bed time yet.....still need 2 finish a lot of things ....def coffee time !!!, check out code.google.com/html5shim, We need JD Drew back, notice me, RT i need to get up and get dress. .. . . Myee to ii feel hella lazzzyyyy, Oh sweet, my allergies are back., Have transcended fear of inheriting craziness., RT House/Techno/Trance/Club music whatever you fucks call it; really gets my dick hard when I'm working out., <U+2763>Love<U+2763> either finds equality or makes it. John Dryden, Purim Pandemonium is rocking - if you're not here yet, hurry up and get your party on!, thank you for the follow back, Animal house is by far one of the best movies of all time., Pretty sure that was just #earthquake number 2. Or moving boxes has broken my body., Biggest laugh line so far!, You're in vegas? Go to chipendales! LOL!, OMG!!!!!!!!!!!! #NYGiants fans gotta retweet my next twitter picture!, Uh, this link does NOT work brotha!! PLEASE repost! I have a camera but I don't know what you want me to do with it ; ), I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>, Go Bucks!, What do a Hummer and a Baby Grand Piano have in common? Margarita Cabrera created both and SECCA's got 'em. Come see. www.secca.org, they say i look very depressed these days. okay, time to chin up!! depressed no more!!!!!!!!!, Road tripping with We're not even talking to each other..., i ALWAAAYSS thought this! like wtf. he reads my mind. RT I think it's strange how freely people describe themselves as "anal"., I love class with and <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>, I love Brooklyn., Good Morning!, Phil Simms is pale!, stop calling yourself a boylieber. You give the rest of us a bad name., A-Town, I am a guest of Bob Lanier at the NBA Legends Brunch in Los Angeles., I take it everything back., Hollywood: America, this is Channing Tatum and you WILL accept him., To perform at an open mic later... or stay home and relax... decisions decisions..., we can celebrate with karaoke in 2 weeks!, is my arch nemesis today, Lies Like Rug, I feel so lame-__-, Hm....thinking about throwing in these 0's..., Tough to play a song like that with kids present. Check us out at johnny's Saturday, explicit words allowed, If you had $2,500 to spend on your personal professional development, how would you spend it? Workshop, retreat, seminar, conference ideas?, I want to book u for a party but its in england so would I have to pay for your plain tickets ?? X, There's nothing like a Classy girl/lady.<U+E335><U+E335><U+E335><U+E335><U+E335>, Great inspirational video. I am small but I linked it to facebook. Good Luck Sgt.! I am sure you will go far., The guys next to me are imitating girls, and it's SO funny, Student Quote: "Chess makes me curious. I think it keeps my mind working. Maybe it keeps me active. " - Christina, 9, what up fam!! Yu ready for this #CrackHouse video!?, Thanks for the RT. We always appreciate working with our busness partners., ~Tsss Niqqas jumped My Boy Shitt About To Get Real Friday ~, “: I'm hustlin for 5% status ;)” hahaha if u were the 1st to do it i wouldnt be shocked :-), Caught up the last two weeks of #Grimm. Still enjoying it very much. More backstory helping it too., ATV racing! Lets hope I don't flip!!!, Looking good on a Vespa. But I thing the Ducati is more your speed., I tell ya, there is no better feeling in the world, than a long, solid sleep & waking up feeling rested. Except maybe waking up not hungry, GRADUATION PARTY! (We need a dude to show up with a briefcase filled with alarm clocks), My goofy ass twitter keeps unfollowing people, I have no beers in my fridge..., Don't understand what I mean when I say KEEP IT IN THE ROAD? Well keep on goin south & somewhere in a small town you'll get the answer!, If you have a long , boosie ass signature on your phone. Dont bother texting me !, I love more than Ralphie. Don't tell, Are you already making plans for your extra LONG Weekend?, Mom brought me soup! Gluten-Free Soup!, Looks like warmer weather is on the horizon!, I don't think you know how much you mean to me., It's raining : /, Thanks for keeping us posted. Please let me know the KTRU news as it breaks., well they like me the least, wow, I'm playing words with friends with my mom xD, I can't wait to see everyone's facebook photos of flowers at their desk from the "BEST BOYFREIND EVER!!!", Thanks for all the tweeting about the DCLUPUSWALK Rachel,, Not gonna lie, The Dictator is hilarious!, RT : “Pay no attention to what the critics say. A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.”—Jean Sibelius, My NBA wish list. I want the Memphis Grizzlies to have home-court advantage in the 1st round of the NBA Playoffs against the Clippers!, Sweet PAS dreams are over! Wake up and face the nightmare! Lol, Spring is here-at least in the kitchen, we have ramps folks! They will be on the menu tonight!, GO GET YOUR LIFE, I love that feeling you get mid final when you're like: "holy crap It's summer now", We can help with that! Send us your coordinates!, No. We need to harness their energy. We do not have to push. They will follow. The #NWord & its use is relevant to them., Lovin the ambient noise of, that's for sure. Although I really don't find the smell all that great:), You thought child labor was bad! Ten-year-old suicide bombers arrested. Taliban told them they wouldn't get hurt. Story on CNN., it was great to see you too Matt!!! #blessings Can't wait to hear your music!, So glad you're coming! It will be such a fun event., "I love you is back!", Be entered to win a free office for one year by liking us on FB!, It's okay to not put every song you recorded on the album., thank mister wan., Where in East Cincy area can I watch the #Packers every week? I really miss my team. Locally shown #NFL games not worth watching., congrats. I'm so happy for you guys., Very good - Thaibodia restaurant on El Camino Real in San Carlos, CA., www.theallertonhotel.com See Erin McDougald Quartet in M avenue Lounge (2nd floor) 7-11pm. AWESOME venue! Jazz to carry you away..., Excited to have you... #SportingKC RT : Excited to be staying in KC for the 2012 season :), bet bet bet, Yahhhhhh. Sorry. I feel bad., Yes! Would love to see stats & data abt, Even the toughest stains are nothing for Revolutionary Cleaning yacht and boat cleaning. call now : 866-970-2532, Aw Alicia stay strong!, Why is love so easy to fall in to, but so difficult to forget? </3, Did you watch tonight? Did you vote yet for ? If not, please vote NOW! Dial 1-866-856-8308 for, rewrite if you have to but don't delete it all. Imma having to rewrite a lot. But it's gonna turn out fantastic! ;), Just got done watching boyfriend.........BEST VIDEO EVER I'm just speachhless!!!!!!!!!!, Who's going to see From Apathy at BackstageLive next weekend!?, But have you had the Momofuku Milk Bar cookies with cornflakes?, PS, I never recommend spelling recommend "reccomend". I guess Zucca put me in the Italian mood, Maybe 1/2 recognized it; 1/2 of those placed it; and another 1/2 connected the dots., That awkward moment when kids see a toy they want on TV but they can't get it because their parents must be 18 or older, I don't care if is 8:30!! I want to stay down at the barn!! I love my horses(:, It doesn't appear that I can win in this town. I put together a plan that beat the Bengals in Cinci and I'm still too conservative., You look great!, You got that shit that somebody would look for but won’t find, :) He's amazing, beyond amazing always making me smile<3, FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "BREATHE IN THE FUTURE, BREATHE OUT THE PAST." ~ Iceberg Slim Jay, Hey Sugar butt... do you wanna see the Sally Show?, Everyone on Earth is at OC Point., I'm looking forward to the advance premiere in NYC., RT : Local leaders need understand importance of digital #econdev & create strategies to be innovative communities, Compline. Tonight. My house. All are welcome., All of the boys to the yard of course!, nothing will take that from you. Talk about tuff you got that for sure., Like Nd I'll Hit You Up?, Some things man was never meant to know. For everything else there is Google., #brrrrrr. I'm happy to be inside today., tried some of your food Thai food and it was delish and the Quesadillas were amazing:), I've been to Houston. It's all parking lots and sprawl., #ThingsIWantTheMost a voltran full length movie, how you been superstar?, figuring out my birthday plans, Going to new york, new york today hehe(: xoxo, That man never seems to age. Unbelievable!, #GOODMORNING 2 U 2. & I WASNT. LOL. IT WAS DARK N THE CLUB FLASH ON MY PHONE ALMOST BLINDED ME. LOL. WHATS UP WIT U?, Photography; night session,san jose!, Heading home from North Port/ working on a new song, I hope every one has a lovely morning and a fantastic day!, Q: What does a good bar and a good woman have in common? A: Liquor in the front and poker in the back!, "Oh He knows your voice, lift your hands it's time to rejoice, child your cries have awoken the Master", i had frozen yogurt yesterday at the Scottsdale and Shea location! its the best ever!, Yes! Long live Portland writers!, Happy no pizza at #DevIgnition. Hopefully some sandwiches with no cheese, RT If people winked in real life as much as they do in text messages this world would be a pretty creepy place., Oh, thank God we're doing an episode where everyone feels bad for Rachel. THANK GOD., 4exy dude u are, Movie recommendation is Kurt Russell in "The Thing", Thx, Agree. Really didn't even consider folding. Part of poker. Next. Gl if ur plyn Main Event., at the country club picking up the kids i nanny for. different world, Gamel looks very good at the plate this homestand..., Thanks, me too. Kind of dizzy working through this all now, and really looking for a chance to slow down and reflect., Sure dont call me back freakr, Alway's Pleased to hear from yOu!!!, i would like a follow back since I voted all day, You mentioned me?, I love warm tea <3, Finally arrived! #nasig11 Look forward for the sessions., we are (: for sure!, I have felt so bad & so weak but I know God has a reason for everything we go through. Continued next tweet, thanks John for the updates sorry for those mustangs but glad u saw a great game, Too dangerous to let kids play--can't take the pledge., Buddy & Porky Pet Health: Threat of Salmonella Continues: They include: Solid Gold Wolf King and Solid Gold Wolf Cub, sold by Gold He..., We have healthier body images portrayed in media (and in White House). Not enuf Chanel Iman's to sway me! :), A common belief is that John says "I Buried Paul" at the end of Strawberry Fields, he actually says "Cranberry Sauce", not once, but twi, No offense to Beastie Boys fans but they joined Rock and Roll Hall of Fame before Rush? Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is now officially a JOKE, bahahaha nice one!! :-), Dream: meet and discuss with him the finer points of X-Men and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles., Good luck! You should stop by ;), I don't know what to do anymore I haven't even done anything and we aren't talking....I just don't know what to do., Kid Ink.- Stank In My Blunt ., I see you Bradly..., Spell check and predictive text ,blah., size 13 too, Yes, a natural, complementary stress buster for I recommend for, So what did you make instead? Do you have a thermometer in your fridge? Optimum temp is said to be 35-38., The festivities for the Lone Star Performance Explosion continue tonight at AvantGarden. 7-11pm. More great performances!, by those same college grads who could not afford health care now can!, We brought our christmas tree home on the streetcar. And now it's all pretty and festive in our dinning room!, Come over and eat dinner on the island if you like today around 5 *if back in town., You Control Your Destiny, What Are you going to do with it?, I don't blame you!!!, Chris Frasco is currently playing in Mocha Joe's and he's got jokes! Take a break from that unnecessary homework and come take a listen!, who knew this photo shoot would 2 b an all day "production"! the finished product will b worth it, shout out to KUL Magazine! Lets Get It!!!, ": “: 4-0 ???? Y'all watching the game?”-> r u watching"4025 day pO drought ends lol, i need that green leaf ASAP, You can save time and money using Shopping Genie store software to find the best sales. Check it out!, "I'm sorry" does not always work ecspecially when they are waiting for u to screw up, Come on down! We are open until 10:30 tonight. RT : I could use some of 's Champagne Sangria right now., - There is a free conference for teachers at Wayne State today. #edcampDetroit - Can you show some twitter love for us?, Keep it 100 if it's no it's no not tripping, DITTO! Lets go, Please like us on Facebook! You can find us by searching rx2you, what the bizness, . our secret's revealed!, 100 MF`s cant tell me nothing! I BEEZ in the Trap I BEEZ x`s 2 in the Trap ...., “: does anyone know where/how I can watch season 5 of Californication if I don't have Showtime?”<~~ Netflix or Hulu?, Live ur dream, don't let anything stop u, do something that makes u stand out!, you all looked great on stage and sounded amazing!, game night get ya twig right, RT : eat less,,mostly plants and whole food with 45 minutes of excercise daily is a great plan!, mckernansports thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!, When a person refuses to look at what they are doing as wrong then they have no reason to be honest., DICK IN YO FACE, Day 34 of 100: I am thankful for trusting my intuition., Cm punk lets go cena, Met Scott from last night at Crystal Ballroom at the Jeff Mangum show! Go #Halos!, A very slow, not easily transmissible virus., Now a card carrying member of the Dustin Brown fan club!!, you can have what ever you want in life but you have to take a shot at it, Not yet! I am getting in like a few hours!, alright celtics. #leggo one more quarter. lets get it., When Posting on your Facebook Fanpage don't use closed statements -Ask questions for more engagement., HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE!, nice to see some familiar faces. Im just excited that Rob would give the shout out I made for Mr. Bennett! :D, whatever you were talking about seemed serious...do ur thing ma'am..lol, it's actually kind of red. I have a red eye., Most folks w/ Advantage/Core use the app 2 log food on the go -- much easier than having 2 get 2 the computer for that., I long to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, And I too suffer, no worries I was on the same train just the one that departed shortly after you., Is it bad that I am excited my trainer canceled and I don't have to go to the gym today?, LOLOL that was a wig!, -- thank you!, Thanks to our grad student intern Jenn Fuller for running, Midtown's Clean Team empties 102 corner litter-baskets 7 days a week., disagree. No one cares about MI now other than couple of pundits. Public paying no attention and could care less, later people, That's awesome., yayy I can't wait to see what it is!, you know when its real when you afraid to tell how you feel, You killed my racoon, because I've only heard it here in Miami, I suspect it's Cuban, Giants will win SB XLVI. I mean, Umenyura backs up jason pierre-paul. Pass rush will negate Tom Brady again. Eli better QB than last time, Did you end up staying those extra 30 minutes? Lmfao!, Excited to have former Wyoming Gov in my eco dev meeting this morning talking about WV's proposed future fund., Some may say my time would be better spent finishing this quarter's assignments instead of shopping for next quarter's books, ive been rediscovering myself and I almost forgot how liberating and rejuvenating it is to just run. lacin up my shoes right now, Time for #Yankees Baseball on this beautiful Saturday afternoon! Enjoy the game my friends, and let's make it a good one - Go #Bartolo!, Lower _un_employment rate? ;), Spanish guys are yummy ;), too bad the person that tweet was directed to prob didn't even see it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>, ": Goin to see !!! SO FREAKING EXCITED. :D" what's ur fav BA song?, I know how that is. Every time I see Drake I wonder where his wheelchair is., Oh, we are there now. She's 5. She regresses to Caillou occasionally, the pacers nigga?!?, he took a little nap and now he's his old self., my quiet response conveys my awe, If anyone magically ended up with an extra Flaming Lips LP from Record Store Day, I'll gladly take it off your hands., Just watched "Killing bin Laden" and the details are fascinating. The Seals are some bad dudes., I like getting out of the shower and splashing my hair everywhere :P its beast, On the phone ;)), Don't allow a lack of money to be your excuse for a lack of progress. Wisdom is always available... even when money isn't., Kobe will butt fuck all his HATERS, see you DID score big playing the game! shit shit shit! well, night. and no i'm not pouting. *sticks out lower lip*, awesome!!! Can I have some?? lol, WI #alcoholtax has lost 82% of its value since last raised in 1969! Yikes! Talk about falling behind as a state., touchdown ducks., I just read Bartleby with my students! I would've preferred not to. (False.), RT Pasadena Playhouse's new season: 'Sleepless in Seattle', totally have my nails painted that lavender color by Sally Hansen!, If you retweet one of our tweets, we'll retweet one of yours' -we're down to help, I like that one too c:, yo falloutt sorry i missed 2 streams i will be at ur next one but yea im so sorry man, u know wht man I thnk white folks are supporting this, but I think there is some shock value here, Plus I didn't know what Logan would say, Stop in early Saturday morning Mention this tweet before 8am and get 25% off your drink, Is it local?, At camp, it's raining. :(, I love you bud:), Happy Earth Day!! What are you doing to keep your #recsports leagues eco-friendly?, I did it AGAIN. OMG MAKE IT STOP., Oh darn..., Also a piece from a mom to her daughter. Tissues! I need tissues, STAT!, My knees are killing me from crossing them during the whole perfomance of, Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work. -Joseph Barbara, Bernese Mountain Dog, the preferred breed of myself and Ms. Tex, my dream place <3, yea yea, I hope she says yes!, The ACRL WA/OR unconference was awesome, despite the lack of a librarian cage match. 8 short sessions, all interesting!, can i please get a follow ive bin voting all day!! <3, #NFLNetwork is awesome Tuesday night television. And I agree, the #Giants got hosed with that schedule., fascinating history of Motorola's CI and financial forecasting work from Karen Dunning., Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!, So Many Strains today...All $40 an 8th...No TAX, Hey there! Can you email support(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we can help you out!, We would look at eachother and not say a word, but so many words were being said.., Breaking News! I'm on to something big. Details to follow shortly., Gabon, Botswana, Tunisia, and Kenya lead the way in mobile penetration in Africa, nice man, Partly Cloudy and 69 F at Chicago/O'Hare, IL Winds are Northeast at 12.7 MPH (11 KT). The pressure is 1022.5 mb and the, Just read your opening up a restaurant. Hope you have room to hold all 2000 + of the SLTP ladies in August. lol, Lmao don't encourage that Bible bag, morn friend !!, Time to get busy on, thanks M. Been riding 40 miles in an hour on a bike almost every day. Loving the fit life., I have a #15 corona jersey on right now, so i hope to god that i have a good birthday tomorrow...cuz i have never had a good one., Well, thanks for sharing. Will take a gander this weekend and add it to the blogroll., Caught them:):), let me know if you hear why, thanks!, Your stunning (: welcome to the family. <3, Look out world... another Hinojosa has joined twitter... welcome, OMG KITTY IN THE LIBRARY! YAYS! (Cute shoes, by the way.), also someone bought the movie rights to it already. talk about one x-rated movie!, Yeah, one of my homeboys from high school sent the song to me, funny ish lol... Have you done any guitar practicing?, #GetAnXbox so it can break... Again.. Then #GetAnXbox... Again......, wow, I knew the Kardashians were big bitches, but is an even bigger one. People that make minimum wage work harder., I have to start all over again because of stupid drama., bro, your twitter avi is busted.... #whathappened?, “Not every performance is going to be the best but the fact that you have the guts to do it makes it worth the practice ", What the hell are you waiting for?, “: YAH I HAD A BABY BUT IM STILL CRAZY!!! - Natalie!!!! #snldigitalshort BRILLIANT!”, I knew you were going to call me bug!, SHE WAS A GINGER! A FAKE GINGER!!, Hahahahaha, Kevin Bloody Wilson ;) x Michael is pissin his pants over here. Love ya work, Frankie, is that suppose to be like methhead lol, u need to start tweeting ryan, I love ice ... 4 Twine, 2 flip, 5 swallows and I at school: D, WILL DO, lol not that im saying i disagree, depressing weather!!, Lately whenever I'm looking for parking, there's an open spot right in front… so I just park there. Scott Spot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, How hard is it to get involved in a working group?, Someone going through a table, who doesn't love that?, Rock Chalk!, Showing off: Junior League of Detroit fundraiser offers design inspiration, Great game man !, THANK YOU, TIME ZONES! 3:10 am here. (Boo insomnia.) We should do a conference call sometime., will u plz fallow me:), Don't wanna go to school, How, I ask, can one be expected to forgive the perpetrators of wrongs that may well affect the course of one's future?, Is it weird that my favorite rapper is my own cousin ? lol. i think not... you got the glow son. lmao, Bronx NY, how bout u ?, Prom may 5,boom, Yeah(x Soo Hoowws Life ? ;D, All that matters is that Tebro proved himself!, affected by MN gov't shutdown--may affect 32 partners in 10 states + DC participating in Preserving State Gov't Info project, is at the The Pour House in Raleigh, NC TONIGHT, if you know folks in the area, e-mail me names, I will put them on the guestlist, I just really really REALLY hope I'm just over exaggerating and over thinking everything and none of it's true., *love* the new look!, Definitely. Had to deal with a terrible zone., Congratss on meeting Austin :) must've been amazing!!, I know, right?? So excited for the movie!, I don't fucc with the Cops and I really don't fucc with Narcs, Normal: winter, spring, summer, fall, repeat. Milwaukee: winter, winter, antartica, hell, depression, summer, oven, cow., would it be possible to go to the infinity of recruiting rankings?!?! If so UK fans wouldn't be happy with #1 classes!, Watching live webinar with and, lets do it together, I have nightmares about how the #Astros lost, when we had the Big Unit, and an incredible team, it was sad., ...and now Aaliyah is playing on K104. Thank you, Baby Girl. <3, Just got back home playing #BF3 my shit lol :) and texting :) <3, i hate waking up late :(, I love bukake from all up in my face :'), I put my 2 weeks in at my job., Scary stat, awareness is what this problem needs., “: HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!” Happy Birthday!!!, Sam Elliot gravelly drawl/voiceover for Dodge Ram ads indelible, and a 'stache on par w, Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there! Hope you felt loved and appreciated for all you do! Love ya Mom <3, Are you on crack?, how can u hate a legend of zellda game u have no soul!!, I can finally see rated R movies by myself., missed it. What'd she play?, but he is old and married!, Y don't u answer a simple Question I posed 2 u ? Can a Muslim reject Quran or Hadith?, cool tell me how it is thinking about getting one, He's self-deporting., To all the single girls out there asking where the decent guys are : We're here.... In the friend zone..... Right where you left us..., Omg. I've been in love with Mark Ruffalo to a point where I think he's more attractive than Ramin Karimloo. SOMETHING ISN'T RIGHT., I guess I missed out on me and kellers famous hey tells last night, still on for 10:30 tomorrow?, Life is too short to ignore what your heart really wants..., I'm just like, "Uh number 1 I'm not Mexican and number 2 Cinco de Mayo is NOT Mexican Independence Day." People are so confused., Don't text me if you're not gonna carry on conversation., 2chains said you can look at him , you'n need cable, #GoSunDevils #FearTheFork are you ready to do some pushups?, Up at night, laying in my bed thinking of you. I wonder if by chance you are thinking of me too. </3, It will be a very cold start to the day today with sunrise temperatures in the teens. We are LUCKY. It's Nov. 17 and it's just getting cold., ye make sure to remind me, yep for sprint. The cali travel is mostly for promo work. Do you travel at all?, #liber2011 Becoming clear that LIBER week has become **the** annul week for senior library administrators across Europe., We are not in Dallas but we still love watching J. R. !, Keystone XL opponents are back on Capitol Hill dressed as referees. They're waving red flags while Rep. Shimkus pushes for #KXL, tax breaks., Lost Seth... Dammit..., no clue but huge amounts of parents pick up., Guess we know who the real 'Wolverine' is...Adamantium plated bones and all., Wasted entire day stranded in Swissvale w/ no internet getting car worked on. Taxes are done. Find out what I owe 2morrow. #HurtPieceWeek :/, Thanks to all our customers and fans for a freat 40 years! Will send you information soon on a new company that can do all we did and more., No guy ever asks for a picture in your sweat pants a t shirt.... That should change., ALL.THE.TIME, Kalil and Claiborne both rock so I'm happy for both my teams. Now the summer waiting season begins., Waking up at 5 study for 2 hours test then SLEEP, BITING THE SHIT OUT OF MY TONGUE, Well of course you do love! Thanks 4 the love! We LOVE LOVE LOVE YOUR SHOW!!! gaywesthollywood.com/2011/10/02/vid…, Track sent., RT : I will release the fury in Austin < Careful what you wish for!, This health fair is today!!!, Ready for Day 2 in Prague. 3 hour walking tour starts a jam packed day militantly organized by, These girls are hard work., "Tiger Woods and this place and this tournament get along like Don Draper and Nicorette." - Gene Wojciechowski, True, maybe start with someone slightly less voracious, we get to meet finally i think i'm going to puke, If Evans and Bruiser can hit open shots, the #Badgers will be tough to beat. Tonight, it was Evans' turn to shine., Expectorate SPUTUM! :), Well you know it should be 50/50, he makes plans half the time, maybe its your turn... HOT POTATO!! HOT POTATO!!!... lol, Hahah well starting Tuesday, you'll be seeing a lot of me at your casa. Don't get too excited!, it has been proven that when people read magazines they cant distinguish between editorials and advertisements. true & sad., gonna watch the midnight premiere of the hunger games., i would just saying, Just got my first paycheck since Feb 2010. Whew! THANK YOU #Interview #jobsearch (oh yea and I landed a dream job to boot), This year going by too fast , like yesterday we were picking out classes we want to take next year. Let's see what happens next., sign me up!!, MY LAND LORD IS A SCUM BAG., time for shots!, I gotta show I need a hype man to help, We think we've seen each other in passing at a show. Possibly. But I hadn't met David either and you encouraged that one., follow me & hes an amazing singer go and watch his videos on YouTube he's AMAZING and so are you :) plz follow, "the promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. that it can be good again."..., Slamball is cool, but I’m sure other sports could benefit from trampolines. Like, soccer or something. Which sports need trampolines?, It's cold out today !, I wish she were kidding about this. >> RT : I tried to get a birthday squirrel for you, but he escaped., the Lakers dropped steamers when they beat the nuggets., Signing off...time to put my slightly ill self to bed., I might not make much sense or money or progress, but I make a million excuses a day., Radek! Dude, honestly. I miss and love you., Spotted many Ergo carriers at the Great Cloth Diaper Change event today in Arizona!, when do the new classes get class sets?, Congrats to ! unless its a rumor but whatever...lol, I'm quite tired.. Therefore I shall go nappy :), Is there a real (not send off site) shoe repair b/t Pratt St. & N. Ave?, Could PD could give the 96,000 fixed incomers prob losing tax credit to China Hub their very own story re impact? Can't find., hi u should follow me plzs it like the 100 time i ask u and i think u should follow me, I was just gonna tweet you that!, Go Juliet!!!!! You need to stay! :D, Thx, Julia! RT : Good reporting by AP's shows it's hard to be evidence-based in arguing for or against..., I feel like a loser now, but I have my night centered around the draft, Fantastic group of gorgeous men & women showed up for our #taxes & money management workshop., #BackInElementarySchool i was a teacher's pet. i cried even when i got in a little trouble, Failure does teach you stuff, and as long as it's not on heavily used production machines I can tolerate it., Away from Denver but nice to have a few minutes to listen online to and on talk to, You're welcome :) You're always sweet to everyone. You're very legendary fan of Everyone loves Anthony :), Pam, how did I manage to miss you in B’more? Nice to see you and share stories over dinner, Bruce., Bounce bounce baby bounce back to mee, put punk hair dye in my hair yesterday, my hair is going to have blue and purple for 1-6 months :D we did hers to haha :), I just realized I was there for Carl Beane's first game, it was also my first game., Tomorrow is gonna be a year since I met my idol and inspiration, Oh my goodness. I'm gonna cry!, He won't say a mumblong word and neither will tennis press, Late for work! < Reason for being late ¢! No sleep all day; wtf am I gonna do! Hope it goes by fast., fuck those niggas tell her you love her, Anyone go to/will be going to #BeautyandtheBeast at the yet? We've seen a lot of you come through Moe's the past few days., oh my god this is so easy . My windows phone is actually faster then all of yourz. Weird, I love bein home PHOENIX BABY!, If everybody's thinking alike, somebody isn't thinking - Gen G. Patton, Bad night indeed. We're just sitting here waiting now. Supposedly be here within another hour., Chillin at work, knocking stuff out, thinking about our tour!, I never knew love would feel this fucking bad...., the skies were filled with fire, Sweet! Thanks., My bro in japan just sent my family a rlly big box stuffed to the brim with japan candy! I dont know japanese, but it looks rlly good!, yea yea, the biggest problem with the public school system is that funding is tied to property taxes, It's 9 pm.... Wine? Or coffee? ....decisions decisions, Where's my boyfriend, I feel your pain! #isitfridayyet?, Anybody know what's the cheapest way to get a SIM card for 2 weeks in the US? (nothing fancy, talk and maybe SMS), Avoid the temptation to spend, mind over matter., squealing like a fucking weirdo while grabbing your crotch and staring at me llike a chester is not going to get you my number.sorry., an artist named DAP, Ya i know so =) lets book events for this summer..i would do spring break but im already booked for Peru & Vegas., NORTH AMERICA IS FIRST. IM IN USA! OMG GUYS NEXT WEEK. AH IM FREAKING OUT HOLY. SOMEONE CATCH ME WHILE I FAINT., Feet in the creek. Drinking a snapple., At the gym today my iPod twice shuffled to BB King's 'The Thrill is Gone'. Hm., hA! "#Embarrasing" funny sis! But HEY, you get to see the hottest man alive: :), Dont ask why, and I'm sorry, but I don't think you get to apologize after you make a jackass of yourself, and make it all better. God help South Carolina., do we have a storyteller..honey badgers best team in the business, Love this song, I think has some of the most dedicated fans ever., How can you not like the taste of water?, is having a wonderful morning., turn yur heads bum, That means a tremendous amount to me. Thank you so much :) Very kind of you!, Hey Buddy :) How's Are Ya?, #LastTimeIChecked Your my teacher not my mom . so what makes you think im giving you my phone?, Ahh, Wheat Thins: The thinnest of all wheats, the wheatiest of all thins., Our new FB page just got set up facebook.com/notomorrowartists we need friends! Well have a stop motion movie up tomorrow!, I'm just going to say it - Tiger Woods is by far the most dominant athlete of our generation, and the scary part - he has a LONG way to go!, ... if you ruin the only thing a man cares about, what do you think the outcome will be?, Excited for your giveaway! I would love to try the miso glazed ahi tuna!, Wake up Vicki! Brooks is creepy as $&@!. And y is no one talking about Tamara & Briana wearing the same dept store dress?, Happy Mother's day to all of the women who mother...you're vital to the world. We appreciate you!, I don't normally want to "choke a bitch" but in her case...I'd like to take a hatchet to it!, gonna go look that up right now. Thanks!, Nigga, is you takin' notes on a criminal fucking conspiracy? What the fuck is you thinkin' man? - Stringer, "wide receiver Devon Still" ???? New prototype?, Last three possessions have been iso ball for Griz. Frustrating to see. They need to work the ball around., things went pretty good. But things could be better. Thanks for asking! :), dude, thanks! What are pals for?, Nice! RT “: As always, a great call with talking #24HOBINDY. They are excited to make this a great event for the community!, There's a Verizon guy pitching some people at Alterra… Ha! I do NOT miss that business..., Though a universal formula for success is difficult to come by, caution signs for failure are posted everywhere. ~Li Ka Shing, BOIII!!! when are u heading back to DALLAS!!!!! ???, Josh Hamilton 4 HR's in 1 game. Wow!, :D THINK YOULL LOVE IT SO MUCH! its on my neck, look ma no hands, Follow all the guys! and, Let's Get a win today my dude!, I believe that the niche support can evolve into something larger., RT : Not a single #1 in the Final Four. Don't let anyone else's ranking define who you are or what you can do., "This is like a Prince video." LMAO, first day on twitter.. lets see wht the fuss about.., "we dont care that Chris Bosh is gone" -everyone on the Miami Heat right now, I heard that and are having a baby in August and that amazing news to me, Just a rough night!!!, What movies did you see this summer that we just HAVE to show in the fall? New or old, indie or blockbuster, we'd love to hear your ideas!, Come see me at iBeach Chandler we have the BEST beds in town!!!!!, Never mistake motion for action., This Wendy lady that has a TV show scares the living sh*t out of me., Fair really effective under the rim!, Last day producing Live at 4 this week. Got some fun, different elements in the show today--a couple live interviews.. mixin it up!, Yo ! Are you at the game?, A Pimp Named Slick Back., thank you, I need me a boo-thang lbvs, I JUST WANT MY MOVIE TO LOAD, lol!! Was it that bad??, movies for you, It's not a "split screen" #Fox9 -- it's about 30% soccer and 70% your on-air talent pointing at weather graphics., loved seeing them beat Marquette. Coming from a #cuse fan living in Wisconsin!, Too early to pull out the Sharpie???, No Valentine, WOW!! Everyone should have severe, intense luv n their life. However, Luv is best when attracted not desired., Where do you find the time to go to the gym everyday?, I am what they say I am What they write about me say about me I am what you say I am Lucifer I am Your lying those mothafuckers are lying, Today we are guided to just be. Check in with your ¦. Check in with your feelings. Don't get attached to your story, start to flow., Keep in touch. With-in 60 days I will be sharing my Food Supplement@ High Fiber Cooie Mix. Papa Joe, Not doing shit for class, Enjoy your time at home. Things are going to be very busy for you as you go down this new road., " Happy mother day ", Chicago RT : where from?, Perhaps they could visit specialists in other schools; differentiated learning fir teachers., Wrung out., #YouKnowItsReal wen u feel lik u gotta b faithful to a person and u not even with them, Just went through the packers remaining picks. They only gave up their 4th rnd pick. Still have two compensation 4th rdrs right behind that, Young Writers: Check out , Billy Lombardo's global poetic collaboration. What does it mean to be young? Tweet us., As are we MT : Amber, super bummed about you having to withdrawl - hope all is well soon!, The NBA has gone down hill since they started letting soccer players play. #wnba has more dudes in it., yeah, not worth it.. im so excited my monster jam though!, I'm really getting sick of this phone not charging, LAUREN in the HOUSE!, haha, Thank you! (: x, #3WordsForYou please believe it, Scott Tucker Racing Pick up Their Lastly Consecutive Success This ..., Good Cause Today Is Ganna B A Great Day . No Cry Babies Allowed ., Finally on twitter, Nannies, don't forget to check out Facebook wall for great opportunities all over the East coast! Happy Monday!, oh hip hip hooray, three whole hours with Eddie?!?!........oh and you.., Can't sleep. And since I joined this last week or so I've been getting junk mail with porn. :(, Cooking a big homemade meal alone with my man :) lubbb youu hubby <3, re: your morey tweet. didn't you mean to ask mr. ferry that question?, Thanks for #FF mentions:, missed Waldo? When?, So...is there any part of California where it's not raining?, we'll bring the bar to you!!, Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist., Those are gooorrrgeous. AND RE:Juice? I LIVE DANGEROUSLY, ALRIGHT? XD, Just got home from the national half-marathon relay. Thanks Kathy and Hilary for a great team effort!, The post was taken from a syndication site is a part of, so we did not plagiarize. Credit is at bottom of page., Horrible way to start the day : Getting woken up by your credit card company calling you about how to avoid more late fees, Had fun at Big fan of 09 Cab and the Late Harvest Sauv Blanc. And, just really fun people, 5:12 and it is almost dark!, sinovic double hand pushed him down., Finalizing deal with Cox AZ to film Dialogue Series., Okay. Me jealous. I loves the mini putt putt, I was signed by a hollywood agent yesterday and today the sleeves got rolled up and its game on stay tuned its getting better, If only I can go to Port A and meet themm :(, Fresh prince too funny!!, that's day 7 & 8 not in Chicago., It's already 9?!?? I thought it was 7>.<, I am impressed with this Los Angeles kings team, This is officially the dumbest group of people to ever play the game of, Will you be there? It's setting up to be the largest attended thus far!!, ok so maybe Miami will sweep New York in first round series., Awww, Im fresh out of banannas., Now throw strikes dammit and get yourself a complete game Garza!, Yeah, I think that's where the $8 average comes in. The coasts charge $10 - $12 and everywhere else comes in at $5-$9, have a show at the Hard Rock tonight! Hope to see you there!, can't believe I just heard of you and your band today. You guys sound awesome!! You have a great voice!!, I'll walk away from a situation before entertaining, Is it the job I think it is??, Well that was short and sweet thanks for playing Pitt lol, Tribe v. Jays this afternoon at Progressive Field 1:05p, 1st type the reminder & touch "done" then edit it & set the initial time & touch done again, then u get the repeat option, Man that was a hell of a show! Got 2 see walk by us! Daughter says she looks like female prince! :), Wow. #Bills hang on, but it sure wasn't pretty. 31-24 game over., woke up this morning feeling good hope this happy moment last, I feel like FAB brushed it off and the real topics weren't touched...outcomes=how can we as artist contriube past music, can't get it to open :( “: just sent you the funniest face book pic ever... in a private message”, Bunting our way to the World Series!, Feeling ambivalent about my exams this week... I feel like I might be prepared, but at the same time I'm afraid I'm being complacent :/, My timeline won't load..-_-, hi! recovery is going really well, i'm walking w/out crutches :) just keepin' it real in cleveland. how's chi?, The Joy of Painting or Xavier? Hm, Haha! RT : don't get all Woodward and Bernstein on him and scoop it for the Post, Showcase went amazinly well :), I'll get the MD liquor lobby pays well!, "It's a warlock..... Or a witch ... Or a vampire. I don't fucking know.", I just woke up sneezing. I feel violated., No sweep as the Nationals defeat the Pirates 4-2., The awkward moment when ur talking to ur cousin about how smooth ur legs feel after shaving and ur bro asks if guys sometimes shave legs too, Thank god the patriots lost!!!, Nope I Have A Little Brother, damn... Probably gonna spit in it huh? XD, I'm still waiting for us to be able to put our own faces on the front! Even if it's just so we could print and enjoy :-), Good suggestion. That and academia.edu., <3 Lolita! Do you have one of those tiny victorian hats :3?, #Leafs goal song now playing. Didn't hear it enough late in the campaign., For those of you celebrating the holiday today: happy Passover., How do u get moving pic?, Can I take you out for a drink while you're in SF? Our neighborhood is crawling w/ folks in GDC badges and I'm totally jealous, omg where? I'm by the flowersb, i got yo money nigga. ion preciate you sending yo friends to shoot at me and my homeboy., don't tell me anything - I haven't read it or seen it yet., As soon as Chuck starts playing Skyrim, it's all I want to play. Even though I got the new Assassin's Creed las night!, Pitching coaches get it too. RT : Why are hitting coaches always the fall guys? Why not bench coaches? Or third base coaches?, #NowPlaying Just A Friend -, Oh Where oh where can I find a construction loan? Still hard to find unless the fundamentals of your site work as a rental., Bella is every girls first name!, The other day I saw a dealer put the flop out before dealing anybody cards. In his def it was tourney and antes were collected., happy valentines day peoplez hope it starts great mine has just began, Bitch please., only bc my inner merch girl came out and safety pinned the front of my dress up so I wouldn't trip!, Great Saturday for sports... now it's back to work..., you guys played a great game just gotta improve in the red zone, like the way matt moore played looks better than henne, So its Fathers Day,and i dont even get to spend it with mine because he got called into work,But #HappyFathersDay to all the amazin Dads!!, I like the website redesign… just noticed it. Pleasing and well done., thanks for follow!, giving up bogeys for lent, THANK YOU!!! You give me a #FF Mention and my whole day brightens-what can I do for you in return?, Got a case of the monday blues? Come into the shop and get pierced or tattooed! It'll cheer you up in no time! 206 329 8274, #GoodNight everybody!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>, Sweet. You've got connections!, I am DYING to read Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail by -That #book seems perfect for my #memoir fettish., UW Coach Bret Bielema said he thinks RB John Clay looks like the John Clay we saw vs. Ohio State. Bielema was interviewed today in Cali, thats a great question .. when does the keg of arrive??, Yes, completely!, i really like it! im listening to it on spotify now :) and yah ill definitely do that, Accessioning madness all up in here, Received my awesome swag from today!! Thank you!!, Getting ready for our free week show on sat 1/7, yo my dude, Hey Louis! Just wanted to say 1. youre amazing 2. hope youre doing well 3. I love you <3 :), THANK GOD! JEAN DUJARDIN of THE ARTIST WON!!!! Suck That brad pitt & george clooney!, MT : ...big game at the Bradley center tonight. U don't wanna miss the girl singing the anthem either, You can be on TheJoeShow the original., What's the worst thing you're likely to find in the school cafeteria?The food!, Omgomgomgomg. I can't believe followed me <21 ah., MAGGIE! I dang miss you too.. like, A LOT. I hope your summer is going awesome!!!!! :D, #FF Some of my fav #health tweeps! Happy Friday!, just constantly surprised by the things I learn about myself that I never knew...they're all right here on twitter!, Make me your friend on facebook and Ill send you songs. Love to sing to you! Mrsingfranktony, 2006 Caduceus...red wine from AZ., When did mystical sign wit CASH MONEY??, Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to., Thanks to our new Albuquerque followers!!, pulling out all my weird election day superstitious rituals, praying wins tonight at the awards. big love, chef, well Faith, its a party that 10 beautiful girls throw to launch our homies denim line! & bc we can! RT what is #WASTEDattire ?, From American Idol to ABDC, All the things I cant do cx, Barely got in to Kristina Halvorson's talk on Content Strategy. SRO. 2nd session added for the 130 people who couldn't get in., I meant to dedicate my 1000th tweet to since she gave me the Twitterbug, but I missed it... So, here's my 1002nd to you Kales!, Bouncy Easter eggs, psychedelic spinny things, Pink Floyd..., Never get jealous when u see ur Ex with someone else cuz we were told to give are used toys to the less fortune!!, sharing oranges & strawberries last year at lunch lmfao >>>, Our Wednesday Wine Tasting is moving to tonight for this week only. We will have Ed from Edward Sellers here showcasing 6 magnificent wines, Once you live ya life & stop living everyone elses! Its a Happier place. Choose ya Destiny..., “: Oh, you take an RV with you on a camping trip? You big outdoorsman you.” or your ideal car, Its cool though, we were clowning so its good haha. How you feeling today though?, Indeed. RT : Get ready and breakfast on train. Very fine and we wish we could always live on the train., Rather annoyed to have to get on my plane right as the hockey game is getting started.., Tellingly, he is a real estate agent..., im startin to feel all dope, Please tweet your answer to this tweet with #trollintuesdays in it please! What's your favorite viral video?, NO YOU BE QUIET OKAY?, follow fellow USC alum - wonder if he took any Gero courses?, happy 4 meryl, but my fear is that Viola may not get another role. roles are scare for people of color, esp. women of color, hanging out in the chiquitos I worked in 15 yrs ago in my NW Lundun hood!!! Old skool!!! Memories...memories...memories ;-), Feeling fat. Lawd., Call Me ASAP :) Its About Bayleighs Party ., I love how grizzled Johan Franzen is! Definition of tough., Super excited that my bother was hanging out at the 1st EVER White House poetry event with Barack, Michelle and the girls. Go Poetri!!!, Stop by Hot Bird tonight if you're around! Will be there for birthdayness from 11:30 on., Baskin Robins had some sort of deal for $0.31 today or something!, Frying the prime rib tonight, genius!!, Our nap much too long, Old black tomcat licked my nose Roughly with fish breath., gosh we were just talking on the phone and ur so mean im fina talk to christian, Hey #PHX - we have a friend looking for some #tweetups anything going on out there?, That's all I needed to know, Maybe. I think she did it to make our parents happy. She actually works w/special needs kids, but she has the theology degree, You're *clearly* a most EXCELLENT Mum. ;), to :" to stop selling feature phns & #Symbian #smartphones in US, Canada."Consumers stopped buying years ago., Hey!!! U guys im bak #GOODMORING :), Try an implicit association test rgr.cc/w82nR9 to determine your prejudice to the environment around you., Putting my swim suit on and my hoochie shorts and sitting down by the lake with a book!, I bought a Kala after #JCCC1 and have been very pleased., hey bo!, Eating Nuts Reduces Total Cholesterol and LDL, Good morning! :), thanks for the #ff tweet!, What a beautiful white wonderland at Tahoe! We are so blessed to be here, but we miss our baby girl Emma being here with us <3, What? Labor violations at factories?? No way. RT : Labor violations uncovered at iPad factories, Y'all know what I mean by Whiskey Tango Foxtrot? ;), #GrandMa told me a #story about folks #passing once, Faruq. She wouldn't do it. No, sir., made some updates to the twitter page, we've got a new design up!, DirecTV stopped airing FOX59 at 11:59 pm Sat.,March 31,2012, If your thinking about switching to DirecTV why take the risk of missing FOX59?, Fill in the blank: Today would be perfect if __________., Oh my bad sorry, seeing peace around you. Spirit their is no limits. Allow love. Try doing something for someone else. It is a great way to shift, not joining tonight, but may join on Tuesday at for Tech & Entrepreneurship Power #Network!, my friend likes all the same bands as you, Good luck to the Bills rookies at minicamp today, Damn, the things I would do for a steak right now....., RT : “Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.” – Robert Brault, A professor being late to his own class final? Only at Clatsop..., NP RT : Both the book and DVD actually helped me back when I could still play, thank you!, Just put it on and in 90 seconds saw an alley oop, a jumper and a put back dunk that was ridiculous. Kid is a talent, Im just tired of being let down, bah. I think it would keep NY reeling., Friendly reminder - don't buy any tix for tonight's Counting Crows show over face value ($45), we routinely cancel scalper tix!, Image to pdf Converter GUI Command Line discount:, thinks I found a new favorite artist, if your not up on Chocolate, look her up. You won't be dissapointed!, Already in NOLA for #scms11? Come to "SCMS Online" workshop (A8) and tweet up some smart backchannel to get the ball rolling, Not as much as I love you ;), Finally back to school! I'ma be honest, I missed having something to do... Time to find out if I made it into Women's Choir(:!!!, So anxious to get today started!! Gonna find something fun yet fulfilling to do!! I'll follow that up with a healthy dinner. Life is good :), Send some my way so I can prove you right, And from crazy boardrooms to a cry fest with Army Wives. Gotta love Sunday night TV lol., The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com you have to register to gain full access to all the live games enjoy!!!, it is kristigail (at) hotmail (dot) com. Thank you! :), come to The Hudson, Thank you Dallas! I missed a few of you, but all in all it was a great weekend. Hope the photos bring you all much success, Idc what anyone yes.. Adele never gets old. <3, welcome to my new fans on twitter, my space, reverbnation and face book!, thanks :) I love you too <33, You ain't got enuff money!! get big!, what if I'm the one who's over her house when your not! Theres a lot she doesn't tell you Jackie ;), I earned the Keep It Up badge on Lose It!, chick fil a (:, on : Top HCM challenges in '12 center on Agility - 2 balance need 4 profitable growth & skills shortage, Freakish. The first of the asparagus in the garden is about 2 days away from being ready to harvest. Three to four weeks early., Wizards Guild tonight with ! No Cover. We open at 9., RT ": We want to see your #BEATLA posters! Send us one & we may send you to Game 6 tomorrow night!”, yes! thanks lol, Thanks Teresa for sharing Jenna's post! Hope it helped :-), Are there casting calls for "most ignorant MF'as" on Fox News or am I expected to believe its a coincidence?, My life is in boxes. Last thing to be packed is this laptop.... Movers coming in 12 hours..... It's go time!, Tramontana back with the #packers.....Tramontana......yea, Ahhhmm, we're not doing that anymore., Hubby has to go to an Army training in VA. Flight is supposed to leave at 11 AM. This will be interesting., Yep! Good thing is showing another episode... is this old or new? Why haven't I seen it if it's not new?, I sometimes get to talk knitting with patients, Rant Sport is looking for NBA bloggers for #Mavericks, #Lakers, #Knicks If interested, send direct message to, Happy Holidays from Pink Banana Theatre!, RT“: Throwin a party friday or saturday dont know yet”<<<im commin!, Get that keeper off the field. RED CARD for annoyance., if you've never experienced the thrill of spending Thanksgiving tagging empty shopping malls w/ buy nothing day stickers, you haven't lived, people don't understand that this is the internet and you can't take anything anyone says seriously, Here's hoping Miguel Cotto beats Mayweather but highly highly unlikely., I remember that day,we laughed under the spray..we shared such bliss & our 1st kiss, on the Maiden of the Mist..Over the falls in a barrel.., them niccas holla how u do that there..., Too lazy.. Yoga pants again, yes!!! Great to connect here!, It's taking everything in me not to make the first move, FOUR DAYS TILL PAYCHECK VIDEO!!! Woop!! :D, are you serious ., Had a good day today! :), Happy New Year from, When it comes to business success, it's not about the resources, it's about the resourcefulness of the entrepreneur., Appreciate the post share - - Have a great weekend!, I respect and listen to a lot of less melodic abstract work, but even then I want variations not based in white noise., Critical Thinking: It's not just for scientists., NY agency mixer! Check your email!, Lol RT LOLL RT : Andrew Bynum looks like he pees between parked cars, A blend of original, traditional and contemporary string music www.daveandsteveduo.com, Hi Dolls. Totally sick! I can barely lift my head. No cocktail lounge today :( talk to you soon., "God is so good to me.....I'm truly favored and highly blessed...." - Loretta Divine, you really don't care about me., that's what we called receptionist at Office Suites Plus in Lexington, your show tonight in Everett was epic!, It is not! For your info only, So bored at lunch with no one to talk to., “: "A decision today changes tomorrow forever." - John Di Lemme”, I'm just going to have to eat a big bowl of pasta and watch some TV until I'm tired again..., you did... and i noticed it a few minutes ago, please follow me!!! you are my life, i would be the ground you walk on!!!!, Head down to and grab your 2011 Program Book! So you know what day our film premieres, both GT's in one pic lolol, Don't work out when pissed. End up lifting more than u should., #YouShouldNot leave a girl waiting because she will eventually get tired of it & move on ., Thank you for following us. We will see you soon. Happy New year!, I am tweeting this because I just looked at how many tweets I have sent and it was #666. #truestory. So what. Now it's 667., lmao "Prove you're #BGC " hahahahaha I don't think us three ever need to prove someone might get hurt, just like you, I made my phonee tell mee when ppl mentions me, so imma be on all the time noww! Heheh ^_^, Thanks Gonzalo, a great job done today. Thanks for the insight on speech writing, Trying to not go to bed to early but want to pass out. Oi., Some chicks live in crop jackets.. smh, hahaha no too much work lol, (c) and i bought ONLY 2 tickets for me and my friend and she is 14 and by the time of the concert i will be 14 to so idk, To our good friend who suffered a bad knee injury, get well soon sir :), Sent you an email! I promise you can be doubly as harsh on my intro video., there are still six pounds of termites for every one pound of human on the planet.... we're good....., no i still could, i wont be able to kill it like i use to, nice Ryan R. dig in Castle! Ad-lib, or are the writers really that cool?, What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you, And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're ok, thinking about making another music video... wonder if anyone might be up for drinking in a bar sometime...., Not to overdo it, but this chair's address is making me feel all warm and powerful inside. Seriously, this is why we come to, omg your so cute!:3, Is it right to be offended by the fact that a lady who works at Total Wine doesn't know the difference between an amber ale and an IPA?, really doe rhea, #follow - - you won't be dissapointed., I gotta tell the World about it !, It's almost impossible for me to stay positive anymore. Guys, the stupid people are winning. They are kicking our asses. I'm not kidding., Tune in 2 DJ R Skwared no commercials pure music to get ur morning/day/workout going believe me it worx download r free app search NFN Radio, Reading some boring book in english..., “: I just remembered I deleted my MySpace, so sad. #rip” I tried logging on to AIM to see what my "info" was, just got back.friends bday. Can't wait til tomorrow, only 7-8 hours left! See u then...Are u ready!?, I can't wait. 2 more hours till #celebrityapprentice & but I couldn't wait. The suspense is KILLING me., 145 Brook Meadow Lane- Great Modern Home on Corner Lot- Liberty 145000 - bath vanity combo, Shop Online anytime JCWestern Wear.com, THE BIRD IS THE WORD AND THE WORD FROM THE BIRD IS, FASHION WEEK HITS DENVER!!! SEPTEMBER 27TH THRU OCTOBER 1ST., Yikes. Sorry to hear that you're frustrated., Off to knoxville this week for the Indiegrrl conference & festival!!, cool i just got back from eating, the slow red fox hopped over the tired dog., Singing this morning!, It's about that time to start whooping ass!!!, 70 degree weather all week in march. Spotted Cow draft in hand. Maybe I should move back., Why is that a graduation ceremony has that one boring,pointless can not speak talks about personal/political agenda?, wrote a blog post about #lunch #lines www.inlinewaiting.com, Me neither. I took pity on him. Then again, this is a man who manages to look rumpled in a tuxedo so only so much I can do, it was lovely to see you too!! I can't wait to see your showcase :), i hope dis not as borin as facebook...., & really make me question their sanity. I'm scared for this poor man. lol., Looking forward to a great day.. game then to for Zoo A La Carte. Goin for the sweep today.. Go #Brewers!, That is NONE of your business Dempster., omg 4.89 Here in south Florida, #askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <33, Russell Brandt / Katy Perry. This makes me sad. :(, So far this is not being reported by the BBC., LMAO like she thought this was some kind of a field day or sum, reemerge? I never went anywhere., Do not loose focus of the reason #God called you. If you stay focused you will be, Anxiety is often driven by our negative thoughts. Try replacing those with positive thoughts, it will help improve your outlook and mood!, At the Ithaca Farmer's Market this morning, someone had FIVE different kinds of gooseberries, and probably 4 of currants. Gooseberries 4 me!, Go Rangers!! We believe!!! <3, My rental car smells like Maui sunshine and suntan lotion. Perfect! Ah Summer, You guys are so cool., What do you think: what does rejection of downtown Milw as an HQ site say about the city?, follow me back fool, what video, We really appreciate you supporting independent music., Doing pretty good enjoying some down time and watching the Stanley cup :), is that your WoW name? Excelsior?, Nothing like a Paris Flea market! Love all your finds!, You have covered The Sox a tiny bit though, any thoughts on Franconia getting fired? Respect your opinion on all sports., We offer bulk discounts so if you do choose to start your juniors on products call the office to purchase for best deal, Thanks all for sharing and Nathan for the roundup!, thanks- happy Friday!, another month and ur back right?, I'll get through this day with FLYING colors. Bless-up, I don't know how I just got over 200 followers since this morning but thanks... whoever you are! It may take a while to follow everyone back, Starbucks > school .. 2:48 couldn't come any sooner., I think The Daily Show's Jessica Williams wants to be my second plural wife., I pray for the day that cancer is just a zodiac sign<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> I'm only almost 15 & I have known many ppl with cancer in my life..., I'll pass it along! Thanks! And glad we'll see you at #PDXCSTS2012!, That awkward moment when you try to jump into a conversation and you get completely ignored., thanks, If there is a unit cap say it up front. Now the ME is isking me to cut 1/3 of the plot., thx for hosting!, I saw nicolette!(:, Got my blog up...now gotta figure out what to say..LOL!, Happy Leap Day! Use it wisely!....To Tivity and Beyond!!!, Thanks for the tip!, you have an inspiring #cancer story! What did u do for fun during your #treatment to keep such a great attitude?, Haha. Pretty rad down here. Show's pretty much over, about to sneak up to Moe Bar for a drink., is awesome as Kelly's Co-Host on today! Its great to see them play off each other! Awesome job, Josh!, I second that vote, why can't I find the "YOU DON'T SAY" photo of noyes when I need it.., jealous bcos some1 said hey......How sick r u?..., Enjoy the last night of the long weekend with Happy Hour!, Happy Monday everyone! We hope you had a great week, tell us what you did this weekend to, its gone to be warm here in Dallas tomorrow highest 60f...yess!!, Great snack idea! RT : I love frozen grapes!, That's awesome! Great work!, Life may not be the party we hoped for, but as long as we're here we might as well dance., Not as bad a Monday as I thought it would be. Now home to study!, have also enjoyed your tweets!, I just txted you, Back on the grind after a long weekend...gym in a little can't wait, Willis: interesting typography in silent cinema: college chums (Porter, 07), Anemic Cinema (Duchamp, 24) and Blood of a Poet (Cocteau, 30), I don't know if you'd agree but, Goodell is punishing people willy nilly with no rhyme or reason. Maybe it's just me though, how are you cutie on duty?, #np Only Wanna Give It To You - Elle Varner ft. J. Cole, love it!, So you want me to extract the part of your performance from the show and send you the video?, Muldoon Pizza waitress: "Do you guys remember how many beers you had? You drank us out of Michelob light.", Yikes...I hope not., The Anchor Bar would like to THANK EVERYONE who came out yesterday and had a great St. Patty's day with us.., ok! if you want syphilis and gonorrhea go right ahead!! Lol, I have serriousss issues, man., candles, soup, movies, and blankets., haha i thought it was pretty funny. What are you doing over the break? just kickin it?, This mifflin mess is very interesting. Gotta love social media., RT #SteveJobs portrait for It was a true honor to be asked to do another portrait for Adweek and even more..., your momma let you date, baby? ;), #blessed indeed!!!, I did, "Don't torture yourself over the past. Use it as a teacher. Because whatever happened to you in the past, has only prepared you for now", Welcome back 8 hours of sleep. I have missed you all week, Hope to see you all in New Orleans at #SGIA! AnaJet Booth # 1345, Let the fear of failure go. It will clog up the areas where inspiration belongs., I really want some jalapeno crunchers., Bought a bag of banana flavored Tints, it's what #jesus would have wanted for me., happy to see gave you a #FF shoutout! glad to follow you! :-), C'mon, get it together !, You sweet, Ted. :-) As for video, Jordan, you'll have to imagine., Where should I stay in San Francisco? says that you can give me a free room. :), well we played like garbage today n still competitive, can't hold T Law down all series, game on, Imma bout to choke the shit outta her!!!!!!, PR observation of the day: There are obvious social classes in society. Can someone choose to better themselves? Or does it repeat itself?, My brother just got an assist in his hockey game- winning 7-0!!, I knew I should have went to Mercy, Gift was pretty cool for 1 tix, Also, the final MGOLF match before the Championships is underway at Bishops Bay in Middleton. Head out to watch!, Amazing how delicious pastry can be so coercive., He said sucking dick for some shoes isn't gay ..............let me stop, bastards didn't even buy me a martini! Pfffffffft, Not WSET- Court of Master Sommeliers!, wait lol I can't fight my sleep goodnight (:, ah- yes please!, Dinner tonight? A slow roasted fresh ham with a thick fat cap and a #ramp gremolata!, Finally getting around to watching Downton Abbey., #makesmelaugh when my friendd just sits down nxt to me and strts eatingg a balloon tht she got off the floor. is she rlly tht hungry.?, My mom keeps trying to get me into religion..., Start the day off w/ a bang and eat #breakfast w/in 1 hour of waking up. Great idea: cereal w/ 5+ grams of fiber, greek yogurt, blueberries, Driving back from Vegas to LA. Should be back around 7 or 8 pm., My music understands me better than anyone #Vibin ., now that commish onboard, when will they decide on expansion. ESPN/CBS want to know if UofL still in BE before new deals done, 35 Students from Edison Student High School are out here at #WCULASO. Edison is in the house!, FOLLOW ME, Choose what the item is from the dropdown list, pick a color and brand, and you're done! You can always edit it if you mess up :), Oregon Ducks tennis preparing to smash UCSB tennis this weekend, we betting on this?!, whoaxxxx dats cool i was once staying in england lol so wat school yhu go to x, No ppl can b bound 2 acknowledge & adore the Invisible Hand which conducts affairs of men more than those of the United States.-G.Washington, Follow he got some interesting tweets that you wouldn't even think of., Presented at "Preservation Matters" event at Nat'l Archives this weekend. Great audience w/lots of questions. Preservation starts at home!, Only in L.A! On "Shahs of Sunset, " billionaire client Mohamed is building a $60,000,000 home and they're using pre-fabricated fireplaces., Thanks so much, Grace Point Church! We had so many World Vision kids sponsored at the retreat!! You rock!, can u follow me pleez?, "Kai, Last of the Brunnen-G, is an undead assassin on the science fiction television show Lexx." - Wikipedia., really- are you at panel now? Looking into it.., haha. Why's that?, love to see a pic of this knowing that you are not a dress kind of girl..... Have a great day, Did everyone enjoy their extra hour of sleep? I enjoyed my extra hour of crocheting :), :( RT both kids' lang arts teachers made prnts do grammar exercises at curric night. talked much more abt grammar than reading, Am I the only one that thinks drake is off beat on No Lie?, Maybe I'd get more work done on my play if I told myself I could only write 140 characters at a time!, Playing records tonight with Dixie & Sean! Also will be there to serve up ding dong sauce!, you're everywhere!, Watched #twitter101 from and thinking about the possibility of using it for live anonymous brainstorming in a ILT, yes! My son is so much cooler than half the people I know! :-), Enjoying some yogurt at, and are presenting Beyond the Storm a film focusing on the post Katrina women of New Orleans!, You're the lowest type, Can you tweet a photo or two to me so we can see what it's really like there this morning at auditions?, oh fun, Emotional eating can sabotage your weight-loss efforts, Nothing like a photo shoot to get my mind off of things <U+E008><U+E424><U+E31D> <U+E253>, good luck boo, U NEED TO BE DOING YO WORK!!, Re-energized after the Global Pickup Conference here in #DC. Look for a lot of new exciting things from Awesome Institution!, RT Louisiana House Ed committee begins debate on anti-bullying bill., k you should;), Had a great time with my daughter. Also a good nights rest, whats good new followers, dam its been one hell of a week drama filled but fun. Get money, At the YNPNdc Anniversary celebration, and learned that YNPNdc serves 8500 members in DC each year. Umm...awesome!, The new at Calvert and Pratt is apparently the new hangout for teens. #notFeelingThe Crowd, it's no official yet but yes same band members different band name., you're an interesting group. Some healthy skepticism. Let's see where this goes ..., shadow man any1 else ever see a "shadow man"? ;P, haha just enjoying one the few scoring outbursts the A's we'll have this season, 2 words: SPELL CHECK. If one more jabroni tweets how OBAMA is dead instead of OSAMA I will personally revoke your TV Privledges (minus CNN)., Congrats to our home town LA Galaxy on bringing home the MLS Cup!, Great to hear! What are you writing about?, and i got a gf, Apparently NASA has web crawling needs.., the same, living this college life...ready to come home doe, I wish I wasn't so full so I could get a turtle sundae!, I didn't boo Michelle Obama at the NASCAR race because of politics. It was that dress - it's awful! And those shoes and that coat, jeez., Yippie... I am at 2000 friends! (cause I'm a friend Hoarder!), next up is Google Phone 7, Los Angeles Wins Again!, My LB and his wife got me great Bday Gift! I can wait to wear it tomorrow, y the sad face??? I will be back, I've got a golden twinkle in my eye, Visit at starting tomorrow for great deals on best-selling UPK titles!, The Vow is on DVD May 8th O.O I must buy it!!!, I respect everybody until you give me a reason not to..., that's amazing! I'll miss seeing you all this year., Dean is just a stupid mofo that can't learn! All selling his soul and stuff then getting killed after John died to save him, So then why do teachers punish you when you get into trouble if you are only learning, which is exactly what they want you to do?, Who wants me to put a photo of my balls on Instagram? Because I'll do it., VCU at 6pm and DUKE tips at 7. Oh what a night!, there's so much more I wish I could be doing, true, although now my hair is cyclamen. I'm planning a return to the purple, though! too, No matter how far I go,and no matter how long it takes, no one or nothing can change. Forever yours here I stand!, RT if you're down with, wanted to tell you, I had skin cancer in exact same spot., The stupid idiot Johns. co sheriff is going 2 try & tell me the BEES flew away w/10-12 " piece of bees wax n tow; does that tell U anything?, Rep. Cusack: "I am thankful that the Speaker’s office has acted swiftly in confirming that no inappropriate behavior occurred.", So I figured I would flirt with all the attractive older men on twitter. Celebrity and non. You know I like the 30's age., Watching nightmare on elm street... #randomashell... idk if I can't take these terrible graphics much longer.., Home at last!! Today has been one of those days that EVERYTHING goes wrong. Bad haircut, lost license, broken AC, and hiccups., Beak masks, no longer just for the black plague also for stinky dogs, #SoLoMo can expand horizon. Social brings discovery through most passionate users, Here we go ready to attack Thursday, several meetings and more MusicMaster., #mariners are terrible with RISP today...., / thanks for the mention / retweet!, seeking input on web-scale discovery services: anyone willing to answer a few ?'s about Ebsco Discovery Service, ExLibris Primo, or Summon?, I miss you!!! Have fun in Rochester!!, I'll shock D from time to time in memory of you., OLS wants to emphasize re-use of data bein generated., if you have a choice go with the iPhone.... Unless you're really accident prone haha! :), back in nyc. THE GOOD SPOT LA was killer! now rock with me at Pink Elephant tonight!, Nick Cannon has the charisma of a catheter insertion., Remember if you smoke after sex youre doing it too fast., It's only punishment if you post pictures of yourself in the dress. Otherwise it's just a light and airy day., Making the Rangers look pathetic! Bout time, Wait, cold stone or corner stone? Either way you are fucked! It's gonna come outta your ass or your mouth! Haha!, Going on a spiritual journey this summer, my phones fucked up just message me on here, Had great evening last night improvising with jazz piano great Donal Fox chez nous, Same here...that was unnerving to say the least. RT EARTHQUAKE! MY HOUSE IS SHAKING!, you should follow us back connor (: ~dannah, I freaking love him... lol, TCQPS applying to be a Partnership for Patients engagement contractor. TX hospitals: are you on board? Please tell us:, “: I went to a dubstep concert last night, he was so good and I bought a dubstep shirt and dubstep signed it for me!!!1” YES, Canoed today. Have a monkey bead in my dreads. And as always.... I like pina colodas!!!!!, "The soul of the sluggard craves and gets nothing, while the soul of the diligent is richly supplied" (Proverbs 13:4, RSV), wish they would run that livery all year. Those blacked out bikes are sikc, Q2. Companies integrate mobile w/in multi-channel mix in a holistic way achieve 49%greater sales trans vs. non-mobile mix, If you live in the #ATL and want some #FREE FOOD on May 19th reply to this tweet to get an RSVP invite., inking pages for kids book series.. one more book almost done! :), your welcome :), The way to Manage a Skid in an Entrance Wheel Push Car ..., previous tweet courtesy of, The #story, if he tried to tell it now, would move away from the causal, like all mater, dark and light, from the trauma of creation., Who has seen #TheLuckyOne ?, We have even more sponsors on board fro some great prizes. Thanks to Girl.Bike.Dog for some awesome custom messenger bags!, Trust is vital to success! We're glad you took that message away from, it was a pleasure speaking with you today, hanging out with my family in VA can u call me cause my phone screen is fucked up, Working out of the New York office this week. What's up?, Have faith in God; God has faith in you., I texted youu, u should most defiantly text back, that would make my day, :), where's senior elite <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>, No((: RT : I wonder if works tonight? :), #traveltip always check the hotel room 2x before you checkout!, Good morning,, i jus wanna leave., #Xvideos takeover is going to well its like emails won't stop coming lol.., Didn't know this until now: 3.5 million US jobs depend on advertising mail! WOW #print #mail via, I've been tasked with creating videos. I'm all about it. As long as I can join the fun, let's DO IT!, Ugh, I'm going to be here all damn day!, you know I don't do that, "It's gonna be a long hot summer, we should be together", thank you! I shall sleep well, unless my butt or tail starts itching again...goodnight & sweet dreams to you too! <3, its great, I would say St. Louis might be a better choice than Nashville., Don't think just because I like this my next read will be Danielle Steele ;), Stayed at the school all day today !!! tired !, "The instinct of reverence for the Unknown is implanted in all human life." - Manly P Hall, Hoping everything works out for the best. I guess it just wasn't my time., Im soo sorry about your mother. Keep doing what you love. Make your mother proud and just know she is looking out for you., Tonight is the night I finally start my taxes. Ick. Bleh. GAH!!!!, Thank You! :D, : RT : Rivera said he decided in his hotel room last night that this isn't the end. "Miracles happen," he said, Milwaukee Habitat volunteers! Tell about how your volunteer to help our partner families to help us win $1,000, I love being a bitch with, A man is a worker. If he is not that he is nothing. -Joseph Conrad, Why risk the block or the bad snap when you can run it in from he 1/2?, Much appreciation to Pittsburgh! You guys are the best!!! Thanks for the follow, oh come on, you don't bid $1 when you're the FIRST one bidding!, HEY THERE, Margaret Nelson wonders who is attracted to idea of "attachment parenting." She says it reflects cultural anxiety about women in labor force, intense if the new president wouldn't have been running his mouth about stuff that he doesn't know. He is treating the students like they, i think that still means it's vegan, I will and oh deff (:, bout to hit da tattoo trap soon, I like girls with low self confidence...they don't bully me., nest chair rocks!, Follow my New Friend she follows back, olympics in less than a month! Can't wait to watch it!, I'm as fuzzy as a peach!, have to snicker at the "hashtag of record" notion, archiving notwithstanding. ;) See y'all tomorrow morning., boyyyfrieeeeeend video, I need you, NOW!, "Doing it right" goes out the window when the guy who deserves "dignity & respect" makes >20MM/yr., RIP Mike Wallace. You truly were an icon and will be missed., Wow they just gave it away again!!, you will lol [:, WARNING!!! If there is a Zombie Apocalypse, and they end up chasing us...I'm tripping you!, “Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.” — Coco Chanel, Come on Pacers keep ...it..up!!!!, thank you boo, Thirsty as. :I, Eating is not very Chanel-like behavior., Let's do this! RT Ready to go watch this fight..and game with and et al, Send me your email if you want invite RT : excited to try #pintrest! Read about it 2x in 24 hours!, Always falling but knowing someone is right there to catch you :), Women ignore the men that adores them but continue to adore boys that ignores them!!!! This is something I will never understand...., Make sure to check out the last 2 days of shows! We're not broadcasting on Friday due to Suffolk's reading day., it's too late, I'm off to sleep. Count yourself lucky., awesome! We hope you enjoy the blog!, in home for sure, Like/love my Tweets or leave them, but quit the back and forth following. It's getting tiring., hahaha can't wait!, has recorded at least 1 ast in 99.7% of his career reg. season gms (675-677). This puts him just ahead of Larry Bird among non Gs, OMG monica that is so not true blondes take all of those categories :) #TeamBlondes !!!, Likely the Giants and bettors are lol at Belechiks questionable list. #seenthat & what losers wants to watch one check in a hotel?, got it!, You know what I havn't said in a while?Cockblocker. Okay, I feel better now 8^), C'mon i want an NBA season:( dont look like it though!, SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS....!!!, Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it", time for the end of summer party at tavern on green nyc. then after party at citrine nyc:), STOOOOPPPPPPP! :'( CAN'T BELIEVE I'M MISSING OUT :'( :'( :'(, Thanks, Jarrad. Hope you're following Dave Brock; he's an Amazing man!, is my kind of woman! Gorgeous and funny! Her show is El Oh El funny. I dig it., Acting class was a hoot. I was given a monologue from Don Juan Demarco. I performed it slow, fast and over the top. Hadn't seen the movie., ... and then go over to #AmexBestBuy and buy a new flat screen tv., Ever since u got that birth control shot u been fuckin up a storm any and everybody..now u in walgreens lookin for the best vaginal cream, just finished composing the message. it'll be going out this afternoon., #citizendiplomacy needs your help too: Congress proposing cutting Cultural Affairs budget. Don't let em!, I thought would like to know Payne's BBQ was rated in the top 20 best BBQ joints by Southern Living. 3 were from Memphis., Can you handle it if i go there baby with you?, RT : "We must retake the Senate & we must take the Senate w/ Constitutional Conservatives!" -Rafael Cruz, I know. I'm with you. Just saying. Shove us on the badlands and expect us to shut up. (Oneida here)., I hate it when people can't tell a good story, Okay now I'm annoyed... locked out of apt and can't get ahold of bldg manager. I have shit to do! Damn it!, Thanks Keith for the RT and Happy New year for you!, 'i love my twitter!' (rollin), No hate is a strong word irs more like dislike, definitely Gio if he's still on team, so is brandi too cool to create a twitter account on this road trip???, just watched "A Single Man" and thought it was incredible!, i love catching ppl in lies!!! but oh well fuck it!, Sounds like a great sports weekend!, I'm so much more willing to go to school when im going with swag., It involves doing yoga specifically designed to help you gracefully survive the amount you're about to drink., One of my students used Kim Kardashian as the visual aid in defining the word insipid. That's all kinds of awesome., Just moved in? Make sure to fill out your check-in sheet thoroughly! If its on there, you can't be charged at move out! Take pictures too!, The key to success is to love what you do and you will be great at it., Can I marry an Australian??, Thanks for the shout out!, Name of my dog is "Bolt", Enjoy a with ur fink bomb when their truck comes 2night from 8 til late., Game day....Get focused !, Excited For New Jonas Album 16, im down, LePeep's for early meeting before I attack the day, the 3 worst pains of my life are hitting my funny bone, stepping on toys, and period cramps! >-<, A buddy, I gotta make it to 200 at least, - We are checking into it. You should be able to Vote every 24 Hours., going to bed :PP, My pet owl doesn't like Tootsie Pops. I guess there are some things that we'll never know., I forgot how much of a banger loca people is, i can tell you #finalcutprox is very user friendly:), yea sowwy boo :/ and OMG take a pic and chance ur picture, Rangers are walking a thin, white line here., Some things do not pass away. RT Just saw Tree of Life for the 4th time. Spectacular as ever. And only 2 walkouts!, Kayla has quite an imagination lol, I'm sure you could find something at the dollar store also for Pi gifts, But the first Born This Way Ball is tonight.., "Oh your dating my ex? Cool. I'm eating a sandwich want those left overs too" was witty/funny at first but ive seen it too many times now, I wish I had been born with naturally long eyelashes, You know you'd pay 3 times as much for your coffee fix!, i followed her! plz follow me and and and <3 thanks i love 1D, Sending out my warning to the liquor store as we speak, Last time i checked he was a single pringle, I like pickles. <3, Lol! You know what's up., Follow and they support us lets support them people, “Wherever the poetry of myth is interpreted as biography, history, or science, it is killed.” Joseph Campbell, I at least try to make her feel better at the end of the night., Me and Austins Grandfather are pulling the Uhaul for the next 25 hours :), AWHHHH I wish I could talk my mom into it!!!, yhur amazing...i go 2 school is bellwood...right next 2 maywood...God is goin 2 use yhu in a big way :)...Love & Light, did you get the ten and are you still coming downtown, McDonald's AA Game or Jordan Brand Classic, After seeing live #lpo reviews, what work do you need to do on your landing pages?, Trying to get the hang of this application, Let's get into trouble, Excuse me Mr Harrison but I don't think you are allowed to do that...., that sucks you guys back home now, Please allow me to introduce myself...., hit me in the nose with a microphone tonight... Better than the teeth., hope your knee is good bro Spartans need you go state!!, I think I'm getting better at this..... :), Should we have a GBV Hoot Night in Austin? Yes., catching up on dvr'd shows Mad Men Shameless Game of Thrones and 30 Rock. No more amazon shopping., I need to install a Pelican theme which doesn't have illegible code snippets. Any preferences?, Up trying to watch this game like I don't have to be up at 5 for work in the morning, My voice is still gone.... No job is worth that, Woot woot! RT : 1 good thing about music is.... when it hits you, you feel no pain., Thanks for the follow. Were glad we share this exciting opportunities. Keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!, sent a message to update w/ 2 #'s. why... We have a booking 4 talent worth $7,000 & they still haven't picked up the phone. Nuff Said!, That moment when you notice that you spent more time in the test than you studied for it., Obama just can't please anybody because everyone hates compromise. It's like Rutherford B. Hayes all over again., Berggren is getting worked on both sides of the court!, I miss them lol sparky and nala are asleep too, RT : How was yall day? <-eventful but cool., When you see something and actually stop to think about it (which you shouldn't do sometimes) you're scarred for life., Or worse, tweet. RT : #ThingsMenShouldn'tTextEachOther: boxers or briefs?, Sunday Best!!! Amber Bullock!, Grab your cloths hit the door go chill with them others girl that is why her weave stink talking bout some beach curls!, Tonight it's off to hear #MichaelBuble at the Wachovia Center. Yes., 105% of this movie is delicious-looking food and impossible fights from crazy canted angles. So, basically, it's perfect., What's your favorite mindless behavior song? :-), Cashier at lunch spot yesterday has a son with swine flu...I'm still showing no symptoms. Phew., Lyle Wallis says "in order to make a sane systems dynamics model keep your units consistent", yeah, I think its an hollow threat. The wrost maybe fighting? thats it. Either way I pray she's safe aswell, I've been good thanks 4 asking, #teamfollowback I'm not one of those annoying spammers but I will follow you back, every like dark secret on face book, #highlife yesterday night., Happy New Year Aplin Familyj World Wide Hello to th AWSOME NUMBER ! DICK LARK! Every one Tweet a Happy New Year to Dick., you should try #spreecast. it is the combo of G+ and Cover it Live. DM for me for a private demo., Lots of pre-ACL activity in ! Lots of ppl &equipment moving around. Also folks walk-/running along roadway, like I tell u I stay ready<U+E418><U+E418>, Happy St. Patrick's Day!~For each petal on the shamrock this brings a wish your way -Good health, good luck & happiness 4 today & every day, I can't wait to watch Revenge. I love that show., It's Friday! After a rainy Thursday so we are trying to get caught up & have no appointments available today., Open invitation to the photography studio upper deck tonight to shoot the moon<U+263D><U+2605><U+263E>lemme know if ur coming<U+263D><U+2605><U+263E>, Watching the laker game for the first time this year, Well alright! Send them my way!!, with ANOTHER, lol too funny, g what's up, It's an amazing day when you come up with a plan to cry your way out of working, yet, another fucking weekend..., Are you going to spend all of Summer up North? When aree youu leavinng ?, Thanks for helping to get the word out about B&&C meets UX happy hour. We're moving it to next week b/c of snow., I'm impressed you're on, Tonight 10:30pm I'll be on #letitrip with Councilwoman discussing #consentagreement and next steps., Watching The Voice hoping mine returns soon...one week into this cold and it doesn't want to let go of me!, "..only reason I'm voting for this bill is due to the tax relief for charities". Bullshit, I see that off purple shirt/tie combo., Hey #Boston! Happy Cinco de Mayo. Have fun, be safe and wear a smile :), Make sure you read each one that's in each box., she said the only time she get, It is! RT : Is this going to be a recurring column?, saw you on Carson Daly, you killed it with ease and splendor ;), AL vs. LSU = nobody is giving up an inch without a fight!, Almost making MU PR look good! RT : If Bo's still on the line after this break, someone at UW needs to be fired., We Performing along side Mr. Capone-E on the 18th!! Don't Miss It!, so let me know when you can work your magic google power and get G+ override for me... Hehe, That awesome moment when the guy you like texts you., I hope dis food good lol, Getting ready for the #RAWSupershow tonight at CONSOL with ! Mr. Laurenitis, you sir, are an ass!, RT All I know is this- if we head to overtime, it's going to take Ed Hochuli 90 minutes to explain the OT rules...dude is jackd, Listening to Melvin Rhyne's 'Boss Organ' and making some coffee., Definitely an exciting weekend of performances at Source Theater on 14th St! Come experience an mix of Opera and Zarzuela at the In Series!, RT : NEW Giuliana & Bill tonight! STYLE network at 8/7c. Retweet 4 chance 2 win amaze piece of jewelry from my closet!, Time to catch up on writing! :), When I don't understand, I will choose You., Oh, wait! Which is to say: what you said! Ha!, Mubarak announces changes..but will stay in office until September election...isn't the news protestors wanted to hear, Having difficulties putting my thoughts together., Thinking of and all of the good she does for young women., Helping my Dad do yardwork. This rocks., #Truuuuuu maybe next year, They're following kids who are wandering around downtown and trying to make them go west. Listening on scanner., oh yes! I love that! I just didn't know it had such an exciting name. I thought it was just "making your window really big", Yesterday, the 2nd grader I volunteer to read to told me that she would take me to Wonka's factory if she found a golden ticket, Thank you.. No rain and it turned out pretty good., Hiraldo Rivera is officially voted off the island and sent packing with a hoodie., Relaxin on a sunday night..., I'm sure the MVP voters consider KG to be too old and dirty for consideration., definition of "friend", so that would always lead to guilt. I've decided to work on it, so I sent out a bunch of requests., WHAT! YOU MEAN YOUR ACCOUNT IS BEING HACKED?!?!, I'm at the ScraperWiki #jdcdc at the Very cool so far!, happy mothers day!, very true!, boss *uh*, when I'm down, I check my spam box and I feel like the luckiest, smartest, business woman. I have deals all over the world., A big weekend for mma, First stop in Boston after getting rental car? Neptune Oyster for lobster rolls. thinks we need to share one next time., eek, I forgot to respond to this tweet! yes, it's pretty exciting where you are right now! I look forward to following along, #MilwaukeeDictionary Put some smell good on: go to nearest Boston Store or Macys to spray some tester cologne on before going out to club, Practice is going very well. Kind of surprising seeing we haven't played the set in about 6 months. :), RT : Write content for the user; keep the search algo in mind., im happy at the fact that im 17 now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, Impressed that librarians at Emory organized a Python class for themselves b/c wanted to do more w/ DH., I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber please Justin notice me! :(, Having NFL network for Thursday night games is cool, working Thursday evening is not..., I can hear you guys dancing now, right and ?!..., Is it #Friday yet? :/, *falls over laughing* knuckles? Muahaa! That. Is. Awesome! :) :), face it and reintroduce yourself? :), Im sorry Thomas but filet o fish is kinda gross :P lol, LOL I should have known it was when you said 'terrible book'! Lucky you - there are 4 of them to horrify! :), Try saying buckhunter really quickly ten times in a row., I wonder how Gary Williams (undrafted) is doing compared to the other lineman drafted in 2009., see that now...missed it first time around., Amazing Q&A with screenwriter David Seidler last night. He inspired me and also provided a kick in the ass., Creepy but cool, hope you use all of it!, We just want to say thank you to all of you for your support! AND of course have a great weekend!, It's official, you truly are a comedian...I'm dieing laughing at these tweets, At the same damn Time !, #ObamaForgot to support the legalization, taxation, and regulation of recreational drug use., focus ur mind to train your body and d changes that begin to take place impact ur mind as well. Dream it, believe it, and u'l achieve it., Can't wait to apply this to upcoming work "Healthcare content doesn't have to suck", Just started 2 learn #python. Need more practice but I really love it so far., -- you're welcome, Pretty sure I saw Ezio Auditore driving a Buick LeSabre. Seems likely. -- Scott Meier () from the last Star Fighter?, hell yea lol. It's worth it tho. The chef goin in, oh ok sorry lol and yes I am when y'all r ready, lol did i hit you?, now you are making me cry...lol I really love you guys...xoxo, Aye who list yall be on when yall come to ultrabar, Yes, I do... with a lot of guidance so they understand how to do it. Especially on a first paper, I'm just annoyed by hyper-inflated prices for basic things. Gets on my nerves (:, Let's see how today goes., How's your heart ? RT : 76ers are 1st team in NBA playoff history to play 3 straight games decided by 1 point., I love clickin links and finding great songs..:-), check your Facebook, 'Tis the season, UPS screws up yet again. Somehow decided to send something to my old address instead of contacting me., Great TV! I was surprised Aubrey wasn't in final 2 but the guys r awesome. Clay is going a little dictator though, Mind Jam Q: Parents Mag found that babies first words are Mommy or Daddy- What is next on the list?, Thank you for inviting me to the play "Crazy is Love" last night. I had a great time and enjoyed meeting people., #Rain was beyond amazing. Fake Paul winked at me twice!! Other than seeing #TheBeatles , the best performance to see., Congrats on the 40K!!, I'm so fed up with this I don't talk to a shit load of girls like she thinks I do I talk to 4 at the most what ever she culd believe whtever, is starting his weekend off right--RENEWING HIS TABS AT THE DOL!! WOO! SPRING BREAK!!!!1 *flash*, Please check out my answer on to: Illegal 30-day termination of tenancy: Can I challenge now or must I wait unt..., Mine and conversations >, follow back!!!!, Good Morning People, when the kindle edition costs more than the printed book, i don't buy either., No one knows where to return things here. Classic case of reonovation without staff consultation. Thanks, architects., Please Please Please play Chocolate tonight in Indy. :), Miss Sign-In-With-Ill-Grace-When-Reminded is in today. Co-worker in storytime room yelling at someone on the phone. I need a vacation., I'll try that (FamilySearch). Thanks!, There's always something in the works, but nothing huge right now. Mostly travel, reality and commercials!, War is the province of the federal govt. Read the Constitution some time, miss. Birth control isn't., you need to come back. sign with the pack, big man., This is about to go off., Still feeling the sting of that #mubb loss last night at #garden30. Hopefully the team rebounds for the Dance. Fire up Marquette!, Thanks, ! About to have a **big** holiday sale. Stay tuned if you'd like to snag one on the cheap! :), Thanks and for coming out to EWU and speaking to our VCD Program about The 6 Traits of Effective Business Websites., Truly! RT : Fiesta! Reception at Casa Esencia w/ all those cosy little rooms and a PHOTO BOOTH = The. Bestest. Ever., Economic history, or Religious History, or Social History, and so on. You might think of what you want to know or want to..., Step 1 stop talkn to anyone, Omg, okay, I'll clean the rest of my room tomorrow. <U+3160><U+3160>, What's with this spontaneous insomnia return crap?, Lol I still don't believe you're old. :p Old is like senior. Oh no, the other night when I missed work. I'm nice & healthy :), never was a fan of starbucks, RT if you’re excited to grow #tomatoes in your garden this summer!, THIS RT": Now if Disney can offer a "local" discount than Jazz Fest surely can.", Has a fun conversation w/bassist Roy Cumming last nite on how both of us used to rehearse w/Chick in his Queens basement. What a blast!, So it's okay for other people to have attitudes but when I have one it's a problem!? Well okay then., "Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen..., Rondo you so fast!!!, So SMASH convention! Let slip the dogs of... uh... games? YEAH! GAMES!!!, You have been a great Captain on a great team. Really a pleasure to watch this year., #np paramore-brick by boring brick, It would have to be damn sweet to be as good as Tribes Ascend. I am amazed how much it feels like the original during battle., This was a very good idea., Played tiny wings for like 20 minutes straight haha, #MyMomIsTheBest bc she made me., So Newt want's to debate the Prez? He'd better be careful in what he asks for., do you guys plan on playing a hometown show soon?, It's a start. Now can we get him and his world power agenda out of American voters homes. That would be nice. K, Thx, Stay tuned for weekly updates-we are starting new and exciting things Dottie Doolittle!, I'll buy a few months as those of the above, Pet peeve to end all peeves: My mom: Double click all the links! /via, “: Still haven't had my postcard from :(” email us and we will resend one this week!! Must have gotten lost in mail!, The Chinese Hukou system slows economic growth and urbanization. Citizens can only get benefits if they live where told. (Bloomberg 3/12), Just saw Dark Shadows. It was a very good movie., Twitter Fights make me laugh :), Dude's recounting happenings @ Smithsonian: "25+ protesters pepper sprayed" at Air & Space. Saw tweet CNN might cover (?)., thinking we need to go to #victoriassecret for some new #broncosapparel yay #football has finally started!!!, Hollywood made a movie based on a board game, Apple is making an Ipad mini aka Ipod Touch....Where has the creativity gone?, sure thing !! <3, Reason #268 why the #Bears suck! #onwisconsin RT: Looks like Bears did not sign either Philip Welch or Kyle Wojta, Recovery workout with my Athletes at 9am !, if you drop the "experience" it becomes COOL :)... but more seriously, i haven't seen much cooperation in a any of these, Even though it is a documentary, it was funny and I still can't believe they make wine in AZ!, thanks. Lol I like the little running guys. :), Ya know, Forrest Gump could have gotten a lot more pussy if he would have applied himself., A round of disc golf with -when i grow up i want to be able to play like him, Just had the best food in Ft. Lauderdale an all vegan restaurant. If you go leave room for the coconut cake, enough to share., hahahaha u silly what's up lol, #awkwardmoment when I still rock those...., hahaha no, when was this lol, Post-wedding brunch at Mother's in Bmore...ready for a nap!, I make earrings, hats, headbands, and more by hand! I love my hobby :) I just edited all my listings so now I have new low prices :) :), Q:Single most important step we can take to support #education? A: Families w/ advice &, I WISH I LIVE IN MIAMI SO I CAN BE IN YOUR PHOTOSHOOT #11:11wish, isnt ur contract up next year w/ the nba or this year., ya ok, Dear students: In small college towns, do not brag about cheating on an exam in a restaurant. Everyone knows everyone., Prefer water-based lube? We've got 16oz for only $22.95! www.m2lubricants.com Should get you through the weekend. ;), "eye see you", Fortunately, I belong to the BLOHARDS, the NYC Red Sox fan club, and they go up to Opening Day every year on a bus trip., Ah, the joys of public transportation, Thanks Mike, those are awesome. Funny how they all seem to be taken in that same spot., it was boring but I think that was the point. False sense of security b4 hell breaks loose, For all those men who say "Why marry the cow when the milk is free" Well news flash we women say Why buy the whole pig for a little sausage, Are you a Senior looking to move to Mass after graduation? Come hear on making the move @ Classroom Bldg 205 today at 6pm!, I don't care what happens, I'm happy :), naw I said may 25 my bf coming to Omaha, #SmileAustin #CheerUpAustin If you don't tweet a smiley face i'll personally get on a plane to SanAntonio and kick your ass!(:, is that the famous person you were telling me about in german?!, Make the money,dont let the money make you, “: You can never make anything too simple, for simplicity is the law of wisdom.”, It's a nice Thursday in NYC. Going to catch the Yankees game later... My 1st baseball game. Should be fun, I really love how is always pushing forward, And he played Drew Peterson too. Why does he insist on being in CABLE movies about high-profile homicides. He's better than that!, #Fitness must, what does it?, I just watched the video, Mina! It's amazing! :D Great job! Thank you for including us in it., Miss Ethnic World Pageant will be held September 19, 2010 at 7pm at the Radisson Westside in Los Angeles., “Two roads diverged in a wood and I, I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.” Robert Frost, love this, happy sunday! “: Good morning. Remember everyone to thank God for another day of life :) XO”, Thanks to everyone for the follows. Big things coming in 2012 as well as some nice websites to show you all. Also shout out to, I am so excited! I get to see A LOT in the next 2 months! Eek!, The number of plastic storage boxes in this one ShopKo is freaking me out., i've not had probes with binaries. sometimes compiling stuff updates/downgrades libraries OSX is expecting to find which can be bad, Can we decree that any dish "Tony Style" comes with a fried egg on top?, Look for kids with positive leadership traits, not exclusionary leadership traits. upstanders > bystanders, I recently became obsessed with "The Supersizers Go" on Cooking Channel. Related: 1970s food looks absolutely terrible., St. Elizabeth Ann Seaton Catholic Church holds 5th District Candidate Debate (Carmel, IN), I just know my legs aren't ready., Had a great time at Alpine Printing!! Thanks for the BBQ !!!, Please don't stop looking for your shot! You are an amazing player and Portland needs you to always be aggressive!, What is the view from your window? Share your pictures!, Boring ass night, then why aren't you doing your work hm? haha, What if we compromise and add shooting ranges?, Mayweather has and Justin fucking Beiber carrying his belts., Heh. You can look but you can't touch. ;), the teacher of K's group was elusive., The akward moment you realize that Hinder looks like Pablo, ya right., i hate telemarketers, Thank you! :), Basically if u have a few beers you forget about the hurricane, #GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing, who in the world would know. I'm sure even himself didn't know.. Lol that's Metta though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I'm sad but it is what it is, RT : #Aquarius and Libra: These two make for both a romantic and friendly relationship, blending both nicely into one union, Check out the #Live pics from our #Latino #Leaders #Networking Event at www.facebook.com/HPNG.pros!, Sunny day today in NYC!, ur welcome, hun. thanks for the follow back! :D, (c) the bottom, but either way, no matter how much better the other crew is, if the crew they choose is in the bottom two they HAVE to (c), have you ever been to Kingwood Center? Thinking about doing a day trip there Sat to see the blooms. I think it's up your way., S/o to for making my day <3 Follow Her!!!, My headphones be too loud. Imma go deaf!, i guess this is why real writers draft things multiple times before submitting them., I have my issues, but while you're checking for mine. Stop hiding from yours., oh well he was all like aayyeee i remember u from the CTMDT and i was like yyeeaahhh! then we just talked about shampoo xD, Jeff: Complacency breeds contempt; keep busy!, Beautiful! Thanks for standing in gaps both WITH and FOR us. It means more than you know., But he's a 1.5-hit wonder..., #LTBroadcasts "The contagious flare of revolution that has swept through the Portuguese colonies seems to have ended (5/8/31), what's going on sir!, Bring in ten friends to sign up and get one year free!, It's for the best in zombie audiobooks and all-around SF, When people annoy us, its usually because we are observing a trait in them that we disown in ourselves., Hello my t friends, Family Fun in the Square is coming to #BkSq Sat, April 21 / FREE & Open to the Public #Music #Games w/ Jr!..., haaha ya they are nice i love them hahaha come to the lab then u can haha, you too!! Feel better!, you opened my eyes to they other side of love, looking forward to seeing everyone!, 24 Million were born this way, Can you pleasee follow me??? I love you Deezy (:, maybe they was high OSS, It'll be a good day when ColdStone is back. RT : #chipotle opened just steps away from my office. Today is a good day my friends., what u mean?... I need my dream girls part, Onwards through Chinatown-- all clear now!, Hire the guy down the road, the people in your city. Bring our country back one city at a time. That's the right way to distribute wealth!, You better not die xD or i'm gonna kick your butt Mr. Novelli, I'm stuck with an uptight bitch who thinks her class is more important than everything else., Thanks for following me back. You are such cuties. Can I squeeze your cheeks? <3<3<3, Mac Miller wearing the Ron Burgundy T toinght at the murat., R kelly-hands of time, Search for hashtag #DigiMe to get panelists' tips ... What suggestions are you hearing for revamping your LinkedIn profile?, hey there! Make sure you enter from a computer and not a mobile device. :-), Idk why but I love 10 things I hate about you;p (show and movie), I love you fucking people. Srsly. <3 All love., yup yup #TeamThirsty you wouldn't about like'n woman you fuckin cupcake, After bagging my groceries, the checkout clerk at sarcastically said, "Thanks for all your help." WTF? Thx for doing your job!, they will last 2+ wks on fingers, up to 6 on toes!, Maury: "You are not the father" Black Guy: *Starts to Dougie*, yep! Next saturday, hey erika!! JFSLA is now a twitter :), #MeFact if you hate The Boys, I wouldn't care but when you say something over the top, that's when you're screwed-Kelly, RT : Too much to tweet it all. Amazing. RT : Bruce Wyman is non-stop dropping the truth, Hey did you guys take down the pictures of the posters that had been vandalized?, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>RT : I was seriously Teared eyed when I walked into Sticks Bar & Grill, M I love pay day., More Battle Trivia My Dude....., Here's wishing my delightful friend a swift & complete recovery from the Crud., Come follow as Annette R. Martinez from State Farm delivers her keynote!, Carrying a typewriter weighing 50kilos from the depths of Brooklyn all the way home at 8.30 in the morning in the rain, Did just call out for his tweet about #badgers, and tell him to call his cell? #arrogance at it's highest., RIP Junior Seau, #NetAppStBaldricks nice job fellas!!! I'm sure you look fabulous., wow... I feel the love..., Enjoying my DAYS Off You better Beleave it in my ( lil Boosie Voice ) ! Free Bad AZZ, I really had a hangover all day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, *TRAFFIC* NB I-83 @ W Cold Spring La, North Balto; Auto accident. NB I-83 is CLOSED., I just finished a 7.05 mi run with Nike+ GPS., FOLLOW ME ON MY MAIN, It Feel Likee Forever ,,, I Dont Know How Ima Last In Tha, It's not like there's an off switch., Now that all the domestic dust has settled lets get some UCL Final debate/predictions going please. I have Munchen by 3. Forza Inzaghi!, So its official we gonna release my mixtape CD on the shop not sure when but its a deal !! We gonna give cds away !, Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving., Nothing a little catnip can't fix ~, hey!!! I miss you too. Ended up doing the appartment thing., Grant, you are classy and cool!!, I swear it is?, Welcome new followers (close to 400 now) and thanks to all of you for #gettingitdone in the #PGH!, Here at Candle 79, celebrating my baby's birthday, so much regret. mrawrp., hi lets work out tomorrowwwwzzzz, Will do. If things go right, I might be explaining GoodRelations by fall. RT make sure and mention rdfa ;-), I had a dream about mom & sister, Heard you give away a free shot for newsletter signups. Has the experiment been a success?, Congrats to on new gig w/ & will have u wearing plaid in no time., "Human Centipede is my new Caligula", New listing coming up in Aliante...., I retweet so many of 's tweets, Anybody see the Burrito gun on Fantasy Factory last night?, i cant go...im stuck in Florida... -_- hate it here...but not anymore! cuz ur here! <3 :) just gonna move down there maybe lol, btw...love the "Cleveland - you've got to be tough" !!, thanks, one of our favorites!!, I had better not see anyone get off a bus and go to this rally, May 22, 2012 is Graduation Bitch !, Only because I hang out with girls too much., Tweeting about people because they don't have a twitter >, Wow great job ruining Mother's Day for her, Don't you ever get tired of lying so much?, Several local cities have BID programs. Vince, can we generalize from the findings from your study?, august, august, you are evaporating..., gist of your post to me is that focus so often on issues, problems, complaints; easy to stay mired there .., Overheard: "I'm glad you're living the 16-year old life.", RT : The best revenge you could ever give someone, Is proving them wrong., Just made a rocket fuel tank on inventor, feeling pretty awesome!!!, Okay Can I have your email?? Ill send you a so we can get this started, can i just have all my old friends back..., “: I might have something for you.” anxious to share it!, Drive To End Hunger Food Drive At Cottonwood Mall Sept 17th, 9AM to 3PM in the prkg lot near Ulta and help this wonderful cause by donating!, wow, incredible shots!! i love B&W., Summer Holiday is here!:)))), If all of you could take a second and ask your friends to follow & Thanks, sweetness ill tell and, Lisa, how are you?, If you don't know your own worth and value, then don't expect someone else to calculate it for you., Quick synapses of book?, A Pinto signified sadness, a Pacer, pure desperation. Especially one with the "sport" package. :), Don't forget your cup of Mc'Donald's coffee today., - Indeed I understand to whom the putz was pointed, my point was, I believed the tweet would elicit your reply, gracias chica!! :) i'll make a scrapbook out of just about anything possible lol, Well I have to go sleep. Please follow me?I know you see this<3, I been alright how u been twife, Beliebers Do Care About Others. <3, Betty, go for a run or get on a bike. And make Sally do some hard labor., heck yes!! It's that alberta beef, it keeps us lookin good., Tacos, Tilapia, Fajitas, Shrimp Cocktail were going like crazy yesterday! So we're the Margaritas, Martinis, & Moscato!, welcome to KC. Glory Man Utd!!, haha I know, every new girl I meet here on twitter or outside of tweeter I tell her she's beautiful, I've always done that ;), Happy Earth Day #Boston :) What is everyone doing?, Congrats guys! That is awesome., Lord, what shall I do now to reach my goals & dreams? I know I must maintain my health so I can ride the sunbeams., Better than the entire Spice Girls album that played at the Sushi restaurant I was at last week...., thanks, guys :) Totally fine. Just annoyed that some people can't see giant pink humans with reflectors on them., Might be taling to you then! Soon., another test... #e206 undefined, It was a blast and I learned a lot. Thanks for pairing!, La liga Mexicana finals are on. Monterey vs Santos. Who you rooting for?, You two should do some sort of seminar or conference together. That would be amazing!, I won't be working at red lobster much longer.., Hi ! How are u?, Not to much longer till we're in the studio, and a short time after that, we'll be playing our first show!, Jose Perez, This damn headache!!!, On a conference call with Canadians. Their accents make me smile., If #theydontwantyou its ok #teamfollowback follow me I follow back!, I need to go to an ugly home., Budget signed...It's a sad, sad day for Wisconsin., Next week will be our #mediachat guest. CAN’T WAIT! Join us next Thursday same time, same place!, ok i did tell danni she my gf, interesting, especially being a former Edelman employee., RT : follow back (Following now...), So this random lady photographer took my photo in the subway yesterday! Is that a sign Im getting more famous? :D, Ugh. I never had allergies until I moved to DC. Sneeze. Sneeze. Sneeze. How am I supposed to work?, #EdMcGinty to #archivists in the room, "If you guys can't find it, it doesn't exist, and we make it up.", cut them off, G'Night -- thanks for tuning in!, mmkay how long will that take?, not me. only 2 eps in on Veep & it's, y'know, fine. But Girls 2 & 3 both killed me. & she's an excellent director, Finally off! Seemed like the clock wasn't moving. Gettin ready to go to NC in a few!, Crazy awesome amazing chicken sandwiches., I don't care., My boyfriend has a weird fetish, he likes to dress up like himself and act like an asshole every night, Back It Up, Then I Put It In Her Back Door, Ghost Hunting with the guys. (:<, Sweet! What part?, I'm am so jealous of you! :) I love them!! Lucky you :D, good eye, you're the #blurst!! #moody?, With this spring weather #brewers season should be starting tomorrow www.allwidoiswin.com, & he(she) says, I could done that., I'll be down at CAR Friday have any time to meetup?, Hey truth- why don't you also mention all the Israelis who were victims of shelling this year?memory only goes back a week?, Send my best to Jo'burg/Jozi/eGoli, lol I know who u are I us to be friend with steve, hey :) I followed u. follow me back?, hey titty sucker, RT : All vehicles on SB I-5/805 are being diverted onto the SB I-805 bypass lanes due to a vehicle on fire in the gore point., bill calling on CA colleges and universities to enforce smoking policies and fine offenders moves forward, Getting high on Pixie Stix! Remember those? Freakin epic! XD, I blame the chick that was swaying behind me last night. I wonder how her head feels today., Listening to interview right now. Not that reaffirmation was needed, but Howard IS THE greatest interviewer!, you should totally buy jessica a flamingo or two for a housewarming present. lmao, I hope is not getting used to watching crime shows and eating pizza on the couch all day., So tired., At Reliant Center! The show starts today!!! come join us! this weekend only!!!http:// www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com, good to be home with my loves AJ Nala and Ariel, I'll run all over you, ": Quote: "He who strikes the first blow admits he's lost the argument." Chinese Proverb "-HA! So true!, I missed Detroit news... fine ass Glenda Lewis!, def waiting to hear what you did, God is calling my name as the devil is trying to keep me tame., Girl: What does she got, that I don't? Me: My heart., RT ": Some girls don't realize what they're worth, some guys don't realize what they have...", Oh got it! Yes, we could add that embed code too., Why do some companies like Taco Bell get to use plastic bags when Fred Meyer has switched to paper?, Jonathan Crary: "I would be dismayed if I prompted anyone to determine if Courbet owned a stereoscope.", Thanks a bunch for the RTs... greatly appreciated!, Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!, For my new followers I also make jewelry! In my spare time on etsy, i'm done, I would come after the sale gone off! Ugh! Smh!, no i have to hold down the fort at the pub for the watch party, Voice of Chris Traeger (Rob Lowe): "There is LITERALLY a siege of toddlers (>5) wailing at Weatherstone coffee shop. Where are their adults?, i'm glad you're okay dude!, Hahaha you can't hide a stud and your parents would kill you! My mom doesn't know :/ lol, re: 76yo hot yoga. that's pretty awesome. thnks for sharing, Add #ice_road_truckers as, yet, another reality show I'll have to sit through., RT : Cant wait for college football, also the sansa/shay scenes. GAME OF THRONES IS JUST GETTING SO GOOD., Arts and Lectures Workshop Event : Sound Engineer Mike Davidson, Wednesday, 3/23, 12:45-2PM in Lindsay Hall, Room 10., lol ok I can see occasionally wearing them but the girl I'm talking about wears em daily. No lie., If you're in Marion, Ind., today, pick up a copy of the Chronicle-Tribune for an article about the Point Park-Taylor game yesterday., Need some more followers, i broke my phone :( ill b gettin a new 1 shortly ...DM me nd ill hit u later...but thanx, I never get tired of the halal food truck on 27th and Madison., Waking up early to take a shower <<<<, It's much easier to make rings out of Gummi Lifesavers than the hard candy. This new generation has it so easy!!, Ah okay sorry x, hahahha! they just wanna be that pretty (;, Enjoy it, last night in SF it was all lightning and thunder. :-), Still on a shopping high from all of the gowns & bridesmaid dresses we ordered at Chicago Bridal Market!, The Minnesota Twins have 7 wins. Remember all of that "we won't miss the Metrodome" crap? How's that working out for them?, Can't wait to Werk it out!!!!!!! Leaving in T minus 2 days :), come say hi! check out who is doing some pretty cool things in our community!, At the end of the day, I'm against linking our system of social benefits to the institution of marriage., Switching back and forth between the Heat game and the Grammys. Thumbs-up to DWade, Lebron, Chris Breezy, and Rhianna for great performances, Hunger Games & Twilight obvs should of won but kids don't read that so diary of a wimpy kid won., yup!! keep voting until the last second!! :D, Bored w, I adopted, Ahoy! We can't wait!, Taking down the picture wall! It's been real., What! It's September 1st! Where has the year gone?, Just got a twitter?, RT : Nevermind the Mindless & Ignore the Ignorance™, "The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary", I'm Looking for a GREAT Email collection Widget for my Blog. Any Ideas anyone?, Man I remember warm nights watch little rascals as a kid, It's a lot harder to find my cat in this bigger house :/, Also NFL star Brandon Marshall will be there. The parade is so long its 2 days. This Friday and Saturday., We are so food truckin!!!, Toasted pecans make all the difference in a bowl of oat bran for breakfast. (maple syrup, cinnamon and cloves help, too), I dont understand hormones! they make you crazy! :/, Can I watch? LOL, Not sure which "it" you have in mind., lolol go ahead & i marry Vinny! & i'm sorry that i haven't texted you back but i love you!<3, dj moma going to rip it up again at citrine nyc tonight., You're a good person., Follow me Please .¦ It would be a dream come true. Love you! Have a great Easter.¦, Like us (facebook). Follow us (twitter). Help us rebuild Oliver (in real life)., #MyPastRelationships Taught me how to act, what not to put up with, taught me patience, made me sweeter, and meaner at times., Thanks, Claus!, #Townescam reading and this dog make me a happy man. Now if only my girlfriend would stop watching this crap movie, i wish life was like the movies, It's a little more than a routine visit, but it's good to have a good pediatrician!, Just heard and eagle cry for help. No joke., No doubt !!!!!!! Look on your package that the CD come in that's where you see the ###, Re: Hilary's hair. Totally agree. She needs her campaign hairdresser back., which space is that? Very nice., Same here Kris. :) Can't wait until 100+ hits TX once again. I LOVE summer! :), Lol. RT : “: I thrive on awkward moments...” well you had a lot of those with, Love it, but I love all your quotes :) RT #AriaaQuotes Excessive emoting negates miracles, Huge nightmare as in attempts at line drawing, that is., We r taking a break 2 watch the game. Both great teams, Fuck the world.....!, I hate when I hear something fall & can't figure out what it was!, That's a lie! Three honks means they think you're hot. ;P, and you can't have one until next march!! isn't is crazy how they get us hooked?!, congradulations mommy for still having all the pieces eight and a half years later.., #cowx Rain snow mix in Aurora, Watching an old bob dole Pepsi ad, r u the Pepsi pharmacist?, I'm twenty now but somehow I don't feel any older..., There is no coming back from a scorpion face tattoo, Lakers lost the game to OKC this is depressing but I can't say I nvr saw it coming...., Nice run this morning in the desert. Now off to Tuscon, Hey I Just Started My Own Tshirt Line. Any Words Of Wisdom For Me?, “: I can do all this through him who gives me strength. -Philippians 4:13”, Rockford Fosgate or Kicker?, Eww jst walked in on my parents :(, I'd be okay with that, :) Aww so sweet of you! :) Thanks lovely., life is superb. High five for getting out of TC, too. I can't wait until I have the guts to leave the country., Gov Patrick talking about Big Dig lighting fixtures replacement - "It [Big Dig] was never adequately payed for or overseen", Thanks! And Me Too!(:, Uh oh, Komo is back on twitter :-), If your not a belieber, then your deffenatly not a mahomie -Brooke, well unless you can do something about this weather..., Oh yah watching never say never at 1:30 in the morning!!! :D, sifting through video footage of the long drive out west, That's my fav place 2! Let's go together soon! RT : Post-work cocktails at my new favorite spot with, I have a sinking feeling you already know..., Someone do something with me tonight and get me out of this house. I've been home for two minutes and I want to murder my mother, Thanks bud 4 #ff..have a good weekend, Road trip with ! #sisterlylove #bonding #excited <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>, Happing Right Now: San Diego lifeguards checking out a dolphin in distress north of Scripps Pier. The latest, Bucks tomorrow! Think you'll pull out a win, Jennings? I don't think so boyfriend, get out of town! Hehehe, I love Dre. He sounds exactly like Fat Albert :) adorable!, Good Friday service is tonight at 7pm. Hope to see you there!, I do elieve we are looking forward to some hot weather by Thursday, “: Looks like Alber and Hayes could be leaving to sign contracts in add. to Kreider and Dumoulin. #BCHockey” Yikes. Big hit., Tonight: San Jose workshops! Word on the street is that the kids are getting burritos., I understand some congratulations are necessary! Hello full professor!, just singing along to IfIDieYoung while recording my mate singing it then watching it back realising u can hear me not good<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, Heads-up to non-museums followers, I'm at a museum conference for a few days. If 3G is reliable the #AAM2012 tweets might start flowing., Hoped to meet with you guys tonight for a sesh, but too busy tonight. Tomorrow?? Don't forget about PGP on Friday., ill see, it is going to be killer for high tide rolling in....Grab your long board for LONG RIDES!!!, TY4RT TIME IS NOW only 3 days left to raise funds to get this documentary to Capitol Hill! ... fb.me/19PGCdIBD, hey amiga, how you feeling?, so u hate good days??, Braves are making a statement! #5 on ESPN's Power Rankings. keep it coming boys :), I want the personalized M&Ms for my bday!! lol and have them say I LOVE TANYA :), “: Some people march to the beat of a different drummer. And other people tango!” I prefer tango., Dear Python: How do you make programming so easy and so much fun? I think I love you. Do you love me, too? Y/N (circle one) Love, Rob, Gonna take me a hot bath and then watch Contraband. <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, Very grateful, Patrick! Enjoy your Monday!, You can still enjoy the basketball games this weekend with a big slice of Sal's Pizza. Find your coupon in the paper today!, I used to go to Bally's...until I realized that gyms aren't supposed to be dark and depressing, We will be doing just that ": Saturday means only one thing on the south side. Attebury's for Ribs! #eatlocalmilwaukee", next time, What does an envelope say when you lick it?Nothing. It just shuts up., According to my Mitusbishi Mirage is a actual Mirage must have been the drunk pixies flown him home all those times :), Congrats to Louisville for a great season. I respect that whole team except Behanan, he's a jackass., In bed sick as a dog. cure:, Drums and Bass down. Guitars and vocals is all we have left EP is coming soon., RT : What other places do casting directors look for child actors?, Dinner! Curry! Samosas! Indian Pizza!, ha. too funny... that's how i know it's time to wash my jeans., You can't make me buy health care coverage! Much better if I wait till I'm very sick, get treated and you pay for it., I LOVE our new APARTMENT! So swank., i can,t wait, I am Annie all weekend, come out to the college and see me in Annie, Jr on Broadway.......I am So Excited! Dont want it to end!, Wen uu get to the point where yur #fedup #tired and #done its time to make changes asap !, Now that the news is out there, here's wishing Jim Mandich the best in his battle with cancer. RT, Next on the at 6, offers his thoughts on the Panthers Game 2 win over the Devils last night., should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 24, How can we expect students to know who's who in American history when teachers think every positive role model from past was American?, And most importantly don't tweet about your drama..., YEH THE PART WHERE THE GUY GOES " WHOSE THAT?" sTILES:"THATS MY BROTHER... MIGULE" HAHA, Can't fight fate..., ThermoEnergy Issues Clean Coal Technology Reminder for Earth Day - MarketWatch (press release), Thanks for the Social Velocity RTs!, If you are in #sales and fear rejection, you've picked the wrong way to make a living., Who was She-Ra today? Yep, that's me, sawing branches down by hand!, Once you have learned to love, You will have learned to live. -Unknown, Dessert: dark chocolate covered roasted almonds in Turbinado sugar & sea salt w/ an Old Waldorf's Last: 1 gin 1 cream 1 Orange Curaçao--up!, I have moments when I tend to be a complete smartass to people., my prayers and thoughts are with you Cicily. Sending good vibes for a safe recovery!!, of course! Have a great weekend! :) xo, Congratulations to for being named one of Atlanta's best places to work!, My Dad would berate me, and rightly so, if I kicked a club like Tiger just did. Grow up., And it was self-taught! A lesson he'll carry to the grave. Hahaha., Income Tax Acctg Sup. needed in Decatur, IL. Relo assistance. Must have exp calculating deferred taxes. email, Absolutely! DM us a contact email. We should work together for ALL trips, not just SD., Liked it!, thanks for the shout out!, tired, but still working. oh leh do it., Yesturday a hobo came up to me nd ask me for change to buy a beer. So I gave him money for his beer, I'm not, that was a retweet. :), 2012 film watching! #39. The Thin Blue Line (Morris, 1988). Excellent documentary about the murdering of a cop in Texas. Outstanding film!, hahahaha! Exactly! "You wouldn't want to use it anyway, it always puts 6 r's", The panties appear to have made a long pit-stop in Vegas. I feel so helpless., Someone stole our tradeshow booth from the back of an employees truck. Hope it looks good in their living room..., The rule hasn't been changed--YET! MHSAA is sending a proposal to schools to vote by 5/31. Thx for yr support! LetEmPlay.us, Thanks for sharing the Parkway news. Shop there?, #salmonfishinginyemen Good film with the handsome but slightly befuddled #ewanmcgregor and his charming Scottish brogue!, Not a person to mess with, reason : I'm a gemini., My dog and I were laying down then my mom went down stairs and so my dog went with and now I'm cold, crap. I sent it the same time as my family's. They got theirs last wk, Truest statement I have heard all week. A lot of times its about interpreting advice from multiple points., You know you broke when having sex to music means one head phone in yo ear and the other one in hers, We have locations in Moreno Valley, Riverside, Fontana, Beaumont, and the High Desert communities., Happy that Manny is going home! I hope the Sox can keep going., Is it possible to fight wrinkles when you have sensitive skin? We'll see! I'm taking Wexler products for sensitive skin for a test drive, lmao I love you girls. Omg. FRY DAY!!, Thanks for the favorites!!, Okay, guys. Who's the official genius-catcher? Do we need to take shifts? Can't bear the thought I'll miss the best one., Questions for the Web team? Email Us:, Thank you! Hope you had a great one!, SAVE $400 Dollars ! ZOOM Whitening - Only $199 Up to 6 shades lighter in one 45-minute in-office session. 1854 W. Division ORA Dental htt, 19 yo Eli Rabago missing frm Tucson. Mental capacity of an 11 yo. Not familiar with Tucson area. He may be scared., Had a Chick-Fil-A for the first time today. Thanks Texas., Lakers got this one in the bag, Impressive Established Leaders panel! Purdue black alums are doing some amazing things., Randy's Shirt: love it or over the top?, - Yep, we're texting every day here! ;), Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! For all our troops everywhere, you are not forgotten and we are grateful for all you do, everyday! God bless!!, at charges of 30 cents a minute, you better only tweet your BEST stuff. =) (and I do appreciate it!), Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater ~ Albert Einstein, Oms My Nigga Meek Mill Got Off At 106 and Party Big Ups To Lil Homes #NP Shout OutbTo Da While Maybach Music Group, 100th Anniversary of the Titanic. People gone, but never forgotten., I had to do something with my dad LOL, Average in Monona for visibility this week: 3-5 sigs per hour per person. Canvassing will be about 2 hourly. Keep visibility work up., Eddie Moten makes his presence felt as he intercepts a pass and returns it for a touchdown, Preds lead 34-10., I just went to bed without properly flossing my teeth., Thank you for making me listen to "Jessie's Girl" to start my Monday morning., It is funny, I was in a b/w phase and now I am into creating colorful images., S/O 2 All My New Followers New Music Coming Soon :), someone seems to be in a lovely mood tonight lol. Love you AnnaKay!, When a person appears in your dreams, that person misses you., Please tweet at every conference I go to. Thanks for all the reading materials., #yee my brother is getting a haircut!!!!!!, I'm hurt that my top model is not even following me!, Now what? How do we move this forward? Let's create hubs of communications, let's work together, congrats! I lost my voice. I yelled really loud for you. That is all. No, wait- I just made taco salad. You guys can have some., who knows but the thoughts what counts no I got u homie, Filming a video with right now. Super excited for this shot!, Duke takes down Wake Forest 4-1 to advance to the Finals of the #CollegeCup. They'll face Stanford on Sunday at 1pm EST on, say she only fxcked like 4-5 niggas, so you know you gotta multiply by 3, I think it was hershal's son, he wasn't around much...., You're very welcome., No don't do it. Please don't do it., Cool. You get to seen my addictions to motorcycles and science topics along with movies., everywhere. I've been so damn busy. I swear I'm gonna buy a new phone so we can text whenever, Well, I'd rather be a nerd than a dork cause, Did the #OccupyTO protesters make their point(s)? Is it time for them to go? Is there a next step?, I rock the north face., “ i could write a book about how gymnastics has impacted my life and shaped my future. ”, How to Get the Most Out of Your Pay Per Click Marketing Campaign, Thanks Walter. That's so nice of you to say. Tune in at ten., damn, just looked up photos. He is pretty fine., You tell her, Ken!, Just realized that my Myspace page is full of comments from 08. Maybe it's time to kill it. Wish all my friends & family would switch to FB., think that's what we call a therapist :-) or a mom!!, Seriously! And now I live in sunnier climate, so it'll probably happen with more regularity...haha, It’s hard when others demand too much from you. It’s even harder when you demand too much from yourself” - Robert, Im fighting a cold right now!, Thanks for the mention and retweet!, Now THAT'S an acceptance speech. Congrats!, at least this way I can say "you are in clear violation of number 5" when in a meeting., Every time I read our old conversations, I realize how close we used to be., Game Time! get ready Colonials Fans, great football is coming to Kelleher!, Club Techno Sexual., Lol RT : "I can't wait for my favorite rapper to come out with a new CD." - Fucking no one! EVER!, And I hope you like your pictures facing down, as even broken hearts may have their doubts., Thanks for your patience and we'll let you know when the site is back up and running so that you can download your copy of, How come not a single porn star that I follow on twitter has taken me up on my very generous offer to be a "shoulder they can cry on?", Not sure this counts as a word, but 24/7. Makes my eyes bleed to read it., The winner of the rat race is still a rat., I'll be there for clean up in a few, Rain & storms this morning., With at Rep. Kuglitsch's luncheon, listening to Congressman Paul Ryan., Sippin this jack3d before my work out, So many librarians, only so much wifi!, Faith and hard work is what brought success to Orphan V., THIS FRIDAY @ PARTY FOUL!! -STACCATO W/ GINA TURNER LOUISAHH! - THEN WE DO IT AGAIN - SATURDAY @ THE MONTE' V - FLAGSTAFF - GONNA BE NUTS!, Why do people buy into the hype of Black Friday or Cyber Monday? Supporting such madness is a poor reflection on our society., Why is the president's success not seen as the country's success?, I'm good I see you over there with 3k of followers, There's something wrong when you have the AC on in march..., Its my birthday....22 years old....I'm excited!!, The monday after the show is a holiday, so no reason not to come early and stay late as well as enjoy all the after parties FEB19TH, I am in such a god mood right now!!!, Currently experiencing a fail. Hoping my non-returnable order which arrived in shambles can be replaced!, have fun wit that hopefully ur kids nvr find out., will do!, too bad I was at practice?, wow, this cough syrup is no joke. my bones itch., I'm hungry.... And can't wait til the 8th grade dance, I'm on a diet but I'm doin donuts in the 6 speed, scores in third straight game as Team USA remains unbeaten and unscored upon at Worlds., Can't wait to see whats going on here, I love that I made #duhbitchiknow a hashtag on Instagram. I'm gonna wear it out!, Lol feel free to talk smack & don't hold back. That's what I do :), I've recently taken a liking to techno dance music, which odd since I don't dance., Got some sun today<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, According to sources, windows at West Allis City hall board up ahead of today's Neo-Nazi event. #westallis #west allis, Now us #HEAT fan can say MVP to all day b/c he's the official MVP, it's ok u just seemed a little irritated, I wonder who's awake, MT Nice review paper on effects of in-store marketing on #food choices, Am Journal of Preventive, Harvard Stadium?, Thx 2 and the rest of the Sports PR class 4 having me in 2day!, Shit just got real weird, "Old Beliebers loved the old Justin. New Beliebers love the new Justin. TRUE BELIEBERS, love him no matter what." AMEN TO MY TRUE BELIEBERS, Nobody comes close to your UK coverage on here. Keep up the great work my man., Wished I could go to code4lib north. :-( Wil definitely follow twitter backchatter, if any., Great job today !!, I have a feeling Walter White will be supplanting Gus tonight - but it will prove to be more than he bargained for., If it makes you feel better about yourself, go for it. I took Psychology 101 and know all about scapegoating., Big Time Rush played at State Fair last year.. Where you been? They're a Nickelodeon show/group., Plz towhid dont mention him directly....EEeeeehhhhh....they carry dirty diseases.....u might get them, Come to the loading dock., hahaha no I haven't done that. Not on twitter anyway. Phone contacts may have gotten some photo though >.>, was also 5 for 47 at the beginning of the second game I believe?, anybody want to do my bio??!! noo okay!.., What are you eating while your tweeting today?, Heading to Acts Nashville to get some booking done., Sisters big 18th birthday, A man never stands as tall as when he kneels to help a child., Christmas is so over rated!!! Bring on New Years!!!, I'm no poser :'( do you think I'm a poser ?, my phone still not here,im expecting my sht to be here tomorrow..i hate ordering sht lol, My natural hair is long, and I don't want bro cut it. I've seen naturals grow out in sew-ins, so I'm going to try it too., #SuperSacTuesday is TODAY!!!, impromptu family session today at Red Rock Canyon!, 3 sneezes in a row! Means someone is thinking of me :) I'm stuffy, drippy, and dry eyed., Don't mean to take time from your postseason analysis of Stinger, but feel free to respond when you get 90 seconds., I have literally done nothing tonight and it feels wonderful!, RT : #Aries has no patience for your bullshit., yes!!!! Same here, #FF Following all great people,art,food, stylist " " @ Monicasacayalla great products, My last CMS JROTC awards ceremony!, um...... No, no I am not watching that. Lol., Yeah they were. I know they had some financial restraints but Wren really needed to try harder to get some bats this year., So you're already on Twitter!! Glad to find you!, yes you already kno, GAME OF THORNS!!!!!!, You say I'm the one that got away, I keep thinking ' Thank God!', Semper Fi 236th birthday shout-out My #Navy husband served with you & says you're alright :-), I f*cking HATE the tomahawk chop chant at Turner field/ Fulton County Stadium. Bad memories, To my mother Cynthia Clarke, Thank You for your selfless love and for the greatest gift you gave me. The example of loving Christ., Wow, I'm sure you will :) Are you going to SPF too?, God thing my car decided to kick the bucket today...... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>, Omfg!!! I got a new iPod touch today so I actually have two of them!!:) hahah I'm such a brat, Nope, you cant guess, when you find what I'm referring to you will get it. Good try though., Nina Simone's Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood is the best., Gone to see The Third Wheel Band, Where is the rainbow???!, let's get it lil bruh, june 19 .... NO SCHOOL & BELIEVE !, yes! it's real life! hope you can come visit the pop-up :), Good Morning!! Welcome back to another excited Monday.. Today is the day to make new paths that will create history., Tremont, yes or no?, Putting my song up for Free Download off my upcoming mixtape ;) the song is called "Winter Of The Heart (Produced by. Anno Domini Beats)", Been a weirdo ever since the doctor said push, also, we dont use myspace too much anymore. add us on facebook! we always got it updated! www.facebook.com/wearesocontagious, haha nah we only hung out for a while yesterday., happy birthday S/O to my boy, sometimes I have to fake it., The best way to predict the future is to create it. – Peter Drucker, He was awesome! RT : This one is my pick for Love me some Leroy., Third Afghan NATO death in one day, That was it. Thank you!!, congratulations Nate!, I wanna pre game =), next year maybe we'll try the bnf approach and bring everyone up on the stage at once! :), That first love is the sweetest, But that first cut is the deepest., My mom is weeing like the progressive pig -_-, Wade calls injury &#39;best-case scenario&#39;, I know yall (MALES!) happy bout boosie i understand ... I am too ... But give his dick some air plz lol ... Yall actin like chicks, RT : went to go see the avengers with and c;, of course! Looks like a great exhibit., great description :D Thank you so much!, Simplicity is so amazing., The license plate frame in front of me says navy seal muff diver. Is that real thing or is that naughty?, Can you say SPEEDO? (JK, threw up in my own mouth as I wrote that), RT : So, last question wildcard. Q4: What are you doing w/ your Megamillions winnings? :), Ok if you think so, Of course., ^^MUCH LOVE & RESPECT^^ Thank You 4 The #FollowFriday Mention! #youdabes (pronounced you da best), twitter isn't the real world??, What's the point of waiting, if you've got nothing to lose., Rock on!, #wildwesley wobble what what, Thanks for the link yesterday!, It's not often that I take a break from working but I so need to get back to #couponing, #mealplanning &, way 2 lazy right now 2 scroll back through me tweets 2 find the poll that initially started this convo between me &, Marijuana...cocaine...heroine.... That's boring., We think moms should run! more moms in office!, haha yeah we kinda have been strangers :P and its alright, The collective IQ of this accounting class has slowly declined since 10 am., WHIP CREAM WALLSTREET......Also FUN !!!!!, tomorrow or Thursday?, You know what's a great song? "Warm Spell" by The Church. Seems like a trifle until you get to II., The most popular international McDonald's location is located in Moscow., Oh demetria, you are always fashionably late...ALWAYS, she was jealous! LOL, One more review and I'm caught up *dances*, they are weak up the gut. DT MLB S. And the right side of the OL.. ., just made me want to run out when I saw it come up!, Thanks so much for the RT!, In my village! I am in the middle of nowhere, I take bucket showers and go to the bathroom in a hole. Everything is so new!, Thank you! That means a lot!, with poplyfe management..., I am not inferior!, Excited to see Childish Gambino tonight with some of the crew, past and present., i vote for Artie, i love pete and pete. but i've never seen dr. who, so, i guess that makes me biased., Mrs. just taught Miss to use a coaster., Lets Go Packers! Lets go!! Charlie reppin Plano East boi!!, 2 days left to enter the drawing for a 42" TV. What's the first thing you'll watch if you win?, I've already updated my calendar! EEk!, Unbelievable workout today!! My arms are starting to not look like a girls., Think the other way around, future boy., Hyatt Regency La Jolla, Dan Diego area., ": Love that infographic, but I want to know how no one missed that mistake!" It was the excitement, I'm sure!, Not crazy expensive. OPI is $10 a pop. 3 colors plus a bag plus the profit going to Obama. Okay deal., A belated congratulations on your new position. I look forward to seeing you next semester and learning more about DH!, "Daddy issues", Glad I got NFL Sunday Ticket while I wait for the Saints to come on at 3pm., How many breakfast spots do you have? We've got 6! YUM!, My cat is so needy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, thanks for the RT, Colar! How are you?!, yeah Vivian we all know ur the bada** of the group, “: she's out of her mind! #needsalife” #needsahaircut she hates mee lol, Hahah I try., have a safe trip! love you !, Wow...there were some great young speakers at the #YMCA MLK Breakfast this morning!, Did I reallu just say Orgasm instead of Organism in front of my science class, We will! Thanks!, Goodbye, Monday. Hello #Zumba!, It's a great feeling, Wish we knew about it - Us entrepreneurs would of loved to attend! Hope to be there next year!, Really cold in Jerusalem! Hail falling in the capital (snow expected SAT night) and 1st graders saying "Snow, snow, I cant believe...", Hey, you and Simmons are co-workers now, so keep it friendly, time to amp up my swaqq XP, students should be used to the crazy weather by now, right ? I'm sure they'll still make #MayFest fun :), Ask me in September. If the team wins 70 games as expected, then the homegrown players aren't good., Moët slushees. Yes f**king please..., "Mom it's ok to not wear your hat to take us to school. Bald is your style, & it looks good on you." My 5 yr. old., These white girls are going crazy in this warm weather diablo it aint that hot., "Commitment leads to Action....Action brings ur dreams closer."....Thank you baby jesus!! =p, Our likes are at an unlucky number! Somebody else like our band! lol, o gosh lol Idk I didnt think it was bad lol hate Chain Letters too!=/, How was your Monday? Redstar living and feeling good! ;), Olivia Wilde is gorgeous. Her eyes get me every time!, lol thats why i was gonna go together, so I'm waiting on my music from hope I get some when I get to NY, so did you get to go flying today?, No Twitter. I DON'T WANT TO USE THE NEW VERSION. QUIT EFFING ASKING. My god, it's like you're a 6 yr old asking the SAME question over&over., PS- the bike ride was amazing, and honestly a lot less scary than I thought it would be!, I want some liquor and herb for this session, eating baguette sandwich. feeling like I'm in Oxford. Abilene wind knocks it out of my hand. reality check., *hug* thank you., true story! :), thank you but I think James Maslow probably thinks I'm a horrible person too and I don't blame him if he does, Big event today #popcorn fans so we will miss you on the streets of DC. Check us out tomorrow. We'll be poppin' by., Religious May-hem « The Lady Expounds, Please pass along, what up SG? What's good my dude? My email is, is anyone playing ff13 two and how is it, She went to the gym without me..........knowing I wanted to work out.............says I needed sleep..........she's right but fuck that lol, You'd think that appl could afford a dedicated wifi ap and Internet link for their demos!, Merry Christmas Bret! Hope you, Diana & kids have a blessed, awesome day!!, I really hope no one actually buys their kids "kids bop" cd's, Without a generous caloric intake, weight training alone will over time make you lean, not large or bulky, Always have a deeper appreciation for video editing after I spend a day doing it, You looked into my eyes...and my heart melted <3, Sidine chicks be trying to make themselves wifey . I don't understand; your a sideline for a reason You won't be placed as a oringinal, I want to do something today. But what? :l, Zoe blames herself when one of her friends faces a health crisis & she didn’t notice the symptoms = #HartofDixie is ALL NEW TONIGHT at 9/8c, ewwww <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> hope it works and you feel better soon, RT : Dogs arguing that nihilism expresses the most virtuous, practicable utopia, and citing the nearest object as evidence., When your ex calls you babe -___-, A lady might contact me about a job today. :D, You could sit on your patio today OR you could come to ours and we'll wait on you hand and foot!, MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree., Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon. ~Author Unknown, Snack like a pro with the rich and nutty taste of Heartland Creamery Landmark Aged Goat Gouda $5.49/lb. more than 50% off!, If not us, who? If not now, when? If not a Taco, then what?, well hello there!, wish i went to the ciity more. i love it there <33, If Indiana is a 4 the badgers have to be at least a 4, Hi, bitches. I'm back., Kevin Allen joins the guys next to discuss the NHL Playoffs., My hands itchin of winning a future knicks bet ...Lls., one more question if u ever have free time u should mention me and try to follow me id like that ooh and then u could DM me, That sounds like a great plan but I don't know if I want to do 2 TMs in a year. lol, Congrats on the excellent presentations today Crisis PR, Somewhere my Grandmother is changing the channel wondering why this woman is screaming into the microphone..., shine away., Reading the revisions to what will be ThoughtFly Press's first novel. All I can say is...it ain't no Twilight., Also collecting pennies for the Ronald Mcdonald House - part of Rady's children hospital., that's down in Austin at, My nerves, Thanks for following! Can't wait to visit again!, YaY will ! sometimes if we only let things play out, we'll understand the purpose, one that is renewed every time we wake up, watching 'money from strangers' for the first time. hilarious., you welcome hun :), I LOVE YOUR VIDEO, ALL DAYS, Hi Karen! No travel partner needed! ;) There will be many traveling alone that we can pair together! Come see Israel!, Scalp Problem Model search list Model search events are a great way to find modeling agencies and become a model, I love remont, Then why does your BF admit you are nice, what makes you think you're not as good as u say we are, because-, I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 53, Thanks for your nice comments about the BLC! We'll make sure you are well-fed and comfortable!, youre the man!, Thanks, guys!, I really shouldn't have ate all that good... Again. ... Someone rub my gut?, RT Suite in Epic Center is racist as hell. I will NEVER patronize that establishment. <<<Please follow, Last day of track ! :), Wow Buffon what the fuck are you doing., I FUCKEN LOVE THAT SONG! .... NO LIE(:, hahaha look at that cutie!, I play with"real" live(musicians) bands,not loops or sequencers or tracks,thats how I"roll"....OK?, Can it be March 23rd already?, what are those?, Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. - Rumi, Attitudes are contagious. Are yours worth catching? ~Dennis and Wendy Mannering, It's not easy bein' breezy!, my bad was sleep wen u hit me, First commercial 787 flight! Congrats to Boeing and Japan!, Hey thanks! Congratulations to you!, I love being ignored.. #thefunnest!, I'm still I guess "technically" overweight but it's more muscle. Skin fold says average :) bmi is a liar, specifically, firefox on my PC . Have seen the same problem in chrome as well more frequently lately. Haven't tested on a mac yet., "Speak your heart out." -Paul, we'll take it!, Too much <U+E047> all in one night #feeling shitty, DM me the acct tel #, i'll check and make sure everything is in order on my end, #DavidGraziano "Tell me the number you'll accept?" <-question gets asked of candidate and the hiring manager before problems start, Watching the Golden Globes, are you? Share your thoughts., RT : Q8: DO U HAVE ANY HEALTHY GADGETS THAT HELP U TO STAY ON TRACK W/ UR FITNESS GOALS? IF SO, SHARE, loves getting paid to workout. One of the best jobs ever. Second to working in a library, of course., Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!, Give Mom the gift of good health this #MothersDay- bring her down to FITzee to shop, stock up, and bond!, no worries, it looks better on Opry anyway :), A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience., follow me on skypeeeeee i added you like the day u tweeted it still #pendingrequest :(, Why the fuck are girls always so moody, right , and my cardinal teacher she cares about us a little too much ! she stay in somebody fucking business, I don't think you can overstate the importance of Seau to San Diego. The only other pro athlete with a bond as deep is Tony Gwynn., Phone a friend. Walk away. Say no to domestic violence. If you are that angry, take a deep breath and take a break b4 u end up in jail., Thank you sir!! Im glad you like it! :), Guys, I have unfortunate news. Teamwork dropped off the Jammin' for Japan show next week. BUT Voted Most Random will fill the empty spot. (:, How'd the night shift job end up? I think everyone in #educ5224 is curious..., To manage a system effectively, you might focus on the interactions of the parts rather than their behavior taken separately., The time to beat for the Lamp & Ballast Retrofit was set by Lambros Tsnaras from Monterra Apt Homes! 31.76 seconds..., if you are interested in being on PTL - contact producer Jill Neely at - thank you for your interest!, I guess ill get up at 730 to go see Ro to hook me up.. My head is on jacked mode.., Yeah! ": Wow!! I see that as pretty freaky cool since you both followed me really close in time", It is great to talk to administrators like those in Danville Community Schools who are are really seeking to innovate education. Great work!, Luke 10/'7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer" -, In 1969, 42% of children walked to school. Today over 80% are driven to school., So the show jus had a fire alarm really... Ya'll make popcorn all day how the hell you set a fire... Smh, well next 2 are free bc im slick, like yahhhh :p arent you sick?, u where awesome in ur last episode!, Show Lost Language some tribe love <3 great band from Birmingham, Aabama., that's made me wanna poke my own eyes out sum ppl just should not dance, Wow, thanks so much for the high praise! We're glad to offer a little comfort food on dreary days., Valentine's day is going to be great this year. #:), I agree with a hearty AMEN!!! Control is a delusion, Yup. It's a fave., RT : #Productivity Fact: An uncluttered workspace increases your ability to focus on the task at hand., Shout out to for picking me up from the club in my own car, Respect has a value. It's worth more then the little bit of money you might make losing it., And its still fuck you nigga, Welcome to MLA! I'm looking forward to a great Monday., Just gonna let it flow and ride it with it, getting a kick out of Grayson's beef w/Brookwood. Really impressed with the creativity of the rap vids these kids made., Judicial restraint was a conservative principle when I first bought in to it., Hanging with my woman today...naked..., You could build a stronger audience if 's website was inclusive of EVERY TV provider...AHEM!, oh heck freaking yes \o/, Did you know you can book your cab, monitor progress and pay your fare with your #TaxiMagic app? www.broadwaycab.com, Finds his german seatmate's exuberance infectious: refers to 747s as monsters, says marinas are tight like Holland. Lil Dieter learns to ..., how was your day.!?, Although it's hardly a surprise, it's still weird (& awesome) to think the Clippers just won a playoff series., Thanks Neal! Hope that you will be joining us as 12:30 PT?, okay, i got some of em pulled up, Total bummer. I wish Ralph the best., oh my ok, I want to thank everyone for all your love and support. We are moving ahead so close to having our EP done. Keep showing the love you..., Wow super good US Open semifinals game, Djokovic vs Federer!, Wanna see me draw terrible pics & try to guess them? My username on Draw Something is DamonDylan Play if you dare, Having fun screen printing simulated process & full color process prints., All these 20th anniversary of "insert title of an album from the 90s here" tours are getting me excited for the eventual 2013 Cantaloop tour, LOVE campaigning in Lockport. Really nice people in a picturesque city, an important part of the soul of, rocked the halftime!! Fergie and Slash was f'ing awesome!!, You bite like cigarettes and pickles., Spoke with an old friend last night. Literally inspired me to write a dope relationship song looking forward to recording it., HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!:), “: Good morning! ” thanks! Good morning to you., where are y'all able to buy one? I though it was still sold out.., Mega quote! "#jedward may have a large penthouse apt , but after 10.30 I have the whole bus station to myself " - Steve Brookstein, I don't know you .?, I miss listening to MCR. Gonna do that all day today., Was it just sour grapes or was it true when a relative told me that the best social networkers have no lives and pretend to be someone else?, Nothing will please Boehner., ok, it's official, I have seen the first Godfather movie., Just finished up some work with our friends in Canada. Catch you all later, I'm officially tired/bored of packing. ::dramatic sigh::, Radio edit for Come Undone is in the works!!!, Dieter Rams?, Thank you so much! I greatly appreciate that!! Hugs!, nothing much just creating master peaces.. hows the music coming ?, let's go!, To this day I still can't pop a bubble with bubble gum wtf I'm so ashamed lol, Heading over to the studio to mix first release...should have out by end of week! #ohsnap!, May is right around the corner...any guesses on what our May Pedicure Special will be???????????, Will do., Overslept and now looking for my utz. #fb Must finish LE Sketchbook today!, Keep up with the latest news from the American Botanical Council. Follow us today!, it's just real funny u was all team magic now team lebron like I said ship jumper because u was all for team magic that's why, great day and even better celebration!!!, Just trust your heart, aww ok...so is that where u live, #10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to meet so so bad. She has seriously made such an impact on my life., that wats up i hope they win it will be a big one if they do, Pirates, Penguins and Power won, today!!! PITTSBURGH, BABY!!! That's where I'm from!!!, that's right CB, I've got 3 booked for Tuesday, waiting for one more to jump in. 10AM-Hillcrest, 11:30AM-MIssion Valley, 4PM-U Heights so far, Terrace baby, for competing project called Foundry Row. Kimco wants grocery anchor, but Wegmans has signed letter of intent to open at Foundry Row ... 2/3, #GiveObamaCreditfor... conserative Hastag Games. He'll take the credit for it anyhow., Good question. All have strengths. RT : Who do you trust with your photos, docs, etc.? Microsoft, Google, Dropbox, Mozy, Carbonite?, Forist: it's not so much about us, but where we are and our visitors, - kel, did i do that right? (i'd forgotten that my HC page is linked to twitter and linked in so . . ., Mumford & Children, #Nf hey thanks for watching the show tonight fb!, good thanks, how about you?, K I'll see if I can steal a car, Want to clarify, that is 30% LESS than avg natl salary, not 30% of., Gonna listen to my horoscope so I can have a good day today., Solid, solid show from tonight. Saved some of their better material for the end, but that's to be expected., Where is ? Skipping? Hah, About to watch, By this weekend? :( dang. We're opening distribution in MS in weeks!, #CollaborativeLaw - Conflicted spouses can protect the children., just what I needed tonight. Thank you!, yes, robots., haha it's cool :) and that's good!, Yea. what a shitstorm, Barley watching the Manchester City game, Reading out loud to the boyfriend on the couch. So, a normal weeknight., Our spanish teacher put as cooter on the projecter hahahahaha, now now..you only get a hug nothing more..lol..hm don't know when will that happen, Lied too once again, #LiveMusic today at 5 with Chris Johnson..... Come see us!!!, #SykesWantsBirthdaySex This fan base is great. :), thnks for the reads Erik, I did the interview process 4 years ago with them so I had completely forgotten. It was great that they sent me a copy though., I wish fast food restaurants served lunch food in the morning ...breakfast food is disgusting ...., I'm just really curious how the Canucks plan to keep the cup from the kings? Burning down LA?, Are you an "artist" jake??, what is some advice for new upcoming artists?, Smokes up, my friend!, Half the people getting mentioned in the #NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead have "YOLO" in their bio's., I just woke up from the tweet sound on my phone. Your lucky :), I got yer clouds covered :), BIG Congrats! You have made our lives easier! Keep up the good work!, I don't know how I feel about the bible being referred to as a best-selling book. Reading some weird #watchtower lit., . and - appreciate the RTs today! <Two great people to follow!, Sleeping alone<<<<< That might be one of the only things I miss not having every night. A warm cuddle buddy :p, Whew times have changed!, what happen, them niggas ran you out of Taylor so u trynna hide here?, Marketing a brand is different than human to human contact... most time we walk in w/ preconceived notions., “: Do y'all think Usher ever got to make love in that club, in that club, in that club?”, I'm having it right now! Lol :-), Ordered thai food and watching #rhobh, it better be good., I have to watch my lil bro today but hey I get $20 for it, Bakersfield takes the lead 71-69 against Idaho!, Thanks for the follow! ,,,,, You are such a strong person for doing what you are doing with you mother and father. What kind of health is she in?, Im very lighted headed right now, i dont have a phone., Hey buddy thank you for posting my video. I have a new one that i think you would love., what you buying, Celebrating Rickey Hendersons bday tomorrow instead. Best lead off hitter ever and no wars were fought in his name., We're giving away tickets Come and get em!, This licensing company wanna license some tracks for some commercials and films. i already got enough on my plate. I need another me., We're chuffed to announce as an official sponsor of #THATCamp Games!, takin my lil sister outside because my brorher is to lazy 2 do it., No problem Angela, try searching for Selton, there on Spotify I believe. There a great indie Italian band!, Bruh May finna be a scary month, Has my savior come by yet to kill my "friends?", Follow me on twitter. What you already do...., Thank you!! RT : Keep up the good work Matt &lt;3 I hope you get far, you deserve it :), Next week starting Monday, 4/16 with RT : when are you announcing artists for summer jam?, Hmm. Maybe I do need to check myself before I wreck myself. Hehe., Agreed. I got goosebumps. Great tribute., T-pain on the court can't hit free throws an now goal tends... I play better pick up ball, HAPPY DRINKO DE MAYO!, Happy Holidays everyone!!!! Don't forget to rock our sister page Rock This Restaurant, not very strong beer lol, in the bath, oh, no! Only 7 minutes left to chat with the bloggers. womp, womp., I Caught A Cold, &My Whole Body Hurts. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> Great., Judge Mike Petty of Cedar Hill needs2be removed or disbarred! Its not right wut he is doing to kids&families in his crt! Its ab LAW&JUSTICE, Your the key to my soul., i tried but she gave me a funny look. so i tried to get a picture to show you and she ran away hahaha im being, I think his life is pretty much ruined already., problem solved, Yea it's 2:30 and I'm drinkin so f off, so one page is 4 updates & one is 4 ur own use?, Whats going on with everyone? wheres the party at tonight?, Easy to second guess, but a nine point lead here would be nice instead of 8, what it say, If you could only bring 1 fitness accessory on an extended backpacking trip, what'd it be? I'm thinking my speed rope., Thank goodness for computers. OMG does my handwriting suck., If you need a gift for Father's Day, I'll be signing copies of The Bearded Gentleman at Borders on Market St in SF on June 19 (2 to 5pm), Thanks again Mike!, I have the best friends in the world. Thank you for all of your support. I will not give up, I will not let people succeed in destroying me., #Justified holy shit that's how you start a show!, So many effing penalties., Absolutely loved Midnight in Paris. Can't remember last time I enjoyed a new movie this much. I can haz Paris now, plz?, This would get you more votes..., Weak minded muthafuckas do weak shit intelligence is better than anything, Congrats, #GWU, on knocking down yet another building., True. RT : I just figured out whom Romney reminds me of: Ward Cleaver (Hugh Beaumont) from "Leave It to Beaver"., I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color, but one day you're going to need me to complete your picture..., Ive officially givien up on the puzzle for the night... My bed just calls to me... Goodnight everyone!, Broncos should hold onto Tebow atleast for his healing powers cause Mannings neck gonna need it sooner than later, Neat. RT : Don't think a 6:40 first pitch is going to happen, Wife has declared she will punch the next person who correctly pronounces "Bon Iver" in conversation.Want to take her to a party in Brooklyn, Thanks for the RT (Google Heads up Display Glasses). We appreciate it!, Awwh thanks! :D I hope you do well too isa, Wanna try something new..., aha on my way to a scholarship interview, in Mukilteo is so slow. Never in and out in under 15., maybe it's my windchime ;), Why am I at work?!, Fleury and Duper with the "Good Guy" Award ... Yea buddy!, I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a steak picado burrito today. Food truck guy at AET campus was super nice and let me eat on credit!, had an awesome birthday yesterday. Got a nice surprise for dinner last night, homemade chicken and dumplings. YUMMY!!, no spoilers!!!, well i think i'll shut down early tonite world ... just wasnt my time ., “: Guess I couldn't have been any more wrong about Game 2 being a wake up call to the #Flyers.” // Same. ::sigh::, As the on-call weekend reporter, your tweets are not giving me much hope for escaping my apartment anytime soon!, It's funny how one person can make your whole day. ¦, I forget to forward commercials.. #Grimm "everything has an end only the sausage has two" Ha!, you said you were gonna follow me:( you didnt., Im so bored txt me lol, In 1948, I begin a serious intellectual quest for a method to eliminate social evil. _Martin Luther King, Jr., Dude where's my car?, Critical Thinking Wk 14: Alexander the Great told Aristotle he should not publish his ideas. Others should not know his strategy., Deep Blue Organ Trio at Nick's in Chicago's Wicker Park tonight at 10 pm., "A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on." - Winston Churchill, aww okay thats what I figured, Let's GO DUKE! GTHC!!!, One customer down...three to go....Another Busy day at Banks PC Repair Plus!!!, The sun was shinin earlier, And now its black outside. The fuck?, Absolutely! Any time you have any questions or need me!, I like a chick dat can rhyme, Without it, Resveratrol would degrade or be filtered out in a shorter time. It’s kind of like a natural time release mechanism., Mind over matter, Might not be the best approach for us if we are seeking to win our game in life or this week, Who on the team wanna get something to eat right now?, Agatha Christie "The secret of getting ahead is getting started.", Hoping that this rumor is just that....., This little game of one-on-one reminds me how much I DON'T miss basketball ., Beyond excited for all of my friends going through placement tonight!! Love y'all!!, Tip of the day: if you want to be the president then alls you got to do is make presidential decisions, Car sped up through a puddle and splash my whole body. Probably a grumpy Hoosier, Omg I wanna laugh so bad right now, I miss summer. Or spring for that matter., omg I'm dying laughing ! lol, Being Alone Sometimes Makes Shit Worst, thank you! RT: “: Done! By the way, love that you remixed 're awesome.”, have I told you lately that I love you?, bday shout out to my nigga, Why am I the last one chosen when I could be out there showing my best., Thanks for all of the +K's :), can't wait, I know! Especially the Yale database that finally adds the functionality of Amazon to image searching., Meeting with Andrew for CC processing capabilities., I agree but I would be disappointed if I was told "HighRes Available for download" and got a 2100 pixel jpeg. Would others?, new music soon niggas, just be patient., Progress: Email and texting have ushered in an era where you now worry instantaneously if someone is ignoring you., Thanks for the follow ! Great game today., Don't play the game if all you're going to do is lose., I hate to replicate the experience of live tweeting an event. SXSW was not a fun week to be on Twitter., Crazy ah i love justin bieber ..... i love his video Boyfriend OMG. Hi is so sexy hihi ....., Ha!! Universal remote for an air conditioner?! WTF?! Get up, turn it on, sit back down!!, You can find out your personal risk for #diabetes for free. Learn more by texting HEALTH to 300400., As long as you like it, that's all that matters! (I tweeted that before that song got AMAZING.), Final score for #somet12 vote Round 1: 2,023 MKE | 752 Lehigh Valley! Thanks to and for getting the word out!, #RVA homeless service providers are in LA for the #NAEH Conference on Ending Family and Youth #Homelessness thanks to local funder, Can you and Teller make our government and the whores on Wall Street (the ones inside) disappear?only magic will save us now.., .!++~! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --, Channel some Bill Withers and make it "a lovely day"!, The trees help a lot. Nature has a calming effect. Post rain it smells good. n sounds good. V soothing, Only if she weighs the same as a duck., (Rich) Wow... Couple of possible Class A EVP's now from Nick. Look forward to analyzing further. Still have my audio and video to review!, Big up Lawd! Forward movement!, no prob; very thoughtful article, thanks! Btw what do you think of representations of the middle ages in video games?, Great job...funny sheet, Marcelo scores Madrid's first ! #realmadrid 1 - 1 Athletic Bilbao., the week we we're on vacation killed my queue. I have 10hrs of commute a week which helps., Stoked to see tonight., yesterday by atmosphere.. that is my song., Love it! That's the best thing ever!, She never works out and she's a perfectionist! RT : The fact that follows me makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside, my sister forgot to log out of facebook haha someones getting hacked by me lol, I hate to sound like Grammar Nazi, but every time someone begins a story with "Me and _____..." I immediately disregard what they say, RT : Get a FREE Chick-fil-A meal tonight when you drop off a new teddy bear for Rady Children's Hospital! From 5-8pm, I'm the fireball of the party., I love but haven't watched - need to check it out soon!, i dont care about your problems. if that makes me a bitch then so be it., Thanks for Disco-ing with us! It was fabulous!, THE PICKLE's first shot goes off at 7 p.m. tonight. Everyone's excited. Thank you for ALL YOUR SUPPORT. More soon! -THE PICKLE crew., lol what? We got to pick whatever types of teams we wanted., Today was the perfect Sunday... Bagels , Adventuring, organizing, Italians, sun, relaxation, cookout... What more could I want ?, lol im gonna miss you too !!!!, That was by far one of the scariest dreams ever., if you ate bread like me you would learn to like it too, We are heading to our first event for the day. Tweeting more soon., Way to go! RT : Thanks for the new page likes! We've reached over 5,000 fans on Facebook!, Back to the summer weather this week!, Congrats on getting your Tickets! Be on the lookout for REDD!, GM ^_^ "Happy Mothers Day"!!! Who run the world? #Girls!, Eddie will always be loved and missed... He did so much for so many!!!, Out in this sun, im loving it ;), #istandgrand please follow me!!, Good question! My girl sorta has an arrest warrant in Nevada (long story) so she can't come. And all my vacay is used up this yr., y'all send okc would beat the Spurs....thoughts?, God is just plain old good!, Life is too short to hold grudges or hate. Enjoy the time you have now with your loved ones because tomorrow is not promised., (AP) -- Federal judge stays Barry Bonds' sentence of house arrest, pending appeal, We booked 15 people for a commercial shoot in Memphis yesterday! And more to come! WOOHOO! NY's turn! :)), I keep a bottle of sriracha in the car, in case some tacos pop off!, We're number 23 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for San Francisco, CA. www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret. Thanks for your support!, Will Gluck is hilarious w/ his 600 people are responsible for the Internet comment., cool slideshow, D.C. is conservative and Spain is a progressive place…seems to make sense!, Dawn's famous!!!!, well u see i was suppose 2 see the lorax today bt it started at 1:20 so meanwhile i watched most of mirror mirror & some HG, 2nd round and on is the best part of thee draft. Love it!, Yes we are! We have been & are currently located in Alb. serving all of NM., The public doesn't worry about my transmission because it's never televised., Just created our first newsletter. If you want to be on the mailing list please send us your email., Before you judge someone evaluate your life. Nobodys better than another!, I have never listened to Emarosa much >.<, More sun, more fun! Woo! RT - First day of Spring! 82 degrees in Indy!! Wonder what the Summer will bring...?, Woke up, Did I mention that we r giving away gift certificates 2 Roy's, Carmelo's, Moonshine and other places for participating in the cell phone dr?, Have you logged into Google+ today? This week?, Snooki is having a baby what, The flying lawnmower is the reason we are amazing, D'oh! Forgot not only my portable drive, but my thumb drive as well. Looks like I'll be catching up on emails for a while until I get home., Money is happiness, but you can't pay hookers with smiles so.... who knows., lol i can't help it, Now, an in-depth look at several common web interactions: Mobile to the Future w/ Luke Wroblewski (), author of Mobile First!, Sup KC have u checked over at TiPB.com for tips?, you are a legend. Hey KSU, Holy shitballs...my mother is pregnant again, with baby #7. I'm gonna be the Liesl of my very own Von Trapp family., #schoolmemories the balloon hat guy and MySpace . Only will understand, yes! Love him!!, MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE THAT HAS A FEATURE I WANNA SEE YOU THERE!!!!! ITS GOING DOWN, swear to God just saw an exact replica of Carlos at school. yes Carlos from btr. LOL, crazy how I was one of your 200 followers and now I'm part of this BIG family of close to #18millionbeliebers.<3, Holy SHIT! Omg I was bawling and now I'm baffled., I hope that wasnt a subtweet cuz im not shallow sweetheart, Bay View Bash is rocking. Come down for a chorizo, bbq chicken, Italian sandwiches! ! Corner of russell and logan., RT : The spread of the 49 Fire has been stopped. Crews will mop the area through this evening., Thats that shit that drives me crazy., Aww, thanks! Wish I had better numbers to go off of, but even so, it has been totally fascinating watching this whole thing. :D, Smelly feet puts me off a person so much, hope yours don't :L, I sometimes try to visualize the better things in life, but sometimes there's just some people who are in my way, fucking me over., how does a play in game go to a 14 seed?, God is really convicting me tonight of who I am. I am so humble that my faults are being revealed and that I may be cleansed of my sin., Did you know: As a female applicant you don't have to answer questions about your religious or cultural beliefs, What a long but very very good weekend..., Road trip!, pick your poison, I got you., Aw my Bestfriends hugged me real tight (': gave me 2 hugs¢, Message to world: This is America. We are rebuilding the Twin Towers better than ever-- while Bin Laden rots in hell. Don't tread on us., Thanks so much!! has the best shows and we love I am sure you follow them already but if not..., Come back!!!! P.S. Miss you chickadee <3, Sorry, I ran out of lighter several semesters ago., please don't grow up too fast stay innocent as long as possible...your cousin Kai says Hey, I just love when my "friends" add my ex on Facebook... NOT!!!!, Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet? - L.M. Montgomery, well guess what!? I'm coming home Thursday! And I'll be home all weekend.. #bakedgoodsexpected :), #imabelieberbecause he helped me in the worse moments of my life. He gives me hope. And he cares and loves all of his fans., Too bad LAC don't understand shot selection in 4th qtr or the Griz would be heading for JT's links tomorrow, wmyb never gets old, I love some brandy, np thank you too(:, We have some great parties lined up next week to end the year with: Cinco de Mayo at Valhalla and Beer Ball on Friday!, The Panthers also can clinch the Southeast Division with a win against Winnipeg and a Washington regulation loss on Monday in Tampa Bay., Have a great day!, It's like Jordan's quote: I've missed more than 9000 shots, 300 games ...I've failed over and over again. And that is why I succeed., As someone who does post openings, I would say both., i see your true colors, WIRED mag named David krakauer one of 50 most likely to change the world. WID as a greenhouse experimenting with hybrids, Chilled Saturday!, oh I see, With my love get'n some food then relaxing for the night .. Spring Fling Festival Tomorrow NIGHT in Long Beach, BE THERE !, Extra innings on the way as Blinn and Galveston are tied at 1, lists as a CHUMP RT Gerard talks about how daughter would be harmed by altmire's position against HCR law, Sorry I missed you in NYC last month.Congratulations on Grammy nom. Would love to talk about some projects., I don't trip about 1st time prom girls b/c most of them I plan on being late...and it always happens but still, am I missing something?, get down to 618 s. Michigan! right now!, Working out while traveling is always a #challenge this weeks blog post will be how I faired, At Library of Congress to see 's lecture on the James Webb Space Telescope. I <3 big telescopes., About to be 's exactly overprotective bf... I can't let this heaux leave Rochester without me! Lol, Indiana - my Godson's First Communion is tomorrow., Here's hoping for a speedy recovery, Tim! I have been looking for you!, My mom look about 20 with her hair short.. Maybe she can find her a new man.. *crosses fingers*, Contact Mojo's World by E-mailing, Who else?, I'm not sure I'd make a very good evangelist given that I've got a total of 266 tweets after 4+ years with this account., This sounds like fun. #bucks and #BucksBango say will be at game tonight. Will Bango dunk over the NFL MVP?, Tonight. Skylark. Party time!!!, R.I.P. "W.H.".....A GREAT VOICE AND A GREAT PERSON HAS LEFT US., for lunch meeting. Love this airy setting! <hearts>, Probably my last time riding the bus, driving next year!, ": Why do I have a Bud Light in my fridge? Oh well...I'm drinking it!" Was probably mine, ABSOLUTELY! RT If they're bringing the Cosmos back then #SportingKC needs an alternate 3rd kit Spurs Uniform, I am finally leaving T-Mobile and Straight Talk going with Virgin Mobile USA after carefully researching on $$$ savings, quality and freedom, I used to be productive, until I downloaded Minecraft. Now I am virtually productive!, Time for the festivities to begin, #levilowrey is an all-american son of bitch., unfortunately not. Gotta get back to the city. You can probably lure Frank "second wind" Gruber out however., well shit, i hope you sleep well man. I'm still wide awake -__-, TBH, I just flipped out when I saw that pic and didn't even read or view the rest of the post ;), I'll seriously come to Dublin and burn your house down., Closing for no: If a client is stringing you along it is better to let him know it is ok to tell you no. Free yourself to pursue new matters, 90s wage growth meant you could 2x income in 30 years. With today's #wagegrowth, it would take 300 years. Janice Eberly, I jus play wit my check u kno i been had cake, Do you mean info on the discounted Disneyland tickets or more general info?, hey cherry plum, Good you ;), RIP: Former First Lady, Betty Ford. Condolences to the family., Is it acceptable to include Van Halen's "Panama" on a greatest songs ever playlist or am I simply privileging my youth?, Happy Mother's Day! :D, All of us can think of a book... that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove t, *Wanted* Director of Cinematics for a European A Games Developer - contact .uk, I'm not saying the girls in our school are easy but they've been under more sheets then the K., yes it is LoL, i dont know it just says coming soon lol, I'll definitely drop by during #SDBW to see you and How long will you guys be in town?, Lmao, that was a failure., Thanks for the conversation and showing me around NYC and !, been following you for years you are a great business man and creator, #oomf is really feeling themselves' a little too much, but hey someone's gotta do it., Dear #NCAA, Figure it out. Let play already. The 6th Amendment should apply to you also., Thanks for the shoutout today about our pink promo with the Sports Hub!, Music at Mumbai: Nicole Elizabeth, vocal jazz and trio 4/7, You Aint the only one but that was last year they threw out the case for me doe, health insurance companies can, and will, continue to charge the consumer whatever they want., According to SWE’s project manager, (name)...is project manager capitalized?, Other people often buy pain medication to ease neck pains, however, medicating is not enough. You need to know its root cause first!, I was nauseous and tingly all over... I was either in love or I had smallpox. ~ Woddy Allen, he kept him up outta respect, Mama says "It's a girl" and she's NEVER been wrong!, What is the value of a parcel of land that no one uses and very few even are aware exists? Plow it..., Law & Order: SVU is the shit., So slow at work today that the phone ringing startled my boss and me., Thanks for helping get the word out. :), haha okay then!, Everyone check out tonight at 6pm CST, 7 for us east coasters. I love the idea and think it's great that they're doing it., Want to see Death Cab For Cutie at Mud Island on Wednesday? Tag and in a tweet and you might win a pair of tickets!, I fix computers.........in Las Vegas.......I run a shop......it's on spring mountain and jones...... (702) 641-5555....don't fear the reaper, my dad aaid he would pay me $15 if you reaponded to me saying you love me(: worth a shot!, Why does coffee taste so damn good even though I'm not allowed to drink it?, You know, Canada is home to some great wildlife, and Calgary is nice this time of year., #LSU athletics wants YOU to go to room 51 in Himes Hall and fill out a survey about what sports you would like to see at varsity level (LAX), Love the new pictures! I have a couple new favorites in them. :) They mad e my day a whole lot better, Hon!, Can Indiana, really celebrate, winning over us with no Dwight Howard, I mean cmon, no way they win the series if we had him., People I don't know following me. They're have connections to R. Hedley. Did he send them? Do they have flyonwall technology?, Celebrate Cinco de Quatro tonight - art, music, entertainment, food and more!, Rubio: Look, Obama could give this same speech, only better. But the media is interested in me and I wanted a hashtag., Good Morning. :o You should have some Cranberry for breakfast., me 2 ! of course i love my family . who doesn't ?!, Chilling watching the X Factor then going to work on some music. Hit me the fuckk up., Bylsma: "We finally got what looks more like a playoff game tonight.", Need an Australian Visa? I got mine from www.easyeta.com, at like 10, The wind and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. ~ Edward Gibbon, moment of terror in boxing. Tyson/Spinks fight. Tyson hit his gloves together (at start of round one). Spinks nearly collapses in fright!, you too!! I'll be in touch re the St Paul cards. Let me know about your show schedule too, Hello babies! How y'all doin?, Let the woman respond to what happened back then!!, What a fabulous job did on FOX's Real Milwaukee! Our Facebook page is almost to 1,000 fans! Sluts unite!, Sweet dreams to you! No fun when the phone's die :(, Robert Green Ingersoll~ In nature there are neither rewards not punishments--there are consequences., It really really was!! It A.) Makes me proud to be American! B.) Want to join the service! C.) Go play Battlefield 3!, Daughter is on first day of week long 50 mi hike on a part of Appalachian Trail. Sent text message. Modern-day version of postcard from home, I think I'd feel more comfortable having my Grandma play left than Andruw slo ass Jones., Pet peeve: People who sigh very deeply in hopes you'll ask them what's wrong., Forget #Linsanity. This is, “: I'm still waking up tomorrow and WORKING OUT as if the season started next week #gettingbetterneverstops....Boom” .Good Job., I trust not to let those makers bother us as learning takes is back seat, I am seeking a new goal almost every 2 or 3 months now, Texas has the patty melt from Whataburger & Australia has Patty Mills. The Spurs' just happen to have both! LOL, Thanks for daring to follow the ~, K.D. You gotta takeover!, We are making the flyers as we speak! 5 course dinner @ Saki Tumi, admission upstairs, Free Saki Bomb Bar, TYKU, RedBull, Free, But of course!, he was always my favorite because he loved lasagna and I loved it. Then I grew up and realized that it wasn't funny anymore…haha, Hey, Al Gore, it's almost May, and it's snowing. Fuck you, We are in the process of becoming every day, every moment., We're meeting at Indiana Gen Soc booth a little after 12, Good morning! The sun hangs in the sky and it's warm again :-), Glad it's fixed; go Team 208!, #Its2012WhyYouStill doing "like" status's on facebook...., Feverishly cellophane-ing all morning so I can have lunch at The Beat with my fab redheaded barista! Just like the olden days ;), Agreed! Go a head and for a line bandwagoners!, #iampaula ur so sweet hearted i love how amazing u are an ur just so inspirational (:, sure thing, If the Final Four is Prom then the #NIT is..... Sadie Hawkins??? Whatever, we're still dancing, I haven't watched Grey's in a while, but I'm terribly anxious about tomorrow's death., #IADMIT im ugly, I remember when used to tweet me..., Healthy Scratch wins 1-0! AWESOME SHUTOUT FOR ! Going to the FINALS!, don't stress! the stress hormone cortisol leads to carbohydrate cravings, overeating & abdominal fat, RT : One of these days we will come to understand the value in relationship difference!, Please Contact me about next weeks show on Wednesday. . Thanks!, me too I deactivated well over a year ago I should log in and delete everything, i know i'll be graced with the presence of tonight but the true question is ... will the blind man see?, my bad, Trying to drive through Hollywood on the day of the Oscars was a bad idea, Juve still UNDEFEATED!!!!, “: I wonder where you got that middle finger from lol” lol you, Happy Mardi Grass everyone!! Don't forget your DD if you're out drinking this evening., You stupid., I'm Tight Right Now Yo -.-, Well my shirt is on it's way, yes! time for a change!!!, he's dope, you are RAD! I can't believe you used that word from the 80s...LOL! :), #YouKnowYouInDetroitWhen you hear muscle cars roar more than you hear traffic on a busy highway., O's WIN! #oriolesmagic feel it happen! O R I O L E S! Magic Magic Magic Magic.... something magic happens., thanks for the follow and, that's awesome/ and the best description I've heard in the past few days!, SO close! I need to feel better! I swear I've been sick forever., Thinking that Matt Cooke enjoys playing with Crosby. 3 goals in 2 games., And a bright red dress!, Good shots here, too... in the Far North, RT Day 2 of American #CraftBeer Week = enjoying an Oberon from ,..Can't wait to wrap up the week at on Saturday, Every person I hug says I'm a good hugger. How can you be a BAD hugger!?, The Numbers are Devastating: 1 in 100 in U.K.! Join us in the fight against Autism., a bigger challenge means more (and more difficult) setbacks, ¦ Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift > {link--------------, RT Never forget – if it’s not enjoyable or fun, you’ll give up on exercise too soon. Whatever you do, make sure that it is fun!, Just seen the Broadway play "Magic Bird" and it was pretty cool, FREE STUDIO TIME... Call (678) 653-1883 to find out more!!!!, So HAPPY FOR YOU! Thrilled you made it happen!! Enjoy!, Schindler: Start w/ human problem and solve w/ technology rather than build tech first. #laskysymp / Maybe,but R&D inspires solutions., T-Minus Zero., In honor of 10 days of #SXSW, today EcoClean will clean your pearl snap shirt, whether u r real ATX or poser!, I still haven't started my project for health yet.. And it's due tomorrow., At least WI fell to Butler... and delighted Duke fell! Come Marquette!!, lol nvm she sent me to student services but i ain't goin., Saturday night legal party? Or did you get arrested? ;), i found, there is one bad advantage to follow +150 people, every 2 seconds there is 20 more tweets... my computer has froze-- twice!, Watching MLB plays of the month, these guys are good!, If you want to be her prince, you got to treat her like a princess., nope, even if he did fuck him., OHMYGOSH. you have the BEST taste in guys. is so attractive., that would be nice., yea, Tracy can't text & I lose my clothes. #blameitonthea-a-a-alcohol Thank God for, FYI :) MT : I'll be returning as a swamp creature., you and both need to unball <U+270A>your fist <U+270B> and LET MY NUTS GO, I'm still at odds with my self at which one of these kids will get the starting nod for this weekend., love the new profile pic! Too cute! Lol!, Good Morning I had some pretty wild dreams last night. I was so relieved to wake up and realize that they never happened. Phew!, Checked my DMs. Nothing new since your request for my email. I replied to that earlier., I'm impressed by anybody who can get strawberries to grow here. Never had luck., Wish I had Someone to Talk to., . I used to go out of my way to fly United & keep Premier status. Now w/ upselling Econ Plus, it's too expensive and irritating., I have never made homeade salsa before but these recipes make me want to try!, So, I guess I'm a Taurus now??? WTF?, Hope NATO won't be like the 68 police riot. 50,000 protestors said to converge. Better use every phone camera to capture everything., Back to bed for reading and snuggling with kitty while it rains!, nerd Predictions on next week ? Will Eli do it again ?, RT : Gonna be a lot of undergraduates setting foot in a library for the first time tomorrow, I think..., #celebrityapprenticeau goose bumps, why did Bear trip? :D, Hey Arsenal--your spot in Europe isn't God-given. If you don't earn if, you don't get it., you saying can't or won't on this situation?, Woot! RT always a good time with Todd @ Russell and Hualapai!, Great things are accomplished by talented people who believe they will accomplish them., The hits plus duties this Memorial weekend!!! The Party Zone on 101.3 KDWB til 3am, Big whit zig zag, I fill you up from my bag, let's have a party. Proceed to party!!!!!!, Im Ready To Be Wit Bad Boy 4 Life, I can't wait to hear this story., “: thanks for the tours and locations! #marac”//My pleasure!, i hear it was only 16 in the state, RT : Scientists know the obvious stuff, they want the wierd and wonderful,and the undiscovered...!!, So are you guys playing after the Nuggets game on Sunday in Denver??, Goin out to eat, good suggestion. I think having an extraordinary parent is key factor since it's an inherent daily modeling relationship., recorded an ESRB video yesterday for Quake Arena Arcade and is filling out paperwork today for Content Complete! Partnernet build imminent!, Survived the back to school block party. Didn't even have to climb onto inflatable obstacle course to retrieve crying child this time., Thanks - I'll check Cafayate out., I'll be in America long before then!": I wud b coming dis dec,just wanted to remind u!, Looking for a job where I can live in Scotland and drink whisky for good pay. If you can make that happen, I'll be your best friend., My first 2012 political prediction: the proponents of the marriage amendment will come to regret putting it on the ballot., Thanks for the followup. It was a hoppin crowd last night. Enjoyed tasty Achiote Salmon. Big thanks to Kate for takin care of us!, thanks! I appreciate the follow, “It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.”, hi, just come back to twitter. it has been a long time.! ..i been busy developing website, I agree. Just thought it was funny., $5K isn't much these days Chico! Congrats on that though. #Ballin p.s. I'd take that in a heartbeat., Tim Tebow PLEASE PICK JETS, REPRESENT NEW YORK!, lol I'm dead serious...but the killer part is it was shot in Santa Monica, Its been forever since I been to church , Let's see how things go .... Church Bound (:, i need motivation today!, Keep talking shit on twitter hon that will totally work, I hope they don't try to touch your feet!!!, yes it is an how I cant wait to get wasted, absolutely man catch u at your next show bruh, it's like blippy but worse!, Happy Friday., ": Pencil thin sharpie brows = Crazy.", Another amazing time at the Columbus, Ohio is awesome!, sounds great!, It's really been 15 years since the Titanic movie? Losing track of that much time scares me. I guess those older than me would say, "Ge..., sorry about that!, Nimbus Data says the driving force for NAS and SAN was manageability, not performance..., reading twilight..., I miss twitter. I want you back., Love that Detroit mayor Bing responded to the Robocop statue issues via Twitter, Starting off the new year with a lot of new projects: Good. Starting off the year with an e-mail virus: Not so Good., Happiness is a continuation of happenings which are not resisted. Deepak Chopra, - I have #shortsale client w/#mortgage from Chase, Chase has no record of note but won't release property 4 sale. What to do??, is lovin' this weather!!!, My catalytic converter was stolen for 3rd time in 9 months in Van Nuys. Would be happy to volunteer truck as a decoy., its ok. The price of being "the boss". Thanks for the FF, Hey Bathtub Boy, where are you going to be Nov 3rd after we kick your ass at the polls. Can't wait to see you and Madcow.LOL, You should give me that Wednesday-Tuesday trade.. Let your litto friend watch the heat game and sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><U+2764>, Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. - Edmund Burke, barely got in on it,seeing Bills Vmpire sugstion for MR,I would find real pics that have that"hint" abt him betcha there r some, It's not too early to start drinking. It's 7. I know ppl in bed right now., Watching "Cut" on Netflix: Australian film students try to finish a horror film that ended in disaster a decade ago., Cheers to Wednesday! Busy day so far with calls! Baltimore event photography this evening and excited to be on the move., I DIDNT SAY THAT I WAS JUST TRYING TO GET TO KNOW U ......, All I can think of to write are cliches and double entendres., Visual Intelligence received an award for our presentation at the 2012 Riegl Conference., Who else's facebook just got changed into Timeline this week??, What up doe!!!, Only 15 mins until that great new #MothersDay tradition: The 3 hour season finale / wrap up of, Our local utility company just raised their rates again. Looks like net zero homes are a thing of the future!, Did the news just say that Kincade was with his girlfriend when he died?, UR SUCH A HUSTLER, pancakes!!!! Yumm :D, Audition time, lol i guess, Once people get tax returns, Orbital Spaceflight sales skyrocket. Crossing my fingers that my 10,000th cold call is the take-off point., NaLee mermaids, mystery, mayhem, a private island full of secrets and a private island full of secrets, yes she is! Her parents Stanley Tucci and Patricia Clarkson are hysterical!, Can everyone stay home tonight? We bartenders are exhausted. :), I feel like a lot of the things I say are listed in the Twitter feed of, . Wind Gap rules! Harvest in Oct/Nov @ 13% abv!?, no i aint and no i dont, I miss my hair :(, Thanks Clare!!!, is wonderful:) thanks for riding along to see the love birds off on their vaca!!, RIP Leslie Nielsen, A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. - Yogi Berra, Easy...the before is amazing, love the kitchen. The after looks cold and contemporary. I wish more would restovate, not gut., all i need is 3 more i have 97, Touchdown! Freedom free!, sound like it's gonna be good, Maybe not!, Intuition woke me up, Confidence made me breakfast, Motivation gave me my agenda & Destiny gave me its blessing to enter world & be great., +There is something fascinating about a person who continues to fight on long after many around them might believe the battle is all over+, #milwaukee Lets enjoy this winter together. Gain knowledge on cabinets, doors, windows, moulding, plumbing, electrical, power tools & more!, another successful planning session with Hillel interns! so many events to look forward to!, My first ever group of students graduate from college in May- how lucky am I that I get to congratulate them on facebook?! :), So excited you're coming to Indy for 500., I don't need a watch - the time is now or never., Everyone is all on instagram and I still use my photobucket..... -_-, Finally making some real serious progress on Fourstep. A lot of Ruby/Rails code is getting hammered out over here., I really hope KOBE gives the team a tongue lashing in the media to jump start their hearts .... SMDH damn shame he never has consistent help, Getting ready to meet with our Creative Council & Adopt-a-Nonprofit reps tonight! Can't believe it's our last meeting of 2011 already!, no that summons barry manilow!, Latin Grammys Acoustic Sessions last night w/Jose Feliciano. Amazing performance!, When my life is made into a movie, she will be the narrator., Then again I also tried to make a joke ab lack of calcium and Vit. D and nobody got that., Hey! I know you don't knwo me but I would like to say that I saw your pictures and I think its really cool that your a dancer.I .., In one week you learned about DrawSomething & the Hunger Games. By next week you'll be buying the Star and watching TMZ., #idol - Phillip had a cool, slow vibe. It was funky and fun. Not bad., I'm so happy you and commented. I think you are spot on., Can you say you broke a sweat at work playing ping pong? Yes, I can., Aww. Is it sad that I secretly (well, not so secretly) wish that the security camera video footage was available?, Hungover breakfast with before goes #Ham on the Celtics., Ah, Saturday. You fool me with your promise of laziness and donuts, but instead it is a work day. At least it's a productive one., Thanks Laura!!<3 :}, Ha! Got it. Lighten up people!, I highly recommend B, but I will try this one! I love greens!, BOOM. roasted., She called dude Jar Jar Binks!! #GleeProm is hilarious!, Mel Kiper is an idiot.Says Colts drafted Fleener b/c it is a copycat league & references Gronk. Yeah, b/c Colts never had pass catching TE., we will laugh uproariously into our beer, Kemba Walker is going to rock the house tonight!!!! GO UCONN!!!, our neighbor just got a boatload of firewood, I bet we could trade him beer for a couple of logs, RT Why do social media? It's your museum-YOU tell US why u should be doing social media. Otherwise you're wasting time/$, well aren't you just sweetest...i guess i was showing off my made for dress legs those days ;) #hawt!, I just realized how cute I am drunk., Forever an orange egg. Such a shame., no Brewers game? It's a good one!, on complete opposite poles when it comes to genres! LOL!, Going home and finding out my mom ordered chinese food >, Oops, I took it, sorry ;) RT : I can't find my Steelers track jacket, you guys., hopefully something healthy because right now...at my desk...there are A LOT of cookies...the life of working with chefs..., Little sisters softball game :), For those of you curious, the Schticky will pick up bone fragments., but there is a "m" and an "e" lol, Thanks for the broadcast :), Fluke's friend had stopped taking her prescribed birth control pill because she couldn't afford it & it wasn't covered by her health plan., There's a time for experimentation: it's called college (but only after tenure...), RT : I WANT A GIRL THAT COOK, CLEAN AND SMELL LIKE ONION RINGS!!! R U DAT LUCKY MODASUCCCA?<= I thought it was NEVER smell like.. LOL, Laying down some bkground vocals n the studio, Schoolin' students on navigation types and design processes on creating effective navigation., Morning world!!!!!!!, haha yea I know... and ok I will check them, Work is the curse of the drinking classes., thank you, Richard!, thank you much!!!! I kinda like it too . . . a lot!, oh yeah i know haha i did like hales corners, greendale, and oak creek :) but like how is it, hard?, : Hi Angie, would you be willing to follow Fliqz so we might converse via DM? Would like to talk to you about Wikia..., When a guys tells you,your beautiful and he is really cute & has alot of girls on him.He probably just says that to each one of 'his girls'!, I liked it. I dig his stuff. Killer Workout is a hoot., I'd flip that. The Ravens are lucky to have a Top 5 OC that lacks an offense who knows how to use me. #IMadeFlacco/Rice, no you're not ..... but anyway i miss you!, i suck at online pool. I'm about to call it a night, First real day off in a while. Spent the afternoon with Pedro in sun. Now watching #the bachelor finale & simply relaxing. Feels so nice, I love your egg, Can't wait! RT : are exhibiting at the Successful Selling Expo! We look forward to seeing you there!, I'm hungry. Where is dwayne???, I bet is dying... Leona Lewis just tweeted about their album!, i had a staff meeting and a fight broke out today, punching tables, cursing, slamming doors, more cursing!....ppl...leave the drama en casa, Grandma Peepee? Is this for real?, Happy Friday baby lest make the best of it, Thanks. I'm excited. An incredible draft overall. He'll like it here., Marcum just shaving-cream-pie'd #Kottaras for his walkoff. Ahaha one run away from MIL having A-Ram @ SS & Gamel @ 3B. That owned thoroughly, So who is coming over for mania cause I'm cookin' and need to know how much I'm making, Who wants to sponsor a boxing match between #ChrisBrown and I? Somebody needs to stand for the honor of women everywhere., Going to talk shit about me? Say it to my face next time., lol of course!, a kid in my class has the same laugh as you. So I think of you every Monday and Wednesday morning! :) #winning! Hope All is well!!, never doubt me., Where is Mr. Marks with that Let's-cancel-school-tomorrow attitude when you need him??, how about no, lolollol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>I'm so god, No they're not, go to hell ": The people you trust the most, are the first ones to hurt you.", Great weekend of crawfish broiling, dog sitting, cinco de mayo-ing, food tasting, suntanning, sombrero-ing,& cat torturing w/, Ah I don't know what I'm doing! hahah I can't tell who said what when I'm reading tweets..... :(, Big week wrapping up interviews on young adult unemployment w/super crew, you got dis. In other news are you sad about Dick Clark, ohh ok so i'm confused why did you comment on it?, You should have worn jorts to kill 2 birds with 1 stone., MY HUSBAND BROKE HIS ARM . IM CRYING ., tonight was weak.. i have to take things in to my own hands., In the lab. What should i fuck wit.Club or hiphop?, Oh.. Having no clue what is, I thought it was somewhere else I could get liquored up & watch baseball, Call bad bitch teller lets go hang, Black veil brides. . . Enough said., Loved seeing everyone last night at the meetup! Thanks for coming!, Francis Scott Key watched the bombardment from the deck of the British ship. The attack started in heavy rain on the morning of Sept.13th., yesterday i was filming a movies now im back in my production office today, just had somone spill the entire contents of their water bottle in my gym bag.....full of ALL my clothes.....yay!, i don't now how justin bieber is so cute .. pretty boy swag ;D, Went with Meridian as LMS choice, in case anyone was interested., Somewhat heartbroken not to be at #AWP12 right now!!, Sunday evening reference shift. Working on HLC Self Study tasks. I'm chairing the logistics and communication work group., Piranha happy hour with Betsy!!!, Have a great opening! (Remember: I'll work for food! ;), I gotta take it on the other side, Going to see the Avengers with my brother, Happy 1st birthday to our store, DT2!! We've been open for a year today. Come see us at both locations., Another day another dollar! Grind hard...sleep later!, Don Henley sounds pretty sweet on the Fusions speaks, Articles, tips, ebooks, ecourses and more...they're all helpful but don't forget to take ACTION with all your newly discovered knowledge., Ok BEDTIME. SWEET DREAMS :-) TOMOROW SCHOOL :'(, MVC3 looking great i cant wait, Need someone to txt. Who's up?, Man, fishing sucks. Lmfao, “: I like chocolate cakes. I like that. And so on. So we didn’t have any illusions about communism.” Quite obviously., Sleep. APUSH is a hopeless class., be there soon!!, I'm doubting the mc only version Did you look at the practice test? I think we will be graphing our butts off!, If she ain't feeling u don't get mad at me lol, Yeah what he said RT : LETS FUCKING GO, We are so lucky to be in #Miami. RT if you are loving our "winter" weather...!!, TREND IT FOR AUSTIN <3PLZZZZ DO THIS I LOVE HIM HES MY INSPIRATION AND HE SAVED MY LIFEE PLZ TREND #GETAUSTINTOPHILLY ILYY<3, looks great. Merry Christmas., Plus Go fuck yourself ! Grab a strap n bang yourself., Oh...ok. Got it. It doesn't matter what you write about, as long as you write. ;), OMG, that looks sinfully delicious!, Can't wait to spend Friday night with the best boyfriend ever:), I have such a craving for seafood, #Obama is a one one term President., Any known or unknown cause that could be detrimental is flushed away by the pure action of God's healing power, ": Trying to make it to my bro show tonight. He ignoring my phone calls :-(" never!!! Call me, Coolin' watchin' Play-offs right now though!, Thanks guys! ": A free shake from is proof that Twitter is good for something.", Joseph I came today to talk. You were very busy. Have a great day. Cynthia Harris, seriously #Tampax? holy Shit. your Spotify ad is terrible: "It's hard to be a female artist... you know, cauz you get your period." Use, Good day back to you, Levar!, Tony larussa looks like an owl, IM JUST KIDDING, Is it too early to start pregaming for ? #arewethereyet?, Hey ! I'm performing in a Comedy Improv show at Playhouse West tonight at 8pm. 10634 Magnolia Blvd NOHO, CA 91602. Cost $0 :), ": Definitely not." should be worried about king as our starting center back and not so much who is in goal, so glad you enjoyed it! :), You work for ESPN?, It's not very often that positive stats & the Pittsburgh Pirates are used in the same sentence. Good look!, You did good! BOOM, I am NOT a whore !, Thank you Simon Cowell., #indieID RT : SPAMMING is the lazy and cheap man's approach to MARKETING....., Uh I had to wear sandles to prom to not be taller then my date. . . I'm 5 foot 1. . ., Aw thanks! I'm glad your day is going Wonderful Hun! :), happy burns day my fellow scotsman. Stab a haggas now., WTF....I don't care if you want to blast friggin Sammy Haggar but for fucks sake, NEVER, EVER mess with my food/meal., Had to comfort something, explained the concept of Average Cost and verified spouse dates of birth to get claims paid. Hero's work today ..., Hey everyone! This is now the place where we will be tweeting transition news and updates. #newseattle ^ap, Audience is asking really great questions of Ben. #UW represents!, First time attempting to buy on all I get is "Oops! That page doesn't exist", What's great about the "Ultimate Massage" weight loss system is that it breaks up gristle, fat, and cellulite. Dieting does not do this., Extremely excited to be playing tonight (6:30pm) w/James Cammack & Alex Raderman, opening for the legendary Les McCann!, it was a successful weekend! So many touching stories captured. Safe travels!, RT : Thanks Detroit for making a success we are already planning 2013's, your welcome(:, After this weekends work schedule I better have all of race weekend off, Women are devious, Haha no problem. If you want to write a recap for the site let me know!, ST-Ericsson reports first quarter 2012 financial results - Reuters, Playing with my new toy!, Remember to wear tight jeans.- Costa, I know he doesn't ! Even sometimes I doubt Cody's love , but then I realize that he does love me :) <3, RIP Donald 'Duck' Dunn Bass Player for Booker T & The MG's and The Blues Brothers. Member of Rock n' Roll HOF, Guessing they don't sing very well., Interviewed former Minnesota Gov Tim Pawlenty and asked him about the new Sarah Palin movie "Game Change". He said he hadn't seen it yet., The more I grow the more y'all seem to stay the same, Good luck finding the fuck that I should give about you., Great natural lighting in the yoga photos!, Omaha steaks came early for Father's Day! Can't wait to fire up the grill!!!, The Love of God does not condemn but offers hope, peace, and salvation, Oh yes! Thank you!, Construct a life plan with your partner. What are your personal goals for the next 3-5 years? Which ones are negotiable, and which are not?, We're documenting the process to help make future events super productive., Thanks for the follow; check out #teamf2a &, this person i don't like., Money goes so fast..., What's it like to win a hand at showdown in a tourney?, Be kind, be helpful, and make someone smile today!, yea! Will totally do that!, Have you ever asked God for something and didn't expect to get it? That's why you didn't get it, gulf shores is going to stink if it's sunny tomorrow, Joe, can I get a birthday RT from my favorite commentator?, Oh life you are annoying me. Plead stop. That is all., awesome, bring ur friends, definitely, word of mouth is always the most powerful, we listen to people we trust!, i BrazilLovesAustinMahone i, Why are you so tired?, you are going to #SF? No way -- thinking about moving there this summer. Don't lost your East Coast edge :), Loving the google icon today! I am a total 80's baby!, Whoa, that was Julia Ormond as Marie? I remember when she was the 90s 'It Girl' and then-boom, disappeared., How many of you actually read the terms of service on the OGIS Conference wifi?, NEW FEATURE: The /Alerts/ function now works in Europe. Enjoy., One of my best friends live in Lincoln. You know the Schleppenbachs by any chance? -Adam, im back on track add to the fact that i never really drive sober, Great presentation last night! Got really good takeaways. which I will be implementing immediately., Celebrate summer as we explore the amazing world of science in The Bakken Museum's incredible outdoor gardens.Saturdays in Aug & Sept 10-4p, See you Sunday in Cleveland. The whole family will be in Royal blue., Good morning! Don't forget to download "Roller Coaster" by on iTunes. Have a great day everyone!, What a great asset!, his knee got jacked up!! It looked like his knee cap collapsed...the was a hole where it should've been, yup i love her shes awsome, Watching 10-year-old episode of "Cribs". Ice-T's house is full of giant CRT televisions and computer monitors. He looks like a pauper., I'll make sure to connect with her (or them)., People with no style.. #DaFuckYouThinkin', That is why for pixel-adventure lovers, the dream job is the video game tester job, Foot Cramps <<<, High roller shot caller big boss, Indeed! Thx again for a great panel. And Brad's a great guy - we should all connect soon and talk Higher Ed + Tech. Cheers!, and congrats to you on returning to the team!, Now you're on to something. Better video, much better product. My son & I both rock the 511 commuters around town., OMG IS COMING TO CULTURE BOX IN COPENHAGEN IN TWO DAYS AND IT'S SOLD OUT! FUUUUUCCKKKKKKKFEFJEOFNEFSNUIFNEUINCESU#$#!@&$(Y, We're at the bar at the hotel Utah, come say hi and have a drink., what is it about?, Gotta change the mindset, every day not making $ is a wasted day., so say we all, the twins in 8flavahs goes to Moanalua high school I go to moanalua too!, What's it feel like to get eaten by a lion?, Happy #Pi Day/Diabetes Awareness Day, i can hold i in anymore i love austin mahone sad my fone screen just screwd up and turned blue, And if you are an adult, buy a drink. Nothing ruffles my feathers more than grown men sucking down Pepsi and Iced tea. Free Refills., what you meen ??? Googly tweets ???, : Green Tea is Alkaline so it strengthens your immunity & decreases your risk of disease. Coffee is Acidic., Hopefully I'll be at the game in a suite tomorrow!!!, #NP Arnej - Dust In the Wind (Original Mix), When you get the answer you're looking for hang up., #FF My partners in crime, I'm right with you there chief. Hate mardi gras crowds!, Feeling bloated? Eat more fruits & veggies. It helps to flush excess h20, Any thing less than 2% milk is not milk., RT Happy Birthday ole monk' ass..., Bloody knuckles - off to buy a canvas stretcher........., Thanks fo the Follow. Fear-Based living (or selling) is a huge problem. Keep up the good work. JRQ, "The Love-Based Leader", Don’t forget to submit your question related to skincare, massage therapy and stress relief to us by including #Wellness4Mom in your post, Gonzaga was in 5 different clips during one shining moment. Pretty awesome. A team that could play with ANYONE in the country., Like Mark Twain said, "Never let school get in the way of a good education.". :), A wise person once said knowledge and caring without action are worth nothing. It's not enough to know, you must do!, But I'm burnt crispy and it hurts to even tweet so goodnight, Dear Facebook, your iPhone app is horrifically slow. To the point I want to uninstall it. That's kind of unacceptable., looking presentation on differentiated instruction. love the learning styles pie charts! just a great show that nails it!, I wanna see how much thickness it adds so in case I want to throw my phone in a gelaskin in a grovemade, it'll hopefully work., The Sonos Studio: New LA venue for exhibitions, concerts, listening parties, film screenings, lectures, workshops & more...., That's to hide is belly, lol RT : I love how Cee-lo has incorporated a cat into his commentary, Day of Promotion tomorrow. Send me anything tomorrow & I'll RT it, pimp it, put it in the Podcast, whatever. Promotion Day from #WubOneOut !, Oh and I love my cat., Our website is now in Spanish. Simply click on the Espanol button to translate., it's #GrumpMonday on social media today! Taking the grumpsters on, one at a time...., Getting ready to sample some beer Nugget, Java, Scratch 59 and 60!, Tyson Jackson? A sack? Honestly, who knew Tyson Jackson was still a Chief?, Hot green tea and honey, Just out of curiousity - Is there a website where you made the T-Shirts? We're in need of some new merch! ;), We ran out of Vanilla Porter, but Next Door Ale and the second batch of Harvest Ale are about to be put on tap!, Just voted yes for SLA's proposed new name Association for Strategic Knowledge Professionals., Tomorrow in #thehumanevent: "Keep Calm!…For the Cold War" w/ Jackie Orr and Panic Diaries, part 2., We do it straight like that, Wellcome to all! Topic this week is #revideo on real estate focused websites, specifically MLS., What memories are you making with your brand's fans today?, Hanging @ Birds with the crew.., If you're gonna act like people are there to ruin your day rather than take food orders, just quit your job & go home. #ohare Reggio's C22, I need a hug, RT: “: Single women are found to be more attracted to men who are taken than to those who are available., Yes it is! I could be doing so many productive things right now including sleep but #Glee is very distracting right now. :), Just whooped in fifa baby. #gus >, I know by the end of tonight, you don't have to look up at the stars. And I know if the love is alright, you won't look up at the stars., I love just chillin and listening to music in egly :D, Portrait of Tracy, all i want to do is shop for dresses online for miami instead of studying!, : Working on some smashes. -Every writer ever, So let it be known: i will wait until i am a skinny b*tch before i ever decide to be a beer girl in underpants at a bar., Gather up all products in your house or garage that contain unsafe chemicals and drop off at your local hazardous waste facility., A #brand that captures your mind gains behavior. A #brand that captures your heart gains commitment, The end of an era. I think I will always regret never having seen a live shuttle launch, especially a night launch., Truth: RT : TV in this market is very good with incredibly smart people, but I feel this #pacers team deserves better that's all.”, We are now connected to the, #SIA11 rocks our snow socks off!, Anyone use that #LectricShave shit? Looks cool..., Having Barney Frank there makes me feel so much safer......What a relieve, you're so William Carlos Williams sometimes., Ahh! Thank you so much! :], has great news information. I am proud to be following!, Lundqvist with another beautiful save!!!, We will be holding volleyball leagues Mondays thru Thursdays, plus Friday night mixers for teams and players! Check site for info!, THANKS FOR THE SHOUTOUT :) MUCH LOVE., Awww :( my crush "Chris Brent" just hung up on me:'(, Yasss Rih is performing Birthday Cake, We just released 4 new Rulesets on the platform to better help our customers become masters of social content curation!, I don't see many people buying Woodmans in Oak Creek. The meat looks like it might be packed someplace else., “As for me, I know of nothing else but #miracles.” - Walt Whitman, yo man call me 5453059 got some great news!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN!! Just wish I was dressing up lol, Subway for lunch? YES., Do you feel a disconnect between your web presence and the character of your business? I can provide a fresh redesign. Email, haha oh no problem! :], Where the fu_k is Cupid when you need him..., Bible! Robyn- "Show Me Love" is on the radio right now! I got so excited I almost ran us off the road!, RT : Whether today seems to go your way or not, it's always going God's way. He doesn't make mistakes. Trust Him. Proverbs 3:5-6, Obama 2012....no other choice!, #NP Look What You've Done by, Brazil Ambayy but I'm goin' back to Brooklyn where I was livin wut boutchu honey ? lol where you from!?, Spouse is asking whether my colleagues can give me an incomplete on the conference., lol at girls these days, thinking that snitching is going to solve their problems., Neal Nisky and Sully all out. Not good at all. Pens need to dig deep here and maintain their foothold on the 4th seed., Lesson learned: Don't add sugar to egg whites til meringue starts to stiffen. Otherwise, liquid meringue. RT : How was your weekend?, You writing an intro to Bob Moon's piece? RT Why do candidates "suspend" when they're dropping out? Is it about the money?, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!, Some ppl just aren't meant to exsist in ur life, I tried to watch that but started sobbing before it ended ''lol'', Tweeters at the rally tomorrow: use hashtag #pnonukes when tweeting from the rally!, I don't hear many referance the name Yahweh that often, Somebody text me, woo! Now we know Bri wants Andre :) Chrisy for Alex I'm guessing :)?, Im so tired of this bitch ass car! Can't wait till its done so I can have all the attention I need right now, I'm hanging in there Elli. Busier than ever, but still swinging!, i am ur #1 fan! If i can't get u just to follow me, I'll quite singing forever! Ur my inspiration plz follow! I luv u foreva ;(, Call of Duty!, thanks so much Gene!! Love to hear that for you and your wife!! Loving every minute of married life so far!;) Happy Holidays!, FAREEEEZING even in the SAHARA DESERT!!! Never just want the "TIP" eva! LOL! #KEEPEMCUMMINI'MALWAYSTREADY2CHILL, Hope she heals up well! Lost my cat to cancer this year. It's so hard to see them go through that., Getting little nervous because off work soon and then to gym for my Y3T leg day, thanks for k d mention- have a great week, Great location for sign Now on to my torta!, thanks! Great suggestion - will do so., haha if it gets there first! :), #bestsportsmomement Favorite sports moment anyone?, Day 9 of #BlackIsBack2012, which means it's MURDER IN THE LATIN QUARTER day. Hold onto your baguettes, it's about to get real., 2 games this weekend. 1 in Omaha, NE 1 in Springfield, MO. Wish the boys luck., I cant wait no more till May 15 but it so gonna be worth it , ,, “ Let's see if I can get drunk tonight”, Excellence is in the details. Give attention to the details in everything you do And excellence will come. No detail is too small. -G. Allen, When passing another hit record, remember the man who originally set it., Gr8 gong meditation!, ": Man Vernon Davis Fast!" Faster than you ?, PSC Chair notes this is a plan 4 people. 'We got a lot right here, but we should cont. 2 look @ how plan affects ppl, not just places.', Everyone has that moment of heartbreak when your pet jumps off your bed and leaves the room., I wanna go on Total Blackout .., RT : Thank goodness I have #mhpshow recording at home. These tweets are wild., I am not sure what you mean., That's not a thing, right? But thank you, I think., Thanks to for hosting & this morning in their beautiful auditorium., I did take a peak too. But I'm still watching (however I will turn when the Bieb comes on)., i have been awake for far too long...friday 8ams?, Wait for this summer, awesome we will certainly be in touch to promote your events to relevant users as the time comes, I'm not even sure I can justify an 8mm film projector..., #JustinBieber is at Liberty Plaza right now www.livestream.com/globalrevolution, Still in NY?, --> "and also the world's gayest person who is really, really large." I liked it and thought you'd done it on purpose., "I'm the player to be named later." -- Bull Durham, I deal with bull$#^% for a year ( and work har) and i get 15 cents!? ( I have not told you yet but i QUIT), I thought it was pretty awesome. I don't know how the cigar shape is IP? Any thoughts?, Did you get your 'e-brief' newsletter from Boutique Design? They are featuring MP art in the next issue!!, Mark your calendars for Fri, May 6th! MMA returns to Milwaukee's Potawatomi Bingo Casino! NAFC "Mayhem." 4 hrs of non-stop action. Ages 21+, Remember, Memphis' own Irish Pub The Brass Door invites #FAI12 artists to come play any time during the conference! 152 Madison, after 10pm!, Thinkin of a master plan, First day of oscon. Two excellent sessions. One on Android development and another for using improv to build teams. And several good convos!, 37 weeks! So happy I'm full term now!, Most Important: all who are out of town "AllStar Orlando " please have fun / be safe! And get back home in 1piece!!!!, My head hurts. My eyes hurt. My heart hurts. I'm emotionally drained., It's really awkward to order a "Tall Blonde" at Starbucks., Yo boy said to tell u wats up to next time i talked to you., Hey Ben thanks for following me!! =), I really hope im getting this varsity jacket that says 1D on it! Kinda like the one Zayn has!, One thing most of us fail to do is recognize our flaws and work to improve them. Rather than appreciate when others tell us, we cut ties., I will be sure to check them out, thanks hun!, I am and I approve this message: RT : Best idea of the day came to me while eating lunch. Lesson?, On exec #ILSHRM executive board call with & others, Tea Party support for Heck wanes, Good moment: old man on bike said "good morning" to me in a stately fashion while passing my car., Yo Valpo! Country Music night is coming to your town this Saturday at THE WAREHOUSE! Come git yer country on!!, yeah man... Donald brown... Who knew., Congrats , on the win tonight!!, From , THE TIME OF THE WOLF, a Game of Thrones-y historical fiction coming in October., Up a little early but had a good breakfest. And watching the news... Well now that's just to adult for me, #interviewtip DGE: see if your school has a job board where u can post ur resume. This is a great source & 1 that recruiters often check, Good night all you wonderful people ! <3, SKINS FEST in #Europe in April #B&W Audio/Video Festival in Portugal, Devastating. Just devastating. On several levels. So sad to hear about Junior Seau. One of my favorites growing up., please follow me(:, Must stop nibbling on the raw cacao nibs....after one more nibble., yeah that's what I was thinking. Would you rather have Jose or jack? Or something else that nice?, Hm...probably when I put in landscaping in front of that wall. I'm still not sure my husband thinks it's that funny!, Will Chipper Jones be a Hall of Famer, Anybody use for sources? Currently doing a 60-day free trial., You're the absolute best: "Gang up on me you two bitches, go ahead!" cc, I can get back on my FB whenever now., I cleaned the ashes out of my PC keyboard and a lung tumor fell out., He's adorable <33, 10% off sale with code: TENOFF! Hurry ends in a few days!, twitter did you miss me?! I need more followers......., It doesn't look like it when you watch match vids though, you have to play it to understand better., The price of fame is that you are envied, copied, and then discarded., Sausage is one of the oldest forms of processed food, having been mentioned in Homer's Odyssey as far back as the 9th Century B.C., SLOTOROFF IS MINE, why preschool?, .. will be shocked if doeboi dont be d.o'd for his 2marrow, it seems i like competition dats y im always on twitter, you re gonna probably look so different !! Still I'll always love you I'm a true mahomie a.a.f <3, Hey #Wolffies.. please follow he's a really awesome guy.. you'll never regret of follow him, The network that handles the AMAs seem to have a rather short sighted view of things seeing there is Modern Family on the, ok cool:) what should we do?, In anti-abuse training from the Catholic Church, a condition for volunteering at my daughter's school. God, grant me serenity., With rain like this, it's often difficult to detect water leaks. If you suspect a leak or are out of water, call us ASAP at 1-800-685-8660., awwh, you're the sweetest! Hope to see you again Saturday., I don't know why I am heading to work and I don't have to be there for another hour and half. What to do with my time? Hmm, not anout me, #asecs12, Duross connecting sensibility with consumerism and activism through transatlantic trade networks., I'll take you, and you, and you.... Feeling like I'm at a candy store!, Due probably to the power outages and storm on the East Coast, the Into the Light Walk website is temporarily down., More banjo, all the time, is keeping a log of how many times reporters, anchors and fans describe Jackson's funeral as "surreal." Such an overused word., Walmart is crap, Figgins is crap. That's all I was trying to say. Evidently, it was a horrible attempt. Lol.. :), As usual, i agree with : Gloria Steinem has endorsed What I think, as an individual: We need to re-elect him., #ihatewhenimdrivingand a slow driver jumps in front of me UGH! move get out the way, trying to be. Lol no just old photos I had., Research...and it don't stop..., they don't listen but I'll try. Lol, A whole bunch of weird ass people. They wanna be buddy buddy with you one minute but then act funny acting the other minute smfh, Members Card New York Mets ML (-130) (25 units), great car, Only issue ever was the idle control valve. I bought it from him when I had an e39, ever notice all BMW smell the same, Currently listening to: JT Dale - Skyros, HAPPY THANKSGIVING from all of us at B! Enjoy the holiday & we'll be here for your shopping munchies! Friday & Sat 12pm-8pm, Sun 12pm-5pm, glad you made made it!, Everyone should be really cool and follow my band :D, Cabbie back on phone. hiding behind metal box. lining up ppl to take away via copter. secret svc arrived., Do you plan to find yourself or create yourself? -PT, England isnt too far a trip, is it? :) Would love to see u in Atlanta, but hey, theres always mail order if u cant make it!, I met with JEA last week. I think its outrageous, entire policies need to be changed. Adding deposit to peoples acct, The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible., me too:( let's hang out!!, toto juice is spicy...:-), “Sex is more than an act of pleasure, its' the ability to be able to feel so close to a person you're a part of them.”, same shit I just said, Where is the best place to hide a dead body you ask? Why on the second page of a Google search result of course!, On that note going to bed!, #Blackparentsquotes -'`Is you out yo Rabbit ass mind.?, Last day of school! Yeah!! But why does this excitement fade so quickly?, That's interesting. Wasn't aware., ok with that neo soul @ mood lounge with my, ": Life has no rehearsals, only performances", This mane on keys. Lol, well ill be waiting for that one day :P, Thanks for RT from my interview in !, Are you guys on a catch any shows this week?, All mahomies should go follow she follows back (:, Hahaha....possibly. Actually, Ms. Rossi, I'm interested in employing new marketing strategies to help develop my VO business., (AP) -- Israeli media says PM reaches agreement for unity government, canceling early election, Tolls are a sneaky way of collecting a user tax. Do you have a say with regard to this tax? No you don't. This is TOLLATION., oy nothing worse than a sore booty after a long car ride., RT :"Thanks Wellesley! But yes I'm still a smart guy, don't worry! ;)" WHEW! Good thing, Uncle Luke! Hope you are feeling A-OK!, I've got lots of ideas, you just need to pick a venue ;-), I actually enjoy doing dishes at work because the machine is SO cool!!, Nor am I talking about trance. I mean a different sound than that, a big sound., Kimberly Clark employees should take more pride in their premium white paper products, I'm sorry I ruined it for you by taking away the element of surprise, We only called him that when he was in trouble., In the car..on my way to Chinese Restuarant!, I get immediately frustrated when people call me "hon" but I usually let it go because it's just a part of their vocab, Wings etc with Holly ! :), I got Old Blighty, Lillibet's Jubilee, and Jaffa. I'm excited, yet a little anxious to figure out which to use first. :), It's so darn Cold!!, I'm try and head down there in march for wmc again but im drive this time I'm going to pr in jan come thur bro !, All night guy didn't make coffee again? RT : LOL I have my order in to get some !, ": Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions.", Okay, so feel like I climbed Everest at work today. Now, back to work on mimba...got some meta & RESTness to plug in..., i have to change the channel every time they come on, especially if im eating, Icon changed to something more "Christmas-ish" :), Canappi is really geared towards building mobile solutions, so the UI model is trying to be ASimpleAP, Doron Lamb is 2nd player ever at UK to shoot 47% FG, 46% 3PFG, 82% FT or better in a season (minimum 100 attempts for each)., how do you like portland?, both but more street lately, miami gone mess around and loose this game, Thad Matta looks like he's playing, RT Can't believe Tiger is whiffing so badly on his 1st pub appearance. Even by his standards, this is ludicrously arrogant., studying for my history exam :( I think this exam is going to kick my ass tomorrow, #20thingsaboutme I hate going out to eat. I guess that's weird., thats wat up boo jjust fuck wit me wen u get bac we didnt even have no time to talk boo, You see, I want to know who the mother is, but I'd rather the hunt went on forever than see it end., odds are, you'll have fun. That's BS. I want my $2 back, hey punk today is my birthday could you please wish me a happt birthday? thatd be f'n awesome, happy belated birthday and thankyouverymuch for the follow..., Still cant believe me and meet today! Its crazy! THANK YOU SO MUCH! <3, POSC coulda been a contender, but those huge sells in the beginning of the run F'ed everything up. Looking for another one now., #MyPastRelationships included a boy who messed around with a good frian of mine., Teacher's pets <<<, If likes it, it has to be good., A slack hand brings poverty, but the hand of the diligent brings wealth. 10:4, Deff. Appreciate it! Much more to come.., i am good thxs,, haha I bet! It's happened to me before infront of like 30 ppl!, Obsessions or the Compound is where I'll be Saturday night !, I'm so happy it's Friday!, #IfYouKnowMeWell you know how driven and passionate I am, Right, Now.. I want too Rave, Until My brains fall out., because im bored, Happy 100th Anniversary to my alma mater, ! Here's to the next 100., Fisher is a good coach RT Wonder how sustainable that fan-interest is... they had a couple of big years lately, Meeting with the press this morning!, Just taught my final class Bittersweet all around: so many wonderful students and colleagues, so much for which to be grateful., Wow. Photoshop is turning 20 years old. I have been with the little guy for 19 of those. I am so proud, and so old., We dont wanna never end ..!, What a wonderful in cleveland, ohio!!!! Browns football, and beers in the brisk cleveland autumn air, god how I missed this., We are Open! Come get out of the snow and warm up at The Tavern!, The Nuggets are not intimidated. That's certainly a good sign., Congrats to for first place in print media, Heat vs Pacers, Think I'm off my Monday night Raw tonight....., Surfers make it look so easy...it's not., According to these candidates Obama has done nothing right and their going to set everything right through no taxes and deregulation., obviously you're at a great place., Ok #GMen its up to you...... BEAT the piss out of those losers!, We have vegan "beef" nachos and quesadillas!!!, ": At our weakest point we can not forget our most powerful weapon, prayer.", that's real talk buddy, you would have enjoyed seeing me park lol, Looking forward to some fun shoots with some fun cuties in San Jose from tomorrow through Sunday :), Ready ready ready ready for sunday already! I look forward to practice so much every week ha, i got a track i want u 2 hear.. need a new beat for it.. n its not mixed.. its a good concept too..can i email it 2 u, . Well, then, you really do *need* to get those shoes too., lol see this is why yo pay got cut, Off to the Pabst to learn about Non-profit board involvement at #ypweek!, I wish book club would just die, Cemetary Cleaning,flowers being put on the Crosses, candle lightn ceremony 2nite on the Rez. E of S.D. 104 degrees now. Hot, Bridges and Jonas worked the broadway stage ! From the outstanding choreography to the colorfully rhetro sets, IS success!, I love #teamIntensity ! I'm not doin cheerleading next year just so I can have more time for y'all. - Zaona <3, Can't function when i'm not talking to you, There were TONS I could not use. Never had the pleasure of Batman Cereal., The refs just called Pacers on another foul. Will be added to beginning of game 2., Order sent to Zoe in OH!, Now watching Mona Lisa Smile in AP Art History :), sources say there is no wifi there., If you don't know what #2Live is.., If you exclude critique, as you suggest it is wise to do, then the 'maybe not' acquires a certain implausibility...., Oddly enough, if your job is to open enough re-re-used ILL envelopes, you develop a definite opinion on the topic. [4 max], TUMBLR IS FOR TUMBLR!!!!!STOP SHARING ON TWITTER, Of course now it's going to tstorm hail RT : Getting wise to Texas 'fall' weather. Wearing sundress today so I don't fall over., Columbus would be lovely if she went 45, but Columbus is so close to Tupelo, that would make no sense., Friends are people who are there when no one else is, My big issue was that they kept asking him why he would lie. I was like look at him! Big black guy. He's assumed guilt., everything except exquire. main attrakz is okay., “: are u at the Peyton Manning press conference?” no sir. Im in LA, no never saw that one, The #reds have this in the bag unless Bill Hall somehow parachutes in., Last Minute Special!!! The first person to schedule with us for 9am Thursday gets free x-rays! A $60 value, no insurance. 757-486-4880!, Awesome! Where is your event?, I don't believe in political correctness only political POLITENESS. We can be polite yet ALL THE MORE BOLD in our proclamation!, I love going to Samuel French, it's kind of disgusting that it's already been 4 years for us!!, a wise choice for your icon, Be the change you want to see in this world ~ Gandhi, Another day another bout, Another wonderful day, always keep looking forward, I'm with you, doesn't know what a black and mild is??, I love the Outback :), RT Duke has a playmate...an 18 mo old labrador that needs exercise and they play well....there is a God!, RT : Sequences matter when persuading people to implement major behavior changes, Not looking forward to cutting the grass this afternoon, Bye bye, Thanks for reaching out. Welcome to the neighborhood., “: Sally, we know you're a Souper reporter! You don't need to wear it on your sleeve...” Don't taste the soup!, It's like I see all these people on Twitter into and knowledgeable about the sport, Yet I can't find one like that :/ lol, .yeah I'm going to rocco's tomorow. I'm kicking his ass at ultimate marvel vs capcom 3., Tomorrow is huge!!!, I NEED A HOT TUB. that honestly the only thing i want to do right now., i like to put my hair in a big puff ball on the side of my head, Watch out for Phil. Putting out of his mind!, and this is where discussions about shared values among faculty might be a 1ststep to derive metrics., 2 nights in a row I end with "Jack Sparrow" and pack the dance floor??? LOL!!!!, Detroiters! We're setting up a screening with the free press for next month! WIll open in Detroit in September! Thanks for being patient!, So. Good!, #FridayFightAgainst Lung Cancer. My aunt is affected with it, and I'm scared I'm gonna lose her. I almost lost her once :,(, #adtechny registration page is down., That's me right now #RealNiggaShit ": #ShoutOut to all the niggas on the clock wasting time", On my way to shut this OFFICIAL AFTER PARTY FOR THE "TASTE OF NEW ORLEANS" down tonight call me for mo info 2104203577, definitely in full support of !, What a day at #w2e! Looking forward to #ignitenycx!, Lets do this shiiii!! Hahha!! :D, All of us here at and wishing moms everywhere a very happy Mother's Day!, He said we were done talking. & he text me? Tf!?, its 230. I hate u., you guys are awesome...can't wait to hear about it, Mumble mumble sob technology, Are you in Florida yet?, Thanks for the #WW and #FF mentions, I can't wait.. do you still keep in touch with taps team?? Do you have plans to join them again??, Good morning from Upfront Consultants, how is everybody today?, RT : : Such a double standard: when a guy sleeps with a bunch of girls, he's a "stud," but when I do, I'm a "lesbian", The divide represents existent social fractures RT : Blair Levin says bandwidth caps will "create a new digital divide.", Time is money I don't waste neither, I really do wish the clock stopped in the last 2 minutes on a 1st down in the, - where is that?, ah honeymoon time! have fun with the guidos... so much sexy chest hair and so many gold chains. so jeals., “: BRB- This lil diva needs to get squeaky clean... Rub-a-dub-dub Dee's getting in the tub!!! XD” pic or didn't happen ;), good luck on ur midterms. I bet it's so hard to study when you have all those hot girls walkin around. God damn they were fine., Bucket List Item #1: Say the one liner before the C.S.I. theme song/intro., Libraries can't compete for commercial content, so why try? Service should be focused on empowering/enabling community creation, NEW twitter because this one is retarded - follow me. this one will no longer be in use., im great thanks, just tired and bored -.- and you? :), so how did they tell you it was your turn? I still haven't been forced to switch yet but I know it's only a matter of time., Hey it's better than watching any Minnesota teams play! lol, It's normal for a Major League team to have 1.1 errors per game... right? Thats only around 180 errors in a season., ILYY ROSS! Please follow me!!<3, FYI get ready for an exciting promotion for our facebook fans. like us today to become eligible., I love now, tommorow & today, And if God give me time… I will love you, till the end of my life. “HAPPY VALENTINE DAY”, Watching the South Park episode where Stan & Kyle build a clubhouse to play truth or dare. Totally forgot Stan's parents get divorced!, Children's Communication Checklist-2, see? this is what I need, I need just a little more business to continue to make $200/day. You best bet I'd be wearing ruby-encrusted boxers, Missing my Washington friends, you can't find that I think you need a google map haha...ball out!, joins me now on FM 93.7/AM 1510 discussing former #Rockies owner Jerry McMorris, I am interested in trying it with French. Did it take a while for kids to get used to it?, If u only knew how busy we were you'd come and help, thanks! I have to show you it when i see you! and yes! Im so excited!, Hah! Great, so long as those old 45's are already trashed going into it..., it's packed, ready to play, love it !!!, makes sense...wonder where tho, I'll be following that story for now, your tinman is pretty cool! haha. how do you find time to make all of those things?, “: what up”hey, i know how you feel!, Next time you are in MD, belated bday dinner., Being of the previous generation....I'd say...yes., Only way I'll ever get that score is in a video game. RT : Finally broke 100. Shot a 98. I'll take it., 2012: "The longest journey starts with but a single step". Which way are you going to walk this year?, Something is hacking tons of twitter accounts today. I've had over 15 messages saying to check out what someone is saying about me., what time of year is that....?, thanks to EVERYONE who participated in coding for a cause today. It was so incredibly awesome!, . Wittgenstein's idea of use in context gives us an interesting way of talking about computation, #YouGetMajorPoints if you smile a lot., No way...still advise highlights! XOX, you know it! cop some dope sh*t from, Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. Robert Collier, Haven't drank a soda all day! This mess sucks!!, #FOLLOW MY BOY, Why is my sister So annoying?, “: lol it's hard to be a a virgin when I'm your daddy. Check your birth certificate son” are we 5?, AMAZING! We will all bust out in the dougie if you play it. Toot it and boot...also a great selection. What up from the office!, Fox will not confirm that Britney Spears and Demi Lovato is joining The X Factor., stop finding excuses and start finding a way., What is your favourite thing to do when you're sad, that will cheer you up.., Hey did u get our answer about the IPAD 3 Competition video post location?, If you can't get someone out of your mind, maybe they are supposed to be there, A song will outlive all sermons in the memory., Happy Mother's Day! Where are you taking MOM for #brunch today?, Update: I just ate a salted caramel cupcake from, Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. Samuel Lover, I need: sex, drugs & rock 'n roll. Not necessarily in that order... Bad, mood today. VERY bitter. :'(, We are booking some shows in NC for April/May, HER last day should've been years ago. It was somewhat sad considering we had 1 of the first pay w/ your phone apps, I'm just not upset about the Quick stuff. Mainly because I've always had latent Quick feelings. Always., Did Newman retire?, The differnce betwen a succesful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowldge, but rather a lack of will. - Lombardi, Omg! It's the hilarious Vrajesh! :D, new home computer. first piece of software loaded?, that appears to be Full Moon. If you are in Birmingham, make sure to try Jim and Nicks BBQ. Their cheese biscuits are great!, "After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.", OMG 7th Guest is FREE in the AppStore. Who remembers that game?, roses are red, violets are blue. he's for me & not for you. & if by chance you take my place, ill take my fist & smash your face ! (:, Getting ready for a #Nebraska Cornhusker bowl victory!, Agreed! RT : and were great blackjack company at, easy on the tweets, u almost have more then me and ive have had twitter for months, Art institute w. Scot! Fab, I hear its your #Birthday! So HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Hope its great! :), 10 minutes in and out of the path lab, and early to work. Way to be better than Quest, UMMC., Miami Marlins' new baseball stadium color scheme is like a outfit from The Nanny, possibly louder, have an amazing work day sexy <U+274C><U+2764><U+274C><U+2764><U+274C><U+2764>, omg yess! i LOVE one direction!<3, Fresh Besto Pesto at Mandela Foods Co-op in West Oakland all day and everyday!, Make this day a healthy eating day!, We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal......, #youcantdateme if your shorter than me. Just not cool lmfao, Doesn't it? Made me hungry!, Now Syracuse? What is this world turning into?, free beer?, thank you! Hey, my dad is a pilot for American Airlines, I hear he will be getting FF for free? Is this true?, Followed! :D Thanks for following me by the way. :'), He is crying cause he lost his starting job. Doc said the other day he is the healthiest guy on the team. An obvious dig, be safe and have a fun trip ! God bless!(:, Thanks will do., #teenwolf who will make it out alive? And human? I hope !, Dear ABQ weather, April Fool's Day was yesterday. What gives?, Hi, I'm Rickie Weeks. You might remember me from such home runs as...the monster I just hit., Hi Aiden, Thanks for the re-follow. Have a good day., Skeptical about the authenticity of my new #Amish cookbook since it tells me to use an electric mixer and name brand products., #investors seek 2 get on board 2 writeoff expense from #venturecapital GoMedia #stocks Vegan Rest., Thanks, bud!, Yup i hit em on fbee, fitness indicators and sex displays article at blog, (almost everyone seriously underestimates pleiotropy), There you go!, 'Smartcompassion ": : Adults must model compassion in deeds, not words, to raise compassionate globalcitizens!", Thanks, same to you:), Oh really? *takes out a pen and paper* Your address please?, Get a few shots off today. Take some video of someone or something (maybe a vehicle of some sort) approaching. Keep that camera steady. Wow!, Interview number 1 today and another next week, please let one of them come through!!!!, wow! Are you done with the program or just for the year. Congrats either way. YAH bless!, At the beginning of my July 4th vacation in the Pines!, Just found my hand in another Clorox commercial! Yes!!, Rumor has it Facebook Timeline for businesses is launching this week...keep an eye out!, We're busy baking up a storm. Plan to stop by tomorrow morning to sample some of our new muffins!, Chuck Harmon is talking about meeting Babe Ruth, Seriously..I hate that fucking justin bieber..He is such a gay..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, Yes, I do! fine, gosh, I will!<3 happy?, I want. I don't know what I want, but I want... ¦, Thank you so much for helping me promote our DIY Design Competition., I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!^, the question is are u ready for it Nick?, Who cares if Cher's son used to be a woman? How can people be aggressive about a thing like this?, is your # still the same?, Unity A Journey of Hope does the same, we go the extra MILE for ourwish recipients. We are SUCCESSFUL, sounds like something from the bassoon barn :p, 5 minute conference with my teacher today? Niice. Easy day. Bring it on, #drive should be next. RT : Finally watched Ides of March. Thanks for the recommendation. Quality flick., Forget this life Come whit me Don't look back Unlock your heart Drop your guard No one's left to stop you, do you have any pictures of the dress to share?, sucks to be sick :(, RT : Excel will ruin your life!, Glad we have multiplatform stalking down., She's Long Gone, Just testing the Twitter link. Carry on., #GameofThrones renewed for a third season - *happy dance* - Storm of Swords is my favorite of these books., Why is nick playing for fgs instead of putting the game away with touchdowns? Bama playing to lose game ., Oh yeah I forgot..people change., #disappointingfilms new moon, Love it!, alright! and but all my pictures are of her not me.. so yea.., That's my movie! Lol, F and I are at T's T-ball game while the rest of our family finishes up pre-visit chores. My sister's plane arrives in 3-1/2 hours!, doesn't help with my twitter and email withdrawals, but at least I'm still writing and reading. Sort of. In a way, I guess. :\, I wonder why eating sunflower seeds reminds me of Texas?, Ok final question is on environment - know some people in twitter happy to hear that. Also, I'm getting sleepy. Time to go home!, Thanks darlin"! Love u too!!, nice! You play? Me too - trumpet., I may or may not be working from home while wearing my shark hoodie...., Why the hell chicks so thirsty?!?!, Short two hour excursion at Kings Island with, Getting ready to #Denver with youtu.be/Fp0Y_XCHUbY, Congrats , , , on BIG series win over number 2 Florida!! Travel home safely, Or you could move to Manhattan & live in an apt. no larger than a bathroom stall. But think of your commute!!, Happy 83rd Birthday, Che Guevara! To hell with those CIA rat bastards who took you down, comrade., Hey how do you spell swoll? Or swole?, Hey , get ready for the Wolman Renovation Project to start! This is the #1 source of information about the project. Stay tuned!, Can't go out my room because somebody's heree. dang bro, take yo axs homee., |#quotes You will either step forward into growth or you will step back into safety., I love being happy...an making ppl feel special, To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness & maintain an interest in life ~ William Londen, i seen her in a car i think it had to be here it was but yeah she was in a car and me and friends drove past here we screamed chloe, friendly? You all look like devil worshipping ingrates ready to suck my blood., we're a clothing company based out of Columbus, Ohio who believes in connecting with people and making our products with love, Re: I'm at Marin Color Service (770 2nd Street, San Rafael) - And why should we care? 4sq is so annoying., Salnave Always Getting in trouble lmaoo, Archie Goodwin puts in a nice behind-the-back one-handed slam. Score: 68., #DASER Comfort "an austere game has few rules, but many possibilities... it maximizes strategy.", good luck this weekend., You're welcome Abby. Glad you and Em could connect. She's passionate about two things: PR + Right ?, happy birthday!, Bed! Big test tomorrow!!, Washington: A Life by Ron Chernow and A Bend In The Road: Finding God When Your World Caves In by David Jeremiah., Was far from the epitome of that hash tag against Arsenal in that '04-05 match that ended the Invincibles' undefeated run., yeah , I got it . Thanks, Wow, what a day at #EdCampColumbus! Thank you so much for all of your support, passion, and desire for change. Can't wait for ECC 2013!!, How about we stop subsidizing *all* marriages rather than reinforcing couplism and heternormativity?, Something's up. Seventeen new followers overnight. Only one is a real person., Hahahaha, why you gotta be so mean? Lighten up. <3, One day my dream is to be an #MBA advisor. Getting paid for not answering emails or providing feedback or guidance, ": Banging that Ol dipset double album down the I 95 #classic"memories lovely times, Great new website from with lots of useful content and listings of events. Check it out!, Ready for season 4 to start!, Manchester United News: Gary Neville praises Hodgson&#39;s ..., Dont think just fly, Eating a candy bar and listening to "Wicked Games" at my desk. Somehow this feels naughty., that's awesome., TO THE PERSON WHO MADE THE DANCE FOR BOYFRIEND. I LOVE YOU. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. AND YOUR VOICE. IM DEAD. AMAZING. ONE AGAIN.<3, Going to watch my bro kick ass in baseball, That was back when he cooked all the time... my obsessive dieting in 2001-2006 cured him of that. :( He says he had a cooking "addiction.", Saturday, March 31: Manchester City v Sunderland, 9am, ESPN2/ESPN3.com Aston Villa v Chelsea, 9am, FOX S QPR v Arsenal, 9am, FOX Soccer Plus, truly a fine line, but overall point was to be informed and give customers as much as *they want* about coffee., Any gigantic headbands Blair Waldorf style. Ugh I hate them., Kiddo and I are half comatose on the couch..., As much as I'm rooting for Santos, it certainly looked like Borges initiated that contact..., Great ideas need landing gear as well as wings. -C. D. Jackson, Nas is that dude, Thank you for sharing our newest work. We are very excited to be collaborating with on this project, The greatest single loss in Navy Seal history happened 6 years ago today when 19 seals lost their lives! Never forget, Thanks a lot man, I appreciate it!, Not an accurate predictor. Leif has teeny ears & is, as we can determine, full-blooded Vulcan. Sounds like Faery royalty., Today! RT "Let go of the fears that hold you back"!!!!!, RT : Is your business interested in being an official sponsor of The Island Fringe Festival? Get in touch with us at..., Happy Star Wars Day!, So I lost like 10 followers -_____________________________-, We just got word that we have been chosen to play in the Gorilla Music Finals Showcase in January. Thanks Gorilla!, they're TERRIBLE. But I'm so fascinated. How? Why?, Almost done with all my projects, and then freshman year is basically over :D, Oh...I've got the Twitter app on my Mac now...trouble!!, Levinson says it 's as simple as "Do not lie on your GAB paperwork.", Just because you're "high pulp" doesn't mean I should have to chew you., It's gonna be really hot today., Absolutely cannot believe my brother is 19. AND a sophomore in college?!, I'm good. Taking things one day at a time. U?, Alabama had a better game tonight, but they sure as hell didn't have a better season., Haha. I forgot about that account. I haven't had it on my phone since two phones ago (just got another one)., We love you, sweet thing., You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare., I'll keep you posted as to how it works out! :-), No way I'll ever try satire after the explosion over 's column in The Huffington Post., Hell yeah, I feel good, Congrats to you were turly amazing!!! Best of luck to you in your future!!, Allison and I just saw Mud and died! It was amazing! Go see it!, thx for the shout out for ThingLink and thx for dropping by., if you eat the shark in jello, that, my friend, is ART, I had a dream about the Jewel show I went to at the Tradewinds in 1994. WTF?I must want the 90's back badly., Going to soccer game(: Second to last game :'( Pretty sad it was an Exicting,Hectic,Winning,Losing,Crying,Funny,Quite,Perfect,and TEAMWORK!, Thanks for following!, I've written 3 letters today. Doing my share in keeping the Postal Service alive ;), You shouldn't tweet while driving., You know what FRANNY...know what's evern scarier...Ike has 3 hits at CITI...& GUESS WHO IS KEEPING PACE WITH YANKS AND THEIR ALMIGHTY LINEUP, My goal in life is to meet Oprah. I gotta make this happen..., We play at 5 at Valhalla. Bird dog promo party. Come on out., #BeachBoys greatest American band of all time, I liked!!!, This has the potential to be the best yet. Super pumped for June 7-10., One of my favorite things about wacky weather is the Al Gore jokes., don't think it's healthy to think about it constantly but would be nice if more people tweeted about absurd laws or injustices, Daylight savings, y'all. Don't forget that shit., Is Todd Haley dressed as a bum for Halloween?, Hi Bernie is providing food, clothing and replacement medications to residents of 14 units from fire this am, You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great, Pay attention to what people do, not what they say, It's actually LeBron's fault., Another great discussion at Life Teen!, can you please follow me :), The shows over.. SWIMMING TIME. :D, Yess! Got my #Spotify invite today. Good times., Considering that sugar is a metabolic poison, maybe you shouldn't call ur baby a sweetheart! LOL!!!! Unless ur not in love with them anymore, you got a buzz yet, lol, Making a difference....tomorrow., Get off my nuts plzzz..., Bought my first north face jacket this weekend. Slowly assimilating into portlandia., At the Esperanza spalding concert, Next year, it'll happen! #notWorried RT : Needs to get out of 1st round first, bruins can't buy a goal., I will never understand how Boers & Bernstein keep their jobs. Show is (and always has been) terrible., Remember Google Plus?, Another day on the court! Tourney Championship Game, Nothing like watching criminals getting their ass whooped to the bad boys theme song, Watching #MadMen backwards is crazy fun, #GameofThrones marathon = best lazy Sunday ever, ya man I am from central florida also, What u get up too, Its hard to find cool spots these days.., Should I see "Think Like A Man" or "Hunger Games"?? Help me out here...??, I'm dying over here to get S2 have to wait til Wednesday hope I don't turn into a walker..., well yo phone is DUMB !, thanks! We should be recording a new episode this week. To post your sessions, PM me your email address and will set you up., He's usually in our parking lot about this time of night!, at home chillin, Man Vs. Food and thinking about a QT run., Happy Birthday stranger :p, Lose the attitude and I'll consider it. :p, lol wouldn't go wrong...n ok dats cool for a start...I can dig dat :), Love the Corkboard video, exhibition looks great. Also #congradulations !, what's illegal about getting hit with a bad cold?, Dang there they go again, Forecast for Monday Night: Showers. Lows in the lower 60s. Southeast winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain near 100 percent., I think that might make it worse, no? It's too hard, so let someone else do it..., Thx WH “: Today President Obama begins an all-out push to make sure college loan rates don't double. #DontDoubleMyRate”, When im sleepy, im too honest, I'm so proud of you Lalo......CiCi, Tom and Becca are headed to Boone for Rep. King's town hall event! We hope to see you there!, Why is it that it took 5 minute stand stills on the 15 for everyone to just merge into one lane!!, he's quitting to start marketing his new line of hair products., w/my sister after an afternoon of early #easter shopping., @#xboxfamily be careful of the headsets. Kids use bad language and bully on internet-connected video games. no headsets!, For those that asked, you can follow me on Twitter, New characters have emerged in Book 2 Ardor: Love, thanks for the inspiration mike and sadie! PS They also just got engaged! Congrats!, When your big dreams turn to dust, it's time to find the vacuum. Until later xoxo, hell yeah xD, Today is Edit Day. Today is Nose to the Grindstone Day. Today is Kick Chapter 15 Square in the Junk Day., hi nick, i'm a mom of a type 1 diabetic. i'm writing a book of T1 poems, would you write one for my book? please?!, Going to the pool with (:, Today my kids were "tweeting" at the birds outside and all I could think about was how "tweeting it", Still working on a few. The majority is in., Best dressed at Golden Globes? Do tell..., If they hear it, and accept it, then Muslims will be set free from the condemnation of false worship of a false god., I could be wrong about Latin America., Homework will be the death of me, PJ has introduced me to music I wouldn't have listened to, they've been there through good times & bad, they've given me reason to travel., No! It's can't be over for another year. I am so sad., Well, what do you like? Melodrama, romance, comedy, drama?, : Thx for your VT comments-- The intro slide is PowerPoint :), Credit to the USA defense, holding strong with their backs to the wall, I don't know if I could survive a holiday without abc family., Major League Soccer: Screw knowing the players names - WE HAVE STADIUMS!, God today is rough. Feelin like shit in soo tired., I do odd things. It just happens. Not sure why. Then I over think it. I get over it soon enough. Till then....sigh., Had a headache today so I grabbed an Ice pack for my head. had it on for a half hour until I realized it was a bag of turkey gravy., welcome... Now get rid of the evidence., I'm really not getting all the accolades for his performance but I guess he set the bar pretty low., i am, Watching Chronicle for the first time! This movie is sick, Wearing my wedding ring for the first time, doesn't feel like a part of my hand yet, Im gonna take a nap!, Dang it. Now I have to get used to Austin being in a different time zone than me., Up and at 'em! Headed to an appearance at a local elementary school for the "Fueling Potential: Racing to Win" program with, Word nerd factoid: This type of repetition in speech: “government of the people, by the people, for the people …” is called Epistrophe., My 3 yr old just asked me if David apologized to Goliath after hitting him in the head with a rock. How do I explain that one?, Thank you! You have indeed moved us forward! Onward to victory!, Finally out of the inning after they struck out Derek Webb., so many memories today , stayed up until 4 am with Jackie and her mom , christina , me and sister and my mom . so much fun !, dude this game is gonna be awesome(:, Trying to figure out when to leave for the game. Are we gonna have BP tonight or not because of the weather?, We'd all likely do the same!, I'm up for that. If you've got the guts., #icantgoadaywithout getting on twitter & facebook :) 8], by who??, im getting a haircut, a ship shaped like a star, Oh, hey there, SF. How's it going?, RT : I learned the value of hard work by working hard, hahaha I thought it was hilarious!! "Dude, you have a 1.2 GPA, they're never gonna pick you.", Watching him play in college was awesome!, "[Haunted House] This is the sound of cosmic sludge, dark and eerie with a host of spirits set free." -Bruce Lee Gallanter, Downtown..., It is made of sugar, cocoa butter, dry milk solids and vanilla essence, Why do I keep dreaming bout this shit, I swear we're not a twitter robot... We just are slow at getting shit started!, still poppin' off in tha shop !, My sleep schedule is beyond fucked up, Thanks to everyone from the #bbn for the support tonight. What an exciting win. Come catch us again tomorrow night for the rematch!, consider it done!, Trying out longwear lip color. Here we go..., Society to hold panel discussion on W&M curriculum w Anne Neal, ACTA President, March 14, 2012 at 4 p.m. in the Great Hall, Wren Building., Thanks for your support tramon!, tonight at #whoswithme ??, Aw I love my dress!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>, Saw 3 audience members using iPads to video tape speakers at Friday's #Toastmasters Div D Speech & Evaluation contest. Nice use of tech., yeah me to. Now I'm singing, "She's your queen to be" Thanks guys!, #HockeyMeans a rough, tough, rock em, sock em, action sport for (us) hard-working middle class people., I'll just go shopping by myself, “ Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. ~ Vince Lombardi”, Should've been 12 games ago, “: #goodthingsinthisworld are awesome friends like ” and Al!, New Super Mario Bros. 2 Coming To 3DS This Summer, First Screenshots Unveiled The Nintendo 3DS will be receiving more Mario in a few mont, The fine folks are helping to make inspiring public art happen all over Baltimore. Please utilize there amazing services!, And then bike to better block!! " : It's Bike to Work day today. Be aware and share the road. #Bike2WorkOK”, 4rm na on ANY type of FIXIN or HACKIN i gotta do I NEED Dat PAPER...NO MOE FREEBEES 4 ANY NIGGA...U NEED HELP N I NEED MONEY...#Momma Ra ..., There are few things better than happy hour sushi, Sickest MCs doing it , , Papoose, Cassidy, whatsup? I will be seeing you this week I believe, Best compliment, ever: You take Sunday Funday seriously., #rets attendees please note that the rooms listed on crowdvine aren't always correct. Check the printed schedule., like like like. it was an awfully nice zip code, wasn't it? rolls off the tongue much easier than "one one one oh two" now..., Of you're going to follow me..and I follow back. Don't unfollow me and not expect to get unfollowed back.., Sycamores maintain the lead at halftime, 38-26. looking good so far., harry: what is your favorite starter up coversation. lewis: will you marry me. harry: simple. but effective. lmfao!1, Ladies and Gentleman, let's welcome Taylor Newman to Twitter!, Phoenix Arizona A O K, It's almost time!! Prayer at 6:30pm. Don't come alone, bring a friend!, yes, it's Friidaay Eve....and I am glad., LEARNING SOCIAL SITES ON XBOX, Might be the weekend to check out 's Merchant of Venice. I hear it's a good one., If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane, Any chance of adding something like circles? Want easily organize my tweeps into different categories. Lists suck., 3 months later, I'M BACK! Move to NY? Yup. Audition more in Baltimore now that I'm not there? Yup. Maybe I'll actually keep up with this now, Fluoride at the dentist <<<, Corona is a great summer time beer!!, he looks so big and fuzzy. I saw his picture last night!!, Just had a going away party for Ken! Its time to get some gifts!, hope u miss me a little wen Im gone. 4real. have fun w/out me n jeez u seriously wnt ham cussin!! Spare me sum. Lol. ¦¦ u, Thanks, I do know some HTML/CSS, so I may go with user instruction., #FridayReads giving A Game of Thrones another try. It's slow going, and I don't really know why. I like the writing and the characters., about to go for my second workout. What are you doing, :D me and lovee period cups(;, What do you call a black person on the moon? An astronaut you racist bastard..., omg is back on my tl missed that guy.!(x, Happy birthday to another Broadway legend and one of my first Broadway heroinesg Patti LuPone!, When it rains, it pours...lamoids who wanna get all up on this puss., #Ideas are in limbo until you implement them. Write them down but also set up a plan for next steps., When you know your dreams will come true, time isn't an issue. Learn to let it go..., Its a mighty strange thing to organize the who is who in Econ, finance and business titans to? To do what? Silly Bilderberg Goose., Thank you Todd. Have a great weekend as well., Headed for paradise in the morning aka Art Fest in the keys!, no problem :], Yum! And for non-vegetarians, the green beans stirfried with chicken is quite delish too!, Yes. That and Twitter as well. :C, can u request me on facebook, revmolly.tumblr.com/ for the farmers, Second pass by the Mall! #spottheshuttle even closer! I think I want to cry., “Try to expect nothing, but be open for anything, I wish this worked as well on dudes as it does on cats, That is some scary sounding thunder, u inflated cake, That looks like Alex is 60 years.., Last min decision to see 2 movies in a row w my baby girl., Shoutout to all my pack fans its gonna be a tough season but we will get through this i promise!! were to loyal to quit, DAMN THE NIGHT IS JUST RIGHT WITH THE GUYS OF TO RUSH!, It was a very long day & there was no coffee machine! Ha so it wouldn't have been the best place to meet anyway :-), FOLLOW ME BACK IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY :), The black Mamba must be outta venom lol, NBP, Ria Financial services enter into agreement - Business Recorder (blog), Next show is 102.9 The Buzz "Friday Night Live" show at Red Rooster in Nashville, TN on May 11th!!! Show @ 7:30. Come out!!!, #AyoNicki I love it when you go back to the basics and make REAL HIP-HOP MUSIC, oppose to that rinky dink stupid ishh. Bitch you a rapper, I just thought you were really excited about him for some reason, Took the dog out for a walk, watched car pull out from behind mine, proceeded to slam into the next car up the block., Clever girl..., It's said dreams come true & I dreamed about a vacation on a sunny beach at a beautiful resort somewhere in the Caribbean. Plz come true, Anytime! Thank you for all of your hard work!, National Postgraduate Medical College of ... - Recent Nigerian Jobs, laken and Jenna!, So man euros..., Coffee. Newspaper. Bed., #industrynight starts tonight from 8-10pm. unwind after your week in the weeds with 1/2 prices bottles of wine. it's going to be a good time, I'm so amped for tonight, like omg!! asdfghjkl, too easy an answer as a Gunner...clearly its Koscielny, happy birfday gurl! Saturday birfdays r da best!! Have a fantastic day :), good song!, i know! im thinking 'yeah right, like shes got more followers than justin. HA! lol she asked me how many followers i had and, playing with tonight at the Tea Bazaar. We go on at 9. Come out, best show on network tv behind modern family. Step up you humor game!, Today marks the first time I've ever used a smoker. Hoping not to burn down my house too much., 49 Minutes till Christmas.(:, please follow and i follow :D, It's a beautiful Saturday down here in Fort Lauderdale. Hope everybody have a fabulous weekend!, Happy Ash Wednesday!!! I love the representation of today and the 40more to come, i just wanted to let you know that you will forever be my favorite you are amazing omg., hi mia hope you're having a super day, Thanks to all the Reason Rally attendees! I'm with you in spirit! Or..."with you" in "spirit.", Follow back?, guess what it's Saturday big hair n lots of makeup night lol, the video cracked me up...unfortunately true, Car crash at Alameda & Potomac. Cops in scene., in, on, wherehaveyou, Thanks, Tim you made some great points on using government as a platform to collaborate with others to solve global solution, In a mastering session for my new single, Makin' Love. Yes my album is EPIC., Music is a part of us. Hating on someone's musical choices is like hating on who somebody is as a person, Scal segment on CSNNE shows the caricature that Felger has become. Scal made him look every bit the talking head he is in terms of, Naah everyone knows they wanna txt me :), I cried a bit :,( but now I'm going to watch wear house 13, what's funny is I started to give him directions. Then I was like duh! He works for Google. He knows how to find us., Sometimes I talk in a third person ...¢ and people think I'm crazy especially my friends and family, I have a tendency to wanna do things like begin a long game or something wen my bus is near my stop. Idk y., What happened to Skiles' defensive-minded teams?, Really you're all the way in Tampa and you're calling me about shit that hasn't even happened., fest.. All Access bands rock! :), RT - I love laying in bed and watching NFL football!! But I'd rather be drenched on paint sweat tears and rain in the ..., We'll have telescopes set up on the levee behind the planetarium from 8-9:30 tonight. Check out Venus, Saturn, Mars, and more!, You embarrass yourself with all the stuff you post on twitter...., dude. when are we going to catch up? seriously..., i could seriously live in !!! yum, But, I do love the idea of a bicoastal super styling machine. We can have offices on Rodeo Drive and 5th Avenue., RT : Im at Ritz tonite <U+E409> RT : Where y'all turning up at tonight???, are you okay?, i miss you, Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have., John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander, Kit Fisto dies like a bitch. But Mace Windu kicks Palpatines butt., I love you. but FUCK YOU, part 6 is up!!, Looks like its gonna be scary movies all night (: hate watchin em alone but it'll do for now, The Hunger Games is so much better the second time around., he reads his interviews and seen all his movies lmfao he's just like me omg, Thank you for the kind words! RT : “: Finally got my shrimp and grits #HappyDance”...the best in town!!!!, help me reach my of 500 followers !! :D, I am tweeting via clap bc Im lazy and dont want to sign out. But I laughed when I saw you on this! YESCH!, It's also a high-deductible, but still seems very reasonable for a single healthy person, Changed our profile pic! Paint the town Purple: Go Ravens!, I've watched it once. I'll see if a rewatch makes me less liable to trash it., psssshhhhh we're all seeing dj in nyc tonight, i seriously want it to be Saturday already, Don't be yourself with just emotion and objective, also have the character's 'who am I'., what advice do you need?, Me and my friend had a fight.... it sucks because now who am i supposta talk to at lunch now? omg., almost just died from watching the scariest shit ever, Global Household Appliances Industry, Listening to Some Nights by Fun. and find the lead singers voice to be strangely reminiscent of Freddie Mercury's...which means, I like it!, hi - trying to send an email to and it keeps bouncing back. I there another email I can send to?, a pat on the shoulder for who, Here at #sxsw and I can say.. This is the most corporate back bunch of Fucks on the planet. Next year #fuckthebadge hang out in coffee shops, "Absence makes the heart grow fonder." Not really, His view of gov't sounds like a market conservative when rhetoric is removed. Extreme left meets the extreme right?, that picture of austin and romo is just too adorable i cant handle it., What were your thoughts on the Badger D last night? I think bend but don't break against UNLV = shattered against the B1G., I had poor service at the Showmars in Dilworth last week too. Kept trying to sell me stuff!!!, The boredom at work though, hm, smehow it has seeped not my hootsuite auto fill... Damn that automation!, I was awake at 4, but ours has an engine. Our neighbors would have been pissed but maybe it would have killed our tenant's afterbar., Miss ya bud, Happy Birthday you have truly changed the online world., Kepler Lucas :Why? Because I can., Or Stitch Lab does a class, or I'm happy to try to teach you!, oh shit I know this one.. I think it's LSU, My husband has arranged for a cousin to stay with us though I am not the least afraid, I wish the words weren't cut out in 8 mile right now., yes I do cook:-), We got this. Watch out ATL, fear the deer!, Awww. I needed that this morning. Hi, guys!, Hi Alicia! Hope you have a great weekend :) You wrote some great stuff this week., Haha i figured, no judgement. Shes the orginal and i have no clue who The Jam is., So true. RT : I love Peeta and I love Gale. I have a favorite for Katniss. But I really hate this team talk. This isn't Twilight., haha, good point!, Thank You Father For Your Gifts And Talents Given To Me. I Present Them Before You. I Walk In Increase As Your Son To Expand Your Kingdom!, But im so hungry, I need an RSS Reader. Any suggestions?, You should! Inspire everyone at Light Grey Art Lab to make art on trains!, I was greeting one of my friends so sweetly. I was all like: Hey loser and then they were all like: hey shit head, oven= tanning bed. fullbody paint=spray tan, Have you chkd into open enrollment (tosa) or the language immersion schools? How old us your lil man?, I'm not much of a carpenter, but I have plenty of wood, and I feel like building something., Big shout out to , my corrugated angel with bubble wrap wings! :-), #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle I Know What Your Titties Did Last Summer, To a pop A&R, the 2012 equivalent of "If, I, Should Stay" - Is the opening piano bars of Adele's "S'one Like You" must hear it 3 times a day, Yay can't wait for you guys to open!, This is why I never do the previews lol, yo my brother i got a feeling go do a lot hot calabos i miss him and doing tracks together tho, FINALLY Done Ironing her clothes~yay! Accomplishment done! :p, Oh, sad face! Bummer you won't be in the neighborhood, but see you soon, regardless!!, either your knowledge of youth lingo is impressive, or your acct has been hacked. or maybe both., in Djoker box, now that's a Mind F***!, I am tearing up just looking at him. My mom is getting me cat supplies for my birthday., later gator!, Hi ! Do you have any totally #raw breads?, I think Joey does, Never make the same mistake twice, Leadership Breakast Series continues- At Bubbys with &, RT: Always got a taste for a milkshake..... ALWAYS!, should I turn spin cycle into a one man musical show on broadway? Songs like, " we don't wear sweaters", I bet! Well early congrats and give T a big happy birthday hug for me, Why are you happy?(:, Perfect Sunday in Seattle?? /Belltown: 10am Spin + 11am Flow Yoga : 10am Beginner Yoga with Trudy, Wanna know whats cowardly? Treating someone so badly that they want to end their life., If you expect everything to be perfect then your only setting yourself up for failure & disappointment., Funny how Luna Vachon made her debut and beat the stuff outta Sensational Sheri, ADELES MOM BUYS BOY CLOTHES FOR ADELE, If steroids are illegal for athletes, then Photoshop should be illegal for models., Let's settle down, #cubuffs. Too sloppy, thank u, I guess I never really loved you :( </3, look at his head between rounds 4&5 2 big blobs and he had never even been hit in the head! "no blood no lube" just saying!, WOO HOO! Finally at LOVE this place!, Its not like a cold or something... I might have bulimia. D:, RT : I'm learning this lesson lately: Don't underestimate what God has ALREADY put inside u & the people around u. Hidden treasure!!, New addition to our Natalie's Pageant Closet Online Store!! Dedicated to the Pageant Queens making positive changes in their communities. P…, Only 23 days till Thanksgiving! Get your holiday pie orders in early!, Well, that's a good reason. I'm always getting spammed, Lol right? Idk how this thought came about, haha!, I am rooting for the #OrlandoMagic; after what #DwightHoward did to his coach, I want Van Gundy to show him he is not what he thinks he is., remember the song! Lol i whip my hair back and forth!, My husband is a faithful bus rider and has encountered the same thing on a number of occasions!, This class is such a joke, im gunna be seeing you! im meeting you !, Dis is strange bitch we does dis, Girl at , "You order your bold coffee with such boldness..Ha! (I did approach the counter w/an aggressive bark), I would love it if someone would come keep me company (snuggle me) right now!, thanks Jackie :) Hope you have a wonderful day crazy lady :D, Wavy beers on deck, its time to put some cuffs up on yo girl, Can't wait to go to the sox game next month ¦, Really glad I went, it was nice!, RT : 19% higher risk of non-adherence among patients whose physicians have poor communication, Well it don't take much. I'm a sucker for the little things :), When do I find out if I get the next voxbox? have the emails gone out already I am so confused!, My and quicksilver combo isn't cutting it anymore. Thinking about giving a run. Any fans out there?, That would be my guess. Their actions continually befuddle me., Love to you too!, The South Asian author panel was one of the best I attended!, The older I get, I'm either becoming more of a blatant asshole or my friends & family are since they're blatantly calling me one now., New updates coming soon, keep reading!!, thanks for following! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>, The Miniature Golf League is coming back and it's in Sellwood. Who's excited?, do you have the link to watch this online?, Rest in peace #DonnaSummer ... your music always makes me smile., Well if you can't DM me you can't spam me then right., Brian Volpe, CMO of hubspot says its bad move for B2B firms to abandon blogging for other social media. Not as rich. Amen., Marriage is spiritual, so why do people seek it thru means of the world?God ordained marriage, why seek a husband/wife like the world does?, haha the dudes are the AWESOME!, You're stupid so don't talk., Merry Christmas!!!, Nice day at the Grand Rapids Public Museum!, aye... my twitter is being so stupid. so yeah idk if u replied to my dm cuz i cant see anything -_-, MT ": Local vodka, hugs from Paul Bunyan, massages from a nun, half-naked ladies... MHC, can I please move in? #aam2012”, #DoctorWho returns tomorrow at 7.10pm! oh my gosh I can hardly wait, Ahh, another beer-centric holiday so soon after beer week. Good life! Cheers!, ..if i don't get married be the age 25 , will someone put me down (kill me), Your proposal presentations can make the difference. Showcasing that you can present a great message is half the battle., Hey, I think you're, Shipping Buddy Bikes to Kansas, Texas and the UK!, haha that's whats up...I wish u would of told me earlier but I already have 2 weddings and I think I may be going to NYC, I know it's really sad haha. Oh and btw I'm taking an hour lunch, We're installing a limestone driveway in the historic Heights. Would your house look great with a new driveway? Call us to discuss options!!, Not in the mood for school, Traffic has not moved at all for at least 20 minutes....., Follow me? e, Coach on Survivor is unbelieveable! There has never been a guy like him on there yet., How dare you stray! Thou shalt not worship any other taprooms. ;), Good grief, no. Guess I could have clarified "without editing core" but that should be a given., CRSS would like 2 wish EVERYONE A HAPPY EASTER, A HAPPY PASSOVER, and anything else that u ALL may celebrate!!! Xoxoxo, Contributions to the juke box? Springsteen's "Santa Claus is Coming to Town" and "Maneater". I'd call tonight a success., Aarghh!! I'm jealous! I can't wait to get my copy of The Big Heat! Did you get a magnet?, What a strange debate format., bitch jk but i cant believe u left this aweesome account :P, the men of my refined social sphere like it when I use the clutch to rap their posteriors whilst shouting "harder"., Back on Twitter so tweet me, KD deserves that MVP more than anyone, anyone interested in #digitalcoupons can switch over to for insight into a hot marketing activity., Man i wish my shirt kums tomarrow, My laundry looks like the Trash Heap from Fraggle Rock. It's slowly inching its way towards me, about to swallow me whole. Brunch first!, Better yet, call Aspen Garage Door... one of those small local businesses that everyone and their brother recommends., I have a massive headache. Fuck., Very true! But frustrating... been waiting for that bus for ages!, At the Biggest Loser Casting call for my station. Amazed at how many people are smoking here., great! We need to visit all the Fam back east. Look for us this summer!, Anyone else like FRREEEAAKKKINGGG out about the Google+ hangout tonight?! XD, I love the feeling of not having to set my alarm and waking up at 2:30 in the afternoon, Thank you for your greeting, and may your day be filled with great fortune!, of course not! I would never!:), What should you give a man who has everything? A mute nymphomanic 18 year old girlfriend., I can't get married, I'm a thirty year old boy., I'm watching Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday. Clay Aiken is the project manager. If his team wins, The National Inclusion Project gets money!, Sure, that's the spirit! :) RT : If it doesn't kill me, it will make me stronger, right?, in order: Pulp, Reservoir, Kill Bill 2, Ing Bast, Kill Bill, Jackie Brown, Death Proof, 4 Rooms, way to go girl..Wassup these days hope all is good!!, The first goal of business is to stay in business. You can't please a client, or audience, if you can't make a profit., ...the old "ambush a perp" thing is cliche & I try to use it only when/if necessary. But when I do that I hope they'll share their client's, At some point I will do some work and I will feel good about it and then reference that time I did some work for about a week, We actually bought some of the chalk board spray paint. Great minds think alike!, young startups hire all kinds of other young, inexperienced people: engineers, designers, marketers - such is life..., Happy New Years Weekend Everybody - I'll be tweeting next, next year., Only a hour and 10min left to win the autograph, Sexiest Asian chick ever at mcDonalds doe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>, Big Bill has his reasons for being a Wildcat fan, even tho NU never awarded me an honorary degree as they did my enemy Gov. Frank Lowden!, Ha or you cud ignore me as you walk by and look straight at me. No kiss no hug no text., ha, you're down the street from where I work., Time be creepin, i'm running over to get a Cut Throat of my own. that's practically in my backyard!, oh gosh!, when are you coming to visit the QC.....i think it's time we meet face to face dont you ????, not sure I'll have to do anything other than work, but do you all have any tasty food suggestions for me?, It would really frame your face and bring out your eyes., of course I'll email you the youtube clips to approve ...have a good night., 6 tests on Saturday and a bike ride on Sunday. Or shooting range. Depends on how Saturday goes lol, lol yea she dope!, Today in Literary History: On March 13, 1941 Elizabeth Madox Roberts (Kentucky novelist and poet who wrote UNDER THE TREE) died in Florida., agree with you on that, 1 of 2: “False friends are like our shadow, keeping close to us while we walk in the sunshine..., I LOVE NEW YORK CITY, U R such a lucky man!, RT : "The word philanthropy comes from two Greek words that together mean 'love of people.'" my new fundraising book, she was wonderful! It's inspiring to see what can be accomplished on a social platform., My mommy said I don't need anymore tattoos cause I'm unique and beautiful already ¢Awww, This time its gonna be me. - 'N Sync, Oh kick some ass also., Oh well..., Grey leaves open all color possibilities., your polka dots are super cute! PS I finally got to Bistrot du Coin the other day (at long last)!!, iits the Mrs., Not tripping off you people is too short!!!, Michele Bachmann said homosexuality was enslavement. Bitch, enslavement means you are a slave and gay means lots of sex and cool clothes, Seems like I was only falling in love a few minutes ago.. Now I'm falling apart., Thanks a lot! I was actually watching "The Great Dictator", remember this nuggetron?, lmao then girls are just straight dumbasses, Happy #Monday everyone! In honor of the quickly approaching #summer, what are your #travel plans for your break?, WWW.HELPINGHANDSINDIANA.COM, Just arrived in DC with Shit is about to get groovy, there is also rosemary ;), Rip Grip <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>, Lol. I thought that's what I heard. RT "It was not God's will for the Steelers to win..." - Ray Lewis, Hi We're staying downtown at the and looking for a good brkfst spot we can walk to. Recs?, Courtside- Rockets & Bobcats., no, I haven't tried that one. You like?, We really need closed captioning on these TVs, don't we?, Pretty shocking to see Miami down 20, let alone giving up 70 in a half...against the Warriors., hey buddy! You know there's no harm in warming up :), If a Twitter account exists, and no one pays attention to the crap it spews..., finally got the christmas tree out XD now it needs decorating ^^, they went in on making him put his hair down in slow motion LMFAO, Ok! I will! I can't believe that this is the last week of school already., What to wear. I want a tank., A Duke study suggests in 2 decades, we'll spend $550 billion in obesity-related health problems like type 2 diabetes & heart disease., - Finally had a chance to put my Romo together, super easy and I think it took longer to download the app then to assemble it!, thanks so much., Caps win! Series tied!, the singing videos I mean, RT Professional courtesy: do you extend it and to what point? / Sure, as much as I can. Hard to answer here esp w/RT text!, The cost of opening your own restaurant depends on the type of restaurant that you desire to open., "Access to quality healthcare should be a basic human right ." - David Loud of Jim McDermott's office., Purchased 3 discounted registrations before they sold out via Living Social for the event in August. Have 2 willing kids :), Always a tough question. A little NNW. Love Hitchcock, though less a fan of Pyscho ~, I can't tell if that's a cop or not, I don't fall asleep, I pass out., Damn fam just gon blast me huh...i gotcha when i get hm u alreddi kno & gud lookin out fa da #Queen!!!, Have you ever thought just maybe , you belong with me <3, ...long night, longer morning after interesting call from SKG. "When the mother becomes the child..."isn't working anymore!, Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!, We are perfect together and we both see that and agree after talkin about it. So why arent we together again? I haz confusion, Thanks! Congratulations, on the multiple LA Weekly Theater Awards nominations of 'The Romance of Magno Rubio'!, I placed 2nd and will continue on to the division s contest. Just found out 1st place winner actually had 30 yrs experience.lol, Several Born Against songs would fit the bill. RT : Does feminist hardcore/punk made by dudes exist? Please send examples., A Relationship is not based on the length of time you have been spent together, It's based on the Foundation you've built together., Liking to many guys<<, It is so cold in my room..., - Congrats....he is a beautiful baby! (and a beautiful family) Merry Christmas - enjoy with your family., Is anyone else getting DMs like this: haha i cant stop laughing, your facial expression here is priceless!, But there's is nobody in this world like me, Over two hours waiting in the hallway later, STILL no sign of FedEx. I hate not having a door buzzer >:/, Cool! I will have a PDF form but I want my main oeuvre to be a website– recreating an experience., Monday it's time once again to kick the tires and light the fires! 3rd time in a row on LA!, oh hold your horses. children are one of my top 5 fears…right after snakes and mold., Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble., At Social Media for Nonprofits #sm4np this morning, Is the #gottergauge a scoring mechanism that can be used outside of weather?, For anyone who hates on players after a bad move, think about how they feel. Crawford was still sitting at his stall after everyone left., That's awesome! Keep the jobs coming! Happy Thanksgiving!, The SJS Project salutes #JamesBaldwin on his birthday!, ": #PositiveThoughts" thanks thurman..saw that 1st thing this AM, TDK Corporation Announces Multilayer Ceramic Capacitor Sample Kits, can't wait to get the ipad 3 next month <3, what shiz needs a day to rest before #beerolympics..DISQUAlIFIED! Failing to prepare is like preparing to fail. On the GC drinkin, Wore the white uniform today, so proud that I didn't get it super dirty. #success. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>, frappe and homework, you piss me off, You can see the game at Johnny's, Member's Club, Quick's BBQ, BoJo's..., just so we can make sweet love., Dear guy snoring in the hostel bed above me, listening to Blood on the Tracks. Album is too good to be interrupted by your uneven breathing, Really need to sell my car. What is the best way to sell a car these days?, How are you surviving with all the accounts being frozen? Full Tilt still won't let me have any of my money., Hurry up, time to sign up your adult team for the fall adult season is running out. Deadline to reserve your spot is Thursday!!, but i am so stuck and I'm already sleepy and i have only info in my head for like one more page not 5 Dx, I hear yu, Just slept for 13 hours. I feel great now, I just heard a siren in the coffee place I'm working at. It wasn't a siren, though. It was a little boy warning me what's comin 4 me, was that your first tweet?, Passion 2012 in one week!, thanks for all the support and personal championship of #LULAC and LNESC!, This is crazy talk., None of us were on that floor tonite!!, Raeburn - information advantage is gained through identification of patterns that are relevant to your business, to buy Pinnacle vodka and another brand from White Rock Distilleries Inc. for around $600 million according to sources., hoping to get over to the newark conservancy tomorrow!! *fingers crossed*, Sacred Spaces a journey of Sufis exploring S Asian pilgrimage routes of Sufi Islam.by Samina Quraeshi program Asia Society N.Y. LACMA, Support independent artists! You will like what you see!, The fact that my twitter is unfollowing people.<<< -_-, Very happy Friday has finally rolled around. Hope you're ok too., #ransom #SoCal So nice to finally meet you! I've been hearing stories about the great Iwanaga since 2005!, Thanks for following and adding us to the list! Stop by the school if you're ever in the area! We do some fun tours., All conditioned things are impermanent. Work out your own salvation with diligence....The Buddha's last words., “ people who I can occasionally have really deep conversations with, and at the same time joke around with them.”, I was gonna suggest its time to move out west!, awesome wait what was it called again ? haha, just shows that they really,really want to win the computer :-), U welcome, RIP Christopher Hitchens., If you know your mediocre, don't try to look above average if it hasn't worked by now!, Everyone in my house is sick , hope I'm not next . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>, #compcafe - : a #compensation philosophy is not just an #HR exercise, There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it. Seneca, Dental researchers bite into spinal cord injury rehab, take this thing from ground up, word. I like the beginning, but it takes a long walk down the essentialist crazy road at the jump., : Ghetto Word Of The Day: Window: "Imma pay my baby mamma her child support. I just don’t know window!", Sweep! RT Go Kings!, Have you purchased any of the weapons featured on our show? Which one(s)?, RT : A2: For SEO, participation in social networks can be a big boon. Blogging/creating fresh content also helps., Head. exploding. from so much. queer and trans. hotness., I would name my show "The Averagette" and the screening process would be "does not wear a baseball hat", YP, I planning on doing some speaking this Summer. Would love to book a night w/ you & minister w your students. DM me!, I hate running poles, Heat Fans if yall lose Sunday ...it's a wrap!, The way you cut your meat reflects the way you live. ~Confucius, yup. At least if your gonna call one sided do it for the home team wtf, RT Had some great vegan soul food tonight #oakland [Where!?], I wanted everything to stay the same, but feelings fade & people change., Well there's people and more people/What do they know know know/ Go to work in some high rise/And vacation down at the gulf of mexico--JM, yeah he's going to wake forest., Basement flooded. All my stuff there is ruined. Hundreds of dollars in damage. Xbox ruined., Great new show at the American Art Museum-"Multiplicity" with stuff from Chuck Close, John Cage, Kiki Smith, Sol LeWitt, and more. ChkItOut!, Confucious Pick-Up Line: Life is like a dick. When it gets hard, "Fuck it", I can't wait for Sunday. I hope we don't get screwed like those that went on thursday., Praying for 5s!!, ok. See you inside! Haha, Slice of the week North Ave: BOLOGNESE!!!, just got back on the grid. Sorry for ur loss friend. Be well., When you talk, you repeat what you already know; when you listen, you often learn something., Out-memed by the tumblr staff at #mw2012. It's on., I just signed up for as well, thanks for spreading the word on that. excited., i hadn't; thanks! hopefully it inspires more positions elsewhere!, the curse of Brandon Snyder!, Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. -Laertius Diogenes, so they're not gonna sign or trade for anybody? That is just ignorant! Depth at RB is important., God can give you whatever you need to make a difference for your new year., o for how long, still hasn't noticed me!:'( -le cries-, #Mayweather did his ass! but tht fight was too short!, I think Kelli is there too, who doesn't want to get to the juicy bits and all that bondage and sex! Don't we all wish we were Anastasia!, Thanks for the awesome tweet. Happy Holidays to you too! :), #FF nails it every time!, 11:13 PM: Spinning Charles Mingus..."M D M" (Monk, Duke & Me) on #jazz #NYC metro area, All laughs now, but cut throat very soon., Good morning cody:)have an amazing day,I love you<3, nahh a thugg take a break at 1 point ., A3: i only take a twitter hiatus if i'm super super busy at work or on vacation. it usually lasts a day tops., Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal, My throat would get worse on the wedding day. Sound awful., I would argue that Kreayshawn and the rest of "the new underground" of rappers represent the new face of hipsterism, I'm too tired!!!, You have to work hard for what you want....nothing is given to you., Got stuck behind a school bus and now a train, do you know what time the undercard starts on facebook, Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak., If you want power so much that you are willing to kill to keep it, then you are unfit to govern human beings, let alone animals!, “: “: feelings don't just go away” unless your ” you're* but yeah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, I'll be in and out of #flipclass chat tonight., sometimes a girl just needs some instant potatoes and chocolate milk in a wine glass, At #subway with the #sister #5$footlong, It's a rather rude gesture, but at least it's clear what you mean. ~ Katharine Hepburn, We're to hear abt steps to tackle homelessness in Silver Lake with, It's nice that the #Redsox are 0-3, they had a couple of blown saves over the weekend., lmfao im exaggerating about the single for life part but yeah i was since ever since i was born lolol, Ppl who show out <<<<, A river never rises above its source so if you have a praying man you'll have a praying church - Ravenhill on an interview with David Mains, Anyone still think Jason Garrett should be the head coach of this team? # fire sale, Not an Urban Oufitters shopper because of their prices. But their photography in their ads are top notch!, I'm so blessed :), King size? I use those, $10 Off Irish Flowers - Celebrate St. Patrick's Day: March 17th, Sign up for gardening class on August 27th at pleasantfarmschicago.com! We will have drinks and snacks during our 2hr workshop at, Really? Damn. Thought it was tonight., thanks, Joel! It was perfect., Every Spurs player in uniform except Derrick Byers has played already tonight. The Spurs lead the Suns 39-37 with 7:25 left in the half., Are you actually listening or just waiting for ur turn to talk?!, Got done at the gym time for some writing.be sure to get a shirt b4 theyre gone!, Chiropractor,dog fasion disco, being sick and in a massively horrid mood someone please make me smile today since I feel like crying :(, Very nice !, #do you #titter on the, RT : Sunday and SET. Like meat and potatoes., Ever-impressed by the quiet devotion, smarts, & goodwill of the Emory Library staff who are building & supporting, The sky looks so beautiful right now :), the purple one!, I wish was my best friend..., bite your tongue! He wouldn't listen to the whack shit!, Yes! RT Episode 4 of #Grimm - we'll be watching - will you?, A shooting scare.... Why would someone do that and why wouldn't they tell us what was going on inside?, its gen. admission so it doesnt matter but you should probably get on that, the only way I'd support that would be if it meant cheaper :), I expect a full report in the morning. This sounds like a story and I am feeling meddlesome!, Trust in the LORD with all your heart and LEAN not on your own understanding -Proverbs 3:5, i resemble this remark! ;) and true you are, I will unite with you this summer once more., hahahaha I hope it eats you., Hunted house today!, Can't wait to get this mohawk, like forreal yo., Retweet if your bored!!!!, wanna go tomorrow?, RT : Top 10 stupid Twitter tricks. Follow no one, accept no follows, and tweet to yourself, You should start tweeting :) Love you!, WI State Fair today with - what deep fried treat should we try?, Todays my Friday! :), Bourbon street, Which tent will you live in, discon-tent or con-tent-ment?, Thanks for the R/T, UNLV may have lost, but we're going to come back strong next year!!!, omg I'm inlove with you <3333, Okay, Tigers! Here We Come!, If i looked like a tumblr girl i would never complain about life., One thing that got lost in last nights game was JaVale's HUGE block on Gasol at the end. Gasol had a dunk but McGee denied it, do they market to teachers? Seems like a big group that would have time to check email around that time., What's this? The darkest color I got? Yeah, get it on there., - you had just been bat mitzvahed #lasttimeknickswonaplayoffgame #sigh ...., I'm probably starting Tebow over him for now on, Hi David, we just checked your order and it has been applied. Give us a call if you have questions 888-937-6677, Hearing from who is 6th most influential person on social media in world...behind his bro joe at no.3, Player scores for #Eng in their 3-0 Victory over Poland at Gresty Road., Best thing about being Cubs fan is there is always HOPE!, "Outline your life in pencil not pen.", and i wish i knew you better so i could give you more useful words, thank you, skylar should still Be in it, king missile then oasis. Thank you for rocking my trip from merriam to downtown., Toshiba Debuts Monstrous 13-Inch Tablet [PICS], Yasss!RT : I don't miss you, I miss the person I thought you were., I LOVE THOSE!!!!, fo real doe! next time paul or chris act up, im gonna be that guy. "WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE FOO", I am natural!!! RT ": just go natural. Nappy and all", Warroad and Breck both earned their fifth berths. The Warriors are two-time defending champs, beating the Mustangs in 2010 for the title., everything happens for a reason..., sorry ill say that on the next call, Chasing The Sun is honestly a very very amazing song. IT'S SO ADDICTING, lol., ": If you focus too much on your problems, you won't get to enjoy the good things in life.", awkward is the new awesome., who's are they?, Ready to get my #MichaelScott on, Im here workin keepin busy word above water performing its gonna be wild, . TY for follow. How far are you from Cincy?, Talkin on the phone as always with my husband :), Just made a delicious green smoothie: green apple, celery, kale and parsley, a handful of soaked almonds and some almond milk., a bowl of Lucky charms & a banana for breakfast...Goodmorning tweeps!!, WFUV loves Levon Helm. You and your family are in our thoughts and prayers., Don't know if they're moms, but these are worth follows :), Well I'll show some initiative., rain is your friend. Haha. Moving was sad :( I miss you! Going to Europe in a month. Can't believe it's summer., indiana election commission hearing now underway, such a relief. all the things they sucked at they did well in that game. good bullpen, good timely hitting, just a good win, “: Bubble gum pink nails... yummy” -- why nail polish isn't scratch-n-sniff I have no idea, Today is Nollaig na mBan ( Women’s Christmas) in Ireland traditionally gave women a day to put their feet up and let the men do all the work, I love, “Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong”, Now I'm headed to #EmoryUniversity to talk in Hank Klibanoff and Brett Gadsen's class on cold civil rights cases., I told my mom that we should have bet $100 on I'll Have Another in the #KentuckyDerby... The horse just won., hey , why would you black me out of a game playing on ESPN when the whole reason I have mlb TV is THAT I DONT HAVE CABLE TO BEGIN WITH?!, Man plans and God laughs, He got paid from Verizon too, i tried reading into it but 2p2 is busto! :(, I'm just really excited cuz there's not a lot of boy Simpsonizers oh and your bio made me laugh so hard I cried, I seem to curse way more during school than during summer. It's a problem lol, will do wish you were here! RT“: eat some yummy food for me!”, Just took my Pre-workout #Neurocore from looking forward to a Kick Butt workout!, Lie to Me?, Jen I think its time for papa to retire and buy Crue a PW50. Full time Mechanic in the future I think is his best bet., me and my sister are going to London and Manchester. What shows are you goin to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, Kinda rainy here must be from the hurricane 2800 miles away ....LOL, Paul Pierce tebowed after his huge game. Get off., Story meeting today at 3:30 at Truax campus in room 130. Stop by if you can!, Worked on an interview with Seau and at a charity event last season. Junior was so humble and concerned with giving back to SD, go to thetalentfarm.com to catch a live performance of us in about 20 minutes!, man twitter deleted us as friends cuhz where dw do that at????, ADMIT ONE Film Series - Free screenings at the Jazz Gallery, 926 E. Center St in the Riverwest -1st one is this Saturday, January 15th, 3pm, I love my bitches (: haha . She buyin me a black, what I do?, My 4-yr-old: "Mom! Guess how many days I've been wearing these underpants? Ten!" (Thankfully I know this is not true.), okay, follow me so i can DM you?, i feel brand new idk y, Tony Gwynn averaged 21.7 strike outs and a mere 39.4 walks per year in 20 seasons., I don't know who embarrasses themselves more, the stupid client or the sycophantic agency. #ThePitch is grim viewing for an ad man., VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE., Baylor "Highlighters" are long and athletic., I have Google+ invites if you're into that sorta thing. Follow me on Twitter and then send PM with your email for an invite., Welcome to the #Rockies family ! Excited to see you pitch in Denver., Really lucked out in Jersey where I live! No damage & no loss of power!, she was awesome! And Us Orioles fans heard the famous "O" as well., hey Dave! It's Dylan! It's been a VERY long time haha dunno if u remember me, DJ Hero Is pretty dope!, Trying to sleep. But keep waking up and the dogs snoring. Fml, Wow lol. Hey hey!!! how's it going?, Thanks for the shout out and inspiration today. Hope the tacos did your tummy well., Just wanted you to know that I'm waiting on what will be my third Xbox 360 console to come back from repair. :(, No catch. No fine print :) All the books in our online library are free to read., I saw more gifs online then there should have been possible, so that makes sense., It's so much easier to be sick when you're a grad student: I have nothing to cancel tomorrow., After 10 days in NYC I am ready to head back to PDX with a head full of ideas hope PDX is ready for a great summer of food., yeah that's what annoys me about a lot of video games. Wld really like to see a post abt the medieval & vid games though, You pretty much said that I don't matter... I'm sorry...., also I'm liking Angels under 8 today, God Morning!!! WHAT DID ONE ZOMBIE SAY TO THE OTHER?......GET A LIFE!, Symbaloo is based in costa mesa CA would love to see how we can work together with the teachers association!, I. Should. Be. Study. Ing. Raw. Neeeow. But. I'd. Rather. Sleep. Gnite whirl., YOU really do inspire ME. Lots of love x, Let's Go Racing Boys., You gonna be at Martin City?, F*** I never thought I'd say this but I'm jot ready to go to Hollywood lol especially not this Wednesday morning well here we go, Holidays have officially arrived, family, awesome food, tennis, and just 3 days till San Diego., or they just bit Rdio. puff piece., Dont think my tweet went thru.. but yea been here 3 weeks def thrivin out here in pitt bro, i said porn! not movies lol, thank you for the tweet! It was a great lecture!, I have a tumblr but I'm never on it because it is so confusing., you sound just like him!, Twitter should not be available to high schoolers. Some of these short, ignorant, misspelled sentences I come across... Goodness gracious., but make sure you come out and support my sister she is also very talented she will be hosting dec 6 at webber's thanks:), My #Brewers fever is running so hot that I'm watching Sunday Night Baseball and vociferously rooting for the #Cubs to beat the, follow me please !!, Who has something cheerful to say? Filing and faxing have made me captain of the Grumpleading team., omg where are you finding these topics?!?! They are making me laugh too hard!!! :D, i moved away !! but r u trying out this weekend?, "Windex the paw prints off the window"? Say what?, Just wishing you a most wonderful Monday!! :), in #sales, you can't build the roof first (like the books tell you...). you must build from the ground up. Roof is last., eat chocolate bunnies and say fuck it like the rest of us bro, I need something that will motivate me to actually go to school these last 3 weeks, Jumped in the car to go to lunch and caught on the radio! Love that girl!, thanks, mijita. c:, My mom says I'm bipolar..lol. I wonder who I get it from..:B lol, HAHA!! I have bad luck with that car period leonardo was not nice to me lol. I have to find a new name for my next car., "All is very good in love, but with people it becomes soup" What a beautiful show, but bring your prozak, Sometimes, it takes a good fall to really know where we stand., Honeymoon Hike on Kauai, Hawaii: Ke&#39;e Beach, can't wait for the ustream! remember,, How many ants are needed to fill an apartment ?Ten ants !, How many tutorials are there on Craigslist? They're getting something right., saw ur dad today!! And took a pic haha :), Watching the newest episode of Punk'd. is flawless., Just spent my evening preparing salmon and lentils for my lunch tomorrow at work. It better not taste like crap., LMAO Omg!!! best tweet, How courageous!, im smiling lol must be nice to smile.... :-), Thanks we will check out your site!, I'm doing a CNN interview today at 2:30. Not sure if, where or when it'll air., Official hashtag: #thatcampphilly - please start using it! :D, I feel like some drop the sidewalk on my shoulders, “: #tragicmoviedeathsJames Caan as Bryan in Bryan's Song”woops! Brian. What was I thinking !, Good thing my bday is After Lent.. this no chocolate choice would b rough., Hey Show, you're already crying, just get on your knees and beg., "Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. Safety and security is the illusion.", Seems like a lot I'm going to have a lot of photo shootsis happening in April. I'm just going to keep moving forward!, whatever every time we pass McDonald's you say something about them, Follow my boss up & coming actor/singer Watch his new TV show airing next month!! Keep in touch xx, Join us for our next Free Legal Seminar on Estate Planning! June 24 at 7:00 pm 8333 S. River Parkway in Tempe 480-649-2905., “ S/O to all my new follower #especially ” = ], what other turd? I have 3 twitter accounts. Watch yer self., Second USF Bulls Goal disallowed by the NCAA Refs, both were "offsides"., It isn't what might happen that gets me, its the waiting for the decision to actually be made that drives me nuts., I feel so close to you right now, Little Red Riding Bitch! lol, do it to me by Me and 's new fav song :), It's weird because I like, never black out., One reason I'm more intrigued by Gillberry's position. Someone will need to be well rounded on the Dline. (run/pass), #nowplaying "More Than This" One Direction.... on repeat all day!, Hi, I'm super depressed. Thanks for adding to my self hatred., PC, there is no such thing as a Pharmaceuticologist, *blushes* Thanks :), Thx 4 the love! RT Thanks 2 Jessica bar 4a great time. loved BBQ shrimp&chicken thighs. Savory cheesecake a must!, RT : There is only one & now you can follow him on twitter., Dark Shadows was slow but Helen Bonham Carter got drunk a lot, so that's fun., its okay :p but ill miss tacobell tho :'/, We're having crazy thunder and lightning around my house in San Diego. Weird! What happened to all the hot weather all week....?, I wish I was roller skating right now. Or driving one high and straight down the fairway., You can find Play It Through giggin with Dj Bert tonight Drink Downtown where he'll be spinning the new single from P.I.T come through!, thank you and good night!, J LO'S SOO CUTE !, Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<310, We're very happy to announce that the Grumpy Troll Brewery will be returning to the fest in 2012. Got your tickets yet?, Not looking forward to today, tired and not feelin well shit it'll b a long day, Damn dude i love your tweets, they're so fucking amazing and true!, You would love the #gradnation summit. Parts are being livestreamed if you can check it out., The #weekend is almost here! What's your plan?, Big thanks to Logic & Raze, The Hollowz, Dj Optimist, and all the staff of the Cactus Club for an amazing show!!!!!!, oh yeah I zonked on the bus almost instantly. Thanks again for the invite!, why don't you shut up about it!!!, LOL! Just heard someone complaining...Sometimes it seems like God has returned and taken all of the NICE people...WAIT! I am still here!, Woot! Donald Driver is on #DancingWithTheStars this season -- I know who I'm cheering for!, Orange and Blue. The Garden. #nyk. Think about it., For real RT : This rain was out of nowhere, Dumb baserunning mistake by Avila should have stopped at third, When are #herecomethemummies coming back?, Hope you get to feeling better quick! Being sick with an upcoming trip is no fun!, I know how you feel Bill. It's a whole new bag., We gift each other when we listen to each other without speaking what we think until we are asked., Hmm, I got hacked--do not open that link in the DM that was sent from my account. Sorry!! Yikes., Our big spring social will be in April 14. Email Stacy Chen with suggestions or to volunteer., sushi date my my favorite girrl¢, What the heck is crossfit and can I do it myself at the gym or it some type of class needing an instructor?, RT : That was pretty scary. But good, as long as Samardzija's ok., I say its time for episode 5 of Hard Drive 13!, i,m deff a music head yup yup retweet if u love music, SOMEONE ATE THE SCONE THAT'S BEEN IN MY DRAWER FOR OVER THREE MONTHS!!!!!!, I'm just so disrespectful. #OhWell who really cares though?, im fine, you?, Damn Angelina...way to look AMAZING!!! Absolute goddess., my life!! When one is 2.5 and the other is 16 months they're both "two." Double the fun for me! :), Normal Person Flirting: "Hey, babe, what's going on?" Me Flirting: "Your face. I like that shit.", <333 i love you!, We have something in common - mother of two young men...thanks for following., Also: Tony and Steve as Gilgamesh and Enkidu, FTW., Team Oldspice Guy all the way.. this duel of epic proportions started today at noon apparently!, the adventure movie is finally online check it out, Trivia set for everyday of the week, This knee problem needs to stop! I want to sleep already!!!, top 10 characteristics of a creative person, You can also find me in Foreword Magazine and in the New York Times book of reviews!!, RT : "Social Media is about sociology & psychology more than technology" ~ < I like that analogy., rape kit, Defense: Love told friend, relationship w/#Huguely was fine days before her death, "George was just acting crazy"., Verizon sucks. Wouldn't turn on old droid sans dataplan. Bye bye renewal., Happy 11.11.11 make a wish. Veteran's day #thankyou! "TAKE THE STAIRS!!!" eventful day :), Tested out iPlotz today for rapid prototyping & wire framing, really liking it., OMG Thank you so much! Well.. I wish the pic was for real., We don't make the rules. : i thought confession was supposed to keep you OUT of hell., and all that counts is here and now., What's the point of using the phrase "I was gonna say" followed by what you wanted to say anyway?, Just sent the info about #LoCoteStreet...hopefully the #SWwire is in our near future, The dirty looks, the jealous stares. The best part is, you think I care. Roll your eyes and talk your shit. Jealous bitches make me sick., I don't know. Its been quite a while since I've stepped. :) though if it's in my neck of the woods... Who knows - maybe! :), Osmond Fisher of Young Jazz Masters is visiting Sunday's rehearsal., Happy Wednesday :), Has anyone else #read "Curse of the Blue Tattoo" and thought "A Little Princess" + (great) changes?, TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!, Have the Steelers ruled out putting Fergie on the field? She looked pretty terrifying in her robo-gladiator-football getup, ^.^ I like that one, but I totally disagree about bein a hoe !, good night my luvs...saying a prayer for all of my followers <3, going shooping lets see what crazzy things ill buy!!!!!!, I just think its bs that we have to write a paper and then another one for our final.. I'm gunna annoy her so bad Or be a bitch lol, Picking up da pup <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>, yeah ave, i care!, The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you, I love it when you call me big papa, As a Wisconsin Badger fan, it pains me to say this, but go Spartans!, Life without the is already getting me down, Jesus, Joe! How can you fucking breathe, dude?!?! LOL, was pissed. cook and cleaned now po up, Zimmer reading amendments to item 9, to be followed by amendments to item 18 (budget). Holding our breath., RT : Amazeballs, new Giuliana & Bill 2night! Style Network at 8/7c! Retweet to win signed copy of our book & gift from my ..., #quote All your choices open doors to new beginnings. Which choice feels best? That's the right one!-Cheryl Janecky, I am never, ever, going to the beach without wearing sunscreen again!, Yes, and I knew that! Showcase was really great! Thanks, Eleanor, #Caps down 1-0 after 1, all even at 8 on shots, Heyy! How was the pool? I ended up catching up with an old friend today., RT if you love, aww that's cute. I wish someone would make me something for graduation! :P I guess my gift is my Europe trip xD, When she graduate , im leaving !, the shit u hear bout me might be tru but thn it cud be as fake as the bitch hu told ya!!!, Thank you very much :), I am sick of stalkerware, Congratulations to Brittni. She made a great choice and we're excited to have her join the Tech family., Complimentary Champagne at the Booth #436 #APA2012...Starts at 5 - see you there!, So excited for TITANTIC in 3D!! Every time I see the trailer I tear up a bit. :P, Wearing my suit jacket wade Barrett style., love my Panerai! Sporty and dressy! Thanks!, I am dead like Mark Priors arm chicagosportsanalogy#, come to the #TacoBell location I tweeted. But I already ran out :(, and aren't they creative, tech smart, entrepreneurs also ?, When is the best time to tell someone you love them? Answer: Before someone else does., And with this new tweet deck, if someone sends you spam, after you block them the spam stays in your TL. It used to delete it for you.., Need a break from Black Friday shopping? Stop in to for some wine flights and a bite to eat!, I know I'm a little late on this, but I LOVE #hungergames. I can see this turning into a similar Twilight obsession I had/have., Thanks for following us...please tell others about the APEX Museum experience., It's the weekend and you're too busy or too tired to cook - so pick up the phone or head on into The Original Big Tomato! We've got what you, lucky u I lost everything and starting over. Damn iPhone being stuck in reboot., sucks to you right now lol, Don't call it the "post-Lin" era yet. His greatness might still rise again, like Jesus :p, Awesome! It was the 545am flight from DFW to Ohare :), Using rails engines to segregate long running feature tests... Very interesting., We were so happy to have you as part of the event! I enjoyed Amy Lou's witty and insightful comments., what do you mean? I'm in nyc right now, but need to get to the airport soon to come see YOU!, Smatterin if boos for Braun for not running out DP ball. Looked like he tweaked something..., Happy Mother's Day!!, that is P.W. Herman, and keep your hands off his bike! :), that's the way to do it, little bro!, Were I there, I'd raise a hand to question the phrase "we're a free society." Who are "we" and what is "free"?, Great! I think your perspective, as student, employee, and social media/net guru, would be great for the discussion. :), Starting now!! #sociologist 's talk "Social Communication in the Twitter Age" in Brown Lab, Brit, I don't get the reference., I think I would like to sit back and reread Rich Morris's The Ten Doctors sometime this weekend. One of the great pieces of Who fiction., did you know Pullen Park won the Community Enhancement Award from TCREW? Woot!, true enough dear! miss you! see you soon! xo, The only thing getting me through this day is the fact that my new shoes are waiting for me at the apartment!, Your problem is you act like you don't have a problem., Today is my 14th Birthday!! Follow me?! <33, your mom goes to college, knock em dead, you said it! that show is a guilty pleasure; it's ridiculous!, The organizational strategy is not the same as consensus building - Janine la Sueur, you know they better have or we're coming after them lol!, the key is to do small things with great love., Im tryna be filthy rich before I hit 24, I think it's a pride issue. I've decided to get over my pride and look for the great ideas from others., 'habitat' image in by Stuart Allen for Texas, How fucked up I am right now >>, Bulls taking Game 1 ;D, I have emotions/smileys on my phone and it's got loads of smileys :) and symbols <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> hope that helps x, I cannot believe how some of the #bbn is treating It's very embarrassing for the program., Nascar in Vegas in a couple weeks, might be time to get my redneck on, I Wonder How Long Its Gne Take!, huh. Didnt know.. thanks for heads up, The Beach Boys continue to rock my world. Revisions nearly halfway done! Do I deserve sushi and candy canes? Oh yes. Oh yes., we must find them! We need to search like we did for the nail polish haha., I am #Forever Alone, and bridesmaid dress shopping of course.... *girlish shrieking*, Win tickets to show this Wednesday, November 30th at the Improv. Tune in to #prettyprogressive at 11AM for details., Hope you enjoyed the TD story! Cheers, Another awesome Friday thanks to Bossman! Get to leave at 1pm. Home in time for the game! :), you're welcome! It's well earned!, Agree! RT Thinks false lashes in a mascara commercial should be considered false advertising, My basil is shriveling!!! No. Do I have to trim the flowers that are sprouting?, Omg lol RT I legit just threw up on my floor when I saw Allison Wonderlandd's profile pic in recommended friends on Facebook., my girl does that shit all the time. Love it! <3, who else is wide awake ?, If you find out if this is possible, can you pleae let me know?! :), Need a Mother's Day gift idea? How about tickets to Live at the Hollywood on May 12th?, - such a great springtime song. :), follow back so I can send you a DM, Big day tomorrow!! ;], Laughter is the best medicine. Unless you are really sick. Then you should call 911., Indeed. We're always excited when our ideas catch on and more data and maps are opened up, they're called "feelings" -- don't catch em..., Great NY Times piece by on digital humanities -- looking at several NEH-funded spatial/GIS projects. nyti.ms/obQgaL, Thanks for following! I just checked out Jane TV, awesome website! Looking forward to connecting soon!, #HowAboutWe skip all the bs and be honest with each other., What if education is not really about preparing children for the future?, the jet was originally in Nashville before it picked up Manning, ha! know that's a good way to start the day, thank you!, Career 101: give your current resume to 10 people you trust. Ask them if they would hire you for you boss's job (NB don't ask your mother)., Pretty sure I have more assignments due than days left in school..., ok since you chicas are on it, I will too, “: That awkward moment you're trying to get over someone you were never dating.” LOL! And u ask urself how did it become possible?, Dear person hacking , stop. You're rude and obviously have nothing better to do. Wow, you're so immature., about to get off work, H, Furniture just got here. Come on cable guy... Let's get this done., Good Morning!!!, learning how to build an organization page in Facebook. Hoping this comes in handy at work., Little bummed to miss meetup on April 26th featuring But super stoked I'll be in NYC for 's wedding!, it's awesome., thanks! And thanks for saying hello!, RT My dude jus jumped on the tables., That is fantastic -- congratulations!, Royalty Im ready fro your interview on my show CHOP SHOP RADIO...WWW.CHOPSHOPSA.COM, ditto...should be a good week!, love these people on who are moving to Europe but want a place to live like America. Stay in America then!, After reading "preface to a twenty volume suicide note" I whispered, "That was just amazing.", 110 on 3rd and final physics test. C'mon finals., We are too!, how would you feel about donating one of those books to a fundraiser in July? for Sugar Cereal Productions!, I'm hungry. I could go for red lobster right now. or outback. maybe olive garden. or a combination of the three :), Morning Beaker - 15 y/o w autism listening to you sing Ode To Joy - over and over over - MEEP!, hahaha. This time, it sounded more like Adam but it probably was Denny. Great meeting you too! Hope to see you again soon!, You ladies are awesome! Keep on tweetin!, Happiness to you both and great and prosperous New Year!, you know I don't do positivity. :). Ah, it only took an hour and a half or just over to get here. Could've been worse., The way I been feelin gets me to start questionin!, Footloose is the best movie ever!!, Dear Your shouty PAPER TOWELS tweets make me more happy than they should. I hope they realize what a gem you are., I will be at the Funnybone in Hartford CT in August does that count?!, That is the most bad ass Aries Ram ive ever seen, The worst days of those who Enjoy what they do are better than the Best days of those who don't" --Jim Rohn, Enjoyable Adcraft Club radio day lunch. Clear Channel's Bob Pittman highly engaging presentation on radio as "companion.", What have I become?, So excited for tonight's event! RT : Good luck finalists, Its 3am & I'm fucking hungry, Good times :) RT : thanks for "holding court" last night, i love those little things that make me really love #uchicago. those are the best moments., morning run <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>, love when my sound system sets off car alarms in parking lots like a real asshole, Why...why do I watch the commercials on DVR shows?! There's a button for that, obviously., i guess im gonna kall nit a nite..... i feel the glad bags under mi eyes, let's go, If you're tweeting about tonight's Candidates Arts Forum, the hashtag is #pdxartsForum - see you there!, can i get a follow please? I love ur show John, its cold as fuck, Will I see you at Jobtini event today? I just called Citrus Restaurant. A lady told me this event is cancelled. ;(, RT : Maddox grounds out, runners advance. Second and third, two down for Tobias, During today's fire drill at work, I'll be demonstrating several looting techniques., you and Taybray would get along great...oh wait, Being back at ball state really makes me miss college!, no doubt! Keep up the good work... & send us some pics of that Arizona Sunset, The reverse side also has a reverse side. ~ Japanese Proverb, Shout out to , we in the building with, Raise your hand if you prefix things with "!" to move them to the top of the list (email folders, gmail tags, ...)., High fives following pals!, #Austin good tip for kids photo sessions. Make sure they are in a good mood. Don't worry about behavior at the session. We will chase them., congrats on the owning of a home!, - "self-help" books < SELF-HELP by Lorrie Moore., glad I saw ur stupid move now I was going 2b looking for a mortgage soon #Rush has FREEDOM OF SPEECH! This is AMERICA! #tcot”, Take one minute out of your day today to remember sexual abuse victims and those who are trying to heal from the trauma., I love you too!, same so you txt me 9526083, Jaguar Land Rover continues to expand - Ninemsn, Finding it added about 5 years to my life, mental health-wise, las vegas, Getting ready to head south to Conference in Orlando - come visit us at Booth 1412!, well ya kno somethin i FREAKING LOVE UR LAUGH BOO(:, message me, Almost!? Why do you hate freedom?, Black Coffee's "Superman" is the workout song that gets it DONE. A lil' piano for smooove muscles.... I am feeling the burning. :-), This week needs to be over, There is no point of teasing myself with this warm weather and I gotta go work at 5, I'm not your brother! I'm yours! I can't leave you alone! I can't forget you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Just when I thought we had CS4/5 issues resolved, along comes 5.5--not backwards-compatible (am I wrong?). Do I really have 2 get Soxy?, Drinking coffee in Koreatown listening to French Cafe music in the sunshine., I have a friend that goes their every Sunday, she loves it:), Why is it I find out I like creepy music, Someone out there is waiting for my help and I am the perfect fit for it. Do you believe me?, Please spresad the word - thanks !, God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy., Ppl get nervous on our runs and ask if Til is a pit. I say he is a lab. I guess I'm not helping the pit movement, but I hate ppl so eh., There's a full Moon tonight. According to native American folklore it is the "Snow Moon", indeed prescient..., chap 7 going to 8, u?, I hate Steven Tyler so much. He dresses so womanly. Ew., At least I gt backup plans....but it kinda hurts too lose ya main option, We will try to do a hunt every 3 days., People yearn to breathe free in Tunis. FTW Carthage 2011, #Gym flow, Prayer tonight! Come on out ! 1930 S Wilmot 7pm.., I know how to live lol, "What The Teacher Is, Is More Important Than What He Teaches.", Yup, pond study for the next two weeks. Lots of shrieks and amazement over microorganisms, Going to work on a video today that shows how Cascading Style Sheets work - something that a lot of web designers do not understand., Was attempting to think of something clever, but i've had some holiday wine, and not feeling creative, so: Merry christmas, everyone. :), RT : Omgeeeee it smells great in the boutique thanks to candles! If you like candles, stop by BK Stone boutique!, ": Man, I've been eating nothing but fucking junk food these past few days! -______-" ...... slow down hun ...:-), Geesh! That's expensive! I remember seeing them in Grand Rapids for about $10. I'm old & Miami isn't cheap., Coming soon: Tournament style Rock-Paper-Scissors coming soon. $50 winnings! You in?, Graham off to big start | Three catches, sixty-five yards | And that last touchdown |, O ok anyways .., thanks a lot! If you have a chance show us off to your friends:), Final #donut tally for the day... Shadel 2 - Coworkers 3.5. Yes that's right, someone actually ate half a Donut and left the rest., Merry Christmas! That KC game is a mere blip on our path to greatness., omg so like im addicted to Tumblr now ¦, Well Muma Hawk brought dinner back. For your sake we have chosen not to disclose the cute baby animal that bird has just slaughtered, If your a Tiger Woods 13 Guy, Must Follow - Greatest player of all time, now a developer. 16% more swag than, My chronicles on the, I don't know the specs on Hirshhorn's Bloomberg Bubble, but I'm really hoping it can be popped by field trip kids shooting spitballs at it, he taught me how to spin so I haven't been playing long but seeing other talented female DJs is inspiring :), Jeremy Spencer: Proof every rock star wishes they were a comedian and every comedian wishes they were a rock star, nope. Not at all!!!!, Get BLACK before Black Friday...Get a Supersac in Black Velvish for on $499. But this offer is only good till Turkey day., Four action-packed days at work, followed by a train ride to CT for wedding-venue hunting! EEk!, Rules of killing spiders: always wear your boots to do so. Even in pajamas. I DO NOT want that fool crawling up my leg., Love seeing Crosby fight there. Team is desperate to save the season. A bit worried that a guy with a conclusion problem had to go there., Follow the conversation from our panel today at, Courier-Journal Neighborhoods Editor is now on Twitter. Welcome Veda!, is learning all about Twitter for her History in the Digital Age class!, I am picking up the keys at woodley park apt on wed of next week!, Good Morning (:, Thanks for the follow Shelly b (twinpossible)! :), Who are the best liberal bloggers?, Stephen Baldwin: "I'm being persecuted for believing in traditional marriage." Boo freaking hoo., “: Thank you to the weird kids that texted me today saying "I see you."” <<<That's ironic, are you staying in nyc for the summer?? I heard that you and jude were getting internships or something like that, Thanks for the follow ! Here's hoping that we get you at the end of your library school sojourn. ;-), Maybe wrote "Office Cornerback." Classic mix-up., "My foul-weathered friend." --Winston Churchill, Is it just me but I hv never heard a bad Mary J Blige album cn u say music Icon!, I can tell you this. It starts on the 2nd., Anyone saw the stage show Wicked? It was Wicked!, Purchased HD video switcher. Now we can videotape events and seminars with multiple cameras to (1) tape in High Def (saves editing costs)., I admire your dedication., i hate having to ignore sum1 because theyre talikn bout sumn im NOT interrested in...but i will!!!, Snow? Really?, SO READY FOR MY SISTA BDAY WEEKEND!, RT : thanks for following.. will come check ya'll out when i'm in miami, my man is a beast! Guess who taught him everything he knows?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, I dont wanna wait til 6 to go to the high school ., ohh pues sí quieres. I don't want you to waste gas dude., Everyones going through something. I get it., #MSC2011 preparing for the trip to Nashville. Just left TIE conference in Colorado. Excited to learn from experience., Congratulations on your launch of BrdsNBz Text Line! via, LOL this cracked me up cause i have a ton of those fuckers somewhere an remember hearing the same thing., All I need is some Jordan shorts and sandals, I promise that I'll never let you go You're all I need, 'cause baby without you I'm just not me (`<U+25BD>´)-<U+03C3>, Only a few hours left! E-mail us to win a copy of The Freshman Survival Guide!, No person will make a great business who wants to do it all herself or get all the credit. -Andrew Carnegie via, My Mommy is bacc!!!!!, getting sleepy.. gotta finish this paper though.. then tomorrow another 6 hours at school =/ and its barely the 1st week!, Thankful I live in the United States because I am, What a boring game.. think i'll go poke dead things with a stick., ME TO!, love you darling <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>, great question! sends #real-time data on #income & #expenses #cashflow reports to #endusers who use, we should do lunch ;) I know a few great cincinnati places if you like crepes I know a great place, be back in 5, Hi Dariel, how you been? How are you're daughters doing?, If everyone walked around with their orgasm face, no one would ever get laid, #imsofuckedup I assumed I'd be cool without my friends while going somewhere else. But obviously I was. I gave them the wow factor. Serious., That was agonizing to watch but, Listening to wop reminds me of SB with, I miss him even tho he was just here yesterday.., I think you will have to. You think of the NBA like it's 1 on 1 or at the playground, team ball matters. That's why Dallas won, I will be collaborating with many new twitter connections after the conference, so I say yes., One away from a thousand.. =), The attempts to blur the lines and show that things don't exist in absolutes seem to reinforce "gaslighting" of women w/out critique., keep following me and my friend please..luv all bbl, I hear you its so easy to lose track of time ur either up and you want to keep going or, ikr its ok ughh we needa hang asap catch up on old times:), Happy Birthday to -- who, though once convincing me falsely that he was Superman, is a pretty great brother. Happy Birthday!, #nevershouldyouever walk under a ladder unless a hot girl is on the other side, LeBron James is one gigantic loser. He didn't shoot once in the fourth till they were down 16. Avoids pressure., lol thnx buddy! Me and luis are gonna be jabbawockeez for halloween :) hahaha, The Awkward Moment When Your Ex Texts Yuh A Month After Yuh Guys Broke Up., I made it out. Thx for all the calls and text. My Hawaiian outfit will now be rockin., Most hated; can't be faded. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, files for tax extension. Still waiting for W-2 from planet Kolob., kids these days, Damn dude!, GUD MORNING #Everyone.!, Well imagine that! They are yours if you want em!, Thank you, and : Yes! A pretty great day!, Can you direct me to any instructions on updating my location for the LS weather? Amazing theme! Thanks!, Hoping the #SunStandStill msg speaks to u RT On pg 10 of 224 of Sun Stand Still, by Steven Furtick: "This book is not a Snuggie.", SO EXCITED FOR ALL THE EVENTS THAT ARE ABOUTTO OCCUR. GAGA&MANAJ. NYC, The only real elegance is in the mind; if you’ve got that, the rest really comes from it. ~Diana Vreeland, I love you., - off topic - The Astros beat Cardinals 2 out of 3 - could they be contenders? :-), doing well! starting up a new business which is going realyl well. exciting times!!!! how about you? nyxpo is growing!!, reading for pleasure is such a great way for a kid to dscover joy., Hmm lets think of a bout TT., Wishing we had Emancipation Day off like so many others in DC. I could really use another day at home., That was a compelling story., right!!!! I don't get it! If you are you are if you aren't you aren't. Random but we need to reunite :), “: OMG, Rihanna on SNL...sadness!” why sad? She sucked?, wow thanks! So humbled., Attachment parenting...sorry but I can't!! I refuse to have a 4 year old feeding off these ta-ta's!!! Say whatcha wanna!, #HipHopAwards Meek Mill, “And all at once it gets hard to take/It gets hard to fake what I won’t be", Bonamour CEO Nathan Halsey will be in Irvine, CA June 30th, don't miss opportunity to see him speak on Bonamour at Hyatt., Molly - thanks for favoriting Goddesses of NOW - Durga and Akhilandeshwari! They're really coming up into consciousness now., are u out of practice yet?, I can't wait to add (Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business) to my LinkedIn account :), yes !! > RT : can't wait to see you and at ! what a way to bring in the new year!, Professionally Unprofessional, Late night tweets. Uninformative ., Hey Matt, my dear friend sent me here. I voted for you. Hope you get it, kid!, Great stuff tonight. Two fantastic eps!, ONLY IF I COYLD FAST FOWARD THE TIME :(, what's up?, Well the SONGS protesters didn't show. But the Arts Alive banner vote made banner backers happy. Story to be posted soon!, not feeling it, #fallformal Friends are the glue that fix heartbreak. Friends and a bottle of whiskey., WOO HOOOOO! Go Cleveland!!!, Spurs gonna get ready to take down Lob... or SLOB City., I want to give a shout out to It is a pleasure being on your team, SEO Tip #32 Give each page a focus on a single keyword phrase. Don ’t try to optimize the page for several keywords at once. Filed unde, not bad., Larry Merchant v. Money Mayweather scheduled and cancelled because Mayweather did not accept Larry Merchants steroid test., room 317 usiakabsbkzoshshzjsiejbaban. best thing I've ever read., It would be awesome if you joined us , , ! We're also at each Tues & Wen, starting May 1 & 2., Kicking in a door and clearing a house man I love my job, if i was a lot gayer my cover photo on facebook would be a picture for the EW photo spread with Magic Mike cast, iknoe right. He's a freakin a**. But...Bahahha., This guy on #FB keeps bangin on me and my frens sayin outrageously disrespectful things......., hah,u to:), now I can text you, write on your wall AND tweet you!, Tony Parker...without him, Spurs aren't second best in the west, I am thrilled to be on the list!, do you ever tweet about things you like?, boys are like stars. There are a million out there but only 1 of them is going to make that wish come true, In a reminiscing mood today. Going through old pictures and letters. #imisstheolddays :'(, CAN WE PLEASE!!!! invite everyone who loves them bc i just need to obsess with others:p, Love this picture...great blog...keep all of this important info flowing. Namaste!, The mighty Z will be bringing sexy back starting at 9 tonight. Come hang w/ one of MKE's best bartenders and take him on in some bar dice, Whenever I see someone that resembles someone I don't like I glare at them...anger issues much?, Go play, Ok, sorry for my misguided semantics... The group Journey was founded by musicians that also founded what other band?, finally at the Sleep Inn in Travelers Rest. Why am I typing into this thing instead of z?, I thought that was a joke. That is insane., You'll just have to take me out with that daily-paper S.I. Newhouse bankroll., Happy Hanukkah Everyone!, pray about it then it might happen, Tanning and pizza retrieval! Going to be a good night :), #UCLA F Reeves Nelson suspended indefinitely for conduct detrimental to team, naaaaaa naaaaa naaaaaa I want a damn eight pack, GAME OF THRONES IS THE BOMB discuss, +1 “ Isn't radical change what is needed in healthcare? #s4pm”, I've got my phone back! Reunited and it feels so good!, There's something so magical about grilled eggplant, Aw shucks, Spending weekend with MOM and DAD., up and tired but bout to hit the bed..., annie just hit a car with her shoe and some man was in it, I CANT STOP LISTENING TO 11:11 ITS AN AMAZING SONG!, sang to a guy as I was driving.. totally made his day lol, I'm in a mermaid streak right now and have read OF POSEIDON, LIES BENEATH AND MONSTROUS BEAUTY. All of which are YA., Leave my tires alone, stinky., Why not plan early for your week hit up the Pavilion for Pavilion Thursdays! DJ D-LO | $100 Call Bottles| $3 Cherry, Grape & Loopy Bombs .., Thanks bro. I'm just gonna take it easy today & see how I feel in the morning., Food For Thought: Even if u r on the right track, u will get run over if u just sit there., a sexy beast! And a singer, he's down to earth, he really knows how to treat girls.(: *just pointing that out*(:, RT : Wake up! It'll take more than an obnoxious alarm clock to wake up those sleepy email subscribers. Reactivate them..., I did at first as well. Thats how I realized what you were saying., I'll make suggestions but - what do you usually keep in the fridge?, Mention our supporters for a RT!, check out my new music video on you tube typing Phanuel why, Whose cruel idea was it for the word “Lisp” to have a “S” in it?, That last story breaks my heart..., I had a great time at the Spring Bash yesterday. They did a fab job w/ set up & vendor selection., what guy, I am so sorry Mike, I'll be praying for you all, I miss the good old days., Thanks so much! You too!, Don't quit on Nova. Though I feel your pain with how they've been playin as of late., 'There has to be a standard that makes that determination of marriage, and the Bible is that standard,' Baity says., I know you wanna follow me. ;) x10, Almost as sad as the number of people who actually care., agreed but you know Dolan is about to over pay Lin & expect him to start because of the revenue he brings in., GUYS! Did you hear?! LL Cool J was added to Ravinia! I'm going to get my wine & cheese gangsta boogie on y'all!, hell yeah! Size 10 All day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>, Y r those hispanic people playin their music so loud, smh? Dont they realize that cinco de Mayo is over!, I been at the hospital all morning now I have to smoke two blunts to make me go to sleep, #Pandora til my eyes close.. Good night, I will look into it. Got the book "Imagine" last week! Very fast read. Brilliantly written! Thanks!, In year since dbw11, so much has changed yet many of the same questions remain., fiesta exhibition opens thursday... lets go!, - p.s. can't wait to work "parallax scrolling" into a coctail party conversation, Thank, you're welcome, and You too!, still no info. Police are staying tight lipped about it. Not sure why. I'm still working the phones to get some answers., Kristen Wiig is lovely., I smelled the same thing and thought the same thought., Suspicious device causes evacuation in midtown neighborhood - KOLD-TV Suspicious device causes evacuation in midtown neighborhood KOLD-TV, that's what I'm listing to... Brings back memories I didn't even know happened, BRING IT! ARRRRGHHHHH!!!!!!, Barnes and Noble...they really need some comfy chairs so i can read, Surf today appears a bit flat at the Pier. May be a good day for some Bocce ball., I wish there was a lame button...not a dislike button but a lame button..., We're on our way to District 38 in New Jersey to do one last push before Election Day!, I think more logically than emotionally ... People think I'm heartless, dont let hate and sadness bring you it to a crash just try you best to pass that bump in the road, Going to take a long walk at Millennium then of course I'm going to have to go eat at Guads !, that true, Not yet! Hoping she hangs on a while longer as she is still a wee little one. Due date May 29!, not tonight, Now is the winter of our contentedness., oh thanks ;) hahaha, Day after xmas, the united flight that never was: 5 hrs in o'hare, delay, delay, canceled, rebook, delay. joys of xmas travel., I want a Phish and Grateful Dead coloring book., Facebook reminds me of Twitter. Twitter reminds me of tumblr. Tumblr quotes and stuffs reminds me of you., you know I don't speak Spanish. In English please lol someone's frustrated though, I need to get ready! :/, What if 10% of the workforce could work from home. What would be the impact on the #environment and the price of #oil?, Count down to the big move! I hope everything goes well and as planned., tonight on AIBTV 7pm, if you need help and no one else can help call, Happy holidays from Latin Beat Magazine to all of our readers! The past 20 years have been a blast!, Damn Novak got 2 blocks. :: pinches self::, I suspect it's the software outpacing the hardware. I am overdue for an upgrade anyhow, I guess, but the 1G iPad has been great., YOU WOULD! LOL. Hope you had a great time, Me too! London better have a good opening like Beijing did RT : me either! I love the ceremonies!!, Finally getting out, What's SD got to offer?, Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (pghha), Purchasing Engineer - Marine Systems, Last night >>>>, Wow. That's a burn on me, I suppose., I recently moved to San Fran and need to brush up on my Spanish., Hey Jenn! I think you're extremely talented, and are going to have an amazing long career.. Happy to follow you! :), Awesome - I didn't realize you went to India for your honeymoon!, I think Im gonna watch All That. #the90's, I don't really like hendricks, So sad it's the last day of spring break :(, I hope so., Ocean's Thirteen m. Matt Damon, George Clooney and Brad Pitt., wat day mean, #SSMA love back at ya!!, it makes perfect sense. I actually do not know what there is to like about lebron james. There is nothing to like about him., #vsa2011 the closing session already?!? Time flues when you're having fun! What a great first VSA!, Who's excited for the Three Stooges movie this weekend? (Just seeing who I need to de-friend / unfollow.), Ah, so you gotta call me out like that now? I see how it is. I see... lol, Fat Tuesday Vegas-style, whats wrong my love, Gzzzzz I should have had my dad drive me all around the country. Just because it's earth day, I think that everyone I'm watching right now in in the room with you., Hence why I say, God, Family, then work, church, etc., 7 hour train to DC:), For the Most Advanced, Best built, Smallest, and Quietest automated Phoroptor available, visit Reichert booth, all it is, is the words I'm alive I'm dreaming. Its not his face or anything. That would be stupid, Complimentary webinar: Promoting a Culture of Learning in a Non-Profit Environment: A Case Study featuring Feeding America.Tues, Sep 27 1pm, So what is w/some of Housewives' moms? Kim's mom's face?! Just like that plastic nightmare of a mom face on the Miami housewives?, now you know how i feel, Are you looking for jobs?, Aiiiiight. Do I smell juice? Yipppeee, perfect and evil :) too many calories!, Dear Amazon, I really don't like peacocks that much., thanks for the follow! I'll check out your blog and wish you well!, Friday at last! Have a great sexy weekend., Parents ugh... they get under ur skin please god help me this one time please make them shut up while we watch this movie., Just watched about 50 seniors, disabled individuals, and concerned citizens get arrested for healthcare. So inspiring., Ahh.. sorry about that. Good thing you're tweeting though and not tied up in a trunk or something, I wish there was a pen that can copy and paste., - I don't care what you have , I just want your heart babes (:, Don't give up on life when a problem comes traveling through just keep your head up and keep on going., If you ask your mom and I ask mine aha, Why is everyone suddenly obsessed with ombre and chevrons?, Omg I did not put that as my twitter name.....Tristan, Based on text messages alone, most people would probably assume my mom is a 14-year-old Hungarian immigrant., cautiously optimistic about all. I wanted Perry so loved that. Loved the trading urgency w their deep roster. We'll see, I love some trivia, Anyone going to the Bristol race in August?, prolly Saturday lol new schedule comes out then, #BandsILove one direction and mindless behavior, May the Fourth, blah blah blah, Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn., how about in baby oil, Yesterday's Spring Bridal show was so much fun. We enjoyed meeting lots of 2013 brides and making some new vendor friends too!, awesome x, Why are Cee Lo's hands so small? Did they stop growing at an early age, or is it some sort of optical illusion? I'm perplexed, RT I just wanna tell her how my show went... How did it go?, Freaky! Let's hope this one wouldn't talk :), Couldn't decide whether to have red or white for dinner., I can't seem to bring myself to take Mumford and Sons out of the CD player in my car..., At my grandparents for dinner. It's mothers day and my moms at work all night :/, Yeah they are, I had a toyota corolla & 91' Civic Si hatchback, um..... Between 3-5 we can start.(:, NATO, G8 In Chicago: Mayor Hints At City Dollars For Closed Businesses, Then Reverses Course - Huffington Post With massive protests and, Venice beach, Honestly....im a obsessed with PINK. Everything there is just so dang cute., The fact they were paid at all says they were overpaid., Hi Alan! How are you?, Stay hungry, stay foolish., upstream brewing company. 11th and Jackson, you aren't the only one that needs to clean up place names db #dearmyrtle. u don't wanna see mine either :-), Just on that grind, hopefully someday I'll be a "A Google Analytics Qualified Individual", dude...there should be a place where you can compete in "hunger games". but with paintball or laser tag...!!!, Bowdlerize My Heart, lovely darling!, Hello, I love you Let me jump in your game, #NameYourFavoriteRapper A lady who works at Macy's. She does a lovely job with my Christmas presents., EVA's next meeting is Sat. Feb 5th! Red Hot Internet Publicity 2.0 w/ Penny Sansevieri 10:30 at the Azusa Public Library, I'm on a search committee for my school looking for new teachers, I always ask about how they use SM to enhance their practice, And seriously, I know celebrities and athletes seem to have far more follows. So I can't have that? I'm the diva of Ferndale!, weed and fuss around in the garden so I'll have some pics too!, Clark Co wins the 10th Region Crown, What won't u put bacon on???, Welcome new luvs part 5! Thanks for following, Hope you enjoy it!, You dont take a hoe out for dinner, The Hideout! Great little venue, I would create an episode showing how concussions happen and try to explain why the recovery time is so different for each individual., On my way to marfa texas!, 80-foot plate of nachos sets new world record, I listened to the Tracy Morgan thing. It was good. Still don't like Terry Gross. Just don't think she's a great interviewer., Good points on Q2.. Moving to Q3.., If u real u real deen u don't need to say it. It's something to be great it's nothing to be famous, Whatcha been up to since Beetlejuice?, try assigning the external drive a new drive letter that doesn't conflict with ur DVD. Something like E: or F:. Know how?, INNOVATION...Brilliant!, bahaha your officially my favorite tweeter, My friend starts school earlier than us. #JustSayin'. (:o, getting ready to start week 4 of p90x 2. damn i love it., Also, the house band at 's event is killing it. Manu chao, outkast, nate dogg, and a great snoop cover., So very welcome, Rebecca, and ditto!, 1602 S. Park St. Madison. Can you make it? Thx!, #waystomakemehappy talk about Eminem., who do you think is gonna take it all the way?, Don't miss your chance to meet w/ representatives from: & many more @ The Mesa Annual Transfer Day!, #YouGetMajorPointsIf You are yourself. :), Hope y'all have been paying attention to Klay Thompson lately. The rookie's going to be an elite scorer in the NBA., Thank you, Mr. President!! That's all I have!, Call me tomorrow when you can! I wanna hang out and stuff! I am going so crazy at home, and I miss the crap out of you, I CANT BELIEVE NIGGAZ BE PILLOW TALKING TO STR8 HOES. WEAK ASS MOFOS!, S/o to u too, love RT : S/o to my new follower, “: ATTENTION PROMOTERS! BOOK A DIMEPIECE MAGAZINE ISSUE RELEASE/MODEL SEARCH IN YOUR CITY! ”, Oh okay . I only asked cause it said u tweeted me saying ?????, I Wanna Be The Boy In Her Dreams That Saves The Day., yes it does ;), Think I don't care if you want, I'll still do what I need to. Sorry., About to head over to Soul Fo Monday, world power, I'd like to chat sometime about your UX background, we have some exciting changes and roles in the works., Sorry guys, the ability to add personal events to the conference planner is still pending an upgrade reportedly due next week., sent me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, Pile driver?, capitalists, bankers & corporations... Same thing., hey! were an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out?, Officially done with ! Mad that was sent home but now ? IDK anymore.... Go !, thanks (: & yeah, he actually is. lol I hope he comes back to Ohio., Good morning San Diego and happy Thursday! One more day to go before the weekend!, LMAO Dom was the first one to book it running! But it was fun running for us haha Even though my jeans were killing me, shopping spree? Lol, transcribe lyrics from ur coffeestained notebooks, napkins &, not so often, lines written at the palm of ur hand with a blue ballpoint pen, Day 2 of the raw food cleanse. Energy level high, somehow not starving. And this pineapple/kiwi juice is like sunshine in a bottle., Just did a photo shoot in front of 3 different pieces in pittsburgh..so dope..been a fan for years, #cil11 Facebook as a solution for integrating library's social media sites: YouTube, goodreads, customized apps, iLike, Aw. I love that., Thank you, for another day. <U+2764>, “: I don't understand the FSU objection "these other teams suck but get paid like we do". It's like that in every conference.” This, It's okay, I can't come up with a worse pun, either., Specials today: Roasted Tomato and Pesto/ Jowl Browns/ Hoppel Poppel/ Breakfast Pizza/ Mixed Vegetable and Noodles/ Steak Salad, "Never Without You" Fan Comments: Who says<U+FEFF> that Ringo wasn't creative? He's a fantastic artist!, Not 8 on 5, that's the Hawks game, shoot jumpers entire game. Need to force the issue and MAKE refs call fouls, I just listened to your voicemail. You're awesome and I thought I'd share that with the world of Twitter. #, go pick tomatoes from our place, we have 30 plants, Ready for Friday Happy Hour tomorrow? We have the perfect cupcakes! Pink Champagne, Margarita Madness, 1/2 Pint (Guinness), and Hostess., The HBO documentary shows how heart disease starts creating lesions in childhood!, Do you have the billboards by you too?, Bears win again! Congratulations to the awesome home team!, #edshow RACHEL at MSNBC comes down with the MADDOW DISEASE for which there IS NO known cure., Thanks so much for following me. I hope my tweets inspire you., The are looking for professionals to become officers within the Nat'l Guard and set themselves apart from their peers...., Unbelievable #shootingstar coming down over Tampa Bay 10 minutes ago. I thought it was going into the bay., guess we know who the sucker is now, You bet. Glad to! You're pretty awesome., EVERYONE FOLLOW-, Wanted: female best friend, happy to be home after a busy day... editing video and constructing dynamite emails in my head... don't forget to eat, ALYSSA!!!, ESP vintage serious, 1913 wasn't a very good year. 1913 gave us the income tax, the 16th amendment and the IRS. Ron Paul, thanks for the fb sexy, Good Morning!, I am finally gonna meet her! Haha, #bubba winning in Georgia, it just makes sense, Fastest national anthem ever #sharks #canucks wtf canada?, Eek, really? I'm not sure there's any subliminalinception hoodoo that could make *want* to listen to him..., watching rock and roll hall of fame inductions. forgot how sexy #anthonykiedis is!! STILL HOT!, All I've had to eat today: 3 donuts. Did I mention it's my day off?, Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved." - Churchill, I don't waaaana go to school, Starbucks #fedhill open!, Girl: Yo Boy: hey love Girl: ); Boy: ? Girl: j/k i just playin with you RT if you get it :), I think "Blackout. End of Act One." are my favorite words to type ever., I don't know! It opens April 4 in Westwood I think. I saw the giant banner today over the Fox Theatre. It'll be post-spring break., Just got some bad news...., All your doe is sour, I don't mess with Lemon Cake- I wrecks it steady N deadly just let me demonstrate, You inspire me for all your compassion and love you spread!, ": sorry I have a life"yea on my Nuts!!!!!, Big thanks to for speaking with us at HQ today, Headin to tha pad ..tired as hell .., yes gettin' drunk with kari mills and caleb barnes tonight :D, Thanks to my lil valentine for my hoodie!!! #BestValentineEver!!!, if i could i would! they love u and u love them and most of all i trust u damn u come back lol, Um, naked M&Ms are chocolate chips. Don't be fooled., Everything in life leads me back to a song. Grateful that reignited my passion., alex told me to tell him to follow me. im so not use to this whole twitter thing. gimee time ! only had it for 6days, it beats a lot of the junk I have been watching. How did your day as a gym teacher go?, So! I could go all Austin on you!, We are looking for companies who have had success using #SM & #PR to grow their #smallbusiness for our blog & articles. Free, How was lunch? We should have lunch sometime, if ya like., we're in total agreement. Major props !, luna ready to tip the scales of balance in the heavenly court of libra.. im craving a milky-way..., what r chances he's just staying off it for tomorrow?, do you actually know the rules or are you just trained to say "the refs made the right call"?, S/O to my new follower #NFB :), The thought for the day: Because you are natural doesn't always mean you have healthy hair., YOu are very much welcome! Keep Swingin!, My high school advisor's husband just died. They just celebrated 50 years together in April. So sad. How do you move on after that?, Had a great Christmas Eve dinner..Steak and Lobster :), There was an old man named Michael Finnegan, he had whiskers on his chin-egan, Stronger than before, when your life becomes a war, set the world on fire <3, We are looking for a Sr. Java Flex developer for client in Plano, TX. Great opportunity - Awesome organization., headed to Tampa bay? Damn! Good luck mike, #RedSoxNation will miss you., do we have to follow you back?(;, The only leaders I respect are those willing to risk humiliation for their cause & would risk their cause for those they love., Just got home props to Cochino the room was fantastic the bitches work off the chain, no it wouldn't -.-, good morning tweets its monday lets start the week of with a bang!, Firefly it is! Woo Hoo!, Family Fights always happen when a bunch of family come around eachother.... :/, Thanks! Hope you had a good one!, Having a great day! Perfect way to end the work week... really needed today to turn out this way., I'm going to try to spend a little time in the Old Market, so I'll try to swing by and say hello!, George Trow on Ahmet Ertegun. Mostly for Field Maloney's enthusiasm., whats the strangest moment you ever had, come back to us in one piece and ready to party! love and miss you! be safe., <stretches> now THAT I what I call sleeping in!, Timhovde.com has huge art sale at the lowest prices ever! Affordable, original artwork!, thought "my idiot brother" with Paul Rudd was very good. The title of the movie made me think it would be another dumb movie, yet it wasn't, hahahhahhaah nice i think the same thinglol., Customer Testimonial: I call Philly 311 all the time. I got to say that whoever does the training around their must do a wonderful job. Ever, Madness on Lime 2012 is tonight!! Starts at 6:30! Live music, free food and cheap drinks...can't beat it! Be there!!, Great to see on Twitter. THE Authoritative source for info about political collectibles., I always think people forgot about Cervelli and it makes me sad but then l tweet about it and everyone else misses him too :), PickUpLine: I am a magical being, take off your bra, RT We're auctioning foursome at Erin Hills for Children's Hospital. As a bonus (or not), I will loop for you. Call 414.799.1965 bid, Finalizing top 6 designs out of about 25 for the launch of our new t-shirt line...Blob Tees! Might have "Buy our tees & get a koozie FREE!", Well, advertising is a multi-billion dollar business, so perhaps you're in the #rightindustry. You'd be good at moonshining, tho., People that put gum under desks are freaking nasty1 Throw it away!, always address sustainability YES, # Iowa of course!, Where the beat is sweet & the jive is live., For sure, love your style, focused, simple, powerful. Four steps. That's how we roll, just blinked...., Hey, it's 5 o'clock somewhere! Wait, it IS 5 o'clock, let's have a margarita!!!!, How could I branch out so far from what I was born to be, what I so deeply and distinctively was already once…, We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :), oh no! :( maybe we will see you next saturday at ?, Most dreaded words of #wifilmfest: 'Exit out the back, please.', Hello. Nice to meet you., In early June, 1807 USS Chesapeake encounters HMS Leopard off VA. British demand the right to board looking for deserters., "Boldness be my friend." -William Shakespeare, #HAPPYBIRTHDAYAUSTIN <<<<< Get it trending guys!!!! <3, Finally I have Thursday nights off now I can be normal and watch PDP with the rest of the world, Would like to thank Don Newman of the San Antonio Spurs for making the right choice by having his vehicle serviced at Express Lube., I understand the importance of building a conscious & responsible generation, & feel that the use of social media is essential to that cause, Religions change; beer and wine remain., Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 65, Josh Hamilton is good at baseball, make my life. Might unfollow every1else unless they fill my TL with balls and office ladies. Freak show>everything else., Happy mother's day., Prez of King City #Teachers Assoc testifying on AB 1858, concerned about high interest district pays on state loan. How does this help kids?, Hopefully Monta tips when he comes to Vegas unlike you., How would you handle a blessing from God such as a lump sum of money, a huge raise or big bonus?, No sweat, somebody's gotta do it RT : To all the gatekeepers in this world - I send gratitude, yup me too...this is my last box!, im a huge fan of u and ur sisters!!! love yal keep up the great work!! can u follow me???, WILDIN' CAUSE IM YOUNG, Can't stop watching #criminals minds -- might never get to bed!, Dear McDonalds cashier, Don't give me that look, there's no age limit on a happy meal. Sincerely, don't forget the toy bitch., Please stop hiring #CandyDulfer to play sax...so bad..., So much hate I need a AK, and u rip my terrost person 5 times :b, Good! I'll be rooting for you, thinking of you, hoping for you on the rough days, too., can we do 3 cos i might go on tweetlimit :(, Ask me anything don't be shy ;], #96-Nick Collins-FS-Green Bay Packers, I never tweet!, get some!, You chewed through the gag again, I see., Wow that hurts.I'd feel disrespected.Ppl think I'm straight because I don't have a typical gay personality.As if that exists, Buy an analytics API - they are getting cheaper. Connect it to custom software in your office., Dam it got all them cry babies in their feelings lol, I push babies too., I just started a new Facebook page. I plan to populate it with ideas and conversations about change. I'd appreciate it if you'd visit it an…, Killed my audition,gonna score some grub. And then,work on Last Breath stuff!, I officially graduate high school in 5 days! :D, Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., so today none of my friends were online hm so now wat any1 wanna chat with me i will talk 2 any1, hope you like McDonalds, Was driving eating a tuna sandwich and a large chunk of tuna salad fell into my shirt pocket. Didn't know until I pulled out my sunglasses., ufck this, cutting my hair, Thank you!, no problem is too big for God! John 16:33 is a great verse to look up if you have time!, We love you here at TREJOsi! You are beautiful!, RT Trivia: Which former Blues player did Jaroslav Halak list as his hockey hero? Pavol Demitra, IS IT 5 YET?!?!?! JEEZ WHAT A SLOW DAY, coo..what city are u in?, how yall day been going?, man i'm so hurt right now... like people don't understand WORDS COMMUNICATION TALKING GOES A LONG WAY, Just got my Montana deer and elk tags. Woot!, Will we see you all the NCFAA show next week?, WE HAVE ANOTHER WINNER: YUP- JOHN STARKS, Lmao RT : Looking for a yungninja like u lol RT : No idea why Jim jones mom is in sin city lmao, where exactly is #romney releasing his tax records and how can we view them?, I thought so! I love your stuff! I might have to blog about it! :), can you please follow me Miss Sprint Cop thanks Bobby Howarrd :-), One sales lady managed to stalk our entire journey through Crate and Barrel. Made me feel very uneasy., The NHL needs to do something about Ovechkin... they can't keep letting him get away with hits like that., "Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction" - Antoine de Saint-Exupery, Looking forward to a great !, Baby money I got cha baby money kidnap yo lady get that how much u love yo lady money, Jeff and Adam workout, ha ! the only i saw really work out in the Big Brother was Hayden and The Bragrade (allience) last year #bb12 /, Hey what is wrong with, Sad news from Took a chance on a kid right out of , honed her skills and introduced her to the finest PR folks around., Just noticed I had my headphones in with no music on. I don't remember when I put them on though., #FF , though 80% of my followers are probably already following her \(-.-)/ yay haha, Congrats man....In 15 yrs as an NFL agent, I have never had a GM call me so many times to sign my clients UNTIL NOW w you!, Not running for President these days shows one is actually quite smart., likes me even less than he likes justin., Hamilton Proper, Sawgrass and Windemere neighborhoods, George Zimmerman is being charged with 2nd degree murder. And he is current in custody. - WSB TV, damn it, man! go to bed before the sun rises!, plastic is so five minutes ago ;), I haven't seen you at #MAMSummit, yet! :(, No, chillin right now. You?, #CanIBeHonestWithYou i think im in love with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>, I'm really anxious to see what's going to happen in #FallingSkies!!! so excited! :), “: Might need that second cup of coffee this morning! X-)”You should have told me, I would've sent a big ol cup with Doug!!, Actually more like an awkward silence...., 61 RSVP's since yesterday afternoon - and only 64 spots remaining. is flying in from Colorado for it, even!, Cleaning off my desk & came across this scribble: "Make these people look research-y.", These girls at bars need to step up there game, no I don't want to talk about The Real Housewives or your pet dog you dress up, School is more important than my health? Yeah this is why I hate you., Petitioning "House to House" with a team of Genesee County neighbors today. Our momentum is really catching on in the GLOW counties!, 60 degrees in Chicago today! I'm ready to be outside!, Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential. Peace Pilgrim, Who would win between Chuck Norris and 'the most interesting man in the world' (dos xx)???????, so much fun! even more fun watching you try to eat it..., CBS 'Elementary,' 'Vegas' And More Trailers For 2012-2013: Want to know what's coming to CBS for the new 2012-2013 season?Take a look..., I hear almost as many languages spoken here at as I did at the Pretty cool., great to connect with you and L tonight. Cheers for the insightful mixtapological musings!, ”It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.” -Albert Einstein, "I've Been To The Mountaintop (or, in this case, Costco).......Figs at last! Figs at last! Thank God Almighty CostCo has Figs at last!", Lol I look like today, Anyone good at thermochemistry and quantum mechanics....holla @ me. Lol, Ladies and gentlemen, Schlitz has finally made its way to the West Coast. Let the beer-drinking begin., I would never, ever, ever use the word "nummy." But I enjoyed my lunch there., Last Puma tournament today!, #revision #writing-At last! Today revised and edited 31 pages of novel #2...2 yrs it's been waiting for me to get with it., Super happy to have internet and cable up and running at my new place in Vegas, let's rock on! :), Everyone has their bad days. Just don't forget to smile. A smile can brighten anyone's day.(: Talk to you later., What makes you sexy?, OFFICIAL HU Graduation party is at #ClubIbizaDC tonite. Congrats!! Saturday night Hookup :: 21+ Free all night :: will pop off, Golden spoon <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>, RT New & returning college students: The Philadelphia Orchestra has a FREE college concert, Oct. 6: vstphl.ly/q92HQL, Keep the focus on yourself and day by day your dream will unfold., New day new blessing. Don’t let yesterdays failures ruin beauty today, each day has its own promise of love and joy. GOOD MORNING, thanks chris! keep spreading the word, But Harvard is in top 10 schools that had most int'l students in 2010-11 b/c of its grad programs, That Moment When You Sitting Home Alone In The Dark Watching Tv... Feel Like Something Behind You And Turn Around To See Nothing <<<, Retweet if you love, World Series > Colts game But: Colts game w Payton Manning > World Series, life can be a bitch., no seriously I do..., chubby checker, psycho, belgians in the con-go..., Audition accomplished -George W Bush on tonight's aircraft carrier edition of American Idol., You realize that is a fake account, right? I'm betting his "donation to the troops" will be just as fake., I want a man that will treat me good., The last couple days have been a lot of things...... I'm ready., In Georgetown routing for my #Rams. People are not happy at Breadsoda, which makes me even more happy :D, Last night we made a hard decision to support a budget that brings balance to CA; wish it didn’t include cuts to so many valuable programs., I miss you too! We just get too busy. We need to pencil each other in for some catch up time soon!, Cleaning closets today... Who knew women could own so many shoes and WBA-sized title belts?, That nigga said he like wolf pussy not bald pussy and I was like well dueces bcuz I ain't no wolf bitch so hav fun on the next full moon, One Gator out, one gator in. Does this make you feel better about, I'm sick but I still have to go to school... FML, Kenyon Martin is so gay lol but he's a #bearcat so its all good den, luke-warm baths are so much more relaxing than ferociously hot ones., Well I did not have that one, Ultimately, the Dream Farm is an attempt to address the crisis faced by 175,000,000 orphans world wide., Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new. - Og Mandino #elevate yourslf, I Love you, I get a discount at the bug jar & I still don't go., I swear Wiz don't give a fuck who he's smoking in front of, So everything you said was bullshit., I wonder if #Braun and #Rodgers will ever open a business together? Now that would be cool!, NEWS of the Night: Mitt Romney Sweeps! Big because it had to be the first time he has ever swept in his life!, I need in on your teams, Indeed. RT : you are officially an idiot RT: I'm not a homophobe but this Girl Unit EP is just a little too gay for me., I hope my bro Robert come down for the summer., Goodnight you guys.!, Someone on this train must've bathed in perfume this morning. And yet, astonishingly, it still smells like pee in here., At Lucky Strikes with the OFA crew., Why didn't Newt Gingrich and Bush 41 offer their support for Paterno in November, #iWishThat most people wouldn't be one big disappointment & would actually amount to something, haha :D:D, Just finished washing my baby, Happy Thanksgiving!!! I am so grateful for Blondie and Brown Eyes!!!, definitely! Will be an extension of his birthday that's the day before :), thanks j-syn roman rep on doing some promos for his products, a lot of hotel time, Why yes, internet stranger... it is. Is yours?, Babysitting is a real challenge.., Wow im #selfish song tho., lol i aint heard that song n a long time.,, Im going to concert in New York(:<3, Chely Wright - Chely Wright Taking Part In Charity Walk, espically the ones in boston :-), doing better than I did though. I dropped out of college after about a week for circumstances outside my control, so, would it be weird to have a live band, and break dancers at my funeral?, I hate not being able too sleep .., oh must be other ones. I will check., lol oh, no! Sorry!, That will never work unless she never fucked wit a industry dude, Let's work together to make San Antonio a Live Music Community to be reckoned with. Why not?, You guys, I'm a sucker for cheesy pickup lines., too. Nice to be an early "follw", this quote made my day. Or my career., hey killer, Cookies help., Ok Good., listening to RBD and we have all of our lights on since our parents are not here lololol, RT : Let's start this hashtag today #IHelpHomelessPetsBy ... making it my life's work to make our community a better place for them., I've been away from Social Media far too long... Hello friends, Today, I will be back at work after driving from Memphis Tennessee to New York picking up a car after mines got stolen in the Bronx, I found a marian girl..I found a marian girl., Fuck prince charm, give me a frog that fucks me all night!, Thanks for RTing the Meg Murry article the other day!, good evening! :), Irrationally angry that peanut butter frosting exists (with matching cake) and I can't eat it., That awkward moment when doesn't follow you:(, To tweet or not to tweet? That is the question!, thanks for the follow! I hope you find our IP and entrepreneur news helpful :) See you around Boston!, hum D, Everyone keeps following my old account. NO -_-, You're VERY welcome! I appreciate YOU! My pleasure to be in touch here and on FB too!, Chillin bout to watch a movie. Netflix time haha, Finna eat nd take a nap. . ., GAME DAY... Bear Down Cats! We've got plenty of tvs, inside and on the patio to watch the game and enjoy an ice cold beer!, Read the newest spotlight on Carla Perlo Founder & Director of Dance Place. danceistheanswer.blogspot.com, hm. i might slip martha a few quid and ask her to do one, I just sent a work email referencing the "minor tweets" I made to a document. I thought women were supposed to be good at multi-tasking?, yes you will! I'm home now but I will be visiting sometime this fall are you staying there this summer?, Yes we are use code "listlove" and you'll get $5 off any shirtshop…so the $4.99 ones are free. That's pretty damn cheap eh?, I am so bummed, The 70's looked really smooth.. The 80's was full of partying but also the drug and aids phase., cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake, Just removed a rust stain from the countertop--got really excited, I deserve more than what I get, don't you think?, Nothing contributes so much to tranquilize the mind as a steady purpose a point on which the soul may fix its intellectual eye.-M Shelley, As if justin bieber one direction and big time rush weren't enough my 10 year old daughter is making me watch japanese boy band videos SMH, How could you agree with him! You little.........haha lol. Ya Bro. Wale was right I eat to much. A bake sale sounds good, #Raptors promoting Jeremy Lin on their website, "See Lin-sanity Live". That's what happens when you're 17th in attendance. Tix: $51, . I'm writing 2 YA books. One about first all-teen expediton to Everest. Other about a teen who lives at a Renaissance Fair., not thinking straight, HAHAHA. I figured YOU HATED Basketball. AND ZP IS AN IDIOT FOR BETTING, shhhhh.... don't tell Mittens, and then publicizes it ;-), I've told this boy 100 times not to use so much damn Toilet Paper!!! SMDH, Wishing I was in New York seeing Liu Bolin tonight, shut up you weren't there,, pretty little liars finale :(., CondoandHOALaw thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!, I've forwarded it on... sounds like a great conference!, If Arizona spent as much money on hiring teachers as it does trying to defend its crazy right-wing laws, we'd be sittin' pretty!, I already have one invite to go to Seattle after CHI, so this is now very tempting... I should have a better idea in a couple days, kmsl u got me tripn it was earlier today, we can't wait! See you next week!, My #lrt Aww , I Feel Bad For Her . Lmfaoooooooo ,, great quote, I'm digging the new series Anyone else?, stuffed pumpkin = success!, Had my 2 rum & cokes and going to bed, got to get up in 5 hours for work. am ready for another week., oh. do you want a perfect girl? go buy a barbie, :O omg i didnt knew sorry and ur here? in htown?, Tell Nao your favorite song!, lolololol hopefully & agreed, Got so caught up in this question that I almost lost track of time! Ready to move on to the next question?, Stoked to play this Saturday man, I think a wedge might help getting the snow off the driveway back home, GOOD MORNING did u get the picture I sent u?!?, I showel don't lyk lighting, Cats are to purr and not to be heard., Boy:tell me a secret tht u have never told any1Girl:u dont want to knowBoy:if u tell me urs ill tell u mineGirl:I<3uThe boy said thts mine2, Are our speakers happy? Senwosret says yes, she's about a 7. De Graaf says he's a "above average", i so wnna be sleep now....but this money wnt make itself...#risengrind Happy hump day!!, #15peopleilove My mom, Nice--Marc said you were looking for piano trios? Said he mentioned my name--which was lovely. Care to see a score?, hey i am well... it has been a long time..., On train back to Hollywood--life is good!, art is life hon., Getting ready for exciting Weekend, 3rd highschool graduating son, woohoo, ha! I meant my bike has these cables called power cordz and they suck. But yea swim cords are great!, I hate the news, only bad stuff, Am reviewing the Bernadette Peters & Michael Feinstein concert tonight, Yes! RT : ' Jason Franey: next year!, The rule is perfect: in all matters of opinion our adversaries are insane. Mark Twain (1835 - 1910, R.I.P. Carl Beane...Prayers go out to His Family... Gunna Be missed by the #SoxNation.. It sure wnt be the same without Carl On the PA, Models wanted for DUB San diego 9/26 email: with contact info and photos.... (paid), Toilet paper.... R u an over or under person?, Brandon is looking at me like im crazy because im dancing and singing too N'Syncs "just got paid". This is when i need, Almost time for game 7 at the Staples Center. Let's go Lakers., We are now on application #130114 - Lynn Retson., I sent you an e-mail about my capstone! :), umm... Let me think about it, you know your dumb when someone tells you to dye your hair blonde so you can fit your personality lmfaaoo:(, 'twas you who informed me that it's dang near impossible to get kids to pose for ya :-), I'm on that #Psychadlic Funk Tip 2day...feeling #damngood about everything that's happening with JenoLo 5 days till, : That's because the War Powers Act was passed on 4/1/1973., I have a feeling these Cats are bringing home #8.. Go Big Blue!!, damn that's a drive, RT A promise, is a promise. You can't just break it, and expect me to be okay., Arg! Attack of the spambots! George Lucas, are you behind this?, "Something I try to teach all my boys, always put one in the brain." Clock: 3:32, As a (pedantic!) side note, one can sensibly question whether X is deserved even if there is no alternative to having X., wearing a skinny black tie with a white shirt, so you look like a waiter, I was informed that it was to be warm and sunny on my days off. I guess that's not the case., yes you can baby, Your lookin so good in whats left of them blue jeans;), Tonight I get to see the little one :) been to long I miss lane <3, Don't forget some more of my niggas doin they thing in dis rap ish! show some love co everythingispolo, My wrists hurt from failed attempts of breakdancing., Can't. Sleep., Shaq is my favorite sports commentator shaq daddy keep doin your thing!, my powerpoints been a pain, printscreen, copy, paste & repeat just to get your pictures off flickr., Exactly 10 weeks until #Orioles Opening Day!!! Will you help pack the yard on April 6th against the Twins?, Head to tonight for Bluegrass night I Featuring Joe Overton & Friends I 9pm, This afternoon I dreamed about, wow, I'd give for a dream come true: P If you want to know what I dreamed, follow me,please, #Nw Family Guy, Thank you all for a great chat!, Thank you! What skits/acts did you like best? " jonathan_with1H: dope performance last night!", I would like to volunteer (if volunteers are still needed) for #mcn2010. How do I go about doing this?, Somebody call the waaaaaaaambulance for the cowboys...and for sucking in fantasy football. I hate you ...much amore though, chocolate chip cookies yummmyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, Great Hang last night in Reho with , the Rabbit and Alicia! Stingray Rules!, I'll be there bro for a little while, I just find it hard to believe is all. Am I wrong?, Booked Palm Springs, CA Vacation!, April 1st? Don't be a fool, start a contest today and use your friends to get in shape., "Someone told me eyes are the nipples of the face" what the, but what I preach is what I walk as I speak it, Oh sure, have him there "in office" the week I am NOT coming to see you. ;), I want to tell you all about it!, Pleasure 2 meet u, I'm checking out ur blog now, very nice work on those T-shirts.Lookng 4wrd 2possibly working w/u soon. GBU, If I were Gingrich I'd say the wife question was a despicable distraction from the national debate., There's no difference between a man with no power & a man with power who doesn't use it. Unknown, overtime for LAL - OKC ! wo's gonna win this game !, We hope everyone's having a beautiful Sunday!!, So, I think I may be concussed...but don't worry, I still have absolute pitch., "I got toothepaste and stew meat", Padilla! Love that guy. (When he pays his child support.), Ima try this again, how u doing? :) and will u follow me, I'm really lucky to be married to such a beautiful, intelligent and courageous person--my wife Nelissa! Te amo!, Over in #awcchat right now they're talking mobile apps w/ / - anyone can participate in the App Party., Hi, Jordan! Follow me ?, I don't know what category I belong to! But that sounds awesome, self invite!, I returneth to The Dark Tower - Dark Tower IV - Wizard & Glass by Stephen King, ha okay I will. Don't forget to follow me, I think you look perfect with curly hair or straight hair :3, the country music television., How do you hit on a girl in the weight room without looking like a tool?, "I don't think you should call here and talk to me like that.", Funny how that is never their argument when the voting trends to the Left., Beetle&#39;s Kitchen Escapades: Breakfast Bars by Nigella Lawson, Me and The Terrortubbies took over Seattle and ruled the Summer. Now time for the Tubbies to hit the books... DADDY LOVES and MISSES YOU!!, I need to be sleep I gotta get up from work in a couple of hours.smh, JOTR to finish., Wow my ipod just broke, C'mon #Mavs..we must win this..!!, it's like that saying goes. "When life gives you lemons, put those lemons in a bourbon barrel and wait 6 months.", Thanks again to the for all their incredible help at Cleopatra, CEO.!!!, YEAH BUT YOU DON'T HAVE BRACES!, polly go out and bend some corners in a minute, Thank you, Terry! Your Camp Ladybug For Women sounds like a wonderful organization., How often does being friends with ur ex really work?...., "my long distance relationship, or how to be a decent guy but still feel like a terrible boyfriend anyway" -- last 2 weeks & next 4 months, Let's revisit 'Strong Mind, Strong Body'. Have you checked your posture lately?, #AGoodGirlfriend doesn't let her man's eyes wonder., Yuhh huh, it was a good morning text. :) You replied!, Thanks Brian! The Friday Fish Fry Guide is what was always needed but didn't exist until now., great idea! Thanks for the suggestion!, Bed time! Ahh(: it feels good to finally go to sleep earlier than usual., Good morning to all of you., It was a butterfly wonderland outside this morning. LP too or is it a #southside specialty? Bums & <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>s too, .: "I’ve just concluded that...it is important for me to...affirm that I think same sex couples should be able to get married.", thanks, I'm on the east coast and forgot about the time difference, just got my beach bag! So cute and for a great cause!, Thx so much! RT : #FF My buddies want u 2 enjoy #ABQ by slowing down & renting a #bike. Take a tour w/ them 2!, Researcher vs. Student use cases?, I guess doesnt want to be in a magazine for his birthday...., ok.. and i didn't know krislyn told me., make sure and share your map so we can highlight it!, Health Tip: Remember that it is healthier to receive most of your vitamins and minerals naturally rather than taking supplemental tablets., Let it snow, let it snow, let it...but not like last year, please God., LOL! Nice one., I hate the fact that 1D blew up in the U.S. They need to go back to Britain where they belong., I am thinking of planting a bunch of Trees that block out all view of our house from the steet & the sides & behind - thats an earthly move!, my dad will like this news. I can already here him say "I hope Canelo kicks his ass", THX for the mentions!, I messages you again because I sent you the wrong number., Just got done cookin Pork Chops, Rice, Mashed Potatoes w/ Gravy & Corn Bread.., lmfao the truth hurts doesnt it bitch (;, thanks for the love, Happy New Year David. Wishing you the very best for 2012., You've found the right place - We will handle your issue quickly and efficiently. We offer full service Dell Streak Tablet Repair, is literally the best person I've ever met, Why can't we just be together already?!, don't worry, I'm sure he will reappear, what a wonderful and nerdy day at smithsonian museums. i really miss living here. even if it was just a month or so., Thanks for visiting and for checking in on . What Pie did you have?, no, seriously. what's wrong with being passionate about something you love to do?, I'm ready for Miami!!! This trip will be hella fun!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>, going on the river in Portland Oregon, on a new MasterCraft., Or if you're sexy, It's time to Sonic, Congrats! Conveniently close to Zuni Cafe, one of my favorites., I agree. Certainly that sense of inevitability is lost too., That short nap>>, Bug hunting today. Its no fun when you break something you fixed before..., AH! I miss you Canada! Come see me soon!, #IThankGod for all the beautiful things he's put on this earth !, Alan just told me my hair reminded him of the Lion King. Lmfao, thanks . . .<U+E40D>, some people just don't grow out of their high shool mentality..., I swear! Sometimes u just can't take people serious so instead I'm goin to take them for what they present themselves to be, Today was the first day of food trucks in downtown #SanAntonio! I hear the truck with the brisket was phenomenal!!, fuck this move im going to cry bye, #Wecantdate because money can't buy you a personality., In #WizardsOfWeverlyPlace, she has a lot of style, my favourite one is, the dress with, a leopard (kitty) in her shoulder :), We can't afford to lose so much amazing talent. People step up!, Gettin my car washed...love the little things in life, Gas is to much! I can't afford to drive anymore!!, Im ok now lol, Doing well, Katie! How about you? Did you get moved?, Whats wrong with me seriously i always lose friends. . . ., Im off that Ciroc Peach heavy rite now, Happy Easter yall!!, i would love to receive a tweet from, We're open Late Night tonight at 24th and San Antonio street since it's Friday! 11pm-3am., Moms making me take twitter off my phone because it uses "to many texts". Who cares!, God takes care of himself, and you of you., Hey jon. My search button is acting kooky. I couldn't find you. Please follow and I will follow back. Ms. Walker. :-), Delonte carter was pretty good too. We should get LaMichael James, he was a good receiver as well, RT : Steveston Farmers’ and Artisans’ Market this weekend: Fill your fridges with yummy fresh Farmers Market food an......, Huge game this morning at 11est for NIKE CAMP School CPA and Coach Legate as they play Livingston in the TN Girls 2A Final Four., Never get tired of watching #FNL reruns! Come on now Coach Taylor!, we aren't getting off at one yet? Ugh I don't know. We just went through the toll and he took the ticket., The real question is, where is ?! Why hasn't she been over yet?! What is this nonsense?, I'll be playing next Wednesday night for worship! Pretty stoked on it., gurllll good choice (;, After getting about 22" of snow here, this weekend has been a great time to do some writing to revise our Armor Your Self™ training seminar, He wants you to share his band link Lol, are you going to Cambodia? Its my favorite place ever! The New York times just did a piece on it in their Travel section 3/4, YUM RT : Grilled cheese month? I'm in! Planning bacon/pear/muenster/raspberry jam grilled awesomeness for next week., I NEED TO FIGURE OUT WAT IM FINNA DO..ROLL WITH U OR ROLL OUT, what's going on bess? Did they come back again?, I wish I was there :'c, those people are SO lucky <3, Haha, really? That's awesome(: I love Justin too! And I'll send you the link to my story tomorrow(:, Seminar on using data to make your marketing programs more effective. Narrowcast v broadcast., The most expensive house in the world cost $1 billion. It is located in Mumbai, India., that's sick!!! Maddie said y'all are hangin out tomorrow she said she will get it from you! Thanks alot man, Hal, quick clarification: I missed adding the 'RT' in that last tweet... is the creator of , not me :), Such a sick show! Thanks to everyone who came out! Sick locals, so much fun and MURDERDEATHKILL killed it., The Burbs in my pants, Wow seeing all of these loser guys makes me miss you., 2day Iz A Great Day 4 A Bloody Maxi Pad Slappin. Any1 N Mind??/": Smile today even if u don't feel like it!", i just wish i felt better, Today I'm busier than a one-legged Riverdancer., #YouGetPointsIf you snowboard, LOL, true! They gave him the ball, it was his 50th career hit., going good also :), I shaved clean Friday, #hate when hoes say u tweakin like u can have all this , bitch I'ma already fuckin you what more could a NIGGA want smh, Ignoring a craving only makes things difficult! Satisfy your desire for steak w/ our Char Broiled N.Y. Strip Steak w/ blue cheese crust &..., Well off to hang with the boi <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><U+270C>, A gig to prepare for, a test to study for, a dog to take care of, a job to get to. ohh what fun.:), #kids Mother's Day Brunch at The Stoneleigh's 'Bolla' in Uptown Dallas at The Stoneleigh Hotel and Spa, Sun, May 13 10:30a: Bolla, the..., Day 2 of juicing today is carrot orange apple and ginger yummy!, facebook ac.disable :"{, please draft DeCastro, going nuts on the Heat as usual, even tho as a collective group they have 0 rings. deferring to D Wade in the clutch, haha!, ever been to grass valley? This place is bumpin. #Libya #forwhoforwhat?, #Rangers are moving on! Win series 4-3 over #Ottawa with a 2-1 game 7 victory, Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all, Truth. Congratulations. RT : Never thought I'd derive so much pleasure from watching somebody else eat and sleep., the islanders, idk the have a surprise me all I have to do is get dressed and let her kidnap me., Thanks for giving us a try! Enjoy it!, Mermaidman & Barnacle Boy In The Flesh Gasp* . ( Spongebob ), You're welcome Love the clear info you put in your blog!, Rt 30 to UTC Bus 348 driver at 16:10 asked passenger to "tone down the language." Much appreciated after several miles of foul words., Will you please inform us when the NCAA interviews his Bus Driver and Lunch Lady? That will totally shock the world!, Don't Sleep Just Grind, Can't decide where I wanna get my make up done for prom..., nf the gorgeous, We would love to see your pick for Best New Exhibitor and Best Booth Design! Hope to see you in Atlantic City!, i would love to win an Xbox!, I Can Haz Cheezburger in Paradise., If I could I would just take a day trip... Just go somewhere where the sun is shining and the birds are singing. Just to lift my spirits., Did you know snooki outlast tweeted me, True. Good question. Another idea/tip: good to have them run in packs (at least one friend) if possible., Thank you! That is a pretty side of Scotland., working on getting that on our website within a week, “: Single life is like the shit!.!.! It's like 100% my way, what I want. I'm finally number one for once! #ohyeah”, changing my old ways in new ways 1 day at a time., Have you looked at our new website. Lennar.com take a look and let us know what you think. Also make sure to check us out on Facebook., ok first tell JC hi. 2nd I swear we are all mixed up in sports. Softball? Or is downtown archery a sponsor?, I will definitely enjoy myself. Hope I can do more than just sleep. . ., There she is! :), And they are glorious RT : But Kentucky is losing 0% of their White Boy Academy members,, Oh for sure, Friday works. :), awl I see, The amount of anger building up inside of me is unhealthy... <U+E416>, Muppets is a very fun-for-all-ages flick, and pretty smart, to boot. Do it!, RT I'm the one with the magic :: eyes rolling:: Lmao NIGGAS!!, Maddy Bratty, i know it. he bored me to sleep!, It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals, Check out my new column, Last I Checked, at www.channel3000.com, My phone keeps crashing... Sorry, I'd just got it back up and then it crashed as I sent a text to you., oh, I see! You should do a blog. Even though I'd probably be the only one watching. Lolololol or Skype some fans, "Cardinal fans are the worst." -, No doubt he's in the starting lineup. RT : quick poll: Rondo: out for the season or geared up for game 4?, That awkward moment when your better at MW3 than your brother..., Will I get any credit if I predict the next civil war?, "Cone of Shame" = UNHAPPY Kitty. Warning there will B retribution on those who take advantage. Think the dog is in serious trouble., My draw something... Well it's burgerkingofthebeach, Checked out Equinox in Marina Del Rey. Wonderful facility, worth the cost!, After termoil and issues... I am finally ready for ASL 201!! Cannot wait!!!!!! :-D :-D, We r at the beginning of the evolution of change in the medicine, sport, & fitness industries. Embrace it! In data we trust!, hey girl!! :D hows AZ treatin' ya...& when are you coming to LA!?, “: “: This "pretty girl" is a buttaface. Js” DON'T HATE HER CUZ SHE BEAUTIFUL” omfg, wow h8 life, order me some too. Thanks, should get excited for what TheWife and I have for his big 3-0., Volunteers give a family more time w/their child..more hugs, kisses & "I love yous." Looking 4wd 2 celebrating our volunteers 2nite!, This officiating is getting bad. Davis get hacked every time he goes to the basket., damn i look away n look back n the heat down 3, follow me??(:, take an hour to treat your body, mind and soul. I recommend a glass of wine while taking a bath., My moms playing Logos Quiz and she cant even spell the name of the car she drives.., Made shrimp burritos for dinner. Not as good as #Mexico, but the next best thing!, Jake and Amir, the funniest ish ever..., "Oh he's damn foxy", Im ready for vacation to be over, but not ready to go back to class... #BERKLEEONAMONDAYMORNING -__-, Sadly, there was no #Frenchhornsolo at tonight's Symphonic Rock Show. However, there was plenty o' backing up to do! Fun show!!, crying because he's perfect and we can't have him., “: Am I the only one who'd trade Westrbrook for CP3?” I'd do that in a second, Seattle in two days. I've never been so excited to go someplace that's 25 degrees cooler., poop where's that?, obesity as disease v. Result of feeding behav misses concepts of drive, conditioning & choice w/ exogenous & end factors, Isaiah 1:17 "...Defend the cause of the fatherless...", Hahaha no my aunt works for a brewery and she gets free tickets for Riverbend all the time (:, Stand your ground or they will tear you down, 16 year old boys are faggots!!!, Having an early dinner date with Louie, and the restaurant is playing a lot of Justin Timberlake. , make more music, please? :), its all good, it gave me something to do on break haha, Super excited for a lunch meeting I have today!, Sveum hire = Ricketts going to overpay for Prince Fielder. Wait for it., Need some excitemnet!!! Have been a bit board lately., Cant wait till i get my new snapbacks, **www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic American Songwriter & Music Connection Magazines, Billboard Magazine Finalists, BEKA & GIN HALL HUSTLERS, how fun! We'll guess it's John, and if it is, tell him we say hello!, Why do Latin Americans always have to segregate themselves from the rest of the world. We all love 1D too. Geez., Red Tag Sale COMING SOON! Stay Tuned :), I'm really worried about those split-second mistakes you can't undo like crashing your car or accidentally opening iPhoto., But even I don't know about all that spice crap, That bike has brought nothing but trouble it seems. Glad you are ok, Goodnight. Swag. Love you guys., thx for the shout out!, Thx for the RT. Almost done here. I hope you're coming to Renegade Craft Fair at Palmer Events Ctr. next wknd., It's BARGAIN THAT YOU CAN OATH FOR. I think you can find a way to make it work, dumb bitch, Yeah...me too. Somebody should alert him that his twitter account has hacked!, Now that I know the real reason I can capitalize, the NL east might actually be the best division. besides the AL east, What was the attendance?, Dead tired, i love when positive biz growth happens to a beloved, dear colleague :) love the name change! congrats. lookin' fwd to Oct 1, Thanks for sharing, These #knicks better show up to WIN tonight! We need every victory before saturday, loco!!, you can do Qt with #python!!, Omg, I am so stupid -.- I plugged in the charger to my phone last night, & I went to check it this morning, it wasn't even charging! ;(, Man its been a min!!! I can't wait til the 5 o'clock, why does she tweet you but not her other fans, YOLO man!!! Yeaahhh party all night yeeahhh!!! #ThumbsDown *fart noise with my mouth* ....idiots., Or .. lol. But seriously ima text you, Big day at work today!, Great speaking with of ClickZ this morning. Kate, your time is always appreciated., good news is they renewed parenthood., I KNOW!!! Ahh look at our boys! Haha, Great to hear Randy. We're working up the Malvern Hill Battle App right now., RT OCCUPY THE PUMPKIN PATCH, CHARLIE BROWN, sounds great! Time?, awww I lik how justin has time to reply to his amazing fans.. Dat support him. I <3 justin., I like prank calling my Babe ;) :P, hey fluffy vato I kno a place for some bomb azz #Tacos when ur here in #Denver ill buy just hit me up, Now that's something you would never see in t-ball., So, Books and Culture is a magazine and therefore has its ups and downs like any other. (1/4), Day almost ruined by unexpected medical bills (nothing crazy). Day saved by the Health Savings Account I almost forgot about. Phew., "#OneThingIDontLike Niall & Latinas" ...that's how I read the trending topics., That shit nasty., new to twitter and just learned about it on the news, Cool were playing at the door in dallas with chiodos oh sleeper falling in reverse attack attack and more you should go :), where are you?, You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can’t have it. Robert Anthony, Broncs march into John Foxborough and walk out with another W. What time do Ravens-Broncos play next week?, The receiver is as bad as the thief., Happy St Patty's Day friends!, #PickupLinesThatDontWork hey I noticed you're wearing pants... cool..., What's the official hashtag for this event?, #musiclib2010 Hot Topic #3: Music libraries merging with general collections, or the threat thereof., RT Great! My hot neighbor Karen just saw me in the toilet paper aisle at the supermarket! Now she's gonna know I shit!, well u need to go back to bed lol, folks need to check in at Registration first, then come to Exhibition space. Exhibits are behind trade show., The leg is still way tender, but the ACE Bandage helps. May finally get back to work Monday. This is hellish, for me, being crippled., New asphalt on 8th makes driving to work a joy. Whee, silky smooth!, oh my god u sexy O_O, My pleasure! <3 ": Glad to know you're out there doing helping the cause!! Thanx!!”, I hope you are having a good weekend, and things got better :), Special S/O to & for making an appearance at on Friday!, Ahh my bad I thought I was I followed you :), “If it ain't broke, don't fix it' is the slogan of the complacent, arrogant or scared. It's an excuse 4inaction" - ColinPowell, If you're dream is different than everyone else's, it doesn't matter. Just go for it., Just let me muh fuckin love you, oh u look ridiculous wheres your suit?, Pop is my weakness. That and skittles., thanks Martin! It plays pretty nice!, Remember that it is far better to follow well than to lead indifferently, So sore... Oh well, off to class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>, Came home from the hospital, now watching magic beyond words :), With that said I partnered with to bring a eye openning event with HipHopDX to on 5/24 , who will partake???, for sure. I'm free until 5pm you time, hope you have a fun baby shower ¢ xoxo :), .....greatest of all time!!! Hands down, Finally falling asleep<3, I have impeccable timing., did you like Croatia when you were there filming heart vacancy? :), Well the "Royals" are already parasites, so a killer virus isn't such a leap - England's greatest #WELFARE recipients., You just said there was two people on your twitter?, I know where a Brazilian Steak. But we know how do CINCO DE MAYO! Drink specials, free food on the patio.wwwsalgrosso.com, thanks you for fallowing ! :), And that's just the tip. wait to you see your schedule bout to add it to ur gmail in an hour., “: $50? RT Please tell him he still owes me $50” yes... An entire fifty. He had a hole in his pocket I tried tomend, Send me SKYPE names (: !, hey hows you? :), OMG such a hard choice !!!!!!!!! Umm i cant pick between them.., if u look, dress, act like a slore, thats wat ppl will view u as and treat u like., Desire a #nude discount vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts, ellie likes to sit on my shoulder.... i put her back in my lap, and she just climbs right back up!, will do., hey thanks for all the support ! i think we'll be coming through AZ sometime in march..., But on the other side of the Mississippi? The WORST eyebrows. Just the worst., Actually, #MugglesMullet is the inspiration for women to reach orgasm., Sorry Philly Tweeps retweeted incorrect info: Event website says LET THEM EAT CAKE event was LAST Week on April 2nd, Dear , please don't cancel Parks & Rec. WE NEED MORE KNOPE!!! Best cast on TV, gotta bring it back for a million more seasons!, Well keep it in mind if for the final space shuttle set, thank u Pam!, Why didn't immortal song invite piggy doll into the show?., Paying for that nap after teaching 7 lessons today. Was tired but now I can't think about sleeping, how was your day ?, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> and on the weekends?, Anyone out there that frequents Bop on State Street that I could interview for a story I'm writing??, Hello Sterling how are you? :), Wont pay the poll tax...i mean the toll tax, would def. be interested in dad's feedback; I'm an intern at the museum & might be interested in writing a blog post, etc, Chattanooga Standout Signs With Georgia Northwestern Hixson’s Boyd Inks With Cats Country, Want tickets to Book of Mormon? A friend has had great success with last minute tix on StubHub., SB45 Biz Lesson # 17: Honor the legends of the game., - thanks! No idea what will happen next..., Of my last 53 comic purchases, 28 were , 16 were , 6 were , and 3 were Other. Huh. - DvL, haha hot to trot. Isn't that a saying or something?, Ditto, it hurt me so bad to see them wreck the one at the end of The Fast and The Furious :( clean black, so sick, The children are in battle mode this afternoon. (sigh). Okay, let's do this..., lol I know. Who's driving?, “: To all Miami Heat fans/supporters/sympathizers: We're in a fight. Don't call me. #knicksin7” FYI people!, I know, I would rather watch on 50 inches of high def., Thanks, bro. I'm just along for the ride., Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time., Good Morning :), You Smilin For What Reason.?, Being with my mom and grandma together is so draining I swear <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>, Did you know GWBush ordered CIA to shut down ops to locate Bin Laden in 2006 ? #Inconvenient FACT for the Lying Reich Wing, you must have gone to a good school where the property taxes were high..., Martin fucking hilarious, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU HOPE YOU HAVE WONDERFUL TIME ON YOUR BIRTHDAY YOUR SO AMAZNG <33333, The rumors are true. I do moonlight as a cat., sometimes it happens., no you pervert, thank you for all of you 235 Following me. :), I would get a mosquito bite on my nipple -____-, AP Gov review on C-SPAN. Channel 14 on comcast., My Mama always said "It hurts to be beautiful" :) I think she was just 2 tired to brush my hair carefully, but who knows :), Tyra banks and drake are dating? PAHAHA! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, My girl is letting me drive her very pretty convertible BMW around LA while she's at work! I feel like Persian Barbie., SWAG stands for Secretly We Are Gay...I dont know about u but a guy who spends hours on his hair and does his eyebrows sounds kinda gay., THE BIGGEST STUPID HOE AWARD GOES TO......, Finally home from work!! <3, If you know my name I'm not replying to your "hey you"... & you're rude for that., Bored in spanish, I miss the beaches there, the sunsets are magnificent!!!, My family is coming in town. Staying at my house. NO WAY! Hooked them up with suites at Quality Inn DIA for $50 nite Crystal at 303-371-5300, For anyone that lives under a rock, the new and song dropped. And it's epic. Get on it!, Speeding home so I can go for a run before the sun goes down. Taking hills so fast my stomach drops., Follow for more Water Music Info, Stuck in traffic on way to Solheim cup, flat battery on car rental delayed me this morn, now taken an hour to do 1 mile. 3miles to go. :-(, My Spanish teacher just gave me a doughnut, Hella bomb! #Winning!, you bet we will if we get a break between classes! Otherwise, we hope our parents will!, at talking about twitter, It's a type of morning., crystal meth ha, lots of sirens and helicopters E of Hamilton. Scanner doesn't have much. Have you heard anything?, Kind of waiting to take pictures after I'm unpacked. New desk doesn't come in till May 3, so I'm living out of boxes till then., lol, I'm disappointed Twitter didn't print the full name but converted it to a link instead, Thanks! RT great job on Easy to forget how far you've come. Keep up the good work., Hey you. How's motherhood? Miss ya., It's one of those rare nights when I don't need the whispering television on in order to fall alseep...goodnight world., At school and I just ripped my fucking pants!!!!!!!!!!!, Kids stay in trouble!!, Shoutouts to ! they rock!, Thanks for the RT!, Learned a new code shared amongst the Rangers...GTL,Gym. Tan. Laundry., That awkward moment when your little brother has a girl friend and your still single.., Ready af for summer get off babpets june 4 gonna be blowed out in those few weeks of summer school lmao, I too was #jokes-ing. Mostly., somebody come slide on me and my brogod, we play two back to back!! only like, 5-8 bones, we'd love to see you :), Not very nice weather today, but at least the cool temps are good for all you marchers out there! Hope you have great shows this weekend!, Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature. She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson, I love the people that donate to ASPCA on the phone late at night while eating beef jerky. "I only save the cute animals". (too preachy?), I'll be cheering for UofL to beat Florida., maybe because Yo has a double already off of Happ?, OMC amazing #RT Elvira just spanked my ass raw w/my riding crop...which I gifted to her loveliness, Someone stole my cute welcome mat that gave me! I'm livid! Karma is a BITCH and so is the ratchet person who took it!, I love working out and women, but i am a #nerd at heart. cant wait for some, You are probably right. Tho leaving out "Is he black/white?" question before "He looks black" statement is particularly wicked., On the dock of that bay, servin' a life sentence. Even if i go to hell, I'm gonna make an entrance., That awkward moment when a bug flies into your eye and you have literally no idea what to do about it., must suck to get burned, sounds good, What state do you think the next record Whitetail will come from?, Kate Hudson and Sarah Jessica Parker will be guest starring on Glee next season. Does anyone care about Glee anymore?, amen! I ditched Safari, my first post-IE browser, for Love it!, Haha, basically working with the labor departments to improve their organizations, make sure workers' rights are followed, etc, at Pound Ridge Harvest Festival. Learned that it's the first ever such festival. hum.....…, Just arrived to in Chantilly, VA, Stacy Keibler () is hosting the VIP Party at SUPERDRAFT on August 27. It's going to be a memorable night..., I miss you miss freckles, does that mean the person is honest only part of the time?, El Bulli: Cooking in Progress kicks off it's theatrical run tomorrow EB also available tom. w/ PPR & Digital Site Licensing!, The Hunger Games was the sh***t everyone go watch it even if you haven't read the book it was a cool movie <U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E>, I went to Wal-Mart to buy shampoo. Spent $150 and forgot the shampoo, I'm done trying. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, "One look at a good Bank account will make you lose yo girl", Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking – “Second, Pretend you are just chatting with a group of friends.”, So fuckin tired...., I've been out of my Twitter account with a few technical difficulties. Last night I got back in to the #NewTwitter, but I miss Tweetdeck., But I'm into travel PR and consumer marketing. We should keep in touch! When are you graduating?, I didn't even slap you that hard tho -_-, What is your greatest fishing memory?, . And then Reagan proceeded to gin of fears of the Soviets in order to justify ballooning defense spending., why are you so pretty!? xoxo, Any tracks you purchase for your Mac, iPad, iPhone etc WILL be compatible with Windows when we release that. No worries!, with who?, Holy crap. That. Looks. Amazing., Starting work at 10:15 is the most inconvenient time possible. Have to get there at 8:45 or be late., Dude I just listened to "Unfriend You" and I loved it! Such an awesome song! Keep up the mantastic! (Which is a word I made, Videos posted thanks to Ducky Doolittle, lmfao , yes dude . Omg , he's Trash !, Lemon Haze opened up my sinuses, Send some martini's to Milwaukee!, I bet, I have an iron deficiency I think I deserve some red meat., good job bosses, RT: Tomorrow's #mediachat guest is and topic will be SM from a, TweetDeck.... you are dead to me. Hello Seesmic., Or rather, I wouldn't have photoshopped them OUT!, Last report from was Edgerton up 3-2 after four at Brodhead in softball., His dad better give that kid an ass whooping, kid threw a no hitter today 18 k's Atta boy chape, "You REALLY need your hair thinned," says my mother, who has threatened to kill me for the last ten years for wanting to do just that..., happy mothers day, mom!, I need just like 4 more hours in my day. I'm going set my clock back to noon. That's how that works right. Thought so., Third period underway!, A Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommy's, #Social Media 101 - Watch the 4 minute #video by #Socialnomics and join the revolution www.easysocialnow.com, #ff they seem untroubled by the autograph seekers in the background :), damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!, Seriously... These adults and their child talked throughout the WHOLE movie..., Amile Jefferson set to pick a school at 4 pm today, Expected To Choose Duke Or NC State, but considering UK!, Hubby and I get a date night tonight! So looking forward to it., I will I cant wait for the day I get to meet you in person!<3, i did! hot french neighbor is hot!, In the event you view an entire thing it appears that it is always wonderful., RT : If the nonbeliever does not see himself as a creature, he will invariably assume the position of God...- Van Til, I feel like I really messed up with #oomf I see her in the hallway and she just gives me that look smh, Yess, we should meet them together! & keep intouch. Madison shy? He seems so WILD. LOL., I was wild last night. end of story, RT : ... Well.. At least there is college hockey! Come down to tonight for free superfan tees!, Lol Goofy . ill Try !, Twitter reenactment?, That being said, I'm now going to watch Deathly Hallows Part 2., I made consuelo take my chicken meat off the bone for me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, I know you love her more than me, but I can't take all the cuteness!!, There are so many FAKE people around nowadays. it's hard to trust anybody., D-Backs batting Blomquist leadoff. Ned can't beat that for bad managing., Gestamp N.A. to reopen W.Va. plant, supply Honda and Ford, report says Supplier Gestamp North America plans to invest at least $100 milli, RT : Reports are that a basket/box was attached to balloon... but obviously it wasn't there when the balloon landed., R.I.P to the great Whitney Houston :(, Tell us how you really feel homie. Lol RT If I had a dollar for every Fuck I gave about some people.. Id be broke, I told them I'd stick around til they could replace me. I still want to be able to go back and drink there. Haha., Got Dam I just got pulled over and I'm riding dirty, If you are what you eat then Voldemort is a unicorn, I can't lose you like I've lost everyone else., it's a good & will get better. My main issue is not being able to modify sharing/privacy., hey babes beautiful mother fucker true love god damn gorgeous cumdump hunny bunny, im ok twitter mum sick of not sleeping tho x, whenever i try to make a status about you, you go offline. gah, Shooting myself rn., Impressed with m-learning capabilities, just not sure how to best use it, Im very affectionate verbally ad physically o yes especially physically : ), If your reading this choke on 1, You fucking bitch...., Phone companies, forget the apps, you really want to be ahead of the pack? Simple: The unsend SMS button! That is all., Label which one?, *A fight about to happen outside their house* White Person: Oh no, I have to call the cops ! Black Person: WOOOORLDSTAAAAAR!!!, in church, article is awesome as usual!!!!, #SignsYouLostAFight the person your fighting starts taking your jewelry..lmao, You've got the moves that make me sweat. You've got a voice that makes me breathless., omg you were in the skate girl island episode of zeke and luther. COOL its on right now. :), what i didnt see them and i was watching this the hole time.!, Attention Librarians: west of the Anaheim convention center there is a street named West Dewey Drive. Perfect photo op!, Isn't it funny how the Reich wing's crusade to "save families" is actually tearing families apart?, So much to do before I leave town tomorrow and I don't want to do any of it., I'll just run off to Scandidinavia and be happy., Feature Film (Virginity) rehearsals and shooting are going well, and I have a commercial audition and a commercial callback for tmw :), Love those skype's that keep you smiling all night. :) #WhatisthisfeelingIcall...yes ;), Managing and DJing at Bar Louie Water St. Brunch Launch tomorrow at Bar Louie Bayshore, Next week Brunch at Water St. Menu is amazing., Getting ready to head down to the Capitol Club - DJing there with DJ Verse tonight. Come down and have a drink with us!, HAHAHAHA nah, coz they don't appreciate real value!, is the merch from the efss tour going to be available online? (please though omg), please reply to my tweet. I love you so much. you are beautiful and just awesome, My man is shouting out all the woman that are true sports fans and I immediately thought of you :), Thank you so much, girl! :) We did!, Need name brand salon products at an affordable price? New shipment just in, Give us a call, your hair and wallet will thank you!, Foundations paper officially done! Time to start working on WC paper. Done on 12/13 with Fall 2011! YAY!, haha, was she talking to you? or on the phone? she forgot about 'hasta la vista baby', RT How powerful would it be to have mainstream education community advocate for #museums? Let's do it!, GO ON BREAK AT WORK,Get BEAUTIFUL MONCHELE CANDIDS. FALCHUK BLESS AMERICA. EVERYTHING IS BEAUTIFUL CANT BREATHE. EVERYDAY WE'RE MONCHELE-IN, you are brave!!, you are very pretty(:, We can now claim to have passed through the correlationist circle., Everybody that has a jersey, put the letters ROD behind the name and wear it. #bushrod is stayin, RT : highlights how many recip countries have economies growing at 6% or more despite development challenges, you are awsome, just thought I'd say that okay bye :), you guys were honestly the best performance last night!<3 Couldn't be any prouder! Never again in the bottom 2!, but no walking dead makes me a sad zombie :[, 2 more days... i cant... its to long, I agree :( Let's change that soon?, I'm about to kill some one, Bill McDermott, Co-CEO & Member of 's Exec Board, takes the stage in 10 min to deliver today's final keynote, Use of Wireless Handsets to Text Message and Engage in other Forms of Communication While Driving, This weak ass WiFi signal at work :-/, Vince Young signed with the Bills good for him, does anyone know his dogs name?, Newsflash: Jumping rope hurts my balls., Brain dead tonight sorry., Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough - Gustave Flaubert., Rent to Own Electronics Furniture Computers starting at $19.99 per week PLUS TWO FREE WEEKS on Friday, Nov 26th. Sale starts 10am, RT BREAKING: UN atomic agency report notes Iran rapidly expanding activity that could be used for arms., - to hurt us., Roger that!, Had a extra nice nite wit him last nite it scared the shit out of me that i might really like this dude, So thankful for good conversation with and God giving me a future husband who pours sweet,God-given wisdom into me, FREE COFFEE TOMORROW!, FOLLOW ME LIZZ(:, In VT SAFE-T schools show positive change in adult support, knowledge of sexual abuse & bystander intervention. Call BCAC to offer 4u, Showers always make me feel awesome., then hes gonna need to get like 10assts a game. we cant have a huge dropoff in team offense while lawson rests, so much wonderful technology!! @, What was the date again? I'm sorry! lol, totally forgot!, welcome back you classy fellow,, The US just wasn't the same without you and your Australian swagge <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>, Ali made me pinky promise not to eat sushi until my birthday!!!, yep! And I just dowloadef the twit app too. Getting rid of the other one., sheldon is going to poop himself, that's all i know., Haters are my motivators. Thanks for the inspiration ;), yes Micah, I'm sure. Haha, About to head into a publishing meeting looking at some possible 2013 titles. A nice mix of periods and subjects proposed!, "TORNADO DRILL!! HOWEY'S HERE!!", Highlight of last night was my friend Nicole winning Zamboni driving lessons. She had that on her bucket list. :), Thanks for the follow! We're trying to promote the idea that views extend beyond labels!, RT Want to get the most out of your workout? DO eat a balanced diet., omg! Hahahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> it's meant to be!, If Tebow goes,so do I and my season tickets. Been a fan since 77 but can't fathom mistake of letting best winner since you leave., Spending the day in NYC., fucking ants crawling to my pipi., Anyone interested in agirls afternoon? Stay tuned info soon, what was your favorite superstar when you was kid, It's funny when people ask "how was your new year?" I know what they mean but come on, we're only 3 days into 2012..., Great interview with Ron!, After all that, I still got my A boarding pass :), Tax day is tomorrow and DD has something for ya! We'll be @ the main post office on Sunset/Paradise from 4-6 p.m. tomorrow w/ free goodies!, And then that just happened! Can you blame anyone? Get a beer, walk around the park & get home early! :), Wings baby! The Joe is on fire tonight and the Red Wings need this! 3-0 Wings!!, My goodness, even the Oregon's band unis are sharp., I'm so happy your back congrats winning the Diva's champion in your first match back and at a payper view, Thanks for the mention!, Prime East Village true 2 bedroom $2200 available immediately!, When you were sitting next to me? If so, obviously not a narb, Where are you? It is embarrassing that you have not attended a game during the #Dodgers first home stand., 21 days until pitchers and catchers report to Goodyear, Arizona!, Agreed. You need critical mass, and that mass has to come from somewhere., that's not that bad. :), Looks fun, we love your place!, Lots of Fail Whale this morning ... :-(, im bored!, my compassion again I know the feeling very well it is shit, no one cuhss im downloading it MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA!!! kiss my ass :D<3, Savannah & Her Cartoons >>>>>> Especially To Gabba Gabba., Watching the David Beckham underwear com recital and my 4 yo says "that looks like daddy " yeah sure son, that looks like daddy, You guys are twins!?!, FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK!!!, Perhaps, "build schools not jails"?, It's not really a plank, more like a lay down :), Oh that one, no, I know that! I've known you since we were four! :), do it! get all dressed up!, I'm interested. Please dm me., I really appreciate Mariana's Trench and I am so jealous of my new friend for winning bamboozle tickets., Just finishing fabulous NOLA dinner from local chefs organized by Mayor Landrieu, ": the inevitable irony of the music reviewer: judges being judged / reviews being reviewed" just thinkin ths the other day!, #HERESTOALL He said I love you. I sneezed and said Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit., i am getting ready to get a workout in, later i will get ready for my class...have a great day all!!!, TXx Me ASAP My love, things I hate: mosquitos, people who ride their bikes on super low gears, peanuts, Lets see if i can persuade my class that track & field is cool and diverse., that sounds like torture! have you tried using socks?, where the bud at Skinny!, im gonna miss the seniors SO much :\ *sigh*, it's like not even 11am over there. How and why are you up before noon on a Saturday?, Aw Looks like you need a hug Around your neck With a rope. <U+FF61><U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5><U+FF61>, I'm addicted, giiit it girl, Omfg ! The season finale of vampire diaries...was so fucking crazy. Lol i feel like a lil ass kid getting this excited about a show ..., The only country guy I need(:, swag, follow, : Try to get or to give me a shout via Tweet. Mutual peeps said they have been wondering my 20.., Baylor would have won today if it weren't for Kentucky. Otherwise I was right., No interest yet for SISTERS from our customers in Baltimore County, either, Why didn't y'all help me? If it was y'all I woulda helped y'all, You got any leads for shows ?, you back out hun that grate news, articlecheck01: The Flourishing Business Of Online Air Ticket ..., Yes, Chris, it would be so cool if it was my job to make movies. Every day. On set, or planning to be. I want more., Did you hear introduced Segment Builder today. Helping #retailers solve the problem of Big Data. White paper:..., Home Depot's sign says they have "patio pot" for sale. Hm., Try the Roasted Chicken Sammy : whole wheat, chicken, provolone, roasted red pepper, artichoke, pesto mayo!, good! How're you?!, If that's not a bully, I don't know what is... This is sad.. smh, Whoa! our 1500th follower! Thanks to all of #TeamYes Let's GO!, Not yet! LOL!, Just made that midterm my BITCH. Now its time to get ready for my fake date :D, secretariat. Tyler and 11, what is this, go to sleep, #Gators top #LSU in first game of #SEC softball tournament 1-0., Rosa, I'm am environmental specialist for teh federal goverment when i work from home i use my Lenovo for everything., Pretty excited for lunch today Tea House in the Third Ward with !, Welcome to Security Republic's first twitter post. We're a security firm in San Diego and hope to add our voice to social media. Visit us!, At the Eastern Shore....it's practically tropical storm conditions out here!, ”It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.” - Vince Lombardi, mine either. I actually have to click on "mentions" to see anything. It's on multiple apps., God Bless The Jonas Brothers is trending. Ah, I remember when I was an 8 year old crazed fan #Memories ¦Bretana¦, But I have zero hope of a Libertarian approach being able to work within the system to change things for the better in the US., Thanks for the shout out - please return soon!, Dear Hasbro. Please send a representative to my office to receive a punch to the neck. Thank you., Got my almost acoustic christmas ticket! Stoked :], any y'all wanna get breakfast haha, Hey, girl! Miss you too. May's almost here, and that means it's 500 time!, There are two ways to argue with a woman ... Neither works, It's another day in school. Buying a new guitar to practice more :), Why is it that when you can't eat there are so many TV commercials for food?, What is one to do when they're in bed, naked & alone? • tweet, its hard to imagine!, Arden audio is where I go for my business, he has awesome sound systems. Poor guy, The unintended consequence of using GPS as a metaphor for actionable analytics: it implies you don't stop and ask for directions., Whats up! How you been?, CHAP now reviewing the proposed exterior materials to be used in Senator Theatre rehab., Who are the artists that can pull us together? Jerry Patch, People who wishes during 11:11pm. It really doesn't work unless your with someone you like and you tell them to make a wish., HAHAHA your weird..... JUST KIDDING HAHAHHA im just gonna stop laughing :D, Wine Tasting 101: Palate cont: Wood notes, vanilla, toffee, coffee, chocolate. Earth notes. Rocks, minerals, chalk, slate, fertile soils,, Wow! I receive that! Sir this tweet just raised my soul and spirit!!!!!, I live in Birmingham, only 1 hour by rail! My sofa is always welcome to any #Packers fan., On the way to the gym.... (with one eye open), Shared at activism session: Getting together [, connecting and mobilizing] is a feminist act., morning! How are you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>, 37% of people on the #MMAWeb webinar have only used QR codes to go to a URL. There's so much more QR potential w/ !, so when is the new contract party in AZ?, "It's hard to be an angel when you're surrounded by demons..", We provide toiletries, bathing suits, & more 4 kids living in poverty who want to go to camp., um. define "inappropriately excited", I'd say the iPad - you have the flexibility of Kindle, Nook, & iBooks apps w/o having to lock into a single platform., go get it!!, It's time to align our #life to the life of #Christ. #Jesus came as an example of how we are to live including operating in #miracles!, Sweet! I'll be there!, #thatmomentwhen you feel like someone's lying to you but you're afraid to ask them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, The union is crawling in children!!, When #Chuck Norris throws a boomerang, the boomerang does not return because it is scared to come back., LBJ. GOOD NIGHT., here's one for stay-at-home parents/writers: how do you transition from writing to parenting and vice versa? I'm always 0-60 mph! or tot is., Why are restaurants so stupid with the auto-playing music on their websites?!, each of them will perform together, I wish I was best friends with she can have fun in virtually any situation, . My impression as Nook owner: only ebooks bought from B&N store lendable and all B&N ebooks have DRM. Am I mistaken?, Hokey-smoke . Got big money & it ain't no joke. lmao, "Look in there, the Hope Diamond's in there!" --nut pointing at a box in an alley, Seattle, haven't touched it since my BD, but I might drink some Friday night., I haven't tweeted in a while, I'll bet a new bottle of SPF 15 to help work on your roadmaps, as your friend,,not to cop-a-feel, Eating Skittles :3, It should be illegal to be up at 4:30am., Wow these girls at the library kept staring at me. I felt like i was going to be raped or something•.•, Thanks for that wonderful fact! Made my Tuesday :), that explains it. I am on an iPhone, I like Time Machine because I don't have to think about backing up, but I still also use SuperDuper, because I don't quite trust TM., #s12tot hi! I'm at UT-Austin in the school of information. Asst. Prof interested in scholarly information infrastructure, ": Stay Strong Like Demi and put your finger down your throat until your dinner comes up :)" You are so fucking PATHETIC., A thousand thanks for tweeting about us!, omg I can't wonder the pin 2 be stabed, Learning is active; something professionals do - life-long, development passive, done to professionals, You're welcome! Looking forward to your tweets., i wanna watch a movie but i need to finish my homework :(, #ThatMomentWhen someone inboxes you just to annoy you, What a great group! So excited, "The Life of an Entrepreneur". Talked about overcoming the fear of failure, taking chances, and the 5 questions of success., A science experiment in the making! : D, np , love u more <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093> but now i am really sorry i've to go :(, Hey Tweeters! I wish U all a Wonderful Day!, Happy Bday to the dude that woke me up at 2a.m. to sleep on my floor of my bedroom, Any suggestions on where we can get some good pie in #Portland for #PiDay today?, Tells us where and what you ate this weekend in 140 C. or less and we will post it on our blog! Send it in a direct message!!, Thats like...the WORST quote ever lol RT : Wherever you go, there you are. :D, RT : Hey somebody is making really bad things about you..., I got your cupcakes. :), Hope everyone has a wonderful Wednesday!, Like! Very eerie and quietly disturbing photo, Rebecca., mixing the green hornet and the purple kush for some afternoon delight, Seeing first block of Hurricane Season at the Eclectic Co Theatre tonight. Look for me in block 2 in 2 weeks!, Lmao oomf is funny as hell, thought you might have some thoughts on this, Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?! Call/tweet us or just STOP BY! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510 8321100, TONIGHT! Studio At Webster Hall!, Say wat u want about me....my character class and personality speaks for itself ;), my band's on twitter now - - follow us for show schedules and updates!, Benjamin is 13 & can have all dairy thanks to participating in the Baked Milk Study funded by FAI. We are grateful beyond!, An epic of epic epicness., Austin needs to tweet before I go to bed !, #Nuggets have left me exhausted this week. 2 nights up past my bedtime has me sluggish today. I couldn't be happier!, thank you love!!, what the hell?! Really?!, Kinda crazy how similar they are., Quite an inspiring chat tonight. We will visit this topic again and crowdsource ideas. Staytuned!, better....going to jump into the shower and get ready for work....you should be heading to bed soon....talk to ya later..., Go Ireland! Score is 24 to 8 right now! Kicking England's butt! These Irish lads can run!, lol that's pretty funny., RT #YouKnowICareWhen I reply to any of the following... K Lol Lmao Cool Iight Alright Haha Ok Yea Oh : ), oh no. Your crazy., I'm tryna let go of my past., You are welcome & keep up the good work!, It's the final countdown!!!!, It's just heart breaking to see a casket three times smaller than any normal one.. Terrifying even., [P&I 2012 opening] Asia&#39;s largest Photo & Imaging Industry Show to get access to world&#39;s cutting edge equipment, I have been replacing profane words in vocabulary with biscuit... what the biscuit?, Droped the baby off at school/whent to see an old room mate/back 2 the house 2 make the wife breakfast/kiss her off 2 work she gos muahh : ), I need to buy sum veet or nair, Self-paced instruction resource: Engineer Guy: engineerguy.com, the performance is, but if you wanna have a drink we're still up for a drink. R u?, : Heck yeah!!! That one will for sure make it on the new album, 8:05 WIN Country Cash & qualify for the trip to Vegas for the ACM's where U party VIP style w/Urban, Dierks & Luke Bryan!, Music can change ya mood in seconds, #WellDone are you back in the city?, fyi, a side project I did while building TropicMint... my Weather Genie iPad app is #1 overall in France today... cheers, Angry commenter on my blog: "You're naught a sparkle upon the sea." What does this mean? I'm baffled., Back from Indianapolis--tonight, Apostrophe reading of student creative work at Brookside. Come join us at 7:00 pm!, what is the password or the 1D presale Tomrrow and will there be VIP for there Chicago concert 2013 please reply!!!, thanks G!!, RT : Be bad. Stay bad., follow me everyone, 2 years ago I used Great Country Farms. Wouldn't recommend them., With my favorite girl in the whole wide world ! Breeeah (:,, remember like yesterday when that anon told me i'm too annoying to you and i should shut up and i just laughed for five minutes, I would like to congradulate. this is an honor and something to make a big deal of., haha word! we still gotta make that record mang!, #Melo is struggling right now but Smith and Fields are stepping up! Gotta keep that going till Melo gets his shot going!, S/O to my brotha cousin, wat u on, come on home Chicago has better weather at least we are in the 50's. Great game last night. You guys got them now BELIEVE!, I love that movie., Going to be updating tonight about teen hoot ! Follow also :) - Lydia, Shout out to , , for a night of excitement, drama and waiting...and waiting...., survival of the fittest , respect my come up ., My phone is so slow:/, Are you okay?, lmao. What happens on those days?, JLA Pets Elephant Skin Bolster Lounger 19 by 29-Inch Dog Bed, Tan, Happy Friday everybody <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, looking forward to the performance tonight!, Forever Whitney.....Simply AMAZING!! Wish I had been in town for the show! Wow. Just beautiful., I was leaning toward geek, but Pi as a nerd movie put me back in the middle. I LOVE PI!, i'ma fight my mom before i graduate .. #NoLie i'ma ask her for my 15, I Ain't A Dumny Lol You The Dummy That Can't Spell Lol Jp, Haha Y U SO SUCK!? ALL TIME., who was your favorite celebrity to dance for?, R/T #follow he will #followback #loyalty #success also follow and, "A smile confuses an approaching frown." -Unknown, Cant decide btw listening to or at 11am today. Pretty sure I already know Jim's angle on the OKC gm tho.., Toptional is taking Vegas over. Let's get to it!, Lifting boxz is a workout!, David Wiley: Education is sharing., so over this wedding project, OMG HenryNews only posted one update!!! Now that's News, Won 1 mil chip pot against other biggest stack at table with Aq vs ?? On JT3K6, villain c/c whole way after I call his open in pos, Absolutely. The NFL needs a handout? RT It's time taxpayers stop funding stadiums for fabulously wealthy sports team owners., See you at the fair on September 2nd!!, #YouShouldn't be too cocky, its a #TurnOff sometimes.., Everytime I think about the trying times in my life I hear God telling me it's going to get better! One more time ft, Who wants to see my performance of "Rocket Ride"? New Video Being Posted to Youtube Shortly!, even tho she be she be demanding some times, is there good music to be found at any stadium?, my Friday the 13th sucked. rip grandpa. I love you<3, I'm ready for summer so I can see 1D and BTR again! Aughh!, Everyone follow. Cutie, Hoping for some real spring soon, blizzards are fine for winter, but not in March!!!, I'm 10 feet away from Radiohead and I feel my life being complete., So the quest for info begins... Sigma out..., : How about partnering up w/ to make "Text-to-Pay" Rent possible for Renters?, School is closed next Monday, September 5th, for Labor Day. Classes resume Tuesday - have a great, long weekend!, No! Love working w/ u & know u will go somewhere great. “: I can't say how much this sucks! Sad beyond what I can express.”, I have an 10 yr old 4 yr old stepson an twin girls on the way, that calls for celebration! Ole!, phocus color output is dead on vs. iphoto., This Is Gunna Be Our Year. #JustSaying :), in the crowd at Bulls vs Hornets., You give to get, I am all that's left, #brewers Loved seeing Robin Yount doing the #beast mode. What a fun theme that has really taken off and become its own marketing machine, Reading Lush Times makes me want every single bath bomb. Is it too late to add to my Xmas wish list?, Have you been house shopping lately?, of her giving dirty looks to JB fans, like where can I find it?, im done!, My god. If you thought the human food industry was fucked up, start Googling where your dogs food and treats come from..., I don't think it matters how religious you are, or aren't - the Bible really is the best place to go to for advice, I may look sweet but don't fuckin underestimate me cuz I'll fuck u up no questions asked, Getting irritated..., I love my job today. Happy clients, happy designers all around!, Confucius say... Boy who go to bed with sex problem on mind...wakes up with solution in hand., On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :Why were there many eggs underground in Shibuya?, I seem to be more attracted to older women, Dude just dropped the eff bomb #oscars WTF there are kids listing to this bullshit, Greys Anatomy:Why did Alex just call April "Apes"?, Hoping the wifi signal in the conference hall is stronger than in my room, Erica's getting ready to interview snowboarding rising star Kevin Pearce. Any questions for him???, When they say get em I'm get em., Leaving on a jet plane with Can't wait for home sweet cold!, I made hella lot of new friends this week.Ppl say im funny 0:, Planning a trip to LA with them lol SMH to all the fake people out there and to the idiots who allow ppl to be fake to them, haha, now THAT is how #FF is done! ;) greatness huh? You are too kind! Look fwd to seeing u in ATL in 2 weeks!, you hoes know each other?, good morning Austin , from your friendly Johnson jags (; hope you see this .(: <U+2764> we're getting ready for #school -_________-, even if poker was a game of luck, why can't ADULTS gamble! (even though I believe in the skill factor) FREE CHOICE to do with my money!!!!, Don Fehr's history suggests he gets paid by the strike/lock day. Must be a wealthy man!, Yes. Indeed. Except like my pin says, "it's all fun and games until someone doesn't get the sarcasm.". Or maybe not., It was! I have a pretty good memory. (Tho' my mom swears I loved Dark Shadows as a toddler and I don't recall that.), DROPPING SOME #DUBSTEP TUNE IN! www.xradio.biz click listen live HOUSE!, When need to have a star party now! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>, did you rush the field??, I saw it and thought of you., do you have the stuff to process your own? If not, I'd recommend for your B&W good price for process+scan ($10), I bet it was bananas in Lexington tonight. Coming to Oregon next week?, i got the new Swagbar and i love the radio feature!, need your email address. hit me up privately, #Santorum: "Radical feminists undermined the traditional family & convinced women that professional accomplishments are the key to happiness, Who's ready for some Cheesecake?? We're celebrating National Cheesecake Day in the kitchen. Watch live at 9!, Happy mothers day to my mom, Enjoy the well deserved vacation!, yeah , well . Today's THE WORST DAY EVER. and I want her back .., well) thank you!, Had to take a night off from retouching to work on my other business. Back to Photoshop tonight, Will trade COM t-shirt for one (1) kangaroo. When are you back in the States?, Nothing but a bunch of BS!, Off to the studio, then the aquarium., 50 percent of the battle is getting started and the other 50 is getting finished!!!?, yep. Came back a couple of weeks ago., Need coffee, a croissant, and patience. Today is going to be a long one., I want some zaxbys!!!, Friggin spammers/hackers!, Yurp. I have a link for them on my page too., she seems great lol, I'm dreaming of a world where Action Method apps by integrate with - where all my reference stuff lives., Coming Up: 8th Annual Roadhouse Brewfest at Cornelius Pass Roadhouse on July 11th. Come sample 8 ales, live music, food specials and more!, I knew Alito wouldn't show, This is Alex (co-founder of wcw). I'm on a flight to Austin for our launch event tomorrow. Can't wait. It's gonna be awesome., Pitchers of Newcastle Brown Ale and Sierra Nevada for free. IS THIS REAL LIFE?!?!?!?!, today i don't feel like doing anything.. i just wanna lay on my bed<3, When your bored, creativity strikes, uh, yes! Come to Oklahoma! Or DC!, I am really interested in your tweets, but the links aren't working, yess what do you mean???, senior prank at local high school on news... they put all the tables and chairs on the roof overnight... no idea how they pulled it off LOL, Skinny girls can shake they ass too! Shoot"LOL, I wish she would hurry and break up with him already so I can go to sleep though..., Ok so TUSD is being really stupid they want to cut the music programs from schools and the only thing thats keeping the grades up in the ..., Fantastic job Scotty, you should be very proud of yourself, you were a natural., steven shared it with me. it was just too good to keep to myself! you're welcome. ;), You don't know what love is, you just as you're told., - if the Heat play to their potential no one can beat them. They need the support players to do well - Miller, Battier, etc., OH: "I thought for sure 's job at was to model his hair for logo updates.", My man is puttin on A CLINIC right now on XM 47!!!!!, I don't think the robots would like that very much. I'd like to avoid provoking them if at all possible., Did you know: The cornea is the clear (window) part in the front of the eye. It allows light to pass through to come to focus on the retina., You guys are awesome, best of luck to you!, probably but my guess is you'll have to throw in a hot dog., Im sick of football season bring on my boys in pinstripes =), #confession I've grown up a lot in the past year.., “: Swoon Friday”where at?, MATCH ME ONE IM DOWNTOWN... : Who tryna blow? I'll pull up with it., happy mothers' day, The unexpected causes reaction, which causes creativity, which causes a decision, which causes change. + or - ? It's up to you..., Half my time in jersey bars is spent figuring out why these people have a problem with me. The other half is spent trying to find the women., al brown 14 south rowan 0, Researching Food History - Cooking and Dining: Burnt Custard, whatcha up to?, Where were you w Bush was running debt to 11 trillion? Where were you melt down in 08 when more debt was charged off to O, After my workout I discovered a wormhole in the fabric of time- my shower. What I thought was 5min was really 40min. Now running late 2 mtg., Our Features:, Totally enjoying all these tweets from other alesana addicts on here :), corporate gifts for the anniversary of the crash! nice., Piece by piece into the measure of your flesh., ok that's a fucking great name for a bloody. What's it got for a garnish? a lobster head?, You know youre a redneck if youve ever watched Jerry Springer, Ah jade is been too long, The waters rising! Come check out the new close water views today!, RIT and Mercyhurst scoreless after one., Thanks! It has been very useful. Pictures sell a space better than anything. Can always add contributors... :-), I'm more accurate with my pump action pellet gun, You can choose to swim in your sorrows or choose to NOT blame the universe and take life by the reins. No matter the bad theres ALWAYS good, My fingers they inching they itching form that paper, #NSRC2012 awesome to see engines firing at this year's flight provider updates!, It's Cinco de Mayo! Celebrate with $2 Cerveza !, ...not related to Kim Kardashian....she's a whore, I already pre-ordered 's #Trespassing but it's not here fast enough, so I just went ahead and got in on iTunes =), Mystery bruises drive me crazy. Where did I get these huge black and blues from? Ouch!, Thank you again for helping us with our PRESENTATION!!! YOU DID A GREAT JOB!! SUCH A BEAUTIFUL GIFT YOU HAVE, Life has a way of working things out. Timing is everything., Go get it;...stop playing and go get your blessing*, My name is doctor kent, I teach math 234 and this me not giving a fuck about your grade, Big lips are a turn on ;) lol, I hope not. But it helps. There isn't one way. One way is for religion., watching giuliana and bill and all this cancer talk is hitting so close to home., Goodnight to Japan have a nice day to US, Okay so I cant see my mentions...and I forgot who I talked to a week ago....im sad., Great album!, thank you!!, It has just now set in..., Thanks Kendal! That's great advice. I'll be sure to mention it tomorrow., haha i was the drug dealer., World Cup Final today at 11:30! Come in to Fox and watch it on our 3 10' screens!, What's the name for the still image that's frozen onscreen prior to hitting play on a YouTube (or any other) video service?, i dont even know how to pronounce that......., phones dead, where is it???, This is a great idea EG. Can any non-profits use this service?, Hey Hon how are things going???, Probably pirated., "Like Justin Bieber"? NEVER HEARD THAT., Okay, John Cena acting constipated was semi-funny., More good things coming @ www.d3xsoft.com working on a playable sneek peak! Stay tuned!, Great job!, Today's beard...Lew Wallace. Check it out bearded (and non-bearded) friends. Greatbeardsofhistory.com, lol I'm asking my mommy if her pass works, "Try not to become a man of success but a man of value." -Albert Einstein, HawthorneBV will be serving the Hertiage Menu on Monday, Labor Day. Drop by to enjoy some .99 cent cheeseburger and $1.29 shakes., When this song come on I'm cookin chicken, Carly rea jepson playing at earth bar.. Reminds me I need to call, Smingus Dingus day tomarrow for all my fellow polaks. ;), Not everyone who accesses you sees you on TV. Still think it've been better to have SATURDAY in header of the page., I've got my sights set on you, and I'm ready to aim., Chillin with George...George of the Jungle!, My little Florida sunshines just bought land in Elma to build a house !!!! Excited is not even the word <U+2600><U+2764>, I love my bio family., Thank you Mohammad RT : A customer service from a whole new planet ;), hey hey just working hbu?, I agree., your welcome :), I need my Thunders back :(, yeah whats yo email I can send u some work I've done, but the new stuff I haven't posted yet, Ugly first half. Bulls up 35-26 at HALFTiME., I'm single, Hah, fair enough., M not so bad., I Cant stop listening to justin Bieber's song for his mom Turn to you <3, Heading to Vail for my story today.... wish me luck!!!, #Follow my boy and Win a brand new TouchPad with Beats by Dre, Heartless. That's all., If I mix coffee with ice cream, will I magically get a frappuccino? Please?, Do you know of job and business opportunity ads in a foreign language and published in an Asian community paper? The FTC wants to know., Aint nothin wrong wit shootin the fair one! Am I wrong?, Everybody knows you have to look at a guy's feet to tell!, Since I Accidentley slept in and didn't go to school today .. I think it's time for bed Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>, hey guys(:¦ -erica., I don't like being a Notre Dame fan, Jay, how was the surgery? I hope for a quick recovery time., A more competitive 0-3 series? The Bucks would have been up for that for sure., 10 cars in the drive thru, 1 person inside, was in n out in 5 mins...r ppl REALLY that damn lazy??, Hi Hyejung, where is your practice located? Great to see you on twitter. I just started myself :), We love it here at the office!, right, at least she's not fat!, yum! (I generally don't eat burgers but when I have a craving that's where I usually go) their Tom Yum is also super yummy!, I fear you might be right..., The country is embroiled in a fight for the promotion of what is known as “healthy” eating. But what is healthy eating?, It really bugs me seeing a bunch of young kids wearing tye-dye and claiming they're hippies... Please tell me a Grateful Dead song..., The Stitch and Bitch one?, DVR alert 4 Blake Shelton on Tonight Show W/Jay Leno & Lady A on Late Nt W/Jimmy Fallon(NBC)., Yes. RT : So the city of Austin will unveil Willie Nelson statue on 4/20. Is that a bit of a marijuana endorsement too?, Tangerine: greatest Zeppelin song and tasty snack. That's one hardworking citrus fruit., what time, At ISSMA State Solo/Ensemble? Mention you're a friend of ours on Facebook or Twitter and get 7% off your purchase!, Hi everyone :), With leaders in NYC hearing great reports from leaders on awakening in the US! Wow!!, my very first reaction is say hi and if she is hungry cuzz i amm :D, Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense regardless of how it turns out, no noo noo, CARAH wants to pound on your muffin I just wanted you to cool your muffins, Cute! ": Please forgive that last tweet my cousin is in love with tebow... Who isn't lol", Bryan LaHair is a beast., Pandora is all I got right now, #top10Lies I'm interested in what you're saying., u at work, REPORT: "#Remediation: #HigherEd's Bridge to Nowhere" #education ttp://bit.ly/aRwf20, Good Morning World! Grateful for this day, a new day indeed! Everyday above ground is a good day! RT, same here but it dead down here, Work It is matchmaking event this morning. Great crowd. Look for story tmrw. in and in Monday newsletter., Finally getting that the beach is west, not east, I think it is really cool that Bing Crosby appears in my #Pandora Station for 'Broken Social Scene', Just finished latest book. I loved it despite the fact that I stay clear of books that make me cry. This was worth it though, Steve Blake earn a start in the next round. Bring on the Thunder., I'll do this on my own ... I'll get us back on my own, Too bad the Doctor doesn't seem to like her all that much most of the time... Kinda like Martha in the new episodes., CONGRATULATIONS PRIME TIME!, A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche, Moving the ball,making plays, and then a crippling fumble by Rodgers, thanks :D so what's up?, I know. I'm working there this summer!, HAHAHHAHA! My teacher is missing. hes not in his room & no where in school, : (had started a Fakebook in march 2009, but i actually used FB then—& keeping up 2 was a pain in the arse.), And what's skittles have to do with monopoly! This is absurdity, "One may know how to gain a victory, and know not how to use it." Pedro Calderon de la Barca, you're welcome for getting you 1/2 months off at Gold's Gym. I ended up paying more than you, of course., ha, ha, yes, running!!! Clears the mind, helps my focus! Nice side bennies for this mama!, It's never been easier to make cash online!, I still haven't started., So leave yourself intact, 'cause I won't be coming back. In a phrase to cut these lips, I loved you., My boyfriends niece is adorable ¦, RT : Spending up a storm at Women in Production in Miami Beach. Too many great made in #Haiti products to resist., Thankyou lady, you do too. Rt : Showing love to all my followers today. So thank you :) Stay sweet!, MQFTD: If you think your too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito... DL, The North Korean everyone loves to hate has died today at 70. Too bad he got to live that long. Honor his death by watching Team America., Ok Insanity kicked my butt tonight! I can't wait to start to see results., Up early in morning and already at work trying to make it happen and stay positive. Good morning FB fam., you'll get the stroke back yo, What the fuck is my sims saying..., If you present yourself to me in the nude, I'm gonna gawk at ur junk. Can't help it. Don't look at me like I'm a perv. YOU are the perv, AND THAT'S A WRAP! Minor tweaks and edits but we are finished. Poster printing imminent, Happy 70th birthday to Muhammad Ali., News Simpson, Donald chase money title as others hope to hang onto Tour cards this week at Disney Webb Simpson and Luke Dona, #NowPlaying Soul For Real "Candy Rain", Join us at the German Branch as we make Steampunk Jewelery on April 26th at 6 p.m. Register online or call 271-5144., haha! They do look so good! Enjoy your special day!, Im so tired & hungry D: too many projects >_<, Now since Smoctryz's transfer restrictions were officially more limiting, where is the Beilein scrutiny?, probably time to change gears.... basically done with 2011... or is it?, Beautiful wrist shot by Patrick Kane. Can't help but enjoy the Blackhawks., Full band at Tin Can Ale House on Nov. 8th @ 10:00!, last 100 to follow-> gets a followback from me¦, graduated to a stylus for my touch devices..., have you on lock!!!!, "Obama's all grey now! Poor baby, Clinton's all white now too.", what was?, sadly I'm at work so no tequila for me., You Keep It 3hunna? I Keep It 3milli!!!!, Looking forward to a visit from tomorrow but they will discover that not all shops are idyllic pretty little places., Niall may be getting a separate flight from the other boys., thanks for the wonderful mention!, technically YOU finished practice. Me & Reina were still there , lol., I'm trying to be objective.. Bron's new "humble" attitude seems so forced and non genuine., that baby is ridiculously adorable hyun!, I like you for you. That means something, Bro!, Done with high school unofficially., Cards are so cool!!!!, There's just so many people that deserve to fucking die and rot in the ground., wish I could I party with u, It may be a cool story but come on. They squared off in '94, '95, '97 (2 times), '03, and '04. Do you honestly think that impacts this game?, +1 RT : Yesterday’s giveaway with was so much fun! So how about we do another giveaway today?, #YouAintNoGoodIf you LIE about everything, If was here she would walk with me, Whats good how can I get one of my artist down with the team check him out, Sounds like a GREAT day!, Exactly! It's pathetic., What does the 9th place finisher in the Kentucky Derby have to do with a Seattle Arena?, sweating that nigga for no reason, Milky Way?, Listening to Bonnie Raitt's new album, and while it is a good album... I fear it's making me menopausal., Just saw it...yea it went to spam. Glad to connect with you!, Reliable encryption is essential to the future of the cloud, sick, I'm gonna get tix this weekend, only 30 a peice for GA floor, Man If I Had A Chance With That Girl, Best To Believe I'd Treat Her Good-#Damn!, Please fix your fucking bulleted list algorithm! Sick and tired of having to backspace, CR to get rid of stray bullets., Happy happy Monday! Hope everyone has a fantastic week :), Sometimes when Guns N Roses comes on the radio I sing along in my Cher voice., Really? Really? Yes, really!, you know what you said and nothing has changed., There is a Teen Wolf sitting courtside at the game. A real Teen Wolf., Why nobody textin me?, content is key, good content brings people coming back to you, I really dnt care, Im so nice of a person, I hate when ppl try play me like I'm a joke, Go Bulls! Miami feel our wrath., Lets go bills, Wow! First commercial I have seen for National Popular Vote movement during debate!, I had a at who would hunt and kill my pork top ramen in the pantry. Only the pork. Then he'd drag his kill home to my bed., that never happens to me, ur special, me too. Mine seem to be going away now that I'm getting the right nutrition, though., Informal Twitter poll: Is it time to put away the Easter decorations or should I wait till, like, the Fourth of July?, I feel so great!!!, RT Visual Acoustics intro by Jakob Trollback is... Incredible., First day of lent. I'm giving up...VEGETABLES! (Sound of a record scratching)., I can be as loud as I want and if you don't like it I will make a scene, Plectrum's next monthly Singer-Songwriter Showcase Series will be held on Thursday 11-3-11 starting at 8pm at Club Bohemia downstairs at th…, She makes me Happy ¢, spendy, true. But it sounds like a great topic. ALCTS members & student rates are much better at 219 & 99., Haha. I couldn't stomach it till we started segmenting & getting real insight rather than vague generalizations, Randomly remembering good times and smiling like an idiot..!!, All right. Voted. Dropped off kiddo. Rear-end in seat buckled for takeoff. #dl10 here I come!, RT : Follow These Great People:, Bring the bartender a flower tonight and get half off your first drink!, happy birthday tigress!, wish I was there looks like fun. Tell all the crew I said hello if you see them, It's hump day and leap day...things could get interesting! ;-), I'm 20...I've yet to experience that problem. haha, Just as much as I believe there is a Good. There is a evil! Real talk. choose carefully!, thanks for the RT, would love if you could reference us next time so we could know to thank you!!, that was mean. You've had it out for him from beginning. Respect an artist. You wouldn't do that to Jay Z!, Stop lying., "Dreams come true for those who work while they dream.", omgg u have to watch it!! Soo many things happpend!!!, My father had a profound influence on me, he was a lunatic. Spike Milligan, Creepy, right? Very likely it's a curious ex-girlfriend & not someone looking for my poem, "Wife and Child Leave Mr. Walton..", haha I guess, first show in Austin tomorrow! w/jack wilson & robert steel. 8 pm @ flipnotics. So excited!!!!, wat u mean by that, Winning is about heart, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong, Great night with :), Friday night, my head hurts, time for an IPA2., Youk should've been exiled a year ago., Cleaning up my room, "Get to know each other cause you never know when their going to be gone", #ICriedWhen we walked into the movie theater when I was seeing the Hunger Games for the very first time (I'M IN LOVE WITH THG!!!!), I know what makes him act like a ass, I know when makes him feel loved. I know what to do when he's cranky and what to do when he .........., When different situations in our lives knocks us back many times, show life there are several reasons we must continue to move forward., Back to back to back! To start the game!, Enough with the Bootstrap sites already. Hacker news is overflowing with them.., Mike Adamle looks like crap!! Wow!, See I've been waitin all day for you to call me baby., thanks 4 the follow!! I followed back :-), HELP ME .... PLZZZZZZ, Tell us what you think about our new tool which could provide a solution for the rising trend twist-off wine bottles..!, Now's the time when social networks can be used for good. Blown away by Invisible Children; something that needs to go viral, Follow Me, i wanna thank all my chicas for helping me be where i am today i love having you guys in my life<3 your support is amazing <3, "This is your life, are you who you want to be?" - This Is Your Life by ¦, Are you sharing knowledge, building will or reinforcing action with your audience?, Oh boy - working from home + makes for an excellent morning., Are you on vacation? I'm desperate for another update..., RT : social media is designed to make us feel good enough to take some significant action, Tough night for a Browns and Flyers fan., that's not true!, RT : More than ten people a year are killed by vending machines., Battle boredom in the bedroom - try playful new approaches to sex., the sad sack tour of hollywood. If that ain't crushing dreams we'll have to crush 'em ourselves!, of course for shaving silly. LOL, Hey, do you know ? Met him tonight, he mentioned Collekt, a web at a winery in Temecula., No one is talking to me (;, I am behind the basket. Five rows off court and it is another basketball court to the actual court, Sadly there is no mirror or other download path to get #coldfusion installers, well not legally., That does tile. Sweeps and mops. Sam is shedding. grrrr., agreed, if my dick is getting sunburned it's because I'm out bein nekkid in nature, not from a claustrophobic bluelit coffin, #sxswi #frontline uses the audience as collaborator. me: natural next step - instead of trying to guess - collaborate!, Are you guys having trouble w/ site? I'm trying to watch the latest Community ep on my laptop and it's saying not available., Community Voices first segment is Karla Gotlieb, VP Community Partnerships, Catalyst Miami, no doubt, its not like it wont happen lol, Another way to increase your #metabolism is to add spices to your food. Cinnamon is one spice that increases your metabolism twenty-fold, eeeeeeppppppppppppppppppppp TODAY IS MY MAMA BDAY:) what we gun do??? P_A_R_T_Y <<<<<, Mybad my twitter was hacked??, The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!, Also there's a rumor will be in Springfield the ninth. Can anyone confirm this?, busted! no excuses here. might as well lock us up, yur totally amazing . Were gonna meet #SOMEDAY #NeverSayNever (: ILY, funny. I just tweeted the same thing, Hey Ari!!! This is soo weird I feel like I'm talking to myself, Feeling a little embarrassed/ashamed/ECSTATIC at how excited I am for Emily's season of to start tonight!, Setting in class with developer @ #jdmw. He is crushing it! I had no idea it had these new features!!!, Big sale on popular workshops today.., “: #teamlebron stand up!!!!!”. tell em family, BRO SOME ONE STOLE UR SONG!!!!!! THERES A SONG EXACTLY LIKE YOURS! SAME LYRICS! " PARTY AND BULL SHIT!!!!", YEA I PUT A ICE PACK ON IT OVER NITE IT WENT DOWN A LIL BIT, take my Burgerville virginity tonight? I'm feelin' ample amounts of fries I think., Wait how many people am i talking to ? Aha :D, Check my work...musical overtime!!! Work hard or dont clock in!!, kindle version is more $ than paperback #throughthelookingglass “: Thinking it's time to re-read Made to Stick ://t.co/SjSwn6kY”, Getting started Making Space for Entrepreneurs and Independent Workers, Damn life's a bitch, only needs about 100 more followers to reach 1000! Go follow and support! :D, Oh, thats the guy you flirt with on facebook;) haha ryan., i also don't like accounts that use proper grammar loooool, What up Atlanta?!, best tweet today RT : Taking spanish in high school finally paid off cause now I can read tweets., I think you might be disappointed. RT :, I have been following you for a month and think you are a blast! 420 forever!, why yes, yes they did just do that..., Honey badger wins the badnarik!!!!, Hologic Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Operating Results - MarketWatch (press release), The Vikings and Giants sold every seat at a neutral site in Detroit in 90 minutes all with one day notice! Only in the, nope just stated the awesomeness of my color, tho your guys is fine too :) haa, Getting my schedule for school tomorrow!!! So excited (:, I wish austin would have brought me to NYC!, TY for RT, Wayne. “: RT : Does solitude or collaboration fuel your creativity more?..., Track meet tomorrow at Hardin valley., My mouth is full of #Novacane :-/, i know! I said it loud && proud too!, Will.i.am is known in 2012 as will.iPad, a little bit , I'm not good at German :( just knew some words like " was mascht du? " Etc :((( hahahah, Giving FontExplorer X Pro a try and liking it so far., "Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught." …, "don't follow people who suck", in re Gore divorce: I think another woman tired of the bloviating and feeding the bottomless ego., tour got cancelled. so whenever i catch a moment., The Norton...creating back problems for years to come., Thanks. Men are close to taking care of infants, right? :) Gatorade, Tylenol, and hand sanitizer are a must here., William Allen White in a music video once more! My cup runneth over., God damn pats, ok ur really disgusting dont want to talk no more, Lucky travel day. Got an earlier AA flight. Only one not delayed to LGA., Rest in peace, Amarillo Slim., Hah! I just went to last night. Cutting it close!, Not sure chris brown excuse but heard Madonna lip sync due to game and wasnt allowed sound check as they need, well shoot what are you going to do now that your dreams of being with are over?, So, we all will have this pin board? Wow, we can even use pinterest for our evil intent. Score., the phn works 2 ways! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>I'll call you tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>, Stole a pillow from the hotel! I love them! =), I want to lol, in St. Louis for a few days helping out with the launch of a new company..., “: Now Watch Me Beef It Up !” Can I get some vegetables with that beef?, who the fuck are u, It is how it is, deal with it ., no problem (: lols, #favmoviequote VOTE FOR PEDRO, metaphysical tasks take the most energy: staying present, thinking creatively, rejecting all 'acceptable' options, courage to be yourself., I keep trying to turn off the lights downstairs in my kitchen and living room because it's too bright- can't turn off the sun., That's so cool! Go Bella!, It's so much better and tastier! You'll never turn back now!, CJones1027 RT Happy 236th Birthday to the United States Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!, sounds like you had a good time. I'm on vacation next week, but you will have to tell me about it when I get back., So its here 27 years young today ;)<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>, I really hope tomorrow night happens, watched the new GI Joe movie - the best part was my when wife sees "Storm Shadow" and calls him "White Snake", No words can express my strong dislike for 99% of the human race That 1% is the amount of good people in the world You're all in that 1% c:, I can't get on tumblr at this moment but can u tell the othe person to follow me or the email:), *TANNING SPECIALS TODAY* Purchase a Hybrid or HP tan for $11 each! MEMS-ONLY: Buy 2 HY or HP tans for $11 or one week of upgrades for $11!, haha well also Ben was sleeping and is still sleeping lol, You've had so many cute profile pic changes lately. Like you're a spring bud, blooming a bit more daily., Interesting or disturbing that so far libraries have not been invoked, but Google has been dozens of times?, im glad i have a twitter. i can let out all my pain and nobody will judge me. thanks guys. <3, see you in a few weeks !! Can't wait, I've only recently started reading it??? I never thought I'd start liking it, Killa night last night w !! Rokin it!! ;), Mind being blown away at Love Fest right now!!!!!, congrats & good luck! I got one tomorrow!, I'm just teasing you! See you tomorrow!, that dough kind of looks like a cookie to me., Thank you !!! I love that you enjoy it :), Who will be spending #newyears eve w/ 's sold out Private Reserve Club dinner at the Seattle Space Needle?, Too often we give children answers to remember rather than problems to solve.” Roger Lewin, influenza > NBC overdose > hangover > marriage, Pirates of the Caribbean is always a hit around that place, RT : FUN FACT: Sunday's Orioles-Red Sox game was first since 1925 in which both clubs used a position player on the mound ..., & need to do another cover of Drake. ;), Thanks. Have a feeling my storage on Zotero is maxed out. Looks like it will just be links from now on., Practice, practice, for recording starting thursday., cool, we played in hell. Pretty cool setup, MN Supreme Court - Minnesota Litigator, Let's do this, When will the #Republican Party live up to it's promises of inclusion and #freedom for all, and stop signing on to projects we can't afford?, Hi sweetie! So happy to see you here on Twitter. <3, #3wordsforyou not even beat, hearing someone say "i don't know what to tell you" when I have a problem makes me a million times more pissed off, Living the life of a broke girl... Paying with exact change, hahahahahahahahah! How are you holding up? You are good!, #sundaylibrarian under protest. sleepy., And you can't be a hater if you wanna be a teacher/coach. Lol, you live it., Cooper you need your own reality show!, Can you send me a quick email? Don't have your current one., I'm so out of touch with "current music" I didn't know she had more than one. It's actually a surprise I knew the name, About to head to California dreaming with my mom. Meeting my girl and her mom there! Early mothers day dinner 4 them 2!, Today, do not fall into the trap of thinking and talking about your problems more than you think and talk about your God., if you love me you'll let me wear a kilt., Anyone else experiencing the madness that is finals week? Good luck!, Enjoyed both stories, and the humility :) ": I am rhythmless and proud of it!, Not the same OD without the #TribeTalk! RT : Happy Opening Day, Tribe fans! With you at Progressive Field in spirit!, On MPTV 10, #NaziHunters tracks down Albert Speer, who organized slave labor in death camps and prolonged the war. At 9PM., hahaha you know it!, What if..... would have done only...say 10 what ifs instead of 33??? Answer: 23 less awesome stories., Sweet. “: Everything's getting the #humanize treatment these days. It's encouraging. #diginow12”, You are welcome. Like your videos too!, call us for support, if we can assist you in any way ask for Kenny or Latham! It's free, I would love to hear about that!, Lmaoooo, you have road rage something serious! RT : I cuss out everyone tryna make a left on a busy road, What's my girl Sarah Phillips up to now? I miss you boo., Hello there. How are ya? Sorry, late responding., I don't know - I say eyes on the prize. How do you propose fitting that all in?, Aw // RT "You are the kind of person that makes us feel there's a reason to become your fan! :)", Good luck tonight !, #everydayithinkabout why I didn't do this a long time ago!, Thanks for the love!, got my tickets Lee. I overpaid but I'm on the floor next to basket., these parents better get back soon so I cann rage with my ladies <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>, Hello new world. I will be sharing my thoughts on graphic design through humor and fury or links to awesome digital designer goodies. Enjoy!, What artist would you love to see live?, I'm taking a personal day!, Thank you ma'am and will do. Have a great day. :O), Watching #occupydepaul as students from my alma mater hold their ground. DePaul admins refused to meet re:tuition hikes so students occupy., Yes, inspiring presentation! MT Thanks for presenting to the Study of the US participants from MENA!, is this ship landing on the factory roof??, A bird in the hand is the best way to eat chicken., im hardly ever on anymore hahaaa, Go follow mahomies!! (: --> RT : shining, perfectly, beautiful, everyday, It's overpriced. It'll drop further..., Rachael: "That is bullshit. That is a shit of bull." <U+E415>, you still do it, hypocrite. :b, Hi how are you???, UPCOMING SHOW: Thursday, Aug. 12 at 8pm at UCB-LA. Spread the word!!!, Balancing my check book hate it., Today "is a new day, a fresh start, and a clean slate" - plus I get to see my girl !!! And my very first NYC friend, Good things are happening!!, Can’t wait for this session of the writing mastermind with …just a few more minutes!, I rather leave you holding on than pushing me away, btw its not none-facebook its non-facebook, uhh sure! :D, Great info about that pirate app!, I love Irish drink they fuck you good LOL, LaRussa is going to outhink himself, I tried to explain my #wetnap fascination and but it just made me sound like a mom, right ?, you are adorable. that is all., Now I kinda wanna see if water resistent headphones exist and are affordable., cause you're in my brain!, Michael Jordan > Kobe Bryant, Then it has all those bugs , fb is so shity now, You know, I'm a fan of the NBA but oddly enough...I don't give a flip if there's gonna be a season this year or not., pretty boy lol, Good Luck! RT": Last day of my university lifee.. Last day of my exam Wish me luck :)))))", OH OH. never mind, GASP, they need to be stung, BYOD: "We've been in that game for years" Stephen Lester #CIO Harvard Business School, Hey What's the point of Summer Jam pre-sale when you're holding all the reserved seating?, 10 bonus points to whoever can tell me the movie "Karl Hungus" is from., whens it due?, Marlins 1st round pick from last year Jose Fernandez's line tonight (Single A) 6 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 2 BB, 8 K, we will discuss it..., Austin EVERYONE knows that you are one in a million..<U+2764> People who don't a crazy.. I LOVE YOU AUSTIN!<U+2764>, What the f just happened? Whatever I'll take it. Let's see if we can beat the Padres., Wish I was in Walkers Branch tonight., Conrad Anker, star of The Wildest Dream: Conquest of Everest opening Fri. at IMAX, on SCAN's High Bar, tonight 7:30pm., love you <3, belin...are you drunk?, Wow! Very nice., ill help ya! You need to get on linkedin too....that's a great professional networking site., Greta i put a autoplay with mlb2k11 in my playstation3 nd it's 0-0 but both gave up hits. lol, Make friends with that Bill Gates kid., Yeah but Corgan had it comin' that day. Gerken told me Billy was pissed at him for giving bad directions..., balls back, bitches., ah! carrot cake is a fave around here. i mean..just sayin... ;-), me too, LMFAO! RT : "Hey I just fucked you and this is crazy delete my number and keep the baby." Lmao only on youtube!, i spy with my little eye: two local lovebirds enjoying adult beverages and each others company. i didn't think i'd get here in time., Where should I do with myself, We are looking forward to sampling your Hacienda Araucano Carmenere tonight at a wine tasting. Cheers!, Some people need to GROW UP and admit the mistakes they make, instead of blaming it on someone else!!!!!!, People- Don't click on anything that says "someone is spreading rumors about you" It's a way hackers get your info on here., you're way late on that one. Been jamming to that since 'nam, The road to recovery is paved with gin - yes I said gin - it beats the hell out of oxycodone, What would you reccommend to pack in a hospital suitcase?, #ImMadBecause all of these test first ELA then the Math test then all of these finals, Lord, FatherSonSpirit God, make me to delclare your glad tidings today., 2 c my fam. happy is worth so much more than money, When a friend is speaking look them in the eye focus on their energy give your complete focus to them as if no one else in the world exists, And that's the ballgame... Tuscon over Sacramento 5-3, I was mad today, this boy PULLED MY HAIR in class today. I WAS SO PISSED. He was like it wasn't me. Then later he saw me and said sorry. WTF, I hope that's the last time you invite Lawrence Phllips over to your house., thank you for the webinar press, Fed and state taxes done in less than an hour. Why I waited until today to finally do them, I don't know., Lol lol RT : you and the outfit you had on in your last video!...m :-), Spring clean garage and driveway before cleaning carpets to avoid tracking of oil and tire tracks into home. vegaspressurewashing.com, .. That's what happened in my school too!, Haven't watched either play much, but savvier Laker fans than I are stoked about the potential of Beasley & Sessions, so thumbs up, Mitch., The "baby abduction" @ Strong is nothing. False alarm. Chalk it up to a misunderstanding. Onto to the next story., - uniondale - THANK YOU! we had out best day yet!, Thanks for all the recent follows everyone. Looking forward to sharing news about the arts at #CUA with all our new friends!, lol no worries. Maybe next time haha, Hi there! We'll try ASA another time, yes?, The fellas at The Grove have got jokes! Made some new friends with !, mess ages, Omg you totally grew up lol im watching "Jump In" you look so different this is really magical lol, Having to change my plan in last minute because someone else's flakery is retarded.. sigh.., I'd rather go all in. ;), Recent survey shows 72% of patients bleed during a dental cleaning, signaling an open wound & pathway to infection. l www.closys.com, ANTHONY!!! Life has been so hectic. x_x. Trying to get out of school & figure out what I want to do after graduation. lol. you?, aayyeee! Guess what?, I need a joint... But I'm going to stay sober till this weekend, "You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have I decide that for yourself.", Good morning! Hope every one has a good one!, If twitter isn't a drug then someone please explain to me why I sneak into the bathroom at work to use it, Are you guys following ? So interesting!, I hate everyone :D, it just took out the electricity!!! Go back home!!! Lol, Is it bad that I am ready for Lost to be over so I can focus (soon) on True Blood?, Worries go down better with soup. ~Jewish Proverb, in Ghostwriter app when you move away the iPen from screen you can turn page, zoom in and out. I meant the iOS iPad multi-touch., I wish I was a billionaire. The Buffet rule wouldn't worry me., At this point let's bring Flynn in and move Rodgers to running back., Yeah that's fine randomly stop texting me back!, my limited guitar skills are turning into a productive constraint, We've officially crashed the wantickets server., Trivia tonight | 7:30pm. Practice Q: What animal's diet is made up almost entirely of eucalyptus leaves? No Cheating, Follow #thatcamp for ideas on unconference sessions! MT Wow, so many great proposals coming in! Keep em coming., Landlords shouldn't be wasting time answering calls from uninformed prospects. They should only be calling back interested renters., Admit it....you wish you were in San Diego covering this....and then hitting the beach afterwards w/ a margarita in hand, thats true. Without passion for music there is nothing., Watched 60 minutes last night -- had no idea Meryl Streep lives in Massachusetts part of the year. Got to get her on my invite lists - ha!, Bored Chilling With My Sister.:D Got To Love Her., Outlaw Nation has a show on 311 Cruise!!!!!, if by day drinking you mean 16/14 shifts for us then yes. Tomorrow drinks will be, what's up me.lady, He must be hiding from somebody lol : Damn where my nigga ...my nigga aint tweeted n like some weeks, Going to Sandi Ego!(:, Love is foolish ... but I still might try it sometime. ~ Floyd, UM? Michigan?, they're cute, but I really want a shiba. just have to find one that won't scare the rest of the menagerie., Artisan Works has an amazing Kodak exhibit, and an original , Pablo Picasso who knew !, Very excited to be packing this weekend for ILTA INSIGHT in London next week. Will you be there? Stop by & say hello, stand 35., At red Robbin with my love :), by the best producer, guitarrist and Arranger in bachata style, Martires De Leon --->, Yes, you CAN get famous soaps by in Scottsville. Check out Charmed Butterfly Boutique and Scottsville Farmers Market!, Looking for anyone who's struggling with credit card debt and you think Pres. Obama's plan will work--doing a story on ABC5 at 10!, Great music and website. Thanks for the tweet and good luck with everything., Ordering some sweet twin six stuff tommorrow., that is really awesome! I have never been to Australia, of course I have been in school since I was 5 so never had a chance haha, Super Bowl champs ... AGAIN. Suck it Belicheat. Pats haven't won a DB since spy-gate. Tuck should have won the MVP, I believe Adam Jones! They better resign you. I just bought tickets to 20 Os games for remainder of season, Ok now are you open?:) In the parking lot... Having a car dance party., Cool. My daughter was too. :), if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain, Just when we were forgetting about Bin Laden's death, Obama supports gay marriage. Nice save, Barack. You'll need another in 6 months., #paulydpregame #yeahbuddy ... Some homework and the new season of #PUNKD and #PaulyDProject !!!, At Vengeance was a beautiful moment for keshinya case study, but Daniel Bryan did not use it., Gwyneth + Goop have nothing on you!, Leave your corner of the world., Awesome. Thanks guys., Brainstorming ideas for our next blog post, Thanks you guys!, Nothing concludes a long run and hard gym workout like a Saturday night glass of champagne. Except maybe the oysters and steak to follow., How about a compromise? "Eat chips, fondue" is cheeky, fun and delicious!, In horrible pain and can't sleep but still have a joy in my heart. I love this feeling. Thank you Baby Kerr!!, "Fluffy people don't do no sprintin'...", senorita what's up?, these cards are gorgeous! looking at the luxury economy in the new world and these just made me swoon a bit!, Time is of the essence indeed. Can you imagine? Allah swears by it!, I believe in Megan Fox., What I should've said was, I love surprises and brocolli., Alrighty, #TeamAchieve, today it was just 30 minutes of reading for the chapter I'm working on. But I'm working!, im back(;, Best of luck! Only a few more finals left until summer., get it my niggy, Last day of 2011! Still so much great stuff to see: THE SELLING; RED LIGHT REVOLUTION and CLOWN! Don't miss any of it!, u think he beats Aldo?, why you sick or something???, did you hit up rome, Thanks dude! RT :, just saw a firetruck fly down my street., But are the Qs rhetorical? Usu a dud MT : Museums try to prompt dialogue, but random facts get most play., LOOKING FOR SOMEONE TO... design an all html5 e-commerce site for me full of threejs effects and put it on Shopify... for a modest budget?, lol quite well, That's awesome., When you embrace conviction you embrace a set that will give you a standard by which you must live., Williams quotes Dilbert: Change is great! You go first!. Former TN Governor Phil Bredesen refers to book title: Change or Die, & you were correct, typo on my end! Should have read whole grain!, Do you have a mirror mirror or American Reunion screening coming up?, True evil doesn't know it's evil., those are always good days!!!, Lmfaooooo im officially scared for life !, I watched a friend's campaign totally flop, so I totally understand the trepidation involved., Goodnight World and to those Still Up from Little Weapons !, 1) Jordan 2) Kobe Kobe is the closet you can get to MJ., Rajon Rondo has probably the biggest basketball IQ out of anyone!!, I don't understand how dudes can be dead beat daddy's smh. I love my lil girl so much!, One moment's high and glory rolls on by. Like a streak of lightning that flashes and fades in the summer sky., since. the. 80s. FUCCCCCCCK MY LIFE., RT : Romney up by 4 in Illinois. I'm calling it now -- he's going to lose there. The tide has shifted. Santorum is coming/surging?, R&&B floww, we were overwhelmed by the "experienced" theater-goers and snuck out quietly after the Q&A was done., unfortunately not, sorry..., would love to see a copy of the ephemera paper; please share when you're ready., Cushing Academy did not eliminate all books. Kept all fiction, art books and donated nonfiction. This not reported in the media, Yesterday's lesson: Forget referrals. Give something your clients are excited to *share* with their network., Thx for the mention., They better not do a Rocky Horror remake because his name was Robert Paulsen., girl people talk about people regardles Can't make anyone and everyone happy. As long as your happy that's all that matters, Epilogue to #SpiderIsland: now THAT'S how you wrap up a story arc. Well-played, sir., These tacos are going to be bangin'!, Thank you to my fans!, again struggles through his Harpo Marx-itis for yet another day :>(, I always bring my A game., Can you at least claim affiliation with the TED talks in the same way I claim affiliation with Ross Dress For Less?, Thanks for the follow!, Watching the hunger games with Kailey, only 6 others in theater, glad we waited til today, found you! Menil Collection today for lunch. See you there, Proceeding underway, City and Occupy both plan to introduce documents and witnesses, decision could be awhile, never let you go, She is a G!, Uhh skin tone? Haha come on you know better than that ;), love me some mac miller! haha, can u plz follow me its my dream plz you mean the world i cant express how much i love u. I love you with all my heart <3, so great to see you! Can't wait to see what happens next!, Absolutely. Save until summer slam RT : Again, I think that this match is happening too soon., People hate it when you’re better than them. If they ain’t hating start worrying then..., hey follow back?, Any of you switch to #Drupal 7 for its built-in #RDF support yet?, You have done good. Now take a breath; call you're Mom. I'm sure she's very proud...a mom in Milwaukee appreciating your words, Man I swear I heard of someone firing a thru a cell phone over long distance. Anyone heard that?, don't remember, but wasn't it something about our lives sucking., Thanks for all the birthday wishes yesterday...it was a fantastic day!!, Yea boy! Hot & Spicy #Cheezits and a ice cold brew for me #yadig!, I really need to step awaaayyy from the credit card., Big skymaster be mixin' it up for all of us!, our CEO is currently working 24/7 in creating TC, plus life and moving! (no pets) Cut to : TheaterConnects is looking to hire you!, We wouldn't be anywhere without these fine four<3, Like. RT Now that Facebook is for sale, we can all lose our money where we lose our time., Way to pull in some wins:), Happy Birthday Arizona! We're a proud member of your growing communities, 3 field goals and not one touchdown on the board! Unreal! I knew this game was going to be good! I love college football! #LSU vs, Are you going to come play airhockey? :) RT : ?:) RT Now I feel like going on a walk. Anyone want to join?, Snell...long, athletic swingman who locks up, stretches the floor, and is unselfish. Gordon...true alpha dog big. Tough tough tandem., Mitt Romney's soloution to helping this country: World War 3. If this is the best you got, GOP....you're fucked., I liked Elise. However I'm not surprised she's going home., Happy bday! RT : Happy birthday to the Points Girl & homegirl ! Enjoy your day!, i was so mad today that i chucked my ipod at my locker and the whole right side of the screen is cracked :(, Thanks for RT! :), I hate people who hate Austin Mahone! :O, Teen Wolf Season 2 June 3rd... LETS GO!!, Photographed a dude today squating 1200 lbs with blood spewing out his nose, Finally some NY pizza, greatest thing ever invented. Still got love for Mad Mush though, are they cute at least?, Oh please, I love the idea of sharing with 7,665 other domains! does that come with a free invite to VPN?, eBooks and equity - maybe easy for affluent, but an issue for those in less-affluent areas; library has to bridge digital divide, Cutting back on sugar is making me want it more. I want a toasted marshmallow shake from or some cheesecake!, I really need to see u and just hug u, die, blackberry bushes, die!!, party. Freaking at how good this guy is. stage on sixth has the best sound of every venue in Austin., Twitter knows that you like to fine wine and dine in 5 star restaurants. ;), awww, thanks. We love everything does and will always take whatever we can get to serve on tap :-), My 2nd pair of Brooks ST5's, coming from being a Brooks Beast guy, that's a big change . Did 14 miles in my 1st pair last wknd, And at least I know I have one part of James Bond down...I'm in shape, haha., "In Time" was terrible, Timberlake proves once and for all he just can't act., Misheard lyric: she wears an Egyptian wig, it sparkles before she sleeps. Know the song?, Success is my only muthafuckin option, failure's not, George Glass, This smoothie tho!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, We enjoyed having you and Ryan! RT : Sad that my 1st trip to Boston is coming 2 an end! We'll be back !, “: #MentionTo your following you will never ever unfollow no matter what.”, A good motto to follow in Sales is SWSWSW. Some Will, Some Won't, So What!, Not necessarily! There are a million fan-vote competitions that end in weird ways... see EA being named "Worst Company" ;) ^BPS, Nope, new highlight. My first grammatical error (that I know of) on the Twitterz. "Is", not "are"., thanks for the follow, let me know if there is anything I can assist you with., Amendment 1 has passed in N. Carolina. I blame, Happy Birthday from ! Celebrating tonight aM I ok at, Had a very good day ;), Tonight, 8pm, Emma Bull and Will Shetterly will be joining us for dinner and drinks, and favoring us with a brief reading of all new stories, Agreed! RT : The pet name 'fuck bunny' should be used more often..., RT : happy belated birthday coach! Was traveling back to East coast! (Thank u Coach!! You're back in Jersey?), Another Meal in the works...another Culinary Catastrophe waiting to happen., A high of 59 today? Time to break out the Borat thong., Thanks for sharing!, Making spaghetti tacos for dinner. We might be brainwashed from watching too many #iCarly episodes., Norv coaches to a 24 pt win with a decimated O-line. How bad is he? Fire him? Let's finish the season., thanks for the follow. Have a good time tonight on !!, Ding ding ding! Less intimidating on a plate. Top of the food chain FTW., I know I'm not the only one hyped about going to see #TheAvengers Fri!, Sorry man i think 103 but im not certain RT : lol. Meant the Sections BC gave out to fan base., with Sunday off work you get the second 70 degree day this year to play!, haha it involves a tow hook, a Jetta, & a holly bush..., Christmas is coming late this year. Friday at Le Bain. Hardy Boyz reunion along with, Nice work! Your 5 steps may end up on a bulletin board in the Coldwell Banker #McLean work room!, Just got a shocking amount of work done sitting in B&N., is in south africa?, Out wit my bias and Im lookin like the summertime....its cold now, Good Monday morning to all you beautiful faces out there!! Hope you're getting your week off to a great start! Let's get it in gear!!, #ChaCha dropped the ball today, screwing over all of their contractors. SMH, Searching for more followers here!! ;), Probably not. Ignorance is bliss., new theory: petrarch invented the dark age as retaliation for its penmanship. right now, i can't blame him., and is that retroactive? hmm., Not 43 min. video but slides appreciated when time means everything, We're talking about #WhitneyHouston this morning. Remembering her and the very latest on the investigation into her death., Well, now we know: and think the same things, but Linz does it in CAPS! ;-), #PeopleNeedToStop wearing sandals, when their feet ashy your sandals turn white, Team USA Ryder Cup, KY playing half ass and still up twelve. Holding scoring Juggernaut Florida to 26 pts. Time to get on the wagon., Calling all bloggers, tired of paying your host to have a BDSM related blog? Stay tuned, we will be announcing a blogger network soon., #Rockies' Alfonzo has 100-game drug ban dropped by, I'm trying really hard not to retweet all of your Scott Pilgrim quotes x] but you're making it difficult for me! haha :D, Kobe Bryant needs 38 points to win the NBA scoring title, but will not be playing tonight. He said, scoring 38 is "not really hard to do.", Enjoying a rare (but well deserved) Tuesday off by doing little beyond what is absolutely necessary., Exactly 1hour and 3 minutes until the Big News!!(: Ah, I can't freaking wait!!(: <3, lol I'm gonna go sit in front of my mirror right now and practicee !, To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance., They keep the beards in Denver., you ok? prefer to direct message me?, Follow??(: softball game tomorrow can't wait!(:, “No bailouts, no handouts, and no copouts”, Crystal's friend since 6th grade.Tweeting 2 raise awareness for #suicide prevention walking w/ #TeamSoaringHigh TorchforTom, Become BOLD, it comes with many advantages., RT : My boss just told me I could wear my pink heels to work. #win {wait....since when are you wearing heels? haha ;) }, Seriously, what's with all the Netflix haters? Get over it. Everything used to be cheaper., lmao thats how you do it, I'm worried there won't be any left for, How do they determine that Aaron Curry would only have a 45 in zone coverage according to the #maddendraft ratings i see now..., Good, not just me! Unfortunately, I often forget about them for a while :P, you tagged the wrong Claudia but I just laughed so hard!! Omg!! Haha, My head hurts...I need a nurse! Who wants to be my nurse!, I don't Even feel like it anymore ..., I honestly don't understand tumblr at all ..., Thanks for the tip Bill. Best in the New Year., Are you holed up somewhere working on an outline/script?, anytime babe ;), At work till ten then nothing, the funny thing is she's not the best the MA Dems can do but it's the best they think they have to do. Kinda sad really., And I really love the trumpet, Morning Everybody! Its a great day to be alive! Be sure 2 give thanks to the ONE who gave U life this morning! #God Is Good, In need of a luxury or exotic car rental for that special occasion, or just because? We've got you covered!, unfortunately, probably not "very very," but we will keep you posted!, you were awesome! I downloaded your song last night during the show!, it was fabulous, sucks cause I live right down the road from there but can't go :(, Reece got greased by an alien? That's big., Greenland, the biggest island in the world, is three times the size of Texas!, It's like everyone thinks and I are 17, My community would love arts & crafts type maker labs. Am I missing the point?, #FF the queen of SWAG, I feel like I need to start a packing list., The lack of it these past few days, has made me realize that sleep is the most beautiful experience in life - except drinking., hit on by black senior., in what?, Today I am a sponge, So excited to be at to see but I may have made up the twitter handle., Happy New Year everyone! Be safe out there!, Don't forget to stop in tonight for one of our 25 featured flavors!, field trips to Wrigley this summer?!?!?!, Hello everyone (:, You're Welcome! Also Essentious real good with hairfinitys, Srsly, when someone wants to argue with me, they use 1D to bring me out of focus. NOT FAIR I TELL YOU!., I feel as if we haven't talked in ages., Look at Susan Boyle. You've still got a chance! You are just a spring chicken!, that's awesome dude! thanks for giving us a chance :), Im tired of chasing my dreams, Im gonna ask where they're going and hook up with them later..., the Secret Millionaire may be the best reality show on tv...., Not sure how much you want the reading to inform our thoughts, or our thoughts to inform our reading. I'm def the latter., Stop controlling the message. Start galvanizing your network., The arrogant and the foolish always mistake humility for weakness!, Got to see "Crimes Of The Heart" yesterday afternoon! Wow! The cast has so much energy, I loved the performance!, My new Brother and Sisters in Christ. Praise God., Been very sick 4 three days now:(..... bed-rest, ginger ale, and medicine help.....texts from friends and family is even better...<3 you all, Thanks for following us! Enjoy our videos!, G'morning Tweeps. So, who's making breakfast <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3>?, #STAR #astrology CAP ASC connected by rulership to 2nd/AQU; Saturn's placement by sign, then by + aspects from Jupiter/Venus, & by house., hell yeah, "tension relief"? :), I approve of this., Its surprising to say the least. I was hoping for a CB, maybe even Jenkins. Our DBs can't cover anyone., just watching secret life and waiting on eli. Lol., great meeting u in person today! Thnks for taking time to introduce yourself.hope you and Ken had a great hike! best...., damn thatss amazing :), “: just curious what in the world is a cocunut bath?” coconut oil in your bath, Welcome aboard! RT : We are really excited to now be a part of the movement... Woot!, Family will call you OUT boahh,, Baby :( I'll talk to you tomorrow or later tonight., yeah, it's sad that some people don't have the capacity for change. bummer., I honestly think my kids are escaped zoo animals. Lol, thx peggy. I am 46 on my account., okay good night everybody......., of course I'll be at #edcampPhilly , maybe we could collaborate on google docs session for elem teachers ;), RT : Better teachers tend to ask fewer questions with only 1 right answer. Their students are doing most of the asking, Thanks for trending !!!, did my mom just hint to me I might be getting my phone back in a couple days...? god I hope so, can you make me a hot dog?, take the amtrak!, Listening to Rosmarie Garland Thompson deliver a lecture on eugenics vs. inclusive design. 1930s Germany: v. unfriendly environment., You look pretty happy in your picture :DD Do you like cute musicians??, Working with buyers Joe & Katie this morning and then volunteering at Moore Place w/DiVAs Charlotte this afternoon!, Making King Cake & jambalaya while listening to Mardi Gras show on -- bringing New Orleans to Reno, y'all., From Justin (10:00am): All strong storms are just to the north around Oshkosh and Appleton. Travelers watch for flooded roads., Thanks for being a great resource for awesome info, alright that last post is going to keep me way too hype., Had a successful event last week in Salt Lake City, UT at the Outdoor Retailer show. Thanks to Kelsey, Gerald, Brigham, and Anna!, Catsup or ketchup?, shits smooth, he got a lot of views lol, Itd be cool if my skirt actually stayed on while I walk -__-, True, I was more amused at the failure of the PR guys to spin it in a positive light. It just read like a negative review., When you're having a nice conversation with someone and then they don't answer and you're just sitting there like -____-, well i bes all done school as of 12:45, Meryl Streep is such a classy lady and an amazing talent. Congrats!, ": A #Libra is the perfect woman to keep a lasting and steady loving relationship with., Fml i have 2 go 2 stupid skool and my sister freakin gets to go to santa cruz i hate when this happens my parents always put my sis over me, Is anybody at the Rave watching the fight and is it crowded, Samurai movies are the westerns of Japan. Maybe we should call them easterns., NF DIZ YOUNG NICCA NEW SINGLE YES YOU ARE IZ A CLASSIC N DON-G SAID DAT!!! #RealR&B, Are you missing work because of the trip? MISSING work?, Oh moon grow bright, where the philly chicks at?, I'm glad you noticed(;, Well, the LMS has served as portal and core- do we need a core? If not LMS, what?, how u makin do 2 hrs meanyy.... But i wouldnt want u driving either you might kill him when ur behind the wheel, My opinions of models have changed so much. What makes You beautiful is inside and out not what materialistic objects can do to you, #sincewebeinghonest #noonecares about your 100,000 followers...We get it!! You're a Media Whore!!!!, I Can Make You Splash , Baby We Aint Talkin Drips !!, Haha.! Find Out What G.?!, I hate feeling so sad after coming down to the final two in winner takes all poker. #whydoiwanttocry?, thanks les <3 we had a fun day, they were troopers!, I was just thinking the same thing., He had often wondered what it was, On the way to kings island, ! we always check our receipts. Once got charged twice for a cook book and was not a thing I could do once home, they're both the same price pretty much, but I absolutely love Woodley Park/zoo area. Downside is it's smaller than Van Ness location., Good golley I do not miss public transit at all..., BIG SHOUT OUT TO ya homie I see ya grind...keep doing ya thing.I'll meet ya at the top...if u get there first save me a seat, I am baaaackk in action. Thanks for the heads up on the Annie's Groupon, by the way!, day two and I haven't been chosen for anything. We shall see, I apologize to my Draw friends. I am terrible Thanks for playing, I know. Nothing waiting on my friend to hmu Im bout to fall asleep waiting. :-/, deal with this..., scratch that. We need to hang out sober for once., I don't understand. And I'm disappointed. You spend hundreds on panties and you buy a cheap silk robe?!, They scared of death they scared to look they shook couse aint no such things as halfway crooks, Is it wrong for me to want to punch someone else's kid? Little girl keeps smacking my kid in the pool. Her dad is smirking..., True or False: Going to bed WITHOUT washing off eye makeup can increase chances of fine lines and wrinkles. Let me know your gut instinct., Leftovers make a great #brownbag -- chicken, couscous and a snap pea, carrot and spinach salad. Yum!, <U+E41B> Listening To "Inside Acting" Podcast., - Ha! Its the Wooden Chicken Pub in Portland. Old school., his brothers derek and jesse!! my three sons!, I'm free until late April. Next week or next weekend?, lol! Yep I go all Larry David every now and then! x, Kennedy bridge sucks today., 12 at ten am, just got a postcard from via spain!, NO! It Was The Bestt!! Excuse Me, I'm Going To Go Cry Now):, addicted to Argan oil by Acure I wash- I put this liquid gold on followed by rose water. Saved my skin from chemo I swear!, SHE'S HOT, Ban from #CourtsideSeats not fair at all . This is a free country right ? Wake up Wade, RT : If you are a person of gratitude, everything is always good. If you are ungrateful, NOTHING is good enough., A special thanks to all Veterans today. "Thank You for Your Service"...without you, we are nothing...Happy Jack, People stay going on Lebron and comparing him to Kobe at the end of the day he still make more money than you will EVER see Lol, Want to learn more about the Kentucky Derby or check out some Kentucky inspired cookbooks? Check out our book display at the circ desk., I just love USA It's amazing <3, Proverbs 23:22 - “Listen to your father, who gave you life, and do not despise your mother when she is old.” (ESV), If you've used Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing & can explain process, please contact me at . Thanks!, thanks to Noah for sharing his birthday with Ethiopian orphan relief! That's some serious bricks be donated!, Happy Monday! Hope everyone had a great weekend., Legally you should be allowed to smack one person per day without recourse, I am not a fan of them.:(, Tell someone who cares., total agreement that process is inefficient and proposal sounds actually feasible. Now what about grant review?, We just got back from Reckless Records here in Chicago on this, I try to be a good older sister and give my little brothers the best advice so they won't get hurt by girls in life, but they never listen, Chicks who play video games <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, What's your favorite song/s by fall out boy, "Professionalism every step of the way Exceptional communication in all aspects and phases of the project...finished well ahead of schedule", I hope the ARMT chokes on a chicken bone !, BREAKING: Orange-Osceola State Attorney to hold news conference tmrw at 2 about #robertchampion #FAMU hazing investigation., Just finished cleaning up the trash in my neighborhood....I feel really good about myself now :), ' I swear he stay wanting to argue. . . ., No matter what's going, on, I always seem to get into baseball right away when the season starts. Bobby V and the gang!, thx fam.... we are out of the good woods right now, but we are working on some new ish.... be on the look., you mean Gio? So much for that expensive higher education..., Getting at to reply is like trying to jump off a building and fly, unless of course you had there with a jetpack!, #NP - The Game is to be Sold, Not to be Told, Live for now. Hope for tomorrow., Disabled is 7 and nomdisabled is 5. And non disabled is seven, Evidence models must be faster for online ed #srebsym A-B trials make this fast and easy. Let's pool this in an evidence framework., allow me to me to introduce on our Seattle Team! Robin Rocks!, at least they are scoring. Our wings couldnt score on prom night right now, thanks for the follow! Let's stay connected! Ps looking for sponsors if you know of anyone! Thanks, that's just what I was saying earlier today, I think I'm gonna do it. Tomorrow when I see you I'm going to give you a hug., I hope none, great! could I see a demo before committing to the free trial? Your video was down. I use & the calendar isn't good., Hey lady. How are you? Miss you in the 757. Stay in touch my friend..., Damn! Guess I picked a good night to start watching, Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It's literally a crime in Texas to suspect child abuse or neglect and NOT call Child Protective Services., I can understand that. I use Readability because most sites just do a terrible job of making their content easy to read., "To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." - Elbert Hubbard | via, I am fighting off something cold-like....need to save the voice for a Voice Over job (Industrial for a client in China) and Sams Club manana, you are welcome. Keep sharing great content!, Cool... you playing out at all?, Now, I'd better work on some slides--I do have a talk to give tomorrow., ~Carol Burnett~Everyone thinks of changing the world,but no one thinks of changing himself, no I am lol!, Thanks! Interesting video..., This just sucks. I knew what was gonna happen & I still went for it., re-job and all systems go., Good day to make things happen yo, If you aren't about business then its a waste of time., NIGGA YOU LOOK LIKE STEVE FROM FAMILY MATTERS STFU, Why would you doubt following your dreams... It is only the Devil's scheme to keep you from waking to each day excited about living., RT : FINALLY 2POSITIVE AFRICAN AMERICAN WOMEN/FAMILY IN A POSITIVE ROLE, Aggravated with a few people but guess I'm getting over it. Lot's of sh** going on in my life right now but guess wat, Chad. Sh** happens., Theres a reason I dont fuck with girls that go ti the same school as me. So much less drama, come back wilson denver needs you., Guess I'm showing up to Monster's Arcade today., Overheard at the zoo. Prissy chick. "Doesnt anyone go around and wake the animals up", I did, Excited for !!! Suite 0221 is celebrating her!, hanging with and, C'mon Alex!, Let's go Hawks!, Come on grizzlies, Happy Mother's Day mommy! I Love You<3 Hope you're enjoying that massage while i'm stuck at a soccer game lol, She gets mad at me for wanting to do this...so I offer that, and she still gets pissed. Make up ur fucking mind, About to get in the shower., Just turned Disney channel on since forever... WTF IS DIS ISH?!!?!?!!!, ALERT$$$HUGE PICK TODAY PLAYERS TRADES SUBPENNY~BOOM IS COMING 3PM AFPW TYPE RUN BUT POTENTIALLY BIGGER$$$$$$BE AROUND 3PM EST, oh Ard good looks buzzin his twitter don't pop .. Lol, damn they a choking, thanks for the download as the tweet! What do you think so far?, My crew everyone goes they one wau den come bak in tha mood to celebrate and continue life as it goes, you listen to country?, i would have to unfollow 66 people to follow u n still be at the limit afta that shuld i??, may the force be with you., I've got you tuned in....into the Noon #HOUR: ))BP, Today Is World #Autism Awareness Day. Light It Up, Writing a pop song in my head as I attempt to avoid packing books. "Don't wanna pack, don't wanna pack. No no no." At least the tune's nice., More Rain, i'm a lifelong roadie who's so jealous of mtber's lines. wish i had their skills. mucho respect. i'll try again next week, you Adventure School folk are a bunch of sweet talkers., When deeds speak, words are nothing. Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, It is wonderful! 70 degrees and awesome pretty much all the time!, Are blogs like & behind the paywall?, Do u think if I sent a letter to Shopper Stopper telling them that Im goin on a hunger strike til they stop sending me papers theyll comply?, Quote of the day by Horizon’s Jeffrey Michael, “We’re a sue first, ask questions later kind of an organization”. Huh?, kind of you to say :) Love Foley Beach !, People are still falling for the "someone said something horrible about you" Twitter scam?? How?, no problem bro lol, nope. It's not that bad of an idea considering PHI rush def, #Caffeine #Addicted Best Thing Ever., welcome to twitter! :), My mom's only comment on my fudgy melty brownies: "Oh...you didn't put nuts in them." No. No I didn't ruin them with evil, evil walnuts., I told you what you need, congrats on the title change! It fits you well., You can apply for, shop for and arrange delivery for furniture online, without setting foot in a store. Just ask us how!..., while you're here, you should stop by my house ;), Once a belieber, always a belieber Happy Birthday Kidrauhl, I love it! It will be gorgeous and it's not something I've seen before. Great idea!, Don't forget to sign up for a Networking Dinner! Sign up sheets at registration., where will chuu be at in texas snooki!, The fact #oomf thought I knew Chris Brown for real >>> LMFAO *logs off*, Taking the scenic route back home, Bob calms my soul., It is a prison, free your mind, think outside that box!!, Went to SONIC with Nothing like HappyHour for alittle bro-sis bonding, “: that's a good word. Practice makes wut???” perfect!, The habit of giving only enhances the desire to give, Jeremy Loutensock wins Nell Propst History Contest with 'Unseen Glory - Journal-Advocate, "What a waste of buying a murder house"- my media law teacher! It may have taken all semester, but I finally enjoy that class., Had an amazing time in Portland, not sure I wanna leave, This guy keeps yelling "2012!!" In class. Like shut the fuck up. Seriously dude., Just learned you can break to a Pink song... I won't be trying it., Had some of the worst customer service ever at yesterday. Trying to keep my biz local, but WHOA. Learn to do a ref interview!, my teeth hurt so bad :(, Heh. Seriously. One missed attribution after pumping out all that content? Harsh..., agh I remember that movie I used to be scared of the chicken her name was ginger right?, Neef Buck-Boiling Water (Official Video), me too, preach sister!, Always crazy for Jonas Brotehrs ?, PDFs and Acrobat are a bloated, overly-complex medium for everyday communication. Rant over., Hey guy in the '96 stock mustang convertible cutting everyone off...cool car, Off to #CES tomorrow morning. Bags packed and hardware ready. #ZOMM here we come!, hahahaah. Find yourself., “Draw near to God, and He’ll draw near to you...He’s changing you and molding you to be more like Jesus.” -, Chris Rock has jumped the shark. It's all over for him. He has #DaddyDayCare syndrome also known as, getting ready for #catalyst Dallas. Hmm...what should and I wear so we can blend in? :), Family story time lolol, Hi ! Will you be coming to San Diego for Wine & Roses this June? We'd love to see & others, Did you see the DM's (:, Woke up and no txt from her smh -_-, #ThingsOnMyMind people are jerks., #games Villainous Tower Attack, Please Please Follow Me! :) I think you are an amazing singer and actress!!, wahoo can't wait!!, Jack Bauer is back on the new Fox show, Touch. Seems really interesting...my kind of show., Question on the floor: disconnect between administration and communities - incl. heads of agencies, employes, Great fact! And nobody knows it better than a mother, teacher, or nanny!!, Our favorite spot! Thanks again for taking us when we were in NYC together!, Lol. I forgot to hve a cup “: really wanted to make sure that I was awake today. #strongestcoffee”, How much are #BETAWARDS TICKETS?, Real quote from client today "You guys hit it out of the park. I can’t get my team to sit down. Our accountant is more excited than anyone!", Why does it have to rain so much could never live in Washington I can't stand this dreary weather good for sleeping though, I needed that. Thanks, lady. <3, It's election day in DC! Get out and vote!, LOL - trying to get back to tweeting regularly. I actually missed it., entirely too true, drunkie. And I will bring hammy over tomorrow evening for a little godfather time., TRUST: Giving GOD full reign over your life, having FAITH to BELIEVE that GOD knows what is BEST!, On Adelante tonight, activist Omar Barberena returns from Cuba and explains what it's really like there. 6:30 pm on MPTV 10., and somehow, despite all the döner and turkish pizza and whatever, I always manage to lose weight in Berlin…, how was it?, dammit, it won't let me rate anything until I get to level 2, Why do elected officials and staff get bent out of shape when "we the people" voice our opinion? Do they not realize they are the servants?, Ah so excited! The OFFICIAL website launch for #pricemobster will be in June! Can't wait to help all of you in #Seattle to get, Finnegan's wake, What about after-credit scenes? I wouldn't dare spoil those for anyone, but they are rarely important to the preceding film, I really hate my neighbor's dog. It's woken me up too many times., loves bigger <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>, Google+ offers Asymmetric Sharing. Less of a broadcast system than Facebook or Twitter., Anything that builds awareness has to be good 4 them!..doubt they would have made Price is Right otherwise., Let the festivities begin!, You're def. right about that. There are hardly any cars., <3 ahaha I wish we could give ya a hug through twitter! Thanks for being so awesome!, Where do you live I'm interested in the mother plant, I hereya on that, We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!, Fresh Out The Shower., "Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you", Ordered Girl Scout cookies from great-niece, Kate. Which are your favorite?, go gophers?, Off to Santa Cruz to say good bye to, in solidarity!, I heard there is company out there requires the applicant to create a PowerPoint presentation on why they should hire you. What? Fuck off, I will never settle I don't care who or wat it is. If it ain't up to my standards then it literally doesnt exist, Is there a difference between Max and Next? I cannot keep up with Zero is simple, I get it. Get with it, Pepsi., my husband said yesterday.."man, youre not on twitter anymore...THANK GOD! LOL YOURE BUSY NOW LOL " 0_O lol i am really busy these days.., #oomf is the most random non random person ever...., Down to go to a pit bull concert, we will block you if we suspect there is fraudulent activity. The call usually follows., Looking for ways to enhance your social media platforms - ask us what we can do for you! www.rubymarketinggroup.com, great job of showing how social strategy fits into busness & customer strategy, woke up way too early today.., Morning....Everyone drive safe in this fog! Muahhh, We will be announcing our director very soon!, will we see you Saturday for #OpOliver?, did the person who wrote this post on terrible clients use his real name? Is that normal in the design world?, You're excited about this too right? =), Women thats beautiful, book smart, independent , and have big ass >>>>>, I am just waking up from last night. Ugh, so many bad decisions., That must be why she has no pants., Your going to gt mad at me because I can't make it., took a lunch break for the first time in ~30 days., Lit Brick - Jane Eyre (Part 4), I really hate criminals!, come say hi if you do!!, Have a great Sunday ! God Bless !, Better hang on if you're tagging along, 'Cause we'll be doing this till six in the mornin¦PicPerPic. Texts are welcomed., We are the No. 1 #JoelLanders! :), And with a pipe she flies to the motherland. Love listening to before bed, Do you believe in love at first sight? If not, I can walk past you again!, Philly + Vick = much worse!, One occupy member just offered council member dan besse a packet of grass seed to fix city hall lawn after they leave., Five things to remember: be thankful, work hard, have no fear, be healthy, and be nice -, Oh damn I thought I was going to miss the bus today, but I made it ¢, At the University Press Content Collaborative #ProjectMuse board meeting in NY. Impressive platform for delivering digital books., 1st of three nights for show about to begin - crowd looks pumped!, Just got done cutting the grass in jeans and a sweatshirt. I'm sure my ass smells less than delightful, RT : Next Universitas Wednesday May 9 at 6:00PM at the Columbus Museum of Art. "How To Change the World in 90 Minutes.", Forget #aaronsbowtie what kind of watch is wearing? #timemachine?, No problem, I saw the video when you originally uploaded it. It was cool. I dig your video., fun times Jilly :), Ok its official. This gaga album is fucking stupid., I love it!, RT : . Congrats on #dccodeathon! - Sounds like a really powerful event for #gov20 and, 17 days until sanctuary tour/ma date wkfoqmjfw ehehehe, Any MSU drink specials? RT Come to "MSU Men's Basketball v. Illinois at Hi-Tops" Tuesday, Jan 31 7:00 pm to 10:00 pm., I rest in bed with the closet opened occasionally, hoping that the bogeyman would just come out & lay with me., Applebees commercial... "the taste of burbon street". Their marketing team has never visited, or honest description of food quality?, Watching OU-TX tomorrow? Of course you are! Give your watch party the Sauced touch. We deliver 521-9800, Supreme Court denies Psystar's appeal in Mac clone case (Josh Lowensohn/CNET), Ashamed but true RT : Totally a mom thing : I may or may not have just eaten cheese off my child's shirt., kirk douglas was scary just like voldemort, I really want to watch the okc-lal series but I don't think I will ever make it to the end the 1Q, That awkward moment when someone yells at you because you clicked your pen more than once & you have to click it one more time to use it., April Fools! I guess the joke is on us., Don't miss the Art of Trash on Friday, April 22! A fun night with a fashion fashion show and music! Starts at 7 p.m. A very trashy event!, You NEVER forget who owe you some money ., My anatomy project is making me want to kill myself. Progeria is so sad.., Thanks Cliff, Thx for the RT guys! What's new in your world?, You can't order online?, Anybody at #TEDxWDC want to "independently organize" a way to support the Treyvon Martin rally at 2pm? Wish I could be in 2 places @ once..., Holy moly! That sounds awesome! I've been dreaming of a job like that since we moved here. :), bedouinvintage.com is now registered., Goddamn life is good lately!!! Happy chickens :), RT : Curious, who out there uses Kurrently, Trendsmap, Snapbird and/or Backtweets? Great search tools. Any other faves?, I would love to sleep in today, but gotta make money. Lol, lol I haven't :/ but I can't believ u remember! Haha, I swea im tired of being the one who ALWAYS has to start a convo or have some to talk about -____-, you're a cheap date, How to Adjust Bicycle Gears, Pats have the biggest TE's and some of the shortest WR's and RB's., ty:( gonna take a break. i'll be back to play though. #ofcourse :P, thanks for following me!!! :), Miss my huns..cant wait to kiss them at 6..., See, ? That joke's pretty funny., silence speaks when words can't, Apparently it's not that hard to believe that I'm a coke-head., I've been so terrible about tweeting lately. Life has been insane. Hopefully things get back to normal soon., : planning, writing, editing..., good job winning your match!(:, Hello Everyone!, All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move. Benjamin Franklin, follow back kinfolk act like you dont know nobody.., Line dance event will benefit Drew Michael Taylor Foundation - Chambersburg Public Opinion, guitar lessons. And going to a studio will cost me $300 for about 8 hours. And that would come out of my pocket and not his., How is your brain? Free cranial tests for all at Scotland Yard Pub Tomorrow at 8pm. The only real Pub Quiz!, 9am Arsenal vs Wolverhampton Wanderers, did you like that wink I shot you? I think I seduced jules ;), I'm sure you get a lot of #wine leftover too!, #FreshmanYearTaughtMe FLAWLESS JAY!, idris is fine..!, what's the matterr?, I know that roof! What's going on up there?, Its fucked up., yea why whats up?, Any guy can love a thousand girls...but only a rare guy can love one girl in a thousand ways., I'm on the bus noticing the difference between men's biz casual and women's biz casual.We need to step it up to compete, Open Houses In Boston Today all 12pm to 1pm @ 274 Beacon St, 9 Worcester St and 113 Comm Ave- stop by, Ok. The Audi #commercial was disturbing., not pretty in the early rounds but my finalists are still alive, lol u fell nd he picked u up .! u trip a couple times but he help u up ..!, City Center Bellevue., good morning, Jon!, HEY EVERYONE!, I need skin colored leggings. Boy those are dangerous, THANKS its appreciated, iPhone 4 will be avail early next month 4 VZW..., Robert Harris (author of Ghost about Blair) shows parallels between the Rome of Cicero and the modern day in his "Imperium," a good read., RT Lets #Follow for Hepatitis information and community..!! :), Tonight on 12 News at Ten: we ask the Waukesha County clerk about her decision to recuse herself from the Supreme Court recount., Just did. Now what? ;), I didn't get any pictures!, you are so sad, you can't buy a team. Don't give up your draft for one guy. Who will protect him? David Carr all over again., Thank you to everyone who came out & supported! Thank you & for your time., PickUpLine: Hi. My name is Horny Bush. I'll be your play toy tonight., Good night everyone! Off to China tomorrow-- see you when I return! No Facebook or Twitter there :( Smooches! Ha!, Its hot af in southern Illinois..., Not yet. My doctor ordered me ANOTHER thing to wear. Electro magnetic belt thing that helps with the fusion. Shits weird., This week&#39;s new film events, #mettaworldpeace has been watching a little too much playoff hockey, I will see if I can get some up on the store just for you! :) ...and too!, I cannot believe Maria Menounos was eliminated on #DWTS last night., maybe the best match I've ever seen, given the stakes for both sides!, In 2000 and Beyond..., you LOST lol, wrong team fam...good luck tomorrow..., I'm good...going to Vegas tom night! :) Any upcoming parade appearances? :) At least it feels like Cali so you won't freeze!, Thank you for the RT!, I dunno, feels like there's a rapture every couple of months nowadays., So far, I'm liking the draft of The Mighty Green Bay Packers., Oh really? :D Thats pretty tight! :), It doesn’t matter how long you’ve known him . If he’s kept you smiling since day one , don’t lose him ., Snails see the benefit, the beauty in every inch., but its getting there, I have been meaning to update the FB page.. but don't worry, its on my TO-DO list! lol, 15 hours, 3 essays, and a hamburger later..., Great news., On central ave, working, getting paid to sit in a booth all day. #Win!, I still have no idea what that stupid bottle has to do with books, Recalling my days at #ROC’s WVOR 100 in the early ’90s… It seemed like every request in ’92 was for #Whitney’s “I Will Always Love You”, no never heard of it, “: Happy people are always looking to help others. Unhappy people are always asking "what's in it for me?"”, Whoever plays smarter will win the Norfolk St. game...34.9 ticks left!, RT : COME ON!!! I don't have all day., What are you doing...Where are you .... please come back to me soon! I need you over the summer to keep me sane!, must not have any good fried chicken places in Cleveland that deliver to the dugout., "At some point we have to create one vision, one Detroit." Marlowe Stoudamire, Tony Romo was much better in 2011, and 2010(pre-injury) then he was in 2008 and 2009., Life isn't working out for me now... A tweet or anything from you could really put a smile on my face<3, despite a short nap too! Sent some adorableness to you via email. Or tried anyway, Fact of the day: Giraffes rarely lay down, they even sleep and give birth standing up!, oh COME ON, god times :), Thanks so much!, Just finished my first Islandora/VRE training session! So far so good., Refs wont give us a charge at all in this game, BTW when does the U23 game start?, we do, talking about it right now!, #seniorconfessionhour i hate WM but I will miss certain things about it... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, sure. What do u want to talk about?, get we need him., #IfYouKnowMeYouKnow idont care what they think, Who disrespects a lady like that? Bro, You do NOT know me! Don't call me A bitch! You drunk disrespectful prick., #Linning, he isn't going to be the next "Yao-Ming" He's going to be the new Ling., has been ranked #1 for owner loyalty!!! Retweet if you're a ford fan! What Ford vehicle(s) do you own? We'd love to see photos too!, where you @, if only you knew., "they weren't kidding when they said FAT Tuesday" cha Ching copywriter?!, Thanks to you as well for following., Listen again....appeal is necessary due to JU not approaching or discussing leave with Bo. Kid needs to explain departure., Classy Saints RT This is awesome. Gronkowski takes the rec. yards lead. Then, Saints put Graham back in and start throwing to him., HOW can you be an adult and think FOR is spelled with an 'e' ? Our required public schooling takes us a little higher than that, right?, Felicitationes! That was my BA major as well. Bona Sors..., When life hands you lemons. . ., You are good! :), your icon is beyond adorable <3, Hey Jay Leno! Why you gotta hate on Milwaukee?!, Where is your fav San Antonio birthday dinner destination? Need some suggestions.., Stressed out, After living through a Roland Emmerich film, time to get back to work..., ! You should join the server i am on. Skull of duehrjdisjr i dont remember, my friends picked it., I ain't bout to entertain that shit on twitter thats all a fool want is sum attention but this who people respect? terrible, Do not leave lovemaking until just before sleeping! Initiate. He'll appreciate., cool i will hit you later tonight after rehersal...have a great day at the station FAM...lets get it.., Being able to keep the windows open during a rainstorm., There is so much double-talk on the #RHOA! I can't believe this! Rewind from Sunday., First the Crosby Sweepstakes, now the Jagr Sweepstakes? Come on people. He can still score, but he only has a year or two left in him., ur food sounds good!!, Just returned from a lovely meal with my mother... Now, hits from the Degabong., Happy birthday !, Today at the Nat'l Symposium on Arts, Entertainment and Cultural Districts, ' Jason Schupbach will speak about innovative funding., a) Why reboot such a classic? and b) Why in the WORLD would they do it without you?!, Sure! Follow along! :-), I hope we wrapped Bin Laden in pig fat when we threw him into the sea. Uh, where are the 72 virgins Usama?, Happy Easter!!!, I'm sorry & you're welcome :) RT : Think I might have been converted into a coffee person thanks to !, Great meeting with potential new biz partner today. Things are moving fast..its about time., ...bitch is you crying?! Hell Nawl !, Thank you Rob! All credit to you and your crew at Van Nuys Homicide for solving the case - I'm just the scrivener!, Commute safely today, everyone. It's messy out there!, $1.75 Ground Beef or Chicken Fajita Tacos ALL DAY! Wash 'em down with $2 Bud & Bud Lt, Oh no, I am so sorry for your loss, Mare. ((hugs)), Why am I watching videos of from umf ? I thought you hurt yr foot?, all you had no jam, I love that the Lakers are getting smacked around!!!!, I'm just saddened, heard you all had fun with frisbee golf yesterday sad I missed that too, Life is long, keep moving ahead, #nevergiveup; remove negative #attitude in life, learn from setbacks as you plow to victory. SeanLetwat, A large percentage of potential home buyers decide whether or not to look inside a house based on its outdoor appearance, Sounds yummy doesn't it?, Im ready for you, #spammers will die!! #blocked!, I miss the farmer's market at, no clue. Not watching just getting updates on my phone. I don't get a chance to watch too much being a trucker., That's really strange then -- i didn't' change the mobile template at all, only the desktop., balls. i just saw this....not even gonna make up something. forgot. i have an idea. why don't we aim 4 coffee every other wk?, no problem. :), ughh I still feel the tequila and rum from last night, where you at now ?! Ahahaha team Blake !!!!! (: is the best :D, we say we hate high school, that its boring and the people are bitches, but admit it - you're going to miss it when it ends, My Grandad Was A Real Thug I Don't Care What Anyone Says... #RIP Ilove YOU..., " A Girl plays with your Mind. A Woman Explores it. ", yes mam! you can vote once a day!, Hi Joe - We do cold calling, lead generation and appt setting. Please contact for more info., u now wat i think..i think justin shud be on silent libary agen but this time wit his friends...haha just a thought cuz i just saw the show, Tweet at #BostonOnTheRun!!, whats the point u telling her she has no respect for herself but then u compliment her that jus being hpocritical, but i love my weirdo <3 hahhah dont worry im one too lol. how you been?, Bulls are done!, Two presentations today -___-, Haha! Should have added ;) after that last jab. We are grateful for all submissions, of course., Happy Bday, hope you enjoy it..., lol Cant do it like me lmao, Mitch you are HILARIOUS! :-P, "think outside the box!? screw the box." -, Haters are like crickets, Crickets make a lot of noise, U hear it but you can't see them, Then right when you walk by them, They're quiet., good morning -happy Monday. Be safe & have a gr8day, I bought the cutest tank for the beach Sunday ;), great local show tonight at It's for a good cause. You guys should come., just did :), Getting ready to start the big Graduation Weekend., To be fair, he didn't yell. He was actually very kind and convincing. Clearly I feel awful lol, I want one of those shakes!, does this mean that you had written 2/3 of your paper in a short enough time period that the auto save hadn't even kicked in?, that rain just won't let up, Testing FB Updates, God your amazing <3, yikes...I'll say, Interesting how Pgh police telling ppl not to come to Oakland when the area is the academic/medical center in, woah harsh words!, Need Bears updates, Blended some raw Irish moss in to my smoothy. It's loaded with protein, A,B,C,D vitamin and lot of other life-enhancing nutrients., Is anyone registering people to vote?, If you do come bring cause he aint got no car. He still got that NY state of mind riding trains all fukn day! hahaha, My formspring.me was hacked. Ugh. Some days, I wonder why I use any of this social media stuff., Meaat a bad bitch white wine, what is the d-word?, So I know the suck this year, but you gotta wonder how long a leash Gardenhire has left., keep me posted on that yo!, oh yeah...big, big girl decisions...,let's do this!, phew, that's a relief... In that case I'll cross my fingers for you!, ..just landed at for their 'Tap This! Eat That' beer/ food truck pairing featuring, yeah it's been very easy going, especially after finishing Moby Dick not too long ago, We are 1 views away from 3000. Leave a comment a win a free Bullets Tee., I hate #fastFood ... Having 2 deal with it bc 2 hungry, This dude looks just like Martin Lawrence and acts like him too!, #FreshmanYearTaughtMe High school is hard. Do home work and actually study for tests and quizzes. Oh and the next 3 years will be the best., thanks for the tours and locations!, Life could only be comprehended backwards; but it has got to be lived forwards., Arctic Babies Rug | Mommy&#39;s To Be, Is it a good thing or a bad thing for students to use social media to learn more about their instructor?, "My" cat's name is Monster. He's my neighbors, but likes to visit in my house and runs to greet me when I drive in., RT RT V.Quote "I'm always fascinated by the way memory diffuses fact." - Diane Sawyer (1945 - ), Baby ima be ya boyfriend (;, GM twitter it feels go to be ur boss in the book industry I feel everyone has a story to tell so put it on paper, people really don't like to party in this town...what is this!?!?! i want to party all day everyday., Another gorgeous day outside. Wish there was such a thing as an outdoor office!, Sending a birthday shout out to our very own !, Check out our new background! Here comes the sun!, so true!, sometimes i hate twitter cause i cant spell, WELL HELLO THERE :), Leaving #SECNOLA St Patricks Day parades still running strong in Metairie. From arena take I-10 west to Airline go west to Causeway., At the library then i gotta go to work, best halftime ever!!!!!!, #PsychoT baby lets go!!!!, When my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back Cause he know that it’d be a wrap when I’m riding it from the back, Heading to the airport in the tomorrow..., I love how you must be prompt for doctor appointments and yet inevitably wait an amount of time that would be unacceptable if reversed, #oomf never answer my text, well let me find da delete button.., I need some new tunes., #HappyMothersDay from all of us at Bellini Williams Island!, Missed my amazing new iPad tonight while away from it for the first time.....back now, thank goodness;;}, Hey San Diego! There are amazing things on the rise! Details will be coming soon!, heading out to Datca Aktur, Turkey today, excited about spending time at Med coast, worried about traveling with 2 kids one 10 months old, You better lay off those high kicks this weekend!, TDD is valuable but dangerous. It is HARD to think of all the test cases and your code fits only the cases you think of. Just learned that., God is so awesome. I slept right thru that turbulence. One more flight. God got me :) safe travels everyone. God bless u, #GoodThingsInTheWorld Jordan shoes., "I'm still here, but it hasn't been easy. I'm sure that you had your reasons." ::james morrison::this boy::, “You can’t fail until you quit.”, Yeah, I like all of them though. Sometimes after so many months I switch boyz but I don't tell them their last names, To my brother : Good luck today at the sir. Congrats again on all of your achievements. (Cc: ), is it summer yet, “: Awee how sweet of that girl to text you today #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay”, Definitely understandable. My thoughts are with you and my thanks go to your family., So cool! #nerdwin RT : that's on the set of You are in an open field. You're welcome., Look on the bright side. No riot this year! :P #Canucks via, You are enough #beyourself #nojealousy “: "You cannot chew with someone else's teeth." ~ Jewish Proverb”, Aargh! SO many new things I want to share from Twitter with those who don't yet tweet. Keep the great sites coming!, I support #Jelena :D, Oh those heartbreaking Red Sox..., I am not actually involved with anything tomorrow: just wanted to promote!, Young nigga gone get it, I'm considering walking over 1,000 miles for charity; probably wont ever happen, but what an awesome thought eh?, I'll beat you at any game, just name it, It seems difficult to based our decisions about the future of nuclear energy on 40 year old plants., if it was stupid then u should just tell him that so u guys can just move 4ward...unless it's not worth it, Inelegant people have higher salaries=the money you want. It takes more than an episode to hook us. Give complex shows a chance., Hey back at you, it's only 3 weeks late! :), billy cundiff equals choke, "Facebook’s Advice to Marketers: Post Stuff About Your Brand" ha... was that not obvious?, So, I'm in bed doing physical therapy on my knee. Snacking meds to feel better,yum yum !!! laying with my baby, and watching ferris bueller, welp bout to bond with my sister and nephews for a lil bit I do love them, This jaywalker near UNMH was stumbling he was drunk of the #zombieapopcalypse has started, Ah, you're talking about Kyle Wiltjer. Yep, hope he continues hitting 3's, Lord knows we'll need them., Thank you for following us and would like to know how we can get a SAKIRI vodka bottle to her?, "Finding You Work" tonite @ 10.A Decatur employer is looking to hire 50-75 people. If you don't mind answering phones,this could be for you., Saying "jumping the shark" jumped the shark about 15 years ago., ^jw I thought it was that corner but hard to confirm because it has changed so much, RT : Wrongkind niggas are the taste makers for the banger's.flyest drive bye shooters u ever seen!, Do any of my 8 loving roommates want to give me a massage tonight? :), #SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Gravity by, Brook, thank you for following me. Glad to be in your network., I always thinking about Austin <3, I would love to contribute to the body mechanics of massage research, you and Keila need to meet my friend she just moved to ny, Sutton: If you are one boss that has one loser after another, take a look in the mirror., #digitalsignage and #ooh screen owners, learn how to add locbit on to your and start monetizing your screen with local content.(video)..., This ain’t no love song, I just felt like gettin’ my guitar on, It's funny hearing campus tour guides talk about the library. Re: ILL-- "You can go online and order library books through our catalog.", damn yesterday was interesting, quickies, my alcohol tolerance disappeared, won some scratch on keno, & delicious guinness knockoff beer, you're nosey and mean!! lol, good night. I love you. xx, so far so good. I think smog is good for kriolus!, RT : Fun #TechMunch panels on brands, PR, blogs, publishers and great views at Annenberg, Apparently gold lame sneakers "aren't appropriate" for the gym. Pfft!, Yo, it's ....50% of women use their cleavage to get things...so be honest what have you used it for??, I love u Danielle, Jealously is always born with love but it does not die with it., That's not what I said, or what this argument is about, I said they COULD BE better than STANFORD., I couldn't get a hold of you so I made an exec decision. #CirqueDuSoleil tomorrow night. Maybe before?, I'm shy. By doing a bit of investigating on you might find me. I confirm or deny nothing., ain't it a lil questionable, be careful with our car., agree, that plays into their game, teehee, you should buy those portable fans that you can spray water on your face x)!, u have the best twitter profile pic ever.., No worries, appreciate your interest. :), Happy Birthday!!!! Have some coconut milk!, and run over!, Only the remix, New twitter page design is up. Can I get a word?, I am thinking that my granddaughter may be born tonight or very soon :), Agreed. Very moving! “: My favorite song was "Stay". Gorgeous voices and great song. I even got tears eyed.”, SO2 my pusslips <3 fuckin gorgeous! She's the nicest girl ever! You gotta get to know the real her <3 follow her!, Cool! I'm glad you like it :-), I meant that MSM needs to know why they shouldn't link to him in general. I think that's more important., yo go follow my girl, RT : If you think money can't buy happiness, then you're not spending it right!, Nearly 60 degrees and sunny for tomorrow - about time spring showed up in Wisconsin!, A good publicist...is strategic in her or his approach when working with media., You know it's a good hotel when there are bags over the smoke detectors, Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist., Grad Student Bowling Team sign-ups now! Three 4-person team spots remaining for Tuesdays 9pm @ The Annex. Email to join, There's always room for JLo., Michael Steele spotted at Bob McDonnell inagural ceremony., We do indeed have #PersonalLibrarians for all students & faculty. Admin departments someday, too., also, it must really bother you enough that my crap team always ends up beating yours., for halloween what would I need to be you in the ondeck circle, I predict Jon Snow dances with wolves now., Grove's Syrah comes from 22 yr-old vines. The oldest in NC? 2day '09 & '10 vintages are open. Drop by & taste this "mini-vertical" for free., It's almost thanksgiving and i want some effing turkey already gosh!, what u tired of?”), Cabin In The Woods has put me on a horror binge, but I think my landlord now thinks I'm some weird perv from all the screaming he's hearing., Happy Trivia Tuesday! Of the 92 natural elements in the earth’s crust, what does Gold rank in rarity (what #)? No Googling!, What a wonderful community...Love ! Sorbet, cool tea, and FLOWERS! Come out and see us on the Greenspace for #Earth Week!, I've been trying to support, but I've been busy preparing for Cannes. Glad you enjoyed it., I am going with Memphis and Miami in the Finals. This year, I believe LeBron will silence his critics. What do u think?, ill bring the beer...but tell ur mom to back off because I'm with u lol, I want a lil boo thang...someone real.., cannot wait so spend 2-3 w/ my babe.. first time camping!, Shut the fuck up laker crowd!, it is hot as fuck i need me a cold beer or 2, yep! And I spoke on how to keep a fanbase engaged in a genuine way inbetween "asks", I am. And I'm taking my family of four., And if our God is with us, then what can stand against?!, After Think Like a Man, Michael Ealy and Taraji's tongues are going to have their own IMDB., She badder than a 3 year old ., Today will attempt to run 4 miles. There's a first time for everything. Wish me luck!, Looking for an inexpensive (but still nice!) place to hold a wedding reception in Connecticut....., Just finished the Frontline web chat. A lot of great questions -- and not all were from my old boss :) Still making it better!, Boo, is that rain I smell?, hahaha that's me! and your right., But you can in #indyschool no? (fire them = separation from schl for non-performance academically), this may be late but, YUCK, don't do it!, Just signed up, I love your recipes!, Comedy? performs as The Navy Appeals and Alpha Squid tonight, 8:00 at Tech Love 3901 Central Ave. NE Albuquerque, NM 87108, only $5!, Ii Don't Feel Like Fixing Anything , So Ii Got Me A Bowl Of Cereal., There's so many fake people in my school., Cant wait till teen wolf., s/o to for the follow, ya'll have MUCH cuter twitter handles than me, At the beach, perhaps the only urge stronger than the desire to build a sand castle is the desire to smash a sand castle., lots of Asians?, Happy Friday thanks for the FB!, that's good:) why really good?, "war on religion". Take another shot!, followed, follow me back please? :), Is it weird that I want to salt everything with caramel in it??, hate it, so stressful, Our concert is this Sunday at 6pm at Sandia Prep Theater #ABQ. Come support local kids singing and dancing for kids with, short story collections, hands down!, Straight up obsessed with my dental health lately, My toys love it. They tell me every day..... They are demanding brushable MonsterKolor now.... and I must comply. :), Parents went to mothers day dinner...without the kids. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>, I want some new cowboy boots! My are all worn out!! But that's what you get when you practically spend your life in a barn(:, i think taylor swift is talented but i dont really like her that much, exactly. So I'm not a whore hun., Pleasure to meet you , fellow Houstontian., Got a B on my theology quiz and I told my professor to recheck that. I have to sound out the word to even spell theology, Didn't Go To School Today :D But My Body Is HURTING A Lot D;, Anyone going to the game tomorrow?, damn i'll be in jersey too but at KTUphoria -_-, i should really do my hw, oh that's pretty awesome! I'm Cuban & a little Italian!! (:, Been a privilege watching you compete! You have a lot to look forward to, continue to Be Great!, This fish school is stupid I woke up at 8:30 for this shit and ends at 3:00 and its barley 12:00 :/, Strong work. I don't believe that I'm familiar with that one on the far right., Rookie Patriots Ridley is making the Jags D look ridiculous...I love it.., Guys look up Andrew Constancio. Doesn't he look like Alex!? :D, Okay, that's just a scary, scary concept. But you know there's a group of women somewhere salivating for that list!, Take the deal, Tybo-son, take it. You'll make more in one year than you would on your own in ten., Looking forward to seeing you (if you can spare the time), Ensure the safety of your children at home. Install an alarm system today! 877-760-2143 Serving ALL of Louisiana, you've been so productive today, haven't you… lol time to start a new series!, Thanks for the RTs & tweets yesterday, break a leg Brian!, Tough loss, but what a sweet half court shot at the buzzer. Too bad it wasn't a 2 point game., If you rap showcase your skills tonight on #LateNightLesbiansRadio via its all about you !, Bad sex is not the same as disappointing sex on, Great picks :), Get in for our BBQ Pork Torta! Pulled pork tossed in tangy BBQ sauce, topped w our tasty Mexican Slaw!, Done with heady glass tings. Now on to beer tings!, its for a surprise birthday i just wanted to see if you and the guys could visit for an hour or two/cost, RT : I'm in a business where no one cares about anything except how well your last collection sold. ~ Calvin Klein, i'm ready for my close up ms. mazzurco, RT : Embracing uncertainty is the key to creativity, Another great movie to watch. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo., Yes! RT : Congrats to , and for running an awesome campaign of twitter shock and awe yesterday for, Yeah dude Ghost Recon is gonna be good! I hate when things get pushed back, its for the better if they can make the game better!, what do you promote?, NOO ur way charming, flawless & ur sweeter than the sweetst honey on earth:), New iPhone 4s for xmas and it's pretty rocking. I hope everyone had a great holiday and has a great new year., Ariana's boobs > Mo's weird mask thing, Boston Loves what you do!! Keep up the good good and keep us laughing! Follow back Boston?, Going to bed and waking up as tired as you were when you went to bed <<<<<, I asked Rick Nielson of if he patterned himself after Satch of the Bowery Boys, he said Never heard of him! Good Answer., Sorry to hear this, Best of luck in your future endeavors and we are looking forward to seeing you in a new project soon!, Whew! Missed by a few inches on the map...! Welcome to Springtime in Tulsa...The weather folks are going tor an Oscar the whole way!, When my timeline is filled with teenagers ranting about politics <<, Wanna piss off a fan base? All you have to do is ask is "who's #MichaelJackson #Ladygaga #JustinBeiber or #Onedirection" it's a #DeathTweet!, Looking to connect with people familiar with the aviation finance industry and their data/information needs. Know anyone?, Good Morning :) RT : Morning beautiful people..make it a beautiful day..we are, All Day!, A loving heart is the truest wisdom. -Charles Dickens, Purchased as singles from the Paradox, of course., You can't let them get to you Ocho just keep being you and the wins will come!, Are you kidding me? Glee?? What is this crap?, Increased engagement makes sense w/ the improved usability optimizing for exactly that (among CURRENT followers), I AGREE!! too bad he would rather be mine. LIKE JOHN! <3 MRAHAHAHAHA!, RT : Oh, you just graduated? Can I get an Number 1 with extra pickles and no mustard?, Students: Want a summer internship? Email with subject line "Summer 2012" & attach your resume. We'll review all!, It is dangerous to hunt animals because many hunters get shot by other hunters. Some hunters shoot anything that moves., Just because you agree with most points doesn't mean you buy someone's worldview 100%., Daria. That is all., Best one yet?, Houston friends, come watch the derby! You have half an hour to post!, do it! Apply! They need good people., Awesome job, Rickey! Way to go!, consistency is the key to your success to your business or product ....if the consumer keep seeing it they will eventually buy, nothing much :) wbu & i miss you two !, #Thanksgiving I'm thankful for the pain. For without hurt, there's no love. Plus, it loses its appeal after 100 times., Rt!! Love it too!, for real, who the hell picked this matchup for primetime, keep up the good work. Sounds like your stock is on the rise., I like the feeling of a little jalapeno pepper juice in my eye., Morton Downey Jr. documentary called "Évocateur" coming in 2012., haha so what are you going to do for the summer?, William Shatner's The Captains comes on EPIX tonight. I've got your ticket, HD DVR from DISH Network. Call me: 350-6428, Why are you not eating Classic Slice right now? Love yourself. Get some pizza! Bay View 238-2406 North Ave 270-1880, couldn't agree more. From our experience, good editors are an extension of their writers and their biggest fan., Thanks for those RT's for the arts!, if we loved again, I swear I’d love you right., It sounds nasty yo lmfao then these niggas try to kiss the girl RT: lol that shit nasty", offering a great webinar series in April so save the date!, ": long time no see fam" been grinding suga, Dear, Jerry, can you say, "Unhealthy obsession?" :P LOL!, Check it out: just joined Twitter., me too! Its a good thing bc when we get old we'll look like were in our 20s haha, Listening to Effington on our way through Effingham, IL., “: Early to bed & early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy & wise. -English Proverb” your point? #lol ;), National Weather Service just upgraded all of #NYC to a Winter Storm Warning... now expecting 6-10in of snow by 2am!, That would be awesome! Definitely let me know! I'll look into both of those when I return mine., Thanks to KEXP's Sonic Reducer show for spinning my solo record. I bet their phones were ringing off the hook., you're a moron., NTMY as well! and thank you for the follow! Thank you for your follow too! Happy Friday from WWVC!, All jokes aside my sister has a mental disorder., If "ShareWithMe" was that amazing, I can only imagine... Man, my repeat button is going to hate me!, Sick, staying home from school., good murttingg to u mr :) “: Yo! good Murttingg Sir”, If I use a time machine to go to another timestream to READ, so that I'm just more well-read in this one, will that f*** s*** up too much?, both All Hands On Deck & Here's To You,Girl are slowly becoming some of my favorite songs yup, Today is a lazy day for me (x, Update: This week so far ive auditioned for 2 films, a game show, and a guest starring role on CSI Miami! :) keep your fingers crossed!!, wouldn't blame him..., That's why Corso wears the Duck head! RT NY Times reports that ESPN's Corso, Herbstreit & Fowler all have had deals with Nike, tell to such it up take vitamins and play cod!!! tonight. Lol, Great fun comedy aud now walking the streets of nyc ;), Happy BDay To My Homie My Brother From Another Wizard O*Boya Money 2 Be Seen U Already My G Its #PirateGang And Ya Don't LIke It, As a woman, I should not be the source of your ego, but I damn sure should help boost it, Always thankful when I can work my way through ticket counter lines and security lines, Today's schedule includes Prosevere, Coheed, and Wiz. If you can tell and Claudio Sanchez apart, you're doing better than me., Crime does pay. The law protects the crap & the criminals in this world., Bah, too kind. When's the next covert mission to spy on Orion?, I think I might get this whole watermelon, So pumped to be going to the home opener today!, LOL me and you both roh fucked up this time, Okay, that's not good....RT : Freedom (the app) crashed my machine every time. Not quite the freedom I wanted., I dawg tha bitch u call tha bitch I hit tha bitch u miss tha bitch if thats yo main what is she to me?, yeah. Feels great don't it? -____-, have a good work out Matt! :), no problem Hun!, #ICanHonestlySay I Love Animals!, thanks for the #FF mention, not yet my mang, R.I.P. La Dectric Robinson one of, ikes finest, why was he watching? Wow!, Plus even if I could get a job as a scientist, scientists in the US make less money then high school drop outs!, Thanks for a terrific conference TIE! Enjoyed meeting lots of new online colleagues from South Dakota and neighboring states., I've watched it like 5 times already, I just can't get enough haha and I regret nothing, The Steeler victory has inspired me 2 keep on learning how 2 let go of immediate anger & disappointment in order 2 move on 2 hope & victory!, well someone told me about this program I can download (i forget what it is) and I downloaded it onto my laptop, I think I figured it out. Folks, watch out for the #AntivirusLive virus, and, obviously, don't pay for the software as it's a scam., David, my condolences to you as well. The unconditional love of a pet is just a taste of God's love. God will give them back!, clue what up!!! can u play that To The Top by Ja Rule off #PIL2? please RT!!!, Greek yogurt is a great breakfast item. Lots of protein and it's filling!, #Phillies Cole Hamels suspended five games and fined undisclosed amount. Hamels could pitch Sunday against Padres., If someone offers you a breath mint, accept it. - H Jackson Brown Jr, yes please do! I'll add., Five Favorite Films with Whit Stillman Back in the 1990s, Whit Stillman wrote and directed what might be regarded as three modern America, Why is there no food in this house<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, i have a phone interview this afternoon. #pleasethinkgoodthoughts #ineedallthe joojooicanget, Question, I’m in a throwback mood. So should I watch House Party or Krush Groove when I get home???, Goodbye mountains, I'll miss you!, Former Lakeland High star and current Carolina Hurricanes winger Patrick Dwyer skating for Team USA in World Championships, I'm a very sensitive person ~.~, April closed and in the Books! 1st Quarter a success. Onto May!, RIP Patrick Swayze, I'am SO EXCITED!, I-O, Raw, Raw, Like a dungeon dragon ;), Happy Monday lets make it a great week once again Redstar fans!!!, 1) Great job Denny's manager, earn that 10/hour 2) It seems that 0 patrons left 3) Is Denny's wrestling now a sport?, Wait...sorry-you DO Foursquare already! I have to look u up., Nice. One of these days I will break down and buy one. So much goodness comes from the little manual focus rangefinder., going to 1d merch shop tomorow on chapel street :), haha.. I love your enthusiasm!! My hint was to easy. Keep checking Facebook, twitter, & our website. Updates are coming soon!!, There's gonna be traces of my lipstick on his neck (;, I reeally don't care who wins but I hope its the Celtics, "...so while in my storm I'll BOLDLY PROCLAIM; IT IS WELL W/ ME..., “: its so chunky” it's phat., Opening: Friends with Kids, Afghan Star (7pm, March 14th, tix $5), Continuing: A Separation, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, The Descendants, Rebecca has been cooking for me again at Publix ;), can you give a shoutout for some more followers?(:, I swear it's a full moon tonight! So many psychos!, flava flav's big ass clocks <<<, RT : acting goofy/slow in our school today... wonder what's up. {Good it isn't just mine!} Me TOO!!!!, Was going to wait til today to euthanize Satchel to watch NYY @ BOS together. Now I'm glad I didn't., im not a mexican and ok bumm, Good Morning!! :) You should have some Papaya for breakfast., Sad reading.... journalists should never die for such a thankless Job, So you must have ordered 2 servings of mashed potatoes right?, Worked with a friend who is a math ed prof and helped get his students tweeting. He required it. Got them hooked, I think., Anyone who has ever fucked a fat girls belly button can tell you, it's not "all the same in the dark"., Thank you. RT : Good luck with the retooled resume...you write with intelligence and grace., :) We miss you yes I need to get back to I think they forgot what I look like, 32 seconds to get my first spam: “: Hey you should follow they follow back! ;)”, uploading a new video :D btw thanks for 1,000+ views on my call me maybe cover <33, My dream used to be to work at Paisley Park, until i was told they only hired vegans...., how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 24, Damn Blake hurt, I think gaga killed me with that arrival, ronnie francis was the,man that year 2..., I would call tech support I would there is a easy fix for it. *611, come to tonight to quench your thirst..., Dare to be different ...to achieve greatness RT : Strength lies in differences, not in similarities., Do bumble bees pee?, I drown myself in music wen the world dries of silence!, I know it's still early, but this is the time when everything needs to start clicking!, You know when you ve gone for a girl who s abit too young when you ve got to make the train noise to get your C, I don't think so either., Don't forget it's Gold Card Week. 4 more days to cash in on great savings!, Looking forward to meeting my neighbors this weekend - I'll be out and about...all over District 7, Cool. Sounds Great . writing it on the schedule now ., - My nephew was good & he loves superheroes and the 2D showings were sold out. I just needed to see The, My goodness. At first I wondered if that was for real. Horrendous., love the pic, Tucson banks did well in third quarter - Arizona Daily Star Tucson banks did well in third quarter Arizona Daily Star Tucson banks and cr, ...i cant feel a damn thin, It's friday Friday! Gotta get down on Friday!, "Be true to the best you know. This is your high ideal. If you do your best, you cannot do more." H.W. Dresser, Let's make sure it isn't me. I like my life... so far., Happy Father's Day to all the great dads out there! Hope you got more than ties..., Are you ready for this Philadelphia?? #1045BdayShow TODAY, thx for the reply. The tv is not as much of an issue than I'm on the 2nd floor with no privacy curtain I the windows., keep it together Helen, due to the time involved?, #milwaukee Wood Fact of the week:One tree can absorb as much carbon in a year as a car produces while driving 26,000 miles., Hoffa speaks truth... Romney and his goons in the GOP care nothing about this country ... that being the 99 percent!, ...The Who. John Lennon. The Beatles. The Rolling Stones. The Kinks. Nirvana. Interpol. Beach House. Prince. Michael Jackson...Davis Fetter, Thanks for your interest. We have every intention of expanding so hopefully we will be in Italy before too long!, Always at work during the games... :(, ok that's weird, Headed home. I hate the BPL just a little bit today., Hey everyone....just wanted to say a quick hello and introduce myself. My name is Katie. I'll be the one posting the updates from now on :), I need some new friends, Greenberg: The lunch break I was afraid would not end, #AskBuddy Do you support increasing national R&D funding for renewable energy? Increasing NSF, NIH funding for basic science research?, Hey Trish! Totally depaends where you live but generally between 1 and 3 inches..., Hey People(:, there's always Wheel of Fortune! I'll hook it up., Lutisha call me! Gonna get you at 4:15, yeah, I don't want to get dramatic about it...but I'm totally about to throw myself into a freakin laser beam, I would like to sleep tonight, I would be first in line for this museum of yours!, Hater's Motivation still coming motherfucka ;), Andrew Walsh, Keynote Speaker: focusing on what does mobilizing of search mean for info literacy?, why must we be so awesome?, well that was a pretty snoopy move there mister./:, - congrats man! You guys deserve it!, Everytime I see you, my heart drops 50 stories..<3, It's time to rock East Memphis! Who's coming out to Dan McGuinness tonight? We crank up at 9:30 - see you there!, UH-O We Have A MuthaFuckin Problems.M.P., He who laughs last didnt get it., At Bentley U, "Are you impressed?" This is what I ask my toddlers each and every time a car rolls by blaring crappy hip hop, rims-a-spinnin., remember I'm first in line for handouts, there's a Vietnamese restaraunt over on 3rd st that will take it, I'm sure. Lol. That's so wrong!, The cast of Ruined is amazing !! Yay for opening tomorrow night, There's a meadow of what looks like marsh on the bike route, and what sounds like pokemon in the tall grass. Best bike ride ever., when ever you want!, Happy birthday Ciri! Hope you're celebrating with lots of sweets!, “: No matter how much cash I sit with, still gotta ask the lord for forgiveness.”, yup...#LiveFromDarylsHouse is the BEST damn thing ever!!!....period....;-)) I am so hooked..., The Chihuahua has Long coat Long and soft to touch, slight wavincss permissible. Smooth coat Short and dense, soft to touch.., “Attitudes are contagious. Is yours worth catching?”, Doug Johnson regarding school lib's~No choice but to adapt to the challenge of what's going on. It requires true innovation., It goes without saying this is tragic and disgusting! Unfortunately Iran has a history of executing gays with no end in sight., Putting together a hot new website, content and forms for the 144 team Rose City Showcase 'X' bball invitational for the tenth year!, Thanks for attributing us and in your retweet :), She's still in Cincy., just watching the transplants replay. great work tonight! you guys need to get Aunt Gert on twitter, Hardoop the next security thing?, how is espn comparable to pinterest???, Thank god there's a new saturday. Since I'm sick all weekend. It's gonna give me sunshine like always . <3, Imagination has brought mankind through the dark ages to its present state of civilization, Thx! We love your #SocEnt model - amazing what our communities will do when a simple model offers attractive benefits to everyone!, Shoutout to Welcome back Welcome back Welcome Back, Cinnabuns are kind of fucked up when ya think about it., It's been 7 years since the #Os have been six games over .500, I love my boyfriend!, Hangin' w/ my peeps at #nafsax ! , , Already had gr8 ed abroad meeting this morning. Off 2 c, His name is Mr. HBCU, yeah you're everything i've ever dreamed of having and it's everything i need just knowing you wait for me <3, even though it says "DNS Setting Incorrect", they could be correct? Just need to wait it out? How can I confirm that?, #Apple had $7.9 billion in revenue from #China in Q2, Fingers crossed that there's a Green Jello reference coming next..., If this is my ceiling ....... Its gonna be my floor real soon..., my dude is coming back to life!, That awkward moment when your grandma says 'Fo Sho', touché and Amen!, Say hello to Larisa Zade, our Communications Specialist!, dude he just called u fat OH HELL NO HOLD MY CAKE!!!, The Way I See it: Front door sends a message, Man im hungry as fck but i just dnt feel lik buyn nun, Thanks! Glad you like the mag, Etsy chat doesn't seem to work for me, PW gets me traffic, no idea though of sales, not much if any, I've been waiting for an hour already lol, :-( glad you survived!, ufc 100 lives up to the hype! hendo gets gold star for the flying sledgehammer, Well last night was crazy, *puts on my Party Poison costume and grabs my gun* Alright, lets go kill some bitches, i dont want to hear you call me a trappey slut . u dont no who i have f***ed .., just know all the worksheets, that's all I know... You'll still do better than me.., so what actually happens after the set? Nap time? Shower time? Packing up?, you didn't miss that much...., Isolates are important if you are a brand, if you are a community you want connections, The Arnold Palmer . Iced T and lemonade, getting ready to watch #hanson be awesome as always!, Thanks to all who came out to meet our Cabo Wabo Reps and sample tequila last nite. I've heard great feedback about how fun it was., :D :D :D you loves me, Happy Birthday Mr. President., I think 1500 is a more realistic goal... And entirely possible. They play awful NFCW secondaries this yr., This may be the inventors always do, but my way a little different. I’m thinking while tweeting.., " ...and then today I just stopped and said what if I don’t want to be a shoe, what if I want to be a purse", I find this marijuana thing so interesting! I truly believe the drug companies keep mj down not morality (and I don't smoke it), Watching the Oscars !!!, How about them #AAPLs? Can we get back to running the stock up again? #recordsales #$110billionincash, Thank you for the RTs and mention - -, And the final winner of #wtfweek contest is ! Pls DM us your address & a limited edition Box Set is headed your way!, I bought Angels' Blood because of the cover & then discovered just how great is!, Would Love to know what people think!, Not only is that salary horrifying, but requiring knowledge of trigonometry? This is a joke, right?, Up early in the am I can sleep when I die, how are you, I think I'm ready for another hamster..., I've been at two Final Fours when KU lost. Was supposed to be '08 but auto accident changed that and they won. Daughter claims I'm a jinx., you watch Scripps too? I thought I was the only nerd left watching it :-o, I don't want to be nudged..., ONE MORE GAME!, “Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.” - Ann Landers, Everytime I think of you I just want to be with you, Yea it's like 30 minutes from Tampa I went out there a few weeks ago, Awww the creatures!, Ok so I'm drinking and your not here! ! Hurry, Boots And Bikinis starts at 11! Come drink with me -, Smart article on #voguearchive All of your thoughts were dead on., I will investigate craft at PL8 tomorrow. Planning Yelp event there., i just want to be with you .... it upsets me that i cant, that's good, bro. Life gets tough, but stay positive., my stupid question of the day... what's the email address I send my info to, to join this fan club of yours?!? ;-), Well, so much for my Cyclones. Completely fallen apart... inability to hit a 3 has been disastrous., Would anyone like a Christmas card from me? Message me with your address., We're wrapped on "Bad Blood!" It was a lot of work, but a blast working with the entire cast and crew., My Canon Mark IV videos will be posted soon, Supreme Hotness!!!!, THANKS SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME.. I FOLLOWED BACK!!, LET'S TWEET ABOUT OUR FEELINGS YOU FIRST THEN I'LL SAY JUST KIDDING, dirk faders OFF GLASS A, Merry Christmas to all! Hope you are having a fabulous day with your families!, Everyone always talks shit, so what?, and that is how you get to a game 5..., While it is often true that people are pigs, it is never true that pigs are people. - Mary Roach, Wishing there were a maximum allowable duration for any cold or flu. And they should not be allowed to span weekends. Just sayin'! Guh..., DC: Jonetta Rose Barras the queen of propaganda! Where is that article on DOMESTIC VIOLENCE I requested??, RIP Donna Summers. So sad to hear of her passing, thanks, that means a lot. I know right now is really hard but I'm here for you, anytime <3, #MBYUNO follow me, Yes it did., i havent seen the news, but judging from the trending topics... it looks like president obama announced his support for greg oden., I think tthey charge weekly like between $200-400 dollars or every two weeks that amount, THOR was bad ass!, Electric toothbrushes have been found to clean your teeth more efficiently. Do you prefer a manual or electric toothbrush?, woah! heated munich played better second half, Free drinks while you shop? UH, duh. CRAM them. This week has their Spring sale. Check in to get double #Belly points., Splawns are the sickest amps out there. You got to know how to tweak it the right way, especially the QR. Some people use a eq., Show tonight at Tritone on south street between 15th and 16th. Get there!, TRUE 118, Row T, Seat 4, At a photo exhibit in Seattle. It's all photos of Soundgarden. And one of Mark Lanegan., so if u need a minute u got it, its been way too long since i've had animal crackers, just killed it!, Hopping in the shower...have Basketball Wives playing in my bathroom as I shower., only a few lol depends on the beer I suppose :), All Around The World x Mac Miller #BestDayEver #MostDope !!!, I'd argue that d& gs later work is all about objects. That's what the machines are. They provide a rich acct of assmblges and obj, Yeah. I'd often wondered if we should have a separate acct for live tweeting (which we do frequently)., thank you MWRD and thank you Sen. Durbin for touring our great ward!, I am so fucking horny today. I'm going to have to skip out of work and go cruise for cock., Whats new that happened this week?, congrats my nigga, seems to be the concensous! Lol, It is me shooting - good catch :), Hey everyone im Irina Lisca i have my own youtube page plz subscribe at IronicPenguinZ thx, been procrastinating on here for a while mate...hows life?, How ever good or bad the situation give it time. Time heals almost everything. Give time, time., "I'm like a hairless rat rn." o.o, I sure wish i was on a plane to Miami! Haha, hm u couldn't have seen Trey tweet this pic yesterday sendin massive floods up & down twitter, Bob Kerrey was at Michelle Obama fundraiser in Omaha on Tuesday (via pool report), Did you know a Rock Star is neither a rock nor a star. It's a greasy guy who loves leather pants and cocaine, sure ! And why ?, thanks NOLA for supporting my music!, Tagging Tuesday! Thank You for all that you do!, What's your favorite way to relieve stress?, need some tea in my life, am now eating pizza with friends watching degrassi marathon, Ipad2 and iPhone 5 youtube.com/watch?v=3UytiX…, Wishing everyone a safe and fun Memorial Day holiday!, Good morning to recent follows and new friends and Have a great day., This is taking too long., I can spot saggy titty a mile away, It's going to expand and watch other sports :), Jets ground and pound is back only if John Riggins will come out of retirement., Theres no gr8ter feelin than seein Lexi smile big as she runs toward me full speed with her arms open to give me a hug., How long can you stay in the bad part of the Internet before BECOMING the bad part of the Internet?, Hey brosef, when can and I meet ya for lunch someday?, I need to step up my athletic game.. I've lost a bit of quickness..., That just sounds so AWESOME!!!, was it deleted mine got deleted as well, Is everyone having a wonderful Martin Luther King Day?, It's about not letting sadness win., I just wish people's expectations would align with what they are willing to fund (and pay for). Especially in IT., Thanks!!!! Blessings!!!, haha...awesome. Best high school job ever!, Just tried the new 8 Layer Dip... heaven, I'm pretty sure my 4.5 year old daughter learned to read from interactive books on our (her?) iPad., Underrated band..., Srsly? Google scans look like crap compared to those done by, Of all the incentivized states, I wonder why I haven't been offered a job in Georgia or Louisiana., are you from Ohio...?, witch sex, I accidentally got to church early this morning and had to talk to people. I'll have to plan better next time., I love my sweet diesel ride and a sour diesel high. Coincidence??? :-), #MUSICREVIEWS Clare Free - Dust And Bones - Funky Moma, Sonic for lunch. I've missed this place., Thank you. I think., agree...RT : Dirk has more confidence in Haywood than Big #33 has in himself, next weekend ;), i went to buy some panda expree it soo yummy (:, Today feels so long., Awesome photo, sir!, One step closer to that Baylor-Florida Final Four showdown...., Nice little surprise seeing my name on the Black List today., Also, why is the AT&T helpbot convinced I have U-Verse? I don't., Going to watch the hockey game tonight! :) Go Canucks Go!!!, #WFUD12 Chuang: credit and citation are the most important parts. But essentially no moral rights in American copyright law., Josh you need Annette to draw your pills, Just high fived im going to catch his sickness o_0, Amen. Sup, you?, Barack Obama campaigned on cutting the national debt in half. Instead, he has raised it higher than ALL previous Presidents combined!, I was thinking the same thing ;b Lol, lazy Tuesday was made for this particular Tuesday right?, Lol Cory gotta chill, GOD prepared us to go through the hard., Local mother breaks down in court. She's on trial for withholding cancer treatments for her son, who later died. at 5:30 on, You go, girl!, #whitepeoplewednesdays drum circles. Music festivals. Salvia and mothafuckin coors light son! ...together, I plead the 5th :P, | Thanks for a great meetings of the minds this morning., ima do me., I jumped into a river today, I got out faster than you could blink. Shit was COLD. ...andicantswim, about to search for something fresh for the new album i'm working on, I got my giant poster! Thank you!! :D, MY BABY SWEDES THO OMG MY TEARS, The table next to us complained 4 times about their food and server. I almost confronted them on their selfishness and attitude. Would you?, wait... Isn't rolling thunder on memorial day?, Evidence that the Civil Wars did great on the #grammys - their website is down due to capacity issues., #YouCuteAndAllBut you must be broke with how you never wear clothes in any of your pictures ., Omg I got a D., Warm, soft, clear, and serene, so jealous of the fucking boys they can get anygirl they want, In NYC? Catch TRACES at Union Sq Theatre - acrobatics, dance, music, passion, verve and imagination!, EXCITED FOR #SandersSunday !:D, And also, "IndoctriNation" just went live on RBN and the early feedback is that the drums are retarded!, (Re)collections: Trauma, Collective Memory and the Archive panel at USC Doheny Library, No problem, He is awesome and I really hope he wins! He deserves it!, The Guy who i thought was Jackie Chan, his real name is Su...., Nothing better than seeing a friend stand up and kill it., more girls need to fall in love with their best friends!!!!, Me too. I get inundated with new follower notifications. But, to find a REAL person? It had to be "celebrated" like that., Reports of a few homes damaged in Pike County from a possible tornado there this AM. Oak Grove Rd. area mentioned in those reports., I think I've insulted McGinn enough for now. What other public official deserves my ruthless scorn?, speedy recovery for my Uncle Jasen, Earl the goat Manigault was the best player that never made it and Lebron James look like the best player that will never win!!, does it have a hitch for the Turnbow dome?, #ThingsEminemTaughtMe He can't be my Superman., Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Eden Landwermeyer on the 12U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program., ??? ": Interesting opportunities to think about", Happy St. Patrick's Day! How are you celebrating?, Are some boys in New York City upset that had 2 teams in the championship?, Billy get a new twitter?, See. Closeout games are easy., is it weird that I like my the way dead roses look almost better than when they were alive...i just like, Too Easy! RT : Kids these days have it so easy. I mean, for starters, their sweatpants have pockets., awh true;) do you turn yours over to the cold side?:S, favorite part about #thevoice is -- time for a spin off?, very serene pic and good for u for practicing #yoga while traveling! yay for yoga!, my lips are sealed., and a happy thanksgiving to you and your family as well,, all is well with you I assume ,, Charged and ready for another day. - Phone, Okay, I think I've made my choice. I just played "the game" a little more than I like to., Sidney Hillman helped elect FDR and brig about the New Deal. #hillman2012. Foundation honors muckraking journalists., Cool story bro., Many thanks for the mention! Happy #FF !, Brew Zoo, better than expected. I will be back! Thanks zoo, breweries, and sponsors & anyone else involved...., it gets easier thankfully as you keep routinely exercising. Today's my gym day. 25 min on Eliptical &I'm done. ;), #IWantToPunchPeopleWho say swag, yes!! I need to, #nowplaying- Hollow by Cooper Point. Of course! ;) so good., AYE.! I Got MI Name In A Hashtag Lmaoo.., Oh shit a fight might go down!!:), Papa needs a breather, see you all in 20. Nice work, RCRD!! Excellent bout thus far, Live streaming the new york city st.patricks day parade! My sister is marching!!, hey miranda you can speak really german ?, I always end up spending 300% more time at IKEA than I want to, They say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself, Well you really suck, giants are mah team!, agreed. There's some insanely funny moments and great one liners. But I'm not sure I like it. Or what it says about us youngins., RT : Go follow . They're on their twitter game 24/7 and lookin for 2000 followers., walk to remember, Late start!!!xD, not a lot. About 100 left and going quick., Thank you, Ann. I accept via internet. RT : i'd like to give you a hug., Hey, is that some Ayden-ish hair?, I never have days like this. RT : It's a Dave Matthews and 5 shots of espresso kind of day., Stop trying to make people feel bad for you., At least they're not taking any chances., Im pumped to see you guys on that stage again!!, - So glad you liked it. I am excited about the album. I will also be seeing your show at the #HotelCafe on the 1st! :-), #YouWasCuteUntil you decided to use WAS in that sentence instead of WERE., do you know anything about Baltimore superblock?, Remember that time you put the dust jacket from my book on your book, then spent days searching for your own book? Awesome., Maybe more., Enjoying a pedicure and hot stone massage. :-), omg the lights are going to go out, When Wendy texts you "she ratchet" and sends you a picture of you...... Love you to slut. -.-, Thank you for the follow. Hope people in the Legal industry will start integrating into Social Media., the practice of peace begins w the individual. be at peace with yourself. live the righteous life of self-love generously sharing w/ others, bday is coming up...you should do a party so you can get the free gifts :-), Always unexpect the expected., You are!, That's like asking, which 1 candy do they want in a candy store. It's hard coz YOU JUST WANT ALL OF THEM! <3 x, I need a jelly belly intervention (If they could make them all taste like the yellow window-cleaner flavor, that might help)., on this upcoming Ustream you should sneak in and kiss Austin on the cheek if you can!(: ~Sara, Half a bagel w/almond butter & a banana consumed & some coffee. Waiting for our ride down to, “: Keep your head up, We win and lose as a team. With Class.”, Tonight: Internationally acclaimed Richard Zeller's Recital, Theater Art's Mountain Language/Zoo Story, and White Bird: Oslund. Call 4 info!, yes we do have a 40 passenger bus. What we do is work with clubs and restaurants in north east Ohio,and set up private events, will do tomorrowv, Really blessed and loving life., Dangit - my ankle is getting all swollen., so you used to have this thing for girls named lauren..... i can introduce you to my friend lauren.... yeah., Okay, I'm done working. Who wants to take care of me for the rest of my life?!, You like what you're hearing?, Ah.... Makes much more sense. Way to be a go getter!, Thanks for giving us a try. Enjoy the day!, Three and a half hours on the Americas bidge and still not even at the top of the hump., nah he looks like a fuckin garden gnome, You know it's a good night when you get a bum to start rapping with you lmao, omg i love u!! im going to meet u on sat.(:, It was once against the law to have a pet dog in a city in Iceland., lol no doubt. Selling it for a bike I think, when guys get horney their boners act as a compass, he's just trying to locate North, Lol, eye see it but none of my ppls use it. Sorry, hopefully I'll hear it soon b4 it goes out of style., Lmao I remember when I was 9 and their son 13...i used to have a crush on him, lol, hahahaha., Was running late to class and thought I'd break out the old skateboard....on time but never again. Ever., yeah :P, With Huckabee, Daniels and the rapture out of the way, don't see much standing between Romney and the Repub. nomination, jaden love U so Much !!!! please follow me !! thanks !! It would mean the world if u did, Middlegrounds key lime stack with pecan wafers drizzle in caramel, Yup! It's RadioBedlam time! Grab Yr banjo or other noise maker and head on down, it's an #openmic Tuesday in, This is the most comfortable pair of underwear I have ever worn., i havnt texted tht much all year, I need a drink to calm my was down!!!, RTJust walked to the restroom #casualexercise - Think about all the calories you'll burn once you get inside :-), Ryan, LLC is currently hiring Tax Compliance professionals in Atlanta, GA and Downers Grove, IL. Please visit our website and apply today!, Not only do I fall down stairs, I trip up them as well- now that takes talent. haha i am such a clumsy person sometimes.., we know what that mean, Hate getting teary eyed watching, Pizza man fire top of mind today. Suspected arsonist starts trial today, UMD users: access to MatLab, SAS, MiniTab and more available on all EPSL public computers., Review: This is SUCH a good read, top notch New Yorker quality writing and a story that keeps evolving, keeps me guessing and smiling., Church @ #Agape & #dance class! Celebratin my soul!, Black Friday shopping that matters! Black friday only Get 15% off your order when you use the code given at midnight! Help those in need!, EVERYONE HAVING A GOOD NIGHT?, Always love what they have to say!, I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Mention me in a Tweet or go to 11Alive's FB page & "tag" me with a comment. Pls RT, Come-on Pacers, we got this game. Come out swinging and knock these Walt Disney World Warriors back into the swamp they came out of., I need somebody to love...<3, Does anyone ever wanna punch in the face as hard as I wanna on a hourly basis?, Was a time when dictionaries didn't come with pop-up ads for Crystal Light Mocktails., Waking up with headaches <<<<<<, thanks following me ...., so Sketchbook Ink is due in "spring" which ends tomorrow. Any news? Hungry bitmap hippos want to gobble vectors!, doing what makes me happy..., Buy #Screen #Guard for Sony Xperia Arc @$8.95, Thanxxx For Giving Me Aye Hug Today /: ( Sarcasum ], If i had 10 mil followers like oprah i wouldnt know what to say, yeah man, is a serious drain. I bet that was most of your problem. Totally killed my phone daily at, oh well what ever it is it's good, Shiz yeah Muthas! Check out the new sledgehammer "Dominion" and that will make you cool!, &#39;L.A. Complex&#39; Star Opens Pandora&#39;s Box, Much cooler today, big forecast coming up in a few!, New Twitter picture, check it out!, Friday. Much work accomplished. Much loss; a friend died. Much to think about. Much to let go., “ “ without God on my side , I wouldn't have made it through this year .””, Can I get a RT for being a huge Sharks fan? I have a Joe Pavelski jersey! And you threw me a ball once! And it's my birthday!, no problem<3, I'm back!, Oh fun! I still need to make it down there, Fantastic, thanks for the good read Mike., It's 80's day at work and I'm getting a lot of weird looks on my way to work!!, sometimes may be it is the only way to have peace with life!:-), Hey guys. is my life and I missed him a lot this summer. Even though he lives within walking distance. oh yeah, he's a cool cat., Oh no, they threatened to do it and they did. I hate this new facebook timeline., How can I apply to hogwarts lol, Goodnight Mikey. Don't forget, you're perfect. I love you. <U+E418>, i use my phone to talk too my by ~ & but hes not talking to me right now soo i shall not use it ., Just walked past american idol top ten on 4th and market. Annoyed they were blocking the sidewalk., Big enthusiastic crowd at Bedford's UAW Local 440 event tonight! JDG, watching the beastie boys tribute on MTV, Absolutely! Supper ?": winter in New York!! the team is very excited.. is there a dinner with scheduled?", wanna watch the video!!!, We've got the ESSENCE piece. Headline for Silver Sparrow review: BIG BLACK LOVE. (We love that!), then stop telling them shit thats prolly not even true.your so fucking fake!get over yourself.the world doesnt revolve around you, awe that's sweet. Thanks, enjoy your Sunday, The LIVES of the PEOPLE are not the first priority for MITT ROMNEY. RED FLAG PEOPLE! MITT ROMNEY'S father was for CIVIL RIGHTS and ERA., Thank God for a new day to be alive, Wow, thank you. This made my day!, We are having an amazing time at #STXFWE We love St. Croix!, I would like to be your first RT please -RT, Listening to Tom Katis, CEO of An incredible story and great entrepreneur. Thanks for speak today., Looks like this convo is ova., Happy birthday!, haha true true, but like if she was younger i could understand that but..., Wow! Why does the NCAA hate Memphis so much?, Has Matt McGloin been drafted yet? They can hold his rights to 2013, correct?, Oatmeal is nice at night. I do that sometimes. I'm eating chocolate covered raisins., Oy vey! Wearing bra that lets everyone know when I'm cold. Can a get a "what what" from all the la-la-la-ladies who know what I'm saying, RT Today will be a great day!!!, Lost followers, Oh, hah. Our designers are working on something better for when we launch our new contest site., hijacked Political conversation surely. If anything gets "restored", I sure hope it's sanity., creating a "life book" for a client 22" x 28" with a matching clam shell box. A gift for his new bride. sweet!, if you let your feelings go dear , it's crazy what you'll find, That spicy gryo i got today at was an amazingly good decision., camera adds ten lbs tho lol so I look slimmer face to face, #Obama logic: Increased Oil supply won't lower price - but unplugging phone charger will lower global temperature., Spirituality for LGBT Blacks is also a predictor of happiness. The more spiritual one is, the more happy one is (self-perceived), RT : bad bitches..., Just smile and let the world wonder why~, Don't know how I feel about #hungergames. District 11 uprising scene was by far the best scene of the movie. Very well done. Terrible CGI, Hey my friend how are u doing?, Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Arlington! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!, im tired of seeing all the hate. This year im thankful for my wife, my daughter, and the herd., Same! Obsessed with vmk! > “: I just realized I have so much to catch up on. #soexcited”, lovely. so glad they listened, Those folks need to get over it. Orlando is and always will be a big attraction for obvious reasons., Start every day off with a smile and get it over with, I give up. I'm cutting my toe off in 3....2....1, The fixed lens on the proposed 2/3 Scarlet is increasingly bugging me... will I really not have the option of putting a prime on there?, Love the Mayo Clinic social media support team. They are such a great group of really talented social media professionals., And you as well Brian! :), Thanks for following., Thank you for the tweet, we really appreciate it. We're new and growing fast. Hope you're having a great weekend!, Would you be interested in partnering with LTA for our June late nite show, "The Woman in Black"., were going holcombe hill tomorrow too for jam butties and a chill :) so u can come with us then x, perfect! :) good luck on your finals! i'll text you on thursday & we'll plan something!, At the Flyers game, having an AWESOME time! With GREAT seating, we would liked to go but maybe next time. Since we're not going we will be busy selling Cabinetry here in #ABQ!!, rofl.. while i would love to be Mel's friend, i seriously doubt that will happen., First day of shooting for the new Zimbo Film. I won't be on set today but I will be tomorrow, pics then., Fina watch scareface cuz im bored..:) i never really saw this movie., Great show topic today with the cover songs! Heard a lot of covers that I had never heard before. Thanks!, Last night at "home" for quite awhile.. Back to #Milwaukee tomorrow!!, Surprised Romney actually won, many are listed on my website, nwtekno.org, and take place at a variety of venues around the city, Great way to start the day Mr. Kodjoe., I forgot about them. What's that kids name? Deffs gonna jump in thur, u better go!, ugh. I hate greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run just for fun and be happy?, "After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true.", Kobe last sec shot time. Miss It! JINX, “: Homies teachers on there red now it's hot”, oops, come on Friday too, turn me on by nicki and David. Loving driving to that song with the windows rolled down, Dominos is still nasty, now I see why you'd subtweet about her :P, Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system. -P.J. O'Rourke, Had a headache was sittin next to a #76ers/#Phillies fan had to go shopping for a fan at #Meijer and feelin the lack of sleep from last nite, Finally watching the last Harry Potter:), My Vagina like....fell asleep., Such an exhausting day! I say its time to wind down with some Vampire Diaries :) <3, Congrats! What will you be working on?, Wow! Sagan is impressive., Thanks for eating our pizza and checking in on ! How was everything?, wait what??, Her name is Charlotte :) She sleeps to much haha, pot or not people? vote now., chicago teams except the cubbies blah.. exploded once again on the big stage, Black Documentary for the day "Unchained Memories: Readings from the Slave Narratives.", A Playful Spirit « Sunday Smiles, Anybody wanna FaceTime?, Lol cause u was demanding in ur Tweet lol goodnight lil bro, sounds real studious ms. Quweeeee, Watching some titan football movie in geometry, got another yellow pompom maker. Now there are 3., I hate the nerds that cover up their answers.. Like come on, let's work together bro., My kid IS one of those kids....Again, I'm around. Hope to c u in the future. (), ok - both of those were tour stock carryovers and in slimfit. 3 mo's?!? email us at help at goodrock dot com, depends on what you consider a pg. all around cp3 scoring Westbrook or d rose distributor rondo, Oh your welcome!!:), I love my pink cake!, cheeeeea and next week is graduation. They just won nationals!, #RitchieMoviePitch remake of The Breakfast Club but with actors in their late 80s-90s. Call it: THE SUPPER CLUB, Same as***, Hey twitter heads!, MT Psychologist Alexander Luria's lovely term for deeply-ingrained habits like writing: "kinetic melodies.", Also, extra big thanks to those of you who not only read our awesome posts, but comment. WE LOVE THAT! <3, I need a new group of boys, these niggas are never down for an adventure, Happy that the NY teams: NY Yankees, NY Rangers.. lol even the Mets won. I can care less for the Lakers. I ain't from LA Haha, you don't really *get* public transit, do you?, is so freakin' sexy., Who thinks "The Storm" would be a good name for our ep?, can you understand english?, My Baby So Bad, So what did you guys think!?!, Yes, because gays marrying straights does NOT work! RT “: Obama says "same-sex couples should be able to get married", Blackshear. MPHS gotta go for Louisville, #GoKingsGo power play!, plugged the lamp above my desk into the outlet attached to the lamp and then wondered why it wouldn't turn on...., No ones up and tweeting !, Injustice can be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations cannot be removed, Playing the throw backs ! R.I.P MCA, #nerdfighteriaworlddomination RT : HANK! On The Price Is Right! Right now! Someone is wearing a DFTBA shirt., The LOOK: Blonde Is Beautiful - GoLocal Worcester, In room 203 #podcampaz #pcaz for the Innovating Wordpress presentation with Eric Myers, I have a poem.....…… Roses are red, violets are blue, if I had, I'd through it at you!!!, RT : Tomorrow at Z-Two kids eat FREE 4-8pm!, I have a friend who went to HS with the mega millions winner in B'more. It's def not the crazy lady who says she won but lost the ticket., This is for you :)!, Well, at least the Pirates got one hit! Ugh..., The best night evahhhhhh, it is just you. Are you listening to the other #idiots on stage?, Nice! do any of them have wifi? I know it's kinda un-zen, but would allow me to stay longer n work.., aye bro u went to churchville right, Yeah, those morning lectures are a big draw. :), God Jul, man! I hope you and your family are having a wonderful day. Looking forward to paths crossing again someday. Cheers!, “: “: =/ It's your turn to 1up me and #kylecartwrightsroommate” 's turn???”, Put on your best clothes we've been waiting toolong for this moment put on my best smile I'm shining inside and in front of abrandnewwcloud, "Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off the goal", Today's date, 1869 at 12:47 p.m., something really happened in Utah: east and west were connected by rail!, Don't you hate when people say follow me and I will follow back. Then they don't., How does the sound quality compare to original vinyl if it's being pressed from digital files?, Thanks! I'm trying my best., we will be there!, $275 for both amp and guitar, Cloud Migration: CloudComputing, Sushi and Saporo. It's dinner, Sometimes I feel like the parent with my mom, NO WAY! just merely a second and 3pts to go, can u please follow me back ? :), kidding about your looks you always look like an angel & ill take your word for john didnt know it was ok to wear a hat to work, We're on it!, is there anything better than my wife's homemade chicken enchiladas? maybe not, the good spot party is getting ready for new years...very exciting. also the good spot LA in november and the good spot miami december.))), Some tall dude with a beard just walked in. WHOA IT'S !!, Who wants to win a free photoshoot in this contest ?!, The new avengers trailer just kicked my ass! #Nerd but wuteva!, Excellent session on project mgt just finished. V good, practical, & immed usable tools shared., The "Earth" without "Art" is just "EH", Just watched a really cool video on youtube.... Leighmill.. Search for this vid. Send comments to me., i feel bad for all the people who just listen to mainstream music, Good night good night going, I rage all over the map. You just rage in berea. Goodnight loser :), oh i enjoy long walks on the beach, a glass of wine an smooth jazz..... XDDDD ask me stuff an ill tell ya, 'sup G, Since season 4 of is over, we can start campaigning for to be a judge on season 5, right?, i picked it up but it fell., Or, gay. RT Truth. RT : Non-existant. RT : Genuine people of the male species where r u., So who had the most? did another team have higher bounties? or is this just a non story? ITS FOOTBALL LET THEM KILL!!!!!!!!!!, Stop trying to stay in the picture if you're not needed., S/O 2 all the Beautiful Mothers<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>Happy Mothers Day<U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>, Tax deadline ticking down. I know of at least one person who finished their taxes just minutes ago. Anyone else put it off?, #Apple's new #iPad HD/3 announcement should come tomorrow. Don't forget all Twitter/Facebook followers and clients get $25 off new iPads!, Is there anyone with more 5 star matches under the belt? Maybe Shawn, but that's it. Its true., I'll be there! Looking forward to it!, 's first game at the World Series has been moved to 10pm tonight due to rain. Golden Eagles play Selma-Penn College winner., omg jonas brothers were mentioned on my tv sxdzcbhfdbcxfhyrde, If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you're strong enough to get back up, You have to try the boiled crawfish. They look creepy but they taste wonderful., WWYD if u&JUSTIN BIEBER were alone in a room? I wuld jst talk to hem act goofy show him who iam u no(:, how you know? -.- did you sign up? No so don't talk if you don't know., haha well im glad (:, Anyone ready to see tonight at #ClosetSundays?, students from Marlowe Middle School in Illinois visiting the Conservatory today for a performance from members of our Voice Faculty!, What a day it's gonna be for Rugby @ Crew Stadium BGSU trailing Army by 2pts, But that's still freaking cool . Was it like a shoutout?, im not a huge racing fan, but that shit is badass!!!!, love it..don't forget this wed:), what's your favorite thing about Rush? for me it's the message of the lyrics!, #TentCity was epic tonight!, Thanks for the follow!, Anyone want to share taxi from airport at about 330 local time today?, im going to class, #music is the way of life., I just listened to that video and loved it!, glad to hear it! Everybody deserves a rad day., Full retsard status, I'm in! RT : Who wants to have a viewing party tonight to watch on America's Got Talent at 7pm??, #FOLLOWTHON will be coming to an end soon lol so hit me if you want the follow back., David Freese of Team HeavySwing. BaltimoreMD based company w/22 MLB teams. We were with him in the on-deck circle moments before blast, what time? I'm currently nursing a killer wine headache so I can't make any promises....., thanks ma see you Saturday :), RT Albo grease and party rockin japs...oh this will be a glorious week, Nice day for an interview on the rooftop w/ Cherie Nelson, you should see the burn i got from curling your hair!, dance party for sure!, these are beautiful!, yup!!! I WANNA MEET JDB !!! :D my true love doesn't know i exist ..oh well...., Lol you tell me first why you think that then i"ll tell you (:, We'll be closed Fri 28th for a private party. Don't hate me. It's for a good cause. More later. Will make up for it Sat w drink specials!, LOL. We hope that was a good 'splosion., AREN'T OCCUPY FOLKS JUST A WEE EMBARRASSED SHOUTING OUT LUCY PARSONS AFTER NEVER ONCE ADDRESSING SETTLER COLONIALISM?, Nameless by wiz describes me perfectly, “: well I'll catch up! whether you cheat or not, mwahahaha :)”, Early #FF Smart Women edition, Prom pictures are horrible!! :o, I'm looking for any digital projects on the history of agriculture. Got suggestions for me?, Gm Tweoples!! Beyond being a creative genius, Steve Jobs revolutionized & evolved life as we know it, Thanks for the RT! It was so great seeing you & Saturday. The #FSFChicago event was FAB! Congrats!, "Pitcher & Pie" day. Coors Lt or soda pitcher + 18" one topping pizza for $22.95...a great way to cheer on the Steelers with us!!!!!!!, plz notice me i know some day u will, I really didn't want that chicks number anyways , I just like getting them., well thanks (:, MS paid $8.5B for Skype and will make that money back in operating cash flow in 116 days., Alrighty, M-dawg... Tonight's the night. I'll come get you from Odyssey & we'll go get the shorties. :-), That's not the way to look at it. But being traditional isn't a bad thing., Brandon Freaking Allen haha. Crushed that ball to right. #Rays walk off. Always love seeing them win!, Thanks! Honestly, I do think it's quite reasonable; my hair has been so much happier since I started going to Jeny. :), omg i got backom twitter lost my fone im back guys lol how r u guys, No piece of football equipment can protect players from brain injuries. Only keeping the CROWN of the helmet out of the tackle can., I'll always be there <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0>, Tomorrow, The Sliders @ The Bitter End (NYC) - We can't wait for yet another fun night out. Party starts at 10:30pm, You in?, There is FREEDOM for ALL! Every tribe, every nation, every color, and every social class. Everyone., Maybe the benefit in old music apps is posting unreleased tracks for Fan-only content.
