and the whole shebang went into the deep freeze for the night. Today I unmolded the cake and it was this nice, sturdy wheel thingy. Very nice. Then I started on the last (TYG!) step, the..., I’m afraid I’ve never met any real royalty. But I ask Bob to call me “la principessa” at all times., When The Boy woke up he was REALLY hot. I never take a temperature on a kid unless it lasts more than a day, or they are so hot they can’t move. I just give them something for it. So now, I am in the house with a hot kid and a smelly dog. I REALLY am starting to wonder if having the perfect bunny is going to make up for this. I’m a mess. I can’t even decide what I want for dinner., Note to any Trotters and Allied family out there: If any of you have seen the original of this picture could you let me know? I think it may be cropped from a larger shot. And, while I’m throwing questions out there, does anyone know why he was called “Papa Monk”?, "Original Colors", High Places' excellent third long-player, is the L.A.-based duo's most dance-floor friendly release so far, with fluid rhythms and chilled out synth melodies accompanying Mary Pearson’s majestic vocals. The highly addictive nature of their enchanting sound looks certain to bring High Places for a second consecutive year among the highest places of our year-end album list., On March 11 Amelia was born. Sadly for her parents she was born to Jesus' arms before they held her in theirs., Whisk 1 cup all-purpose flour and next 4 ingredients in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat butter until pale and creamy, about 2 minutes. Add sugar and continue to beat until well incorporated, 2-3 minutes longer. Whisk eggs and vanilla in a small bowl to blend; gradually beat into butter mixture. Continue beating until light and fluffy, 3-4 minutes. Combine buttermilk and lemon zest in a small bowl; gradually beat into butter mixture. Add dry ingredients; beat just to blend (do not over mix)., O Can’t/Don’t: These words force the listener to focus on exactly the opposite of what you want. This is a classic mistake that parents and coaches make without knowing the damage of this linguistic error., b. Employer, In an effort to refine our strategy for reaching folks, we are going to do a little research. The goal is to put a survey in front of a sample of A&M students, with the questions designed to characterize the needs, anxieties, and any religious leanings of the student population. For now, we are working on the design of the survey. We want a set of questions that will reveal the optimal approach to take for engaging students’ interest. I’ve put some work into this recently, but the creative juices are rather dry at the moment (have been busy wrapping up end-of-semester stuff). Maybe publicly admitting as much will kick-start the question-writing process. – Alan, William Castle’s Vincent Price, or Roger Corman’s Vincent Price, or 1970s-“Phibes” era UK-based Vincent Price?, Which in academic circles means it was pretty good. It had all the Gothic romantic elements: castles, skeletons, family secrets, missing and incomplete manuscripts, love, loss, suicide, murder, parricide, um, castles, banditti, oh yeah - monks. Um. I think that about covers it. Lots to deconstruct, unpack, problematize, New Historicize and aestheticize. And stuff., PREMATURE BIRTH RISKS. A study of babies born three to seven weeks early showed sleep and attention problems in such children by age four. According to a write-up of the study, "Preterm boys suffered more sleep and attention troubles than their full-term peers, but the effect in girls was more dramatic. Preterm girls were significantly more emotionally reactive, depressed and withdrawn than full-term girls, and over all they had about 20 percent, The Christmas beers are hitting the shelves, and I've already been sampling a few. Of course the first one I got was the Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale, which is not only my favorite winter brew, but maybe my favorite beer, period. No need to rave on too much about it – anybody who likes seasonal beers has had it by now, and if not, go get some immediately., Happy Monday everyone - hope your week has got off to a good start and that you're not suffering too much from Monday morning blues. Obviously, I'm full of beans because I'm having a day off, although I have to say that I'm enjoying going to work again these days., 1433 **D-VIII/29/2002. “The Accidental Leo Strauss.” “New Studies on Leo Strauss” Panel, Claremont Institute for the Study of Statesmanship and Political Philosophy (with William Kristol, Steven Lenzner, and others), Annual Convention, American Political Science Association, Boston, Massachusetts. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 780-82.), The sky reflects on the limpid pool, only the tiny ripples rearranging the heavens dance upon its surface. Their aquatic park and playground an oasis, tree-lined and lush. A sacred place avoided by outlanders, a place to stem the arid heat and avoid punishing radiation., na bhajanty avajananti sthanad bhra<U+1E63><U+1E6D>a patanty adha<U+1E25>., When 25p was decent pocket money, 'Thank you for this food. Thank you that Gramps gave me lovely presents. Amen', Now coming to today's recipe is a simple and yet delicious dish that goes well with rice and can be served with a spicy side dish/vegetable. Basically this a very mild gravy and we can adjust the spiciness by adding some extra chillies which will not make a very large difference., The wife and I have never been much to cuddle for some reason. This probably goes way back to some of her sexual issues and my sexual perversions. We started dating when we were young and back then, sex was not something you just did. You dated, you kissed, you circled the bases and after a while, maybe, sex. We played those games and did have sex before we got married. One of the big things though was the hand job. Guess it was more like you weren’t really having sex., This month…, Screenshots have emerged about a character looking very much like Sonic the Hedgehog wearing a cloak and hood. Rumors quickly spread that a new Sonic game is in the works, and SuperBlogBoy had to ask SEGA what it was all about. “After the success of Sonic Colors and Sonic Generations, Sonic will return to his 3D roots once again.” Over the years, Sonic has occasionally retired from running around aimlessly to trying out guns, swords, driving and turning into a werewolf. The new game looks to add to that list by turning our favorite blue hedgehog into an assassin. “Assassin’s Creed showed the world how cool assassinating can be. Although the game can be kind of slow, Sonic can add a whole new dimension to fast killing. With his size, speed, and attitude, Sonic seems perfect for stealth games.” Set in medieval times, the still unnamed game will have Sonic and his pals battle Eggman, as tradition goes. The difference is that there will be a new RPG element added to the game. Sonic would be the stealthy, quick assassin, Knuckles is the more powerful attack minded character, and Tails is the “wizard”, as his ability to fly is considered magic in that time period. “Sonic has been running quickly for years now, it is time for something fresh to renew interest in the series. With the success of Final Fantasy and other great RPGs, this new Sonic is a guaranteed masterpiece.” Claims the creative director of SEGA. The jury is still out on whether Sonic makes the return he so richly deserves. While we wait for more details to emerge, here is the screenshot of what looks like Sonic will be wearing in his next adventure., We had our engagement photo session with the lovely Mikaela of Mikaela Ruth Photography on Saturday. I think her work speaks for itself but I'm gonna say it anyway ... she is CRAZY talented. So excited & so blessed to have her documenting our special day., Written and Illustrated by Chris Van Allsburg. Ages 9-12., Eat Well and Savor., You know rather quickly from looking at and hearing about these cars, it takes a lot of money to develop a body and engine that can compete in the Indianapolis 500. A lot of money. The Unsers did not start out rich. Swiss immigrants, Louie Unser was a butcher but he had a knack for tinkering with engines. Mechanics was what he loved. They settled near Pikes Peak in Colorado and his sons Louis, Joe and Jerry began building race cars and tried to get a car up to the top of Pikes Peak. Joe was always promising himself he was going to build a car that would make it to the top. The road at the time was dirt. And, he did., baths, lots of them, They say Oates shot Olivera execution-style while the victim had his back turned. Olivera was carrying a gun that night as well, but he never fired his weapon, authorities have said.Another well-known incident locally, involved the shooting of a homeless squatter in Spartanburg. They shot him before even calling law enforcement., The massacre began shortly before 8.30 p.m. when the white families were forced by the terrorists from their homes and classrooms, and marched to a playing field., Fellow beer blogger Mudge has a theme to his blog, and arguably articulates his views in more adult and less puerile manner than myself, and that theme is clearly the smoking ban. I don’t wish to alter the theme of this blog nor intrude on another’s but I occasionally find myself in agreement, occasionally in disagreement, with dear old Mudge., 230 gram cream cheese, I managed to hold my composure until I got back in my car., For those who enjoys buying souvenirs such as necklaces, bracelets and, etc, Bogyoke Market is the definite place to be. Almost every souvenirs from around the country is sold there. But you have to be good at bargaining because some shop-keepers rack up the price a lot. Even to Burmese people. I was sold a Jade wind chime for 7000Ks (~$9) at a store and another store sells it for 5000Ks(~6.5). See? They tend to rip people off. So, I recommend that you bargain the price to 3/4 of the price they say. If they don’t let you, find another shop., I find that if you concentrate on the vowels, it will be easier to learn. Most of the consonant sounds are the same as in English. The only problems I've witnessed students having with the consonants, is keeping the "G" hard, and pronouncing the "J" as in "jump" or "jovial" and not with a softer "zh" sound., In the experience, Every new beginning must start with a Wish, to where one would like to get., It has attracted the expertise of specialist teachers. It has created employment. It has brought a dynamic perspective to the Conservatorium’s work and has enriched the cultural fabric not only of Wollongong but NSW, Australia and other countries., The plot was all fainting spells and sulfur smoke. Young Rodolphe is enslaved by a sorceror Hertzog, who must grant the Devil the soul of one innocent every New Years Eve. Rodolphe saves a white dove from peril which just happens to be a good witch in disguise -- Stalacta, Fairy Queen of the Golden Realm -- who rescues him and sends all the bad guys straight to Hell. Damn it, why hasnt this thing been revived? I smell Tonys!, I said my thanks to Dr Breathe and we parted company. I don't have to go back to see him unless something changes. Despite negative tests and the usual medical bafflement a bendy body causes, at no point did Dr Breathe make me feel disbelieved or negatively judged. He also understood the need to provide information for the DWP in writing. This means that I won't have to use up my time or his contacting him for a letter to provide to the DWP in a year or so's time when I'm no longer his patient and he's forgotten all the details., has shaken another's world, "But what about Montessori?" you ask. The Montessori method proposes that the focus is on the child, that the child learns with little interruption from the teacher (director), that children have rights, and that children should not be subjected to measurements like grading and testing. Well, that sounds pretty autodidactic and unschoolish, doesn't it? Except that all of those "autodidactic freedoms" occur within a rigidly controlled environment., next is a Random Recipes Virgin Misky with a delightfully light English Muffin Bread, which i've never seen before but I will definitely be making!, “Really, John. Tomorrow morning I'm outta here. The plane's booked and I've transferred my script to a hospital over there. If I stay I'm even more fucked than if I go.”, “Under a Dusun tradition it is a serious offence to even make a small mark on someone’s house pillar. What more to torch down a whole house,” said Mohigal., Than a laundry list of things to do and places to see, where I surrender in our void., But yeah basically the fact that voids breaking causes the people to die gets leaked out and people get pissed., Right after brushing his teeth(that’s an unconfirmed hypothesis,I hope he did),he switched on his music system and let loose one bhajan after another at full blast.For those of you who don’t know,’bhajans’ are religious songs often sung so badly,that you wish God would come down personally and thrash this singers for spoiling His jingles!, After processing the food photos below, I suddenly realised that we really ate a lot of food that night! LOL!, I tend to keep the "big important secrets" under wraps for a while, just to make sure they don't fall through before speaking publicly about them. But because I've found so few women who are willing to share their journey, failures and successes, with a small business, I wanted to try and speak about mine. We've been looking at brick and mortar spaces the past little while. A few "oh we're interested in hearing more" phone calls made, and a much more serious one as of late. We found a space... nearby our home and a great size for starting out. The price and situation seem great, too. The only thing we're not sure of: the location is ~eh, even though it has 30,000 cars passing by daily (!!!), and the "Are we ready?!" freak out. I thought by having Honeybean it'd help satisfy the need for a storefront. It'd give us a few years to get things ready and to plan... but it's done the exact opposite. It's made me realize how much I loved owning my own business and it makes me eager to move on to bigger and better things (all the while keeping the 'bean of course!), “Magnetic field polarity at the solar poles will reverse and become quadrupolar in May, meaning positive fields will emerge in the North and South poles and negative fields will emerge on the equator, according to the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan and other institutes., Together, you will go out and interview people in your neighborhood about the neighborhood’s important issue OR the Republican candidates, and by 11:59 p.m. Friday, February 17, you should EACH have posted a 450-600 word news story on the Reporting 1 blog. Pro tip: I’d suggest you have this written/saved as a draft the night before and that your group carefully look at each other’s drafts. See the final sentences of this part of the midterm., We are pleased to introduce you to this week's Guest Designer:, HILARIOUS FACT: My life currently revolves around prenatal visits, postpartum visits, and births., There were others. Me and M bonded because I felt bad for her. Even in 5th grade I could tell she was a little off. D and I bonded because I knew if I didn’t, she’d somehow have me killed., "Of course we are," said Dr. Dante. "Baba wishes to live without it, close to the earth. Or something like that.", I think I had more I wanted to say, but I’m getting tired…, Nearly eight years ago, on 1 April 2004, former speech writer and Special Assistant to Ronald Reagan, Peggy Noonan wrote an article for the Wall Street Journal, where she was a contributing editor. It began like this (emphasis in original):, Other - Toothpicks, Scallop Circle Punches, Metallic flower Brad, Dog Stickers, My whole week seemed to be involved with food. My nephew and his son are putting a new roof on my neighbor’s house. Now wouldn’t you think that I should cook lunch for them? The first day I learned that my nephew was not feeling well and went home. No one should be on a complicated roof if you are not fully aware. So I told his son and another employee that I had never met that they could come for lunch. My cooking, however god or bad, sounded superior to their peanut butter sandwiches. I had baked an apple pie with crumb topping and had scalloped potatoes , meatloaf, hot rolls and fresh frozen corn from my freezer. They were very appreciative, especially of the pie. Besides that, the unknown employee cleared the table while I was finishing my pie! He was possibly feeling guilty about eating two pieces of pie. The next day Mark was back (maybe he heard about the pie.) I noticed they were all working so I baked another pie and went over to tell them that they could come for lunch again. They told me they were planning on leaving early, because of threatening rain and they could not tear any more roof off if it were going to rain. Now what is a diabetic going to do with a pie with sugar in the filling and the crumb topping. So I told them to come over when they finished and eat the pie. I did not have to twist their arms. The next day they were back. I told them to come for lunch but no more pie! We had mashed potatoes, gravy, minute steaks, beef and noodles, garlic toast and more corn. For dessert they had to be happy with left over sugar cut out cookies, shaped and decorated like pumpkins. My daughter had asked for 4 dozen for a church celebration at her church. She got the choice ones but my roofers were very content with the left overs. It was a pleasure to do it because they were so appreciative of the food and ate like threshers used to. It was a magic occasion for me., I am thinking the same way about our businesses lately., To the winner may indeed go the spoils...but the race has never been given to the swift nor to the strong but to the ones that endureth to the end..."the journey" aka "the race" is the Good Part., * Did I mention to visit others and invite your readers to visit and view the linked up articles? Yeah, it's kind of important. That's the whole point of Artistic Tuesday, to share such amazing articles and creations with so many readers, and also to get a lot of visits on your linked up post as well., A-Being on that expedition, I got to speak to Ralph White who was with Robert Ballard when he discovered the Titanic with the Alvin submersible. Ralph showed us pictures he took as one of the first human eyes to see the ship since it had sunk. Remember, the movie is a Hollywood version, and there were many things that Ralph revealed that was cool inside knowledge. Unfortunately since my trip there in July of 2005 Ralph has passed, so I was honored I got a chance to speak to him first hand., thousand, 1/2 tsp almond extract (or 1 tsp almond liquor), What do you think? Have you ever had an experience like this out in public? How did people react and how did those reactions affect you? If you haven’t experienced this personally, do you know someone who has? Or have you ever witnessed someone going through this? Let me know in the comments. Also, be sure to check back Friday for a very special guest post., In other words, political liberalism, with a commitment to debate and free speech, is prior to economic liberalism., Now that is not to say he is perfect by any means, because none of us are. He is just perfect for me. And I certainly hope that he can say the same for me., Kate is a native of Worcester, Massachusetts, so once she realized that Houston was playing New England, she asked if I cared to make a friendly wager. As much as I enjoyed seeing the Rockets break Houston's long-running pro championship drought back in 1994, the Dynamo won me dinner, which is something I can bank on., the last two weeks, the curriculum theme was transportation., The greeters would smile at me and shake my hand every time I walked through the door. They would tell me they were glad I was there. But I didn’t believe them. You hypocrites I would think to myself. You don’t care about me., Then there's 50 people trying to get on the carriage, so what do people do? Step one foot on the train and stop... right in the way so it makes it almost completely impossible for anyone else to get on., Okay, the Living Room..., I tried to play, Last year when we lived out in Joplin we found out about a place named Prairie State Park in Mindenmines, Missouri. It has buffalo & elk that roam freely throughout the park. We went there maybe 3 or 4 times and seen nothing. The very last time we visited there we saw SO many buffalo up close & personal and it was just so awesome! I know I have pictures somewhere. It was something to see and i'm glad that we will always have that memory to cherish of our days living there. I think he will love it!, Source: www.ilanamercer.com, Inhale that fire that sucks you dry, Microsoft Security Essentials 4.0 free PC security software ready for download - Microsoft has released a new version of its Security Essentials software for Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7 PCs., When the going gets tough, He goes on. Not to describe chords or influences, but to describe life in the way healthy fifty year old men tend to do in Irish pubs. “There are only two kinds of music: good and bad,” he states. I nod., Comment: The President does not have authority to disregard Republican Senators (Art II Sec 2 CL 2), Not sure if any of you know this, but I work alongside my husband Mike. He's a graphic designer and he's the one who takes my artwork and turns it into something that someone can actually use. Also, he is a very talented artist himself. He sits silently in the wings allowing me to get all the credit. Mike inspired the filming and edited the video for me. An amazing jack' of all trades, Mike is not afraid to try something new., With more challenges, pokemon, the ability to reface teh gym leaders with stronger pokemon, and additions to the story, these games will not disappoint., KJ decided he wanted to do some experiments. I of course pulled the classic move of grabbing a science book of the shelf and looking some up. To which he responded, "mom that's not an experiment. An experiment is when you mix stuff together and see what happens.", The incomparable Fairuz sings over the noise in the square, 23. The Ivory Pipe - All-Story Weekly 3 parts Sep 20, 27, Oct 4, In other words, there has never been a better time to make your living as a vanity publisher., 4. The material can be reviewed as much as needed., This is a recipe from my mother-in-law that I used to make a lot. Evan goes through breakfast phases, and this, covered in whole-fat vanilla yogurt, was a phase for a long time. Recently, my sister Tori was asking for this recipe. Time to make it again!, “A Front-seat Meeting. Or this might be called a Reconsecration Meeting. . . . At the close of the service let your minister give an invitation to all those who want to reconsecrate themselves to their C.E. pledge to come forward and occupy the front seats. Those who wish to accept Christ as their personal Saviour should be included in this invitation. Those who have taken the front seats should then kneel in prayer” (Murch, Successful C.E., supra, p. 72), and sobbing of fingers and sacrifice, The problem with the new translation and indeed the notion of a codified Latin Mass at all is that it destroys the communal and egalitarian nature of the act. Rather than an act of communion through which the churchgoer relates to God, it becomes an individualistic act through which the churchgoer relates to "experts" in Rome. It sets certain people above others in terms of their knowledge of a dead language and of dogma -- concerns that clearly distract from the message of God. If the Mass has any meaning, it must be grounded in communal concerns and vision-- not an effort to include as many four-syllable words as possible., i’m watching this thing my cousin recommended. it’s a lot of fast cuts and explosions, space travel, and a bunch of kill-or-be-killed interactions. who does that? only those who benefit from the plunder of resources that inevitably occurs in the aftermath. poor people, you cannot contribute to the furtherance of humanity by taking up arms. that is the ill-founded logic of your retardo-cult. knock that shit off, The aim of Reiki is to restore the balance. To be ‘unbalanced’ is to be unwell. The Reiki energy tries to remove any blocks to achieving balance. It always works for what is good or best for the receiver. Reiki cannot be misused and can only do good. Reiki always comes in the quantity needed at that time and for the greatest good of the receiver. A Reiki receiver can ask for Reiki for something they specifically want it to work on, but it may be that the Reiki comes in response to the ‘need’ of the recipient rather than the ‘want’. Words used in an attempt to describe Reiki energy are love, compassion, nurture, support and peace., Hope you are all well,Spring is on it's way! So maybe I'll make something springy!, No real agenda, merely things I like being available: posts that capture, in some way or other, the ethos of what this blog is supposedly all about., I'm feeling better today. Yesterday I was not myself and moped around the house flapping my ears and hiding in corners. Perp. thought maybe I was homesick since I ran out to the van and tried to get in every time I escaped when someone opened the front door. Today I'm back to my perky self and am letting everyone know that all attention should be directed at me and not the "other one." I often have to jump in the way or bark or move their hand when someone tries to pet him instead of me to remind them I'm cuter than some old black lab., Two decades ago, caring for the elderly was hardly an issue. The joint family was a harmonious secure haven for both the young and the old so the question arises, Until Charlie started throwing his pancakes., . . . Van Hollen, speaking inside the Department of Justice room where the permits are printed, said no problems have been reported since the law went into effect six months ago, refuting arguments made by “doomsday people” concerned about legalizing the carrying of concealed weapons., I love this book. It is well written & has a great description for anyone who is into love novels & fashion or are a bit of girl. People have said that it’s bad for teenagers to read books where the characters freely have sex etc. I’m 14 & to be honest, girls like me don’t notice that. I, myself like romance novels that have a girl main character. So…really that’s a load of rubbish. I knew that they were having sex or whatever but it didn’t really affect me. I know that’s not going to happen if I let it, anyway. You could say that about younger books with violence like The Roman Mysteries. There is a lots of killing in that at a 9-12 audience so…does that give a bad impression on killing? No., While driving on his way to Flossmoor to see his father, William's car skids on an icy road and accidentally kills a woman named Mrs. Verne Conroy. When he tells the police he has no insurance, the cop sneers, "You're in deep." They find 20 unpaid parking tickets in his glove compartment and, on the backseat, a copy of Victor Serge's Memoirs of a Revolutionary., ..... she chose the ChapStick. She's so not into makeup...... not like me at her age., Over here in smug Sell! Towers we created our own little bubble, where common sense rules, and powerpoint is outlawed. However, we know that this isn't the case for everybody. So in an attempt to help redress the balance, we are fighting fire with with fire. We are creating a body of charts to illustrate common sense. We're sorry it has come to this. But here we are. Here. Anyway, now the smart people of advertising and marketing can fight the bullshitters and nonsense-talkers with their own charts. A chart-off, if you will. Published under the banner of The Centre For Common Fucking Sense In Marketing, or CoFSim for short (a stupid, nonsense-y name to confuse the bullshitters)., *As a gay conservative/Republican I would like to know what that means for me. Should I just die to make Savage happy? Or does life get better for me too, since I’m gay?, A few minutes later the phone rang. Seriously, it could not have been 20 minutes. My next door neighbours (and members of my church at Wilpshire) were on the phone. ‘Are you missing your pussy cat? He’s upstairs under our bed.’ It was such a moment of joy that I could hardly believe it! I grabbed Jess’s food and headed next door for what had to be the strangest pastoral call I ever had. By the time I got there, Jess had raced up to the attic, but hearing my voice and rattling his food bowl he came to me. I scooped him up and hugged him. As cats always are, he was vastly underwhelmed by the occasion and oblivious to the trouble he caused us., i measured the purse, cut the foam and sewed the fabric into little pockets for the foam. i ironed on the velcro and had i known that i was going to be using the fabric that i did, i would have picked up white velcro instead of the black. oh, well!!, So then we went back to the ego thing. My ego is causing me problems. She asked me if I really wanted to work on listening to my Soul and less on my ego. She noted that deep down, I’m afraid of losing control. Afraid of what will happen when I simply let go. However, despite these fears, I would say that I want to continue on this path. I want to see where it leads. I want to ‘jump off the cliff’ as it were. I don’t like that I always seemingly need to be in control. That I have to have my fingers in everyone’s pies. I don’t want to be that person that micromanages everything and everyone in a 5 mile radius. I just don’t want that. And while it might be scary, it might be a bit nerve wracking, I’d like to see where this leads. She then asked my soul if it was ‘ready to do war’. Apparently it is, and it seems this will be the next chapter of work for me., I was surprised when I found out that the teachers here gave gifts to their students. Kitcat's teacher gave everyone in her class a soft toy koala. Kitcat loves it so much she took it camping with us last week. Teddy's teacher gave her the picture book 'Eight'. which is one of her favourite stories. Mousie's teacher's gift to her students was the special party they all organised and hosted, and Ducky's teacher gave her a visual diary plus a set of charcoal pencils., 4 oil, What had been discovered in my womb was pre-cancerous cells and it was best to take no chances., “I really hated those tapes,” says Lane. ”They were just a bunch of live Clapton sets and things of that nature. There was a Nat King Cole tape that was good though. The collage is definitely a sentimental thing for me though.”, To Choose the Greater Evil., 5. Don’t let insecurity hinder your growth by boxing in your friendships to only include surface emotional appeasement, “Oh, fighting people of our great nation – what are you waiting for, their vile summit?”, This is another option to use Italian meringue. Here are two techniques on how to make any frosting of your choice multicolor to decorated your cupcakes or cakes. For these cupcakes I used the vanilla cupcakes recipe. How I do the rainbow cupcakes you can check it out HERE., I love you, Mana. This is so surreal. I cherish my memories with you forever. I promise to always say "I love you" clearly and meaningfully just like you did, and when walking with a friend, to stay on the same side of posts so as never to let anything come between me and a friend. I am thankful for your example to me of how to be intentional. I'll love you forever & I'll see you in Heaven someday., Jack Dromey MP, I wish that I could just say what my favorite movie is, but in reality, it changes. I’ve enjoyed lots of movies in my life, and there are lots of movies that I watch over and over, depending on my mood. The same thing with music. I like tons of different bands, genres, and I love hearing something new. For the moment, yes, like I said in this post, Mumford & Sons is my favorite band. But that’s as likely to change as my mood. My favorite book? It’s usually the last book I finish reading (usually for the first time. Right now, my favorite book is still Infinite Jest, and not Breakfast of Champions. It’s like my mind is telling me that I should give something new a shot at the spotlight, and to not let it sit there for too long because there’s so many more books to read). My favorite authors… they change the more I read, but it’s usually just adding to the list instead of kicking an author out to make way for a new one. Vonnegut will forever have a top spot. David Foster Wallace will always be up there (shit, my one and only tattoo is a quote of his. I’m not likely to let that go so easily). Jane Austen, J.K. Rowling, Hunter S. Thompson. John Kennedy Toole (Tolkien, John Green, Louisa May Alcott, The Shelleys, Charlotte Bronte. It goes on and on and on). And that’s just now… that’s just the big names I can think of as I’m writing this. Because I don’t have a set answer ready., If you need a blog button designed for your blog, as a graphic artist, I do design them and would be happy to. A blog button is necessary if you want people to post them with back-links for your blog. We ALL need more back-links! lol Just email me for the price at: Cindylou_20@hotmail.com They're not expensive!, State of the Nation: Online learning in Canada (MDCL 1309), There is nothing more chaotic and exhausting then renovating one home while packing up and preparing to move the other with a teething 9 month old in tow. No wait; renovating, packing, teething 9 month old and condo neighbors starting extensive and noisy all day renovations. Naptimes can already be a struggle, so adding noisy banging is the kiss of death. Goodbye calm days, goodbye mommy-time. If that wasn’t enough, schedule and routine; the foundations of a happy baby (and happy mommy) have been thrown out the window as I am now prepared to drop everything at a moment’s notice to run to meet with tradespeople for estimates or to pay for work completed if my husband can’t make it. As Dr Phil would say, “This ain’t my first rodeo” – we have bought, gutted and totally renovated a property before –but never before with child. And yes, I am aware I just quoted Dr Phil., Clockblocker and Kid Win stopped walking and looked our way curiously., Pete Atkin, and lyrics by Clive James., I just took time and snap a shot at this scene (oh, it’s against the rules!). At this moment I wish I have a wide angle lens to capture everything., If you like you can go to Youtube and search and you will find a very wonderful interview with Welty where she talks about "A Worn Path" and also dramatizations of these stories., Looking back from our time during which Bush and Obama have deep-sixed the US Constitution, violated numerous US and international laws, and behaved as if they were caesars unconstrained by any law or any morality, Nixon’s “crimes” appear so trivial as to be unremarkable. Yet, Nixon was driven from office and is regarded as a criminal., "We want to pass on our heartfelt values to our precious children. Isn't this ultimately why we decide to homeschool? Somehow, we all come to the point of realization that someone else is impressing their values on our priceless children; that we are being robbed of the most important privilege of parenthood. Our belief in Jesus Christ is our most valuable possession and if, day in and day out, our children are being taught values that counter biblical principles; then there is surely cause for alarm." - Diane Hopkins, After reviewing common white distortions in the media of this collective African-Canadian complaint,* Saney goes on to offer three primary and compelling reasons of his own for knocking To Kill a Mockingbird from its lofty perch:, Bristol the Pistol Palin STILL hasn't been voted off DWTS? Despite having the lowest scores for the last four or five weeks? Craziness., that i wanted to make a fun slip cover for it., The Mediterranean diet has long been considered one of the healthiest diets on the planet – and indeed it is ! There are myriad of research that proves that eating a diet rich in plant foods and healthy fat is good for us. Research also show that a Mediterranean diet protects individuals against cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, some types of cancer, Alzheimer’ s disease and also leads to a longer lifespan. The key to longer lifespan lie in the fact that this diet does not adopt modernized foods(that we in the US consume excessively) such as processed foods, deep-fried foods, tendency to eat more meat and fewer fruits and vegetables ., - He has some of my favorite Jewish recipes; I am sure that many would have no idea that they are Jewish because they are Sephardic (the polar opposite of blintzes or potato latkes), you will find recipes like Sabich and Mujadara (Middle Eastern rice and lentil pilaf). For me, these recipes, Today we are gonna deal with the ready made Validation Controls alvailable in ASP.NET. Here we go.., here and there and to visit your blogs. One of the first things I am doing as soon we move in is to make our front door look inviting and ready to welcome our friends, family, and neighbors. And that, A more recent study conducted to reevaluate JAMA’s findings in regard to renal failure was published in the Alternative Health Practitioner. Acknowledging that the “study leaves several questions unanswered,” the author reported both similarities and variations in the iridologists’ readings and concluded that the iridologist’s level of expertise is extremely important as well., The Christmas Secret ... INSP ... 8 PM, Put it in the oven and bake until it is fairly dark brown and reads at least 180 on your instant read thermometer. That will be between 30-40 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes and gently release from the pan. There you go! One of my best sellers at the church bakery., i predict a stripey-themed 3 month photo shoot., “Which regional border security marketplaces offer the most significant growth opportunities? What are the prospects for European and North American defence and security companies seeking business opportunities in the Middle East? How is spending on different types of border security technology likely to be affected as government budgets come under intense pressure? What is the status of the Secure Border Initiative Network (SBInet) or ‘virtual fence’ along the US-Mexico border? To what extent is public opinion driving government policy on border security? What effect is the economic downturn having on illegal immigration?”, Oí Família!!!!, As it turns out the new bloke seems uninterested in football (as far as I can tell anyway), so I guess the prospect of filling the pub with City folk appeals because his takings will be up. The first football night was the Macedonia v England game and he got a sizable crowd in. In return he provided chicken curry, chips and, bizarrely, sausage. It went down a treat – and England won., from T. S. Eliot, ‘The Waste Land’, Fibula A small lie, This month's new first five pages workshop will open at noon today. We'll take the first five middle grade or young adult entries of no more than 1250 words that meet ALL the submission guidelines. (See the full guidelines here.), FH: English I think., 18How, meeting you on the way, he made an attack on you when you were tired and without strength, cutting off all the feeble ones at the end of your line; and the fear of God was not in him., Escondido proudly exhibits the Filipino heritage in its entire interior. All decorations and furniture are from the different regions of the country. Antique vases, jars, tables, and cabinets were sourced from the northern to the southern parts of the Philippines. Each room represents a particular region in the Philippines. The hotel is modern yet uniquely traditional Filipino in style., Regular readers of this blog, and the sister blog Tia4CHRIST, should by now recognise the fact that the mere mention of the word “unity”, “One Nation”, “One People”, or similar terms, in any political organization, or system of government that controls a multicultural mixed-race society, is in fact the work of the devil (aka the antichrist), as it always leads to chaos - in other words, deliberately planned-and-executed disaster!, The challenges I would love to enter my creation into are as follows:-, About a million years ago I mentioned helping out a friend with a photo shoot (shot by the very talented Rex Barrett). Basically, I helped out with the set and told the girls they look fierce while standing by the photographer. I was kind of just along for the ride while everyone else did the real work of modeling and shooting., First, the hugelkulture bed I put the orange tree in seems to be doing its job quite well. We watered it in the morning, and it was still moist around the tree heading into the evening. I think the wood I put in the hugel bed was old enough that it sucked the water right up, and its slowly feeding it back, just like its supposed to. This bodes well for the garden we want to plant., One-third of the companies are not Vietnamese, but rather, companies that generate a substantial part of their revenue from Vietnamese operations. And 37% of the index constituents are financial companies where the long-term viability of financial services is not well known. In all, there may not be a better way to get as much Vietnam exposure than with the new VNM, but VNM is not a typical exchange-traded index fund., Sally McKee — Professor of History, It’s very interesting that I’ve run across this subject multiple times in the last couple days. Yesterday, I read the end of Luke’s gospel (who also wrote Acts), which concludes with the ascension. Then I started listening to a sermon by Timothy Keller on the ascension (I’m only about halfway through it, but it is very good), and now Tabletalk is addressing it., Unfortunately, another series of events occurred as I slightly cut my finger while cutting up veggies for lunch. It wasn’t too bad, but I still thought that having a bandaid would be a good idea since I will be using my hands a lot in Body Pump training, and Brian and I didn’t have any bandaids at the apartment., Difficult choice isn’t it? But I know which one I would choose, if I was sitting in a room with that ultimatum, a lifetime supply of money sitting on a desk and next to it, a chute for all my money and assets because I chose happiness over wealth., Besides, MySpace has, for so long, been a haven for a veritable myriad of people recording not-terribly-good tunes in their back-bedrooms that it has never really appealed to me in my (always ongoing) search for new music. It’s not just the (potentially endless) trawl through rubbish that puts one off; it’s the simple fact that there aren’t enough hours in the day… even if one wanted to spend one’s every waking minute staring at a screen wearing headphones… and listening; sifting the wheat from the chaff., This is what we ended up with! Clear definition of the two spaces, the ability to walk into the dining area from either side, we were easily able to add one of the table leaves with plenty of room to add the other if we have company, and no need for new furniture. It was a little hard to get used to at first, but as the weekend went on and as we added some new items, we fell in love with it!, Remember being lost, being apathetic, and taking a stroll in the denial land?, Arturo Lupoli was the best finisher I’d ever seen at his age, and so intelligent for a player so young. I had it his career mapped out in my head – allowing for injuries and adjustments he’d be getting 25 goals a season come 2008, no problem. I tell you, back in 2005 the future was so bright I got a tan off my crystal ball., Rule 2: Know WHY you believe. ”All my friends are.” “My parents were/are and I’ve always been as well.” “I never gave it any thought, this is just so much easier than actually having to put thought into my faith.” These, and similar responses are NOT acceptable answers. Belief and faith require a certain understanding and deliberate forethought., READABILITY INDICES, 12 ounces good-quality white chocolate, chopped (I used almond bark), The assessment that the United States, despite ongoing great strength, is heading for decline;, Now, where were we? Oh right, the scene ended, and now we're back in the dorm, watching Tosh and Natalie as Nat tries to be nice. When that fails, Tosh storms away. Alone at last, Natalie checks the phone for messages. A brief one from her mother reveals that Natalie DID know the girl who was murdered, and that they were best friends. Hmmmm..., I wasn’t using my real name for privacy and family respect reasons but I am seriously thinking that it may be time to just “own” my blog and if some family don’t like it, well, I really am not responsible for what others feel., This third grade year was different. She started talking about these girls from the first week. And she's STILL talking about their friendship. In fact each night at family prayer time when it's her turn to say what she's grateful for that day she often mentioned these friends., They may wear no earthly crown, but a crown of glory, unseen by men, rests even here upon their heads., A feeling of disappointment settled on me but I tried to put a good face on it. "That's to bad I was looking forward to going dancing tonight.", We have to wait on the Lord for He has us here on earth for His own purpose. We are plainly told in 1 Corinthians 12:27 that we “are the body of Christ, and members in particular.” The Lord Jesus Christ is exalted in heavenly places and has His church, the body of Christ, here to do His work and to bring glory to Himself., Take it out of the oven, let it rest for about 10 minutes and then turn it onto a cooling rack and leave it there till it cools down completely., Then we decided to try to go see Jerry Siegel's house - or Joel Schuester's house (it's one of those guys who created Superman). He grew up in Cleveland and they renovated the house not too long ago. Someone lives in it, so you basically just have to drive by - it isn't open to the public, but with Precious being the Superman fan that he is, he wanted to see it. However, as we drove it became very clear that we weren't in Kansas anymore., -Fancy sandwiches for dinner, Which brings me on to the sound. The score is superb, wratcheting up the tension as you try and blast your way through another fire fight., I will definitely be finding a new full time job..... I'm not one to sit in one place for a long period of time., It's never a waste, I find, this chat, even though there's no telling whether it makes any difference. In this case, these folks were a dream. Sure, the idea of a 21st party is to get the celebrant to puke (apparently.) We can count that as a success, but she managed it cleanly into a garbage bag without spillage. Top points., Weary and burdened. I think no one is immune to those. We so often carry burdens. Life here in the world can be hard. Deadlines, bonds, education, health, family, provision, decisions, worry, need for safety… all of it creates stress., Of course, I couldn't resist coming up with my own ten. These are pretty much off the top of my head, so no doubt for the rest of the night I'll be going 'Oh, and...' But all of these are wonderful classics. How many have you read?, With so many options to choose from, organizing media can be pretty straight forward and easy, it's just about what works for you and your space., I am so thankful that my Mother gave me this lesson early in my life to teach me responsibility. She is gone now but her lesson has stayed with me for the past sixty years. I am working now, albeit part-time. I will work until I can no longer function either mentally or physically. I know of no other way. Mom trained me well., · salt and pepper to season, Americans know you can't do it all but they still try to do too much and they beat themselves up when they're not the best at every single thing. I think this is a pursuit to "be the best you can be" which at first seems like a great thing to try to achieve, but as I have explained here, it can be too much since even one formal group activity has changed to be excessive and with a wider breadth than focusing just on the activity., Audience: Why not use a trolley bus? Use a wire on top? (Repeated question. A trolley bus would obviously have saved digging up the streets.) Tell me what for a tram and then we shut up!, Well I guess I should go ahead and tell you now, I have done considerable fishing in my life – not in a while, but at one time, I was fairly adept at baiting a hook, casting a line, and gutting trout., Friday: make your own pizza, Article 17 An agriculture administrative department of the people’s government at the county level or above shall take measures to intensify the scientific research, technology popularization and publicity and training regarding the recovery and administration of polluted places of origin., I also included a blog "To Do" checklist, which is perfect for me to keep Style Tile and Etsy orders in check, manage giveaway emails and work with my sponsors:, In peace, as you come to share, Yes, this museum features EXACTLY WHAT YOU THINK IT DOES. Hundreds of them, in fact, from every corner of the animal kingdom. Whales, seals, dogs, bulls, dolphins, cats, rats, bunnies, humans – you name it., Backstrom was the guy responsible for someone getting “tied up.”, Here are the cards that were part of the evening's class. Super cute cards! We got to play with the new stamps that are a cling foam mount formulation. Pretty buttons & pearls that I know I am going to *have* to have. New satin ribbon that is so pretty and matches the ink and I'm not sure if it also matches the paper. Will let you know about that with my next post. The ink is pigment, but acts like chalk ink. Very nice and love the colors! The new dies are absolutely fabulous! Can't wait to get my hands on several of those. :-) My firsts will be the clouds and butterflies. Maybe even the stocking die because I can use that for Christmas cards. The mittens are also big enough for cards too. Very cool! A Muse has a scoring board with one channel for scoring that I can't wait to check out more closely. We used it to make a box, but I want to play with it some more. They have also added washi tape to their catalog. So nice! Anyway... here are their cards. My take on their cards will be posted tomorrow or Tuesday., The Daleks, it turns out, are related to GM crops, and I am now on the chapter which explores how the Slitheens managed to force themselves into human-sized suits, which takes me, in some ways, back to toilet facilities in space..., It truly pained me to acknowledge and write about violence against journalists and intellectuals in Tunisia. The violence was perpetrated not only by religious sects, but also by police. Perhaps this too is a Western assumption, but freedom of expression and freedom of the press seem like a natural first opening after a revolution. These events proved otherwise., Conclusion: Sarah and Todd were both photoshopped into the picture from two separate photos and whoever did it, made an awful job of trying to get the perspective right., Dealings in the Council of Avalhein, Cultural outsiders, To me a fish is a Betta, or Siamese Fighting Fish, whichever you prefer. They are cheap, can live in a five dollar bowl with no filter or heater and are easy to take care of. It seems my husband has other ideas of what pet fish are. He starts looking at all these ridiculously expensive aquariums (we have gone past the tank straight to the aquarium). I ask him just what he is planning on putting in this aquarium and he responses "Guppies". Seriously, a fifty dollar aquarium for a couple of guppies? Then he explains that guppies breed often and in great numbers so we need the big tank. I am thinking that the last thing we need is a zillion guppies., I highlight Steve Rogers own words on the guy, and focus on his wisdom, conscience, and nature as a true Hero because to have read Captain Britain over his 35 year history, to have read what and who the character was when last saw him, I find it incredibly difficult to see his current incarnation as being anywhere remotely near to same individual, with the same moral compass or sense of values., Classical night brought us beautiful music, amazing performances and the season’s first perfect score. But of course, someone has to go home., Do you see that? Thyself. That’s right! We need to show ourselves what God says in His Word. How can you claim the promises of His Word if you don’t even know what they are? How can you be a Joseph and have a Joseph victory if you’ve never even read about Joseph and seen what he did to keep himself blameless, humble and praising God, ALWAYS? How can you be a Joshua if you haven’t read and studied what Joshua did before His God to see the great overcoming power that God performed in Joshua’s life? How can you be a Noah and keep your heart continually thinking and praising God allowing you and your whole family to be saved from the destruction of the whole world because of their hearts and thoughts being evil continually? How do you know that it is GOD who works in YOU both to will and do of HIS good pleasure? How do you know. . ., Eventually, blacks will figure out that the real threat to young men like Trayvon Martin was not a white Hispanic named George Zimmerman. It was a white supremacist named Margaret Sanger., Check 'em out and give 'em some love., The epitaph on this stone, “We shall sleep, but not forever” is the title and first line of a Christian hymn that appeared in print in the late 19th century. The lyrics were written by Mary Kidder and the music by S. George Sibley. The full lyrics are below:, Year: 2011, 1964 FELICIA (also writer), 8:00 – Wolff, Superhuman Happiness, Thought, Awesome New Republic @ Pianos $10 (21+), Ok, that may sound like a big deal (or a large number) to you but it’s something that motivates me to write a blog every day and I love to blog., Couscous is generally something that many of us believe comes out of a packet, and is hydrated by adding boiling water. While there is some value to the instant packet version, once you have tasted home-made couscous, it’s hard to go back. The texture of this home-made couscous is like snow: It melts in your mouth., I always start at the mid point on the back side of the leg,, Political leaders have even begun to encourage the churches to preach social justice to win influence within the realm of the church. BUT they are not promoting the type of action in our communities that the Bible commands, they are preaching socialism., Also, I have these hearts that I might put on the front and write our names in them. Lastly, I might also put the ribbon inside the binding that will come out to use as a bookmark or pen holder., but Citizen Union would like to remind you that no matter who wins today, it won’t change the fact that a growing number of lawmakers are elected with just these kinds of special elections., WHERE: Guitar Center Northridge, Here are a few things you can do to keep yourself busy while the hours pass by slowly, second by second., For this "recipe" I simply browned some plantains and some onions in a pan while boiling the water for polenta. When said water was boiled, I whisked in the polenta, then waited till it was thickened to add in plantains and onions. On top was plenty of salt, pepper, sweet paprika, cumin and hot sauce. A perfectly decadent comfort food lunch. Also, polenta is so cheap and makes so much, it is an excellent investment for the pantry., I feel very plain today. I am so tired of the summer and the heat. It’s hard to come up with interesting outfits when layering induces heat stroke. Today is supposed to be the last of the hot days., Finally, a few comments upon suicide attempts to which the police are called in an attempt to persuade an individual not to take their own life. Within the last few months at work, I have personally attended two incidents whereby my officers and I have been invited to persuade someone not to kill themselves. One involved threats by an out-of-area mental health patient to jump from a very high bridge over an arterial road into Birmingham which had to be closed for the duration of the threat. He was eventually persuaded back over the barrier and arrested under mental health law. The other involved a man who barricaded himself into his own bathroom with a knife and threatened to take an overdose and / or self-harm. His wife called the police in desperation after he own attempts to ensure his safety failed. He was persuaded, hours later, to come out and go to hospital – bearing in mind the police had no legal powers in this private dwelling as his conduct never quite reached ‘breach of the peace’ territory and he committed no offences. Both incidents involved calling for “hostage / crisis negotiators”, although the first one was resolved before they arrived on scene. Their skills at the second were very impressive indeed., 16. Let It Rock, Risk, I worked out 4 days this week. Haven’t been sleeping well, so I gave in last night and just went to bed instead of working out. Regretting it already., “Well do it, now.”, My purpose so far with blogging has been to practise writing, to create something worthwhile, to entertain, but mostly to explore myself before an audience to produce self-acceptance. I think I have made huge strides with self-acceptance, and I can do self-exploration with other tools., Yeah dude…..new beach towels, blender, and huge tub of boat goodies are headin to the lake. The pools gonna be open and some offers in life are only made once. ….small smile…. Family, friends, late nights and late mornings on the water come highly recommended. Being the kingpin of downtime…….is tough. I suppose Pink Floyds wish you were here would be appropriate. But I have other things on my mind., When the space jockey seeds a planet and then wants to erase the species of life it has created via seeding the planet with genetically engineered DNA if the experiment has gone wrong somehow - IT THEN DROPS THE ALIEN EGGS on to the planet and they kill off the creatures that have been created by the space jockey., But this book then. Hugh has such a bad reputation and for a reason, but he still is so kind and sweet, well after a while, and only to Serena. What was there not to like. She made him soften up. And Serena is so brave for not backing down, she wants that asshole Duke to pay. She had quite the backbone., Arsenal next in the FA Cup 4th round…, 3) Pass it along to 10 people and let them know the have received a nomination., Whenever I see a car with a ‘Baby on Board’ sign hanging in the back window I wonder what reaction the driver expects from other roads users. Does the driver feel a sense of protection from displaying this small yellow diamond and declaring to all the dangerous and irresponsible drivers out on the road that this vehicle is now safe and immune to anything which may run into it?, Allow me to preface this post with the following true statement: I love my dad. He and I have always been close, and he is an excellent father. His is intelligent, kind, generous, and responsible. He also has a strong sense of integrity. Because I know these things about my wonderful dad, I can say that when it comes to cleaning…my dad gets kind of crazy., Bafana Bafana (video) – Producer, Death etc., I finished my July design for the monthly QAL at Sandy's Quilt Shop! I'm really happy with the finished mini quilt. I'll share the pattern with all of you in July in case you'd like to make you're own., Imagine a place where your creative visions can be displayed for the world to see... the configurations are perfect! These dimensional and completely customizable shadow boxes can be configured to share your creative thoughts and artful treasures just the way you want. Learn techniques on collaging, layering, inking, painting, and more as you assemble this one of a kind creation. You'll be surrounded with ephemera, trinkets, and found objects to feed your altered desires. The time has come to create the configurations of your imagination that is as unique as you ... Includes all supplies ($95), 1/4 cup cornstarch, I have a post to share about how we are now at NINE on my China team! Go God!! But I had to share how God has humbled me lately through my team., # 2: Joining too many programs, To bicker down a valley., I spent over a hundred dollars that day buying more stuff to work on. I even won a full scrapbook kit to create a large album from Creative Memories., Grasses around the camp for up to a mile or so was cut down the next day. For a few days the fear of lions dominated the camp. Around a month later, it became old news, forgotten by everyone. Work continued as before., Yeah, spend your time with Yuuko, Teiichi-kun! I think this episode doesn’t have anything that is serious…, How do you, and Drik, manage to withstand the threats and pressure?, I also like the way the Galleria deals with that horror of horrors today: empty retail store fronts. The Galleria uses architectural elements of empty storefronts to showcase current retailers and their offerings. You might be excused from enjoying the display and not noticing an empty shop behind. In a rare misstep, one well done display window is located next to waaaay too much empty white space where previously lurked a store front that no longer leads into an open shop. Most often Galleria paints these empty storefronts in an appealing color that works so much better than expanses of white., enjoy it, though. However,Travis Erwin won me over because his words took me to a world I would have never experienced otherwise. And you know what? I had a blast while I explored his bit of Texas. I delight in fiction that makes my belly hurt with laughter. And when the storytelling is weaved with reality, I just love the result., We saw some beautiful historical houses with some amazing gingerbread moldings. The details of the gingerbread told the profession of the owner of the house. In this case it was a ships wheel. Very interesting., For a while this seemed ok. The bike was a no-brainer. The only frustration was to not actually be going anywhere and then that dumb button that the trainer kept using to increase the resistance. The other alternative torture equipment seemed more attractive. Not only could I listen to tunes, and briskly walk on this moving side-walk, I did not have to do the stuff I do at home when walking around the house (such as stooping and bending to pick up whatever the small fry have dropped, ignored, forgotten to put away…not to mention the path of destruction left in the wake of the teenagers passing through)! My preference overall was the treadmill., Mushroom Soup - The Citadel Years brings together these break-through singles, their debut EP Love Will Grow, previously unreleased demos and alternative song versions all on one disc. This collection captures a great band at the peak of its powers., Luke: Oh, and a box of Lemonades, too. 3PO loves those things., The light came from a torch standing straight up, apparently without support, half-way down to the pool. It looked as if someone had simply balanced it there on the rock, until Rel stumbled and slipped past on his way down the slope and saw that in fact the wooden shaft descended into the stone of the floor. It might have grown there, except that it was - very roughly - carved, and the rock around its base showed no sign of the crack that would give a plant purchase., Heinz Fiery Chilli Ketchup is part of their new chilli range which also includes Heinz Chilli Ketchup (a milder version). This sauce promises to give a fiery kick to your meal but although it states on the bottle that it’s great with chicken, I decided to try it with sausages instead. It’s not extremely spicy but you will pick up on a bit of heat from the rice. All recipes will be given a spice rating and you can find out what these ratings mean on the About page., Next I trimmed around my image and edged the top with my Martha Stewart Heart punch, and then edged this with my black card., The color is nice, but not the best with my skintone, way too cool. From the similar color range I much prefer Flormar Supershine 14, the same sparkly finish but a warmer shade or purple, and better quality too. I think I will find a new home for this Deborah polish soon, as I have no desire to wear it again. Also, the intention is to downsize my collection and get rid of all similar colors by keeping only whichever is the best for me. One down, many more to go., In practice, the actuality of bourgeois parliamentary politics, and the fact that it is the Capitalist State, not Parliaments that actually exercise power, has meant that, even where Far Right parties have been in Government, they have been limited in their effectiveness, just as much as Left-wing Governments have faced the same kinds of restrictions. The French FN, is a case in point. In order to make itself electable, and in response to the needs of the reality where it has succeeded in getting candidates elected, it has toned down some of its rhetoric, and in fact, not just the rhetoric. It has become more akin to a traditional constitutionalist Nationalist Party, than a Fascist party, whose real power base is based out in the streets, and whose function is to break up the workers organisations and struggles. In fact, in order to win workers votes, it has been led to adopt a more Strasserite position., Well, that's how it has gone most early Monday mornings for the, My husband has this habit of waking up in the middle of the night, coming downstairs to watch the rest of the recorded program he fell asleep watching in the first place, and then coming back to bed around four or so., Instead of growing roses on this trellis, I'll be growing inspiration by changing what's displayed with the seasons and holidays ~ and now all those little bits of art and crafts and miniature treasures that used to hide in the drawer can be enjoyed up close!, When my writer's group gets a hold of my story, I am sure they will help me obtain the right words and the right feel. They will see things that my eye and mind did not see., Dear Kellie -, – Bird, Well, this one is certainly different:, I am an organizer with MAGNET- Media Advocates Giving National Equality to Transsexual & Transgender People, an anti-defamation and media advocacy group. Yesterday I read the article in your magazine about Janet Mock’s courageous choice to disclose her transsexual medical history to fulfill her passion to help people who are going through what she went through. This woman is a breath of fresh air on so many levels. Not only is she a successful professional, glowing with beauty and authentic spirit, and a role model that squashes tired stereotypes, but she is giving voice to the transsexual medical condition in a country whose gay (not transsexual) establishment is trying to alienate all people born transsexual onto a “transgender reservation” against their will., Links, This 90,000-sq.-ft. lakefront house, originally conceived for David Siegel, chief executive of time-share company Westgate Resorts, is currently unfinished. Construction was halted on the mansion during the recession, reported wsj.com. The house is designed to have 13 bedrooms, 23 baths, a main kitchen with 10 satellite kitchens, and three swimming pools. Siegel is selling the house for $100 million completed, or unfinished for $75 million., Make a fire in the snow. Easy to do in your back yard (if your neighborhood allows). Make snow seats. Find some sticks and roast a bagel or two (pre-butter bagels and simply poke the stick through the convenient hole). Parents can enjoy "refreshments" without worrying about melting ice. This may seem like it requires extra effort, but once you get over the psychological hump of putting snow pants on and assembling fire stuff, you'll be happy. The keys to a successful snow fire are warm clothes and snacks. Very magical at night. Check-out Birgitta Ralston's great book, "Snow Play." My colleague, Joey, received the book as a gift and it has been a real inspiration., And in that moment,, 1. There is a battle going on inside, because the greatest enemy to the power of God, is your flesh., Mineral oil is something you’ll want to steer clear of if you can! It’s hard, because many companies, even the prestige brands, use mineral oil as a filler so they can use less of the actual product and fill their container. There are a lot of debates on if mineral oil is actually damaging or harmful to you or your skin. I can only speak on my personal research and results, which have been that anytime a skin care product has mineral oil in it, my skin actually gets worse. Heres why…., In case you're wondering why it's pretty much quit raining in Austin and why everything's starting to dry up, well, it's my fault., “The experience of Greece, Ireland and Portugal shows that market confidence can unravel pretty quickly. Italy’s fundamentals are stronger than, say, Spain’s, but if the market loses confidence in a country, then such things don’t matter. “, Lately I have been all but obsessed with bittering up classic cocktail recipes. Though this may just be a consequence of having recently acquired a bunch of amari and quinquinas, almost all of my cocktail experiments have included something bitter. Recently, the Palmetto Cocktail in general has garnered a lot of attention in this respect. Simply a rum Manhattan, its recipe is relatively easy to manipulate in a variety of directions. Besides, the intersection of rum and either an amaro or fortified wine almost always yields interesting, tasty results., “Only if you had the bloody pigeon to hand at the time. I mean gelatinous stuff you could mix in with the chilli stuff and it would stay there as a blob. Then I have to take into consideration things like the wind which is going to blow some of the chilli powder away – or rain, which is going to wash it away. But I could mix it into a little watery paste. I just need to have it so it will stick there in a little mound of something that irritates them and they think Oh! this isn’t very nice. I’m off!”, Right now, I have my heart set on Lyndi… I am now petrified that someone is going to snatch her up before we can meet her. (I hesitated even posting her picture here, for fear that someone would see her beautiful face and try to adopt her… You won’t do that, will you?) I am positively obsessive right now. Can’t wait. Can’t., Baal predator tank, Paul perfected his voodoo and cherry-picked his talks with the refs, back-pocket always, and hit his shots. By propelling his action, he passed early and closed with isolation. And Won., It is oh so easy to blame others or circumstances for our unhappiness. We use the “If only…” excuse. “If only I had… more money, a different job, a different family…then I would be happy.” This is the human condition and it is the rare person who escapes this misery trap. As someone said, “Happiness is an inside job.”, I find all of this sad and shocking., HOW DEEP SHOULD YOU DIG?, Here is the thing; Who cares? It is about Christ not them. They argue among themselves that Christ is white.. or Christ is black.. or Christ is British or he is Hispanic or he is an African., waiting for another blind date, y hago las piedras de llorar,, Life is full of lightning flashes,, Happen to One of Your Employees, Bastard caterpillars., I have to note the allegations of racism that have plqued the film over the years. Some have claimed the final, most evil version of gremlins were a negative steretype of blacks. They ate fried chicken, listened to loud music, break danced, and were generally unruly and perverted--all racost stereotypes of blacks. If one is attwempting to see that sort of thing in it, then yes, it looks that way., I decided to hit the town right away. I asked Kirsten some places she recommended, and enjoyed all of the areas she sent me., Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek. His latest book, Neck Deep: The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush, was written with two of his sons, Sam and Nat, and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com. His two previous books, Secrecy & Privilege: The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History: Contras, Cocaine, the Press & ‘Project Truth’ are also available there. Or go to Amazon.com., And the 2010/2011 spot goes to… I really want to say The Future, but seeing Holy Rollers again would be super. And there will probably be a Sofia Coppola spot, so I’m gonna go with “Somewhere”., But even more important still, have I been telling God that there’s no hope? I’ve just been overall negative this week, and I really don’t think I have a good excuse to be like this. I’ve been trying to force myself to focus on Good Friday and hope and Easter and all that, but all I can seem to focus on is me and everything I have to do. Last time I did that, I wound up giving up on everything all together., SUNG:, Posted by eric.stern in International on December 18, 2011 10:32 pm / no comments, So, I managed (with a lot of help from my wonderful family) to keep the Art Journaling weekend on course, it's just taken me a couple of weeks to get it on here., We have a lot going on this start of the week, so we might as well go on., Now if you hadn't seen the before pictures, this wouldn't really look that tidy. But, again, much better than before! I have an idea for those crates stacked up over there - still working things out!, Stay inspired!, Safari Park, Escondido, A collection of 150 psalms, whose Hebrew name is “The Book of Praise.” Authors of individual psalms include David, Solomon, Moses, Asaph, and others who are anonymous. The variety and unity of Psalms have given this book a unique place in the devotional life of the individual and the Church. Almost every aspect of man’s relation to God is depicted in these poems: simple trust, the sense of sin, appeal to a higher power in time of trouble, and the conviction that the world is in the hands of a loving God., Given the amount of times I hear "ahhhhh, pas possible" on a daily basis, I'd say the word "impossible" is actually pretty frickin' French to me. Like, it could be the national anthem and should be right up there with Egalité, Fraternité, Liberté et Impossibilité. No offense but, come on....vraiment?, Auberge de L’Aiguebrun, outside Bonnieux, is in a marvelous setting in a secluded valley with an elegant country menu. 04-90-04-47-00., ignorance without innocence, London was there for the taking by Labour. That's twice Labour has thrown away power by allowing tightly-knit groups of politically motivated men to manipulate the choice of Labour champions in crucially important contests for social democracy in England., It’s all about….Gossiping. We all do it, and it can be fun especially for girls. But it can also be destructive. I am not going to lecture you about its impact, well technically I am so leave now if you don’t want to hear a rant. I am no saint so I can’t say I have never gossiped but recently after hearing some untruthful gossip about myself it made me question why people do it, why do I do it? Is it really because people are insecure? Perhaps there is some truth in that statement, as the ones who seem to gossip are the one’s who have little to do in their own lives except stand around and talk about other people’s lives and how it sucks for them!, 20 Ghost Ships, all your fave retailers like, Which raises the question … am I writer because I was so often an outsider, or was I an outsider, because I was always a writer?, A moron can read Shakespeare…….but that don’t make him noble., I'm under-appreciated., I haven’t done much traveling around since returning from Munich, but the upcoming weeks are going to be ridiculously busy for me, including a day tour of some beautiful castles on the borders, and trips to visit friends in Newcastle (England), Munich & Salzburg, then Dublin for Thanksgiving! I also just made plans to visit my family in Norway for the Christmas holidays, which I couldn’t be more excited about. In short though, this means that I think I will finally be busy enough to be feeling the pressure in school! I have three essays to do this semester and a test coming up in my Islam class on Halloween. The fun all begins next week, so hopefully I’ll have some great stories to share soon., Singing out a Happy Birthday to our Sterrs-among-Sterrs Father's,, 4) I'd love for you to become a follower if you're not but it's not a requirement :), “Yeah, I don’t’ think that it would be good for either of us.” He said. And we left it at that. However, once Sunday night rolled around, we both knew that our weekend together was coming to an end., B-U-S-Y would be the understatement of the year but who isn't busy during the holidays? The first thing to get cut from my list of to-do's happens to be this blog. I hope to be a better blogger in 2012. That can be one of my resolutions. I thought I'd share a few highlights from this past month., I remember a time when I was pretty small that she made corsages of violets. She would drive out on the rural roads and pick the violets. Then she would bring them home and bunch them and dip them in a preserving wax and pretty them up with bows. Then she would drive the long distance to a well-known ballroom dancing hall and there, on the street outside, would sell the tiny bouquets to the gentlemen for their ladies. (She did not know it then, but many years later she would be one of those ladies.), What size glass would you like? Pint, half pint or third of a pint goblet., I. Fuhgivvew, Eventually John, Jr. tore down his original house and constructed an exuberantly Victorian one in its place, in the French Second Empire style. The four-story, five bedroom, brick and stone house featured six fireplaces, black walnut woodwork, etched glass doors, brass doorknobs and hinges, detailed ironwork, plaster moldings, stained glass windows, floors inlaid with fifteen different types of wood, and yes, the very first indoor toilet of any house in Austin (Sa-lute!). There is even a huge letter “B” elaborately carved into a chimney on the west side of the house. Amazingly, this palace was built for only $49,000, and was serving as a YMCA before the Texas Classroom Teachers Association bought and restored it., (I would like to take a moment to inform my readers this book will be available at the end of May; my review is based on an advanced review copy.), 1957: Ants die., And ask for what I want, Article 131, Even though I go cold turkey for days, internet access is like a far from superfluous extra limb. It dangles somewhere cerebrally prominent, possibly trailing like a pony tail from the back of the head (and as my brother-in-law is wont to remark, we all know what is found under a pony's tail)., The word "daphnomancy" comes from Daphne, who according to Greek legend was a woman Apollo turned into a laurel tree. The practice of daphnomancy originates in Greece, where laurel leaves from the Sacred Grove of Apollo were burned to predict the future. This practice was continued during the Roman Empire. Each emperor would plant a tree when they took the throne. Laurel leaves were also used in ancient Greece to crown winners of the Olympics, and in Rome to signify victory as well. Interestingly enough, this sacred grove of laurel trees supposedly withered when Nero died, and a long decline of emperors and Empire followed., I will continue to do my best of delivering the content my readers enjoy. I have made a point to include audio interviews and colorful pictures in each story to not only make it pleasing to the eye, but because more points of view is always better for the reader to grasp what kind of coach each man is like., bacon, cooked and chopped, I hadn’t heard much about The Hunger Games, certainly not at all when the books first came out. A couple of months before the movie released I heard the odd thing, someone read the books, someone else asked for a gist of the story….from what I overheard I thought it sounded like a book I read a long time ago called “The Long Walk” by Richard Bachman (an alias belonging to Stephen King). A similar premise in some ways…but it turned out to be very very different., And breath by breath and death by death, The Market Tightness Index increased to 74 from 60. Nearly half (49 percent) reported tighter markets – reflecting lower vacancy rates and/or higher rents – compared to only one percent reporting looser markets., One of the hallmarks of any discussion of power pop as a genre of music stumbles upon the definition of just what the hell power pop is. Some have chosen an appeal to authority, usually invoking Pete Townshend and early Who. Others have performed a bit of audio vivisection and determined The Beatles brought together all of the elements of the genre. Still others have followed an archaeological approach going back to the 50's tracing the rock and pop influences of artists like Buddy Holly. Further evolutionary thinkers eschew the neanderthal or cro-magnon predecessors in favor of the 1970's emergence of homo power popus, otherwise know as Badfinger, Big Star and The Raspberries. It turns out it is possible to trot out as many different definitions of power pop as there are people listening to it. Power pop, as such, turns out to be a little like obscenity; we cannot define it but we know it when we hear it., "Gluten is ubiquitous."What are the odds? I haven't posted about a word in weeks, nay, months. Three hours after posting this, I run across the word for the second time today, in the book review and in a random magazine in the doctor's waiting room. Coincidences are the spice of life., I’ll give you my insight, my thoughts on it all, Gingrich: if he wants to throw down believe, The Global Emerging Middle is a class of citizens and consumers defining a critical growth horizon for companies over the coming decade. They are found largely in markets we define as the ‘Next 4 Billion’: countries like India, China, Indonesia, parts of Africa and Latin America where over 4 billion of the 7 billion people on our planet reside. Not only will this horizon define how businesses grow over the coming years, but strategies to foster profitable growth in this segment will determine whether companies can achieve sustained success., So I have cycled the paths and roads leading several times to the market in Peterborough, Ontario; the Atwater Market in Montreal (for lovely Quebec cheeses and pastries); Ottawa’s Byward Market downtown, fish-throwing antics at Pike’s Market in Seattle and the hordes thronging at Portland’s market by the grounds of its local university. We have cruised the market plaza in Santa Fe, New Mexico where we saw pottery and bundles of red dried chilies shining under the cold bright blue sky. There was no seafood in sight here., Yup, coffee is back in the game! And I do have to say, my darling coffee, that these last 30 days without you were terrible. Welcome back, blessed friend., This fascinating book begins with the life of a very unusual young woman, Clara, who is psychic and telekinetic in an otherwise non-fantasy setting. It follows a family in Chile through its dramatic ups and downs that are tied to the country’s own political changes. Imagine that James Michener’s novels and the turn-of-the-century Spiritualists had a love child, and you’d get this novel. It was Allende’s first published novel (1982), and led to her incredible success in both the Spanish and English-speaking literary markets., Katie asked me if I had ever had a girlfriend (after I had said “I can see why Tom broke up with you” after she had been annoying me, but I did it in a joking way, and I think she knew that), and then went and told quite a few people. In front of me though, not behind my back, it was during a conversation of ours. She then went and said things like “she wouldn’t like it if she was 16 and hadn’t ever been with someone,” and various other things. She was trying to apologise, but basically just digging a deeper hole for herself. That annoyed me quite a bit anyway. It made me think of Heather and Melissa, and I got… not so much Angry, more frustrated and irritated. But you know the term ‘anger driving’? Well, I was basically anger skating. I must have been going quicker than ever before, fuelled by the thought of those 2 girls. The song “take a look at my girlfriend” coming on really didn’t help. Anyway, I basically knackered myself, and went to go and sit down with Elsa, Connor, Jon and Sophia., Other stuff as per the label; Produced to full ACO organic standards. No artificial fertilisers, chemically synthesised weedicides, pesticides, fungicides, fumigants, growth promotants etc. A sound regenerative organic farming system is used. Cows requiring treatment receive vitamins, herbs, and homeopathic treatments., Even though this is an All-Star subset card, it does have Stan's 1957 stats on it so I think this counts. Damn, he torched the Giants that year. This is not a terribly rare card, high numbers from 1958 are not hard to find. Also, this card is actually triple printed. Stan and Mickey Mantle both were triple printed in the high number series in '58 which might be why it sold so well. You can get your own Stan Musial "First Topps Card" for not all that much scratch if you really want one. This one set me back a fiver., As an employee, schedule oriented and hard working., Earlier today, themirthofdespair nominated me for The Versatile Blogger Award. Thanks so much!! Personally, this experiment with blogging and writing for others’ consumption is new for me, and it’s gratifying to know someone is out there connecting with and/or appreciating what I write., “The Reuters caption emphasizes the fact that the image is a frame grab ‘from an IDF video showing what the IDF says is a pro Palestinian activist hitting Israeli soldiers with a club-like object’.”, An the Go is indulging in our childhood fantasies of wanting to be pilots. Serving lunch in San Carlos, at the @Hillermuseum 11-2pm., Well, I was wrong, and so was almost everyone else. The killing of Stephen Lawrence was described today by a senior police officer as 'one of the most significant cases of its time.' Two of Stephen's killers were finally convicted today - an extraordinary 18 years after his death. The Metropolitan Police's original investigation into his death was appallingly incompetent. Neville and Doreen Lawrence never ceased in their battle for justice for their son, backed by another paper, the Daily Mail, whose editor, Paul Dacre had also, I believe, employed Stephen's father. Their efforts eventually led to a public inquiry which revealed the Met's institutionalised racism - a racism that reached beyond the police and into wider society. The case changed the UK in many ways - summarised here - but I believe that not enough has changed., Ask Tater about the hitting incident, and he’ll tell you that the boy pushed his friend first, and he didn’t like that, so he hit him. We talked about what else he could do instead of reacting like that, like go get a teacher, use your words. Blah blah., Some new Dark Lord would surely soon proclaim, A lot of companies wish to hire you for crewed charter yachts. But you better have knowledge of the yacht charter industry? Check Shiptransfer.net, He didn't see the need to talk at me. I saw his anger leave his body replaced by a defeated slump in his shoulders. He left me standing there and went to get a drink of water. When he came back the defeat had vanished I saw sadness and somethings else...concern? And then he offered me a drink. That broke me. I was all tears. He should be furious. I pulled the ultimate leaving stunt I acted as if he were the bad guy when he came to save me. I was staying over a another man's house (although things remained completely innocent) and I had refused the very thing I had freely offered to him. My submission., I don’t think it’s much to ask really – to want to play with people who have the same goals and ideals. But it seems that finding a group is almost impossible, and you are forced to put up with stuff that irks you on a daily basis, because 25man raiders are so thin on the ground that you take what you can get. The solid player who is a jerk. The nice player who is a bit subpar. The hardcore progression player who is super keen but constantly moans. The person who wastes our time, but we can’t afford to lose his DPS. The guy who’s obsessed with loot and sulks if he doesn’t get what he wants. The one who has been around for ages and thinks he should get special treatment. I’m sure you’re all familiar with the raider grab-bag., A lot of people don't perform too well under the stress of great expectation and to tell the truth, most guys are bloody hopeless without a road map or an operation manual., With four Pattaya nights under his belt and twenty more to go, Wayne considered himself a professional fun-seeker. Yet, instinctively Wayne knew that his one hour with Yung was going to be as good as it was going to get…so, he asked Yung if she would care to stay the evening with him. Perhaps, join him for dinner around the corner at one of the BBQ joints on Soi LK Metro, a drink or two at the Cherry Bar on Second Road and, if all went well, breakfast in the morning. Being that the hour was late for any additional outcalls, Yung agreed., Also expect to fight for your authority. Women do not enjoy the same commanding presence in France, much to my dismay., We are an experiment going right for a change, Leg 4-, SweetLi: BECKY, BECKY!!!!!!!! LOOK IT'S AMY POEHLER!!!!! AMY THIS IS BECKY!, reclining lovers, they're here! the students arrived last thursday and we've had orientation week since then and will continue for a few more days. we've done a lot of trainings and traveled all over the city! one day we had a scavenger hunt all across the city, then we spent sometime in ethnic communities (mexican, polish, russian, orthodox jewish, etc.). it was a great learning time for us all! they we went to church at Jesus People USA (http://www.jpusa.org) on sunday where we met some people who live, work, and worship together. about 400 of them live in an old hotel and have several ministries that they all work in. they don't pay bills, but rather all their expenses are from a central "purse" so to speak. it was a really cool picture of the early church in Acts and i have lots of respect for them. after that we had a listening lunch with some homeless people where we found someone on the street and invited them to lunch. our only job was to listen to them. i was with 2 students and we met dan and arnold- dan was suffering from some kind of mental disability (evident of his talk about aliens in boxes in the park) and arnold just didn't really care. neither of them wanted to go to a shelter. they seemed hopeless and i'm not sure how we can give them that hope. i am still burdened by that and praying that God would show me to best serve them., Underneath all this is an awareness of looking after myself too - I'm my main employee after all. I use to think that I got enough exercise through my day to day activities, but with years of a weekly Pilates class and more recently a determined weekly visit to the gym I've proved that actually proper set exercise has huge benefits for me. I have more energy; I'm more aware of my body and can counter aches from gardening by doing Pilates stretches to strengthen core muscles or even just simply bending me back the other way. I feel better about myself and its strengthened my already determined and positive outlook on life. It feels preventative - I'm not getting any younger but hopefully am working on an insurance policy which will give me the tools and energy to work as well as I can in to the long term., For many of us the quiet of the library is a wonderful retreat from the stress and overload of the day. While the solitude is good at times, don't overlook the chance to make new friends, whether it be the librarian and his staff, at lectures, joining in the various classes, and becoming active in the local writer's critique group. Opportunities to meet your neighbors in a comfortable and welcoming setting is a wonderful way to get out their to spread your wings and be social.<U+FEFF>, “I feel sad that he left because of differences over Bersih,” he said. “After all Tunku joined DAP because we offered a platform to promote integrity and fight corruption.”, I ran and ran and ran and waited and waited and waited for the vibration. All you Garmin users are asking yourself WHY I didn’t just look at my Garmin and see where the mileage was at, right? I know you are. It’s okay. I’m not offended. The fact is that I don’t like to watch the mileage tick off, which is one of the reasons I love the 610. I don’t have to! I can swipe my screen and have the time showing (or the virtual partner, which I have to figure out how to adjust because that dude runs at a 9:05 pace and I will never catch him). I prefer to have the clock face showing because it’s more important that I get back to my house by 5:30 than what pace or how far I’ve run., True Lies (John Bruno, Thomas L. Fisher, Jacques Stoweis, Patrick McClung), We're in a kind of fortress where we cannot be abused., I have more tabs opened than I usually have. Yes, its more work these days. With more than 15 tabs opened on Chrome,a photoshop software, 2 folders and 1 excel sheet opened below, what the heck em I doing?, Now it's your turn to show us your 'FAVOURITE COLOUR COMBO' cards!! There will be five free digi's given to one lucky challenge participant who will be chosen by Random.org at the end of the month! You may now use images from any company and still be included in the draw for the blog candy prize! Those who use one of Crissy's images, either from her rubber or digital collections will be entered twice in the draw.But please respect the rule of no more than three entries per month. Otherwise your, I will have bought a lot of equipment that will last me for years to come. The stapler and the rotary board will last me forever if I am carefull. add $6 for blades every now and then. The printer will be good for at least 10000 copies, probably more. and I will still have $33 bucks in my pockets., A genuine masterpiece about tyranny and control from a writer who may only have produced two novels in his long lifetime but who made sure they were both in their own ways completely brilliant. This novel examines the symbiotic relationship between a man who is clearly Jewish (though never named as such) in 1930's Germany (though this is never made explicit) and the leader, or adversary, (clearly Hitler though again he is not named) who tyrannises him. Brave in its hypotheses, brutal in its psychological insights and honesty, this novel is a classic because it manages to be about all situations in which one group makes a pariah of another. Indispensable., See you on the flip-side., “Alex.”, I had no idea, except that if you're following directions, if someone tells you to turn at the McDonalds and it should be the Burger King, odds are you're not going to even look at the Burger King unless you never find a McDonalds, which is more or less how I figured out what she meant., Aguirre won the Dist 2-5a Title 4 years in a row. He won the Region 1 title 3 years in a row, after a 2nd place finish his Freshman year. His Region 1 Record at Mae Simmons Park stood for 24 years until Colby Lowe broke it last year. He was a 2 time State Champion (1981,1983) a 2nd place finisher in 1982 and finished 4th as a Freshman in 1980. The most impressive race to me was winning his Sophomore year over the great Carlos Quinones (Killeen). Quinones was a tremendous talent who finished his career with Track Pr's of 1:50, 4:08 and 9:10. Carlos was the 1981 State Champ in the 800 and the 1982 State Champ in the 3200. He had range. Bobby was coming off a 4th place finish as a Freshman (to Quinones' 3rd) . There is a story (reliable sources tell me it is true) that Bobby had a shirt made that said State Champ on it. Quinones approached him and asked him, "When were you State Champ?" Bobby replied, "I will be today" Quinones asked him, "What race are you in?" Bobby replied, "The one you're in!" Arrogant? A little, but he backed it up as he won the meet in 15:10. Quinones was 3rd., - Eat them all or try not to !!, Mr. Wallace: What about playing Nostradamus for us? You talk about the rear view and you talk about the present., Remove from the heat and mix in the pumpkin, cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla. Place in the fridge to chill for around an hour., Sometimes I go there without you, d = 293.66, g = 392 = I want, Today I’ve decided to whether three major End Times-related events can possibly happen on December 21, 2012: Armageddon, the revealing of Antichrist’s true identity, and the start of the End Times., Not wanting to rush into these things, for a few months I simply left the all the gears on the bike and just rode around trying not to think about changing gear when I stopped or found the head-wind a bit strong. This is harder than you think because your fingers and thumbs start twitching over the shift levers every time you stop or pull away. After a while I found that the 6th cog on my 8-speed cassette offered the best comprise. It allowed relatively fast riding while not being too ‘tall’ to be a struggle when moving off from a standing start., MT- MPD (Marketing Planning and Development), Long-time readers of this blog might remember an incident I recounted of coming face to face with this fear of Travellers when my truck-house was parked in an orchard in Kent. A woman whose house overlooked the orchard one day hurled abusive language and fearful assumptions like "well you might have dogs, you just don't know do you", "I just don't like having to look at you" and fears that many more vehicle-dwellers might turn up the following summer! I was amazed at the reluctance of people to just come and talk, to see what kinds of people were over there, to ask them questions, to give fellow human beings the benefit of the doubt... but the fear was stronger, and the next day a council official with a clipboard heralded the subsequent leave-taking., He added: ‘We have just started the commercial aspect of this product but the price is not that expensive when you compare it with the long term solution that it gives.’, 19. Snuff, The frost-bead melts upon her golden hair;, Last night’s show lasted for almost 2 hours and started with the songs ‘Calhoun Square’. After an hour the little big man played his first big hit, ‘Little Red Corvette’, to be followed by ‘Love Is A Losing Game’, dedicated to Amy Winehouse., Friday, November 11th – Show and Tell, "I figured this was at night before you put her down. But she looks happy doesn't she?, In Enid Blyton’s Five on a Treasure Island, published in 1942, the story revolves around Julian, Dick, George and Anne finding a treasure map with the word ‘ingots’ (gold) marked by a red ‘x’. Luckily the map is of an island owned by George’s family, but before they can search for the treasure they hear the island is to be sold, resulting in a race against time., This beer was brewed in celebration of the 135th Anniversary of Schell's several years ago. It was so popular, we re-introduced it under the name German Pale Ale., Don't need any of those things, There's a new post on Parent-Free By Choice today, Not Well Adjusted: The Day It Ended. The author explains that she is no longer speaking to her mother because she "couldn't take her constant judging, harassing, and demands anymore.", So, basically, all I want for Christmas is for that fucking song to die. To go away. To disappear and never be heard from again., I was well set in my coffee ways when I stepped into the CAMP House, a coffee shoppe in my home town of Chattanooga, TN. I met Matt, the barista, by ordering a cup of coffee. He saw me go towards the “fixin’” station but stopped me before I got there. He challenged me to take a couple sips before I splashed or lumped. I gazed into the cup seeing the streaks of oil swirl around. Horrifying thoughts of drowning in a tub of black tar & gargling lava began to swim in my mind. An interesting smell brought me back to reality., Staff at Research Center for Prediction of Earthquakes & Volcanic Eruptions, Graduate School of Science, Tohoku University are strongly advised to focus on probability of the next major earthquake in China., it had been a lot of fun., Cut dough into sections and shape as desired, into loaves, rolls, English muffins, pizza shells … See below for details., Here is what he writes in that last novel: ”Look around you. The horizon trembling, shapeless. We are all of us brothers.”, Weakness: The Gaels play offense and that’s it. Defense is just the possible 35 seconds it takes for them to get the ball back. They don’t like to defend and they don’t try to defend. They want to outscore you, but it doesn’t always work in their favor. This is a team that allowed teams like Purdue, Western Michigan and Canisius to score over 85 points. That’s just not going to cut it in the Big Dance., …During the party, at which the sport coat-clad group led a sing-along of the Star Spangled Banner, some guests began taunting them, hurling epithets like “faggot” and “homo.” One guest, whom Dawydiak identified as the son of a prominent pediatrician and a Sacred Heart alum, apparently led the jeering.- - - - - - - - - -, Some of the participants are already hard at work sewing away. Some will arrive 'in trunks'. Everyone is very excited! We will surely post lots of pictures of the event (we will have photographers on site)., To actually answer him., With a noise like Drummers Drumming,, 22. Suzy & Los Quattro-Hank (B Core), “Nobody trips over mountains. It is the small pebble that causes you to stumble. Pass all the pebbles in your path and you will find you have crossed the mountain.” ~Author Unknown, We get our ads from Google's Adsense program.* Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons, which will send these advertisers information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. We are told that this is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites)., Every 10 mins or so, Sylvester would nudge my arm, notifying me that another plane was coming in. I could see headlights through the spotty night clouds. Planes from Jamaica and Great Brittian would fly low into my line of sight, and land somewhere behind us., Hermann Goering, attributed by Gustave Gilbert, Kambale Musavuli -, Starring: Jon Pertwee as the Doctor, with Katy Manning as Jo Grant, Legos (although hardly considered doing nothing), Sassy, Do please check out the link over on the right to BLOOD WILL TELL. That isn’t just a pretty image of the cover., Once you have a liquid consistency go ahead and add the Hemp Protein Powder, Agave Nectar Syrup, and Cayenne Pepper., Fortunately, Portland now has a 100% solution with the newly-opened Bailey's Taproom, just across Ankeny from the Tugboat downtown. It is smoke-free, centrally-located, has a great list of taps, and serves beer in 20-ounce imperial glasses. That's the superfecta of taprooms!, So I get my hands up under me to push myself up to turn around and she reaches out, grabs my cast a little below the knee and YANKS it towards towards her trying to swing me around! The same direction it broke in the first place!, The Lord says there is someone here, he said your constant prayer has been; God bless Daddy G.O, the Lord asked me to tell you, I will bless you also., Of all the shows and clips and films that I’ve ever watched that were made by and performed by Monty Python – there is one line that for some reason I’ve never forgotten. It is when three red-robed, faux-16th century pseudo-clerics bounce into a modern day room making the announcement that “Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.”, So the judges unceremoniously gave Gavin the boot, and Urkel lives to dance another week., She always puts out such a yummy spread when we go there. My girls call her the hostess with the mostest :), When Amalie Ansett visits her elderly cousin on the small Caribbean island of St. Clements, the last thing she’s looking for is romance. Just out of a disastrous marriage, she’s ready to swear off men forever., In order to truly appreciate the high quality images of Blu-ray Disc, the sound performance needs to be upgraded to match the images. Until now, it was difficult to fully enjoy Blu-ray Disc sounds because you had to install and correctly set up the speakers., Who said mid-morning radio is only for background music and should be boring?, A Great and Terrible Beauty by Libba Bray, the concept of a cyborg cinderella sounds catchy as hell, don't it? thankfully, this book, for all it's ambitiousness, ends up being a kickass read. the only problems i had with it was its sometimes slow pace and lack of a fleshed-out world. i honestly don't know what really did it for me--the swoonworthy love interest and the spunky-as-hell heroine, most likely--but i just dug this one. i'll be reading the sequel, and coming from someone who 70% of the time skips sequels, that's saying a lot!, Trying to pretend the 2 was not there,, And he stood still and poised and answered "yes what you say is true - these allegations have merit", Can you feel the love tonight, Layered over that is Luxe & Lush (originally 'Flaming Gems'), which is a topcoat filled with iridescent flakes. The flakes are really gorgeous and the colors in them range from gold and green and pink to blue and purple (click on the photo below to enlarge it so you can see the flakes better...they're so pretty!); it's original name really suits the color. I'm going to love layering this over lots of different polishes, it's such a fun addition., Karo is a good friend of the art lodge and we’re big fans of her work. This is the first installment of some of Karo’s work that we’ll be sharing. Peep her bio and some of her photos below., That person who covers the faults, even when exposed, of good men, obtains blessedness even after committing faults. As the sun rising at morn dispels darkness, one dispels all ones sins by acting righteously.”, The first officers who arrived on the scene chased a suspect into a home, where the suspect first barricaded himself inside a room and then menaced officers, who shot him dead, police said., It’s officially the start of summer holidays here. The sun is shining, the sky is blue. My tomato plants have gone mad with an abundance of shiny red cherry tomatoes. Schools broke up a week ago, the builders took their annual leave as of yesterday. People from upcountry are blocking the roads as they get lost and drive too fast. Restaurant prices have soared for the annual influx of tourists. Oh yes, holiday fever abounds and I swear everyone is wondering around with tinsel hanging out of their ears!, What is the role of the fashion blogger in promoting businesses like your own? Huge. Anyone who would underestimate that would be silly! There are too many fabulous blogs for me to start listing here but my latest fashion blogger encounter was with the lovely Sandra from 5incheandup who I met just a couple of days ago. She only started her blog and now gets 30.000 views a day. That’s just mad. There are certain bloggers who would wear something for their blog and that particular item would sell out in the shops. So if I get the fashion bloggers interested in my store, I’ll be very happy., Jack had a pretty pithy statement as well (He did warn us he was going to get more curmudgeonly this year):, But I can tell you this. For the first time in this WHOLE chunk of time, I can see how easy it might be to start making promises you just can't keep, so that you don't hurt anybody. Believe me, I am not making any rationalizations or excuses for what happened over there...I'm only telling those who have been here from the beginning that when you do this kind of thing, on this side of the fence, you are afforded a perspective that gives you insight that you would not believe., Corruption of morals in the mass of cultivators is a phenomenon of which no age nor nation has, 2. As moronic as it sounds, clean your house! And the garage! And the side of the house you haven’t visited in a few years! And the closets! And the garage again!, Mr Roots' version of events is rather different. He claimed that he wanted to show Mr Bailey how he was making his sauce. With that in mind, Mr Roots purchased some ingredients and, in the course of doing so, met Mr Hoffman -- whom he also invited to watch him make his sauce. Mr Roots maintains that Mr Bailey was not interested and left after a few minutes., I told Kaylee this story and continued to answer questions about abortion and teen pregnancy. We talked about the show that she's seen at friend's houses that is a reality show about teen pregnancy and mothers. I told her, as I have many times, that sex between a man and a woman as ordained by God in the holy union of matrimony is a beautiful gift to be enjoyed and relished, but, outside of matrimony, either premarital or extramarital, is simply dangerous. We talked about many other topics that day., They can't tell say whether the shooting happened because of human error or a problem with the gun., ONE, he’s awoken/, THE LAST VOORD!, #3 The Respect leaflet going out in Oldham states that Labour should “pause for self- relection” following the Woolas affair. This is correct., Ethel at the Gordon Street home with "Nipper". I can only guess the date., Alfred Hitchcock employs seemingly simple camera angles and restrained cutting to present a scene that is not merely a showpiece of suspense, as what he is usually known for, but uses cinematic language that comments on how we can't trust what we see with our own eyes., And this is the smile, just a couple of glamorous weeks away!, This crew worked hard, toured alot, and didnt have much slack time ... they also infuenced so many other's as well, they were on major film soundtrack's ... and I have seen them on over at least a dozen compilation recording's, they were also into "pro- choice" activism and more. Their sound is great "live" ... I seen them in a venue in the late 1980's (88/89?) with maybe a capacity crowd of about 1000+ only ... but ... this crew has proven time and again, that they can do well in damn near any kind of setting ... their the kind of group that would be ideal for a private party/ gathering ... a large nightclub, or an open roof stadium. And their music is simple rock ... I call it "punk" and some would prefer to put them in another genre, whether it's metal, grunge, alternative, or whatever is popularly fitting of the era. Other than that ... they just kick ass, plain and simple. Enjoy! ...., I has really wierd fins, they have, The game promoted Hyundai hatchback Veloster. Players controlled it using the iPhone, by tilting to right and left and controlling the accelerator via the app. After the race the player’s score appear on the billboard against other racers. A good way to engage a group of friends trying to beat others scores., Here’s what you do…, Drain, then Wrap the tubing up., “I was just kidding Ma,” Piper whined like a little boy in trouble. Then he and Mike were ushered out of the kitchen., One Sunday morning, I invited a dear friend of mine, Father Todd, an Anglican priest to teach. His visit took place just as we were starting out, so our fledgling group sat around the coffee tables scrunched up close to make it look like there were more people present than there actually were., 5. If you have any left over cookies, crumble a few and sprinkle on the last layer of pudding., These Easy Chicken Enchiladas are truly yummy! I've made them twice since I came across the recipe a couple of weeks ago and they got devoured both times., Customer: ' I would like to order a cake for a going away party this week.', For those of you wondering if France has a military, the answer is bien sur. And last weekend it was out in full force to celebrate La Fete Nationale. Don't let the wimpy equipment fool you; these photos were shot in the 14th arrondissement long after the ceremonies had broken up. There was a ton of action on the Champs Élysées. We watched a bit of it in on T.V. It was bizarre to see the beauty of the Arc de Triomphe and all the crowds and realize that it was just a short metro ride away. Although I’ve fallen into a routine (which we’re trying to shake-up), when I take the time to appreciate my surroundings, I’m still awe struck., Some 200 neighbours turned up on the Sunday for their annual serving of ‘arros’ (shellfish and pork) ‘mandoguiles i butifarra’ (meatballs and sausages) and ‘flam’ (baked custard) all washed down with wine, cava, ratafia (walnut liqueur) etc. Suitably fuelled the dancing commenced sedately with the ‘sardana’ followed by a mix of two step, jive, waltza and as evening fell the front of La Rectoria took on the form of a discoteque., kelly green & baby pink... I kind of wanted to keep this table! ;), Tine vs. The Berger....goes to Tine. These are phenomenal treats but I realize the danger they pose. I am willing to run the extra two miles just to indulge in two of these scrumptious delicacies. The Berger is definitely something every Marylander should experience, but heed my warning...just buy one pack at a time. At 140 calories a pop, they are a spare tire just waiting to happen., As their word is broken, Roughly half of the school districts reported that they lacked good information on research-based curriculum and instruction for English learners., Research and observations show that managerial psychopaths possess many self-serving and/or maladaptive emotions, such as: Arrogance, grandiosity, pleasure, anger, rage, hostility, contempt, overweening, envy, jealousy, greed, suspiciousness, impatience, and irritability. Because of their superficial charm, people often misperceive their impulsivity and unscrupulousness as being courageous and determined, and mistake their self-inflation and self-admiration as signs of self confidence., you can sow seeds of root veggies for fall crops, and lettuces, kale and spinach, “What PM Lee said is the truth. Germany has a labor shortage and it went abroad to fill it….Singaporeans should stand behind the solution that the PAP proposes to sustain the standard of living.”, Notes on Ingredients: I used Pierre Masson VSOP brandy, a 1:1 simple syrup, and Chateau St. Michelle sparkling wine., Everything. And nothing. Why,, While Plejaran forces will make every effort to destroy the bases quickly and cleanly, it is expected many will be booby-trapped with nukes, or the grays, mantis and dracos will self-destruct the bases before the Plejarans get there. Air battles are expected, in the lower atmosphere and in orbit. The possibility of ground battle with Darco soldier class beings is strong and they may take humans hostage as leverage. Andromedans will handle any hostage negotiations and Procyon military units will handle ground and hand-to-hand combat., Barclays Bank has had almost L6 billion invested from Abu Dhabi and Qatar. Brown is to make London the global centre of Islamic banking and Britain’s major banks are accepting Sharia finance. Sharia is a project for Islamicising society. Alistair Darling, Chancellor of the Exchequer, advocates Sharia finance., UPDATE: Bread!, In such surroundings-occasional as our visits may be -we can acheive that kind of physical and spiritual renewal that comes alone from the wonder of the natural world., I got these MS felt alphas after Christmas for super-cheap at Michael's, but I couldn't really think of how to use them. There's not enough to make a big title, and they seem pretty limiting. But, after a close look, I realized that I could probably slice the holly off them!, Here's a finished project! This little counted cross-stitch took me forever to actually complete. The fabric is ivory, and the pale pink and pale ivory half-stitches were impossible for me to see what I was doing unless I was practically in sunlight, so I stalled at several points. Ah, well, it's done now! And looks lovely on my wall., Monday we planned a ton of Earth Day activities. We read tons of books and talked about what we can do to protect the Earth. One of the activities was from Fun 2B in First. Unfortunately I didn't get a picture of how they turned out, but let's just say Super Cute! As a culminating project, my students planted marigolds. I bought all my kids little clay pots at the Dollar Tree and they decorated them with paint pens. Again, (do you see a theme here?) I didn't get pictures of us planting them but I do have a picture of their finished product. We will be watering them and watching them grow for the next several weeks. They will get to take them home around Mother's Day., My cholesterol. It has come down 28 points since May 2009, nothing to worry about. Yes the LDL was a little high but less then last year, lots less then the year before. My good HDL is excellent which makes up the difference in the bad so nothing to worry about there. Okay so the next thing we talked about…., Haha, I love this photo!, The next two weekends promise to be full of travel and adventure. First we are headed to Pahrump Nevada to visit my parents and celebrate an early Thanksgiving and birthday celebration for my dad who will be turning 91. I will return home for one day of work on Monday and then we are headed to the Happiest Place on Earth by Tuesday. Effy, our exchange student has never been to Disneyland, so I hope she will have a great time. Don't tell anyone we are playing hookey on a school day. On Thursday, I think we will have a low-key Thanksgiving dinner here at home. We may invite some friends over to join us, but not the extended family (of course they are welcome if they show up). Friday, we are off to the beach for a couple days of fun and exploration. I agreed to take some family portraits for one of my coworkers on the beach and she agreed to pay for a hotel room. I don't directly charge for my photography since I am still in a "portfolio-building stage" and I don't consider myself at a professional level yet, but I do hope to get there one day., We focused our discussion later on, focusing a bit on the idea of context itself. It was pointed out that writers, like James Baldwin, were in search of their identity – be it culturally or any other aspect of identity. Ultimately, most writers focus on the personal. Sure, they play with ideas that are bigger than they are (Colonialism, Orientalism, Surrealism, Magical Realism, Society, Politics, etc.); but the ideas go down to personal experience. The best example I can think of, when it comes to myself, are my epistles. I am playing around with a lot of ideas (What makes identity, myth, culture), but most of what I am writing comes from personal experience – both of my trips to Puerto Rico and my experiences in New York (the here and now)., The Palestinians and the Egyptians have made many announcements about "breakthroughs" in negotiations. I remember when people were talking about a release before Yom Kippur, or before the end of Ramadan. Nothing happened., Winter greens with carrots, feta cheese and brown rice - such a delicious and quick recipe! We've made this twice so far, the first time with brown rice and more recently with quinoa., I am all for devolution in its various forms, perhaps even Scottish independence, but I have a nasty feeling some people really do have fantasies of Cornish independence. Quite how they think Cornwall could be economically viable, I have no idea. Perhaps tin will become the new gold., When you lift weights, your muscles adapt by becoming larger and stronger. Your bones adapt by becoming more dense. Etc…, The Girl In The Blue Velvet Band by Bill Monroe & His Blue Grass Boys, Which way to forgiveness, Driving home, she looked at her milometer, at the gauge that told her how much petrol she had left. In her mind, she turned the fuel in the tank to a number of miles, the miles into minutes, the distance from home into a time of arrival. When she got home she turned the evening into the seconds before sleep, the hours before waking again., Manchester has beautiful buildings but they are being overwhelmed by standard new ones and to strengthen local identity the council should rebuild in facsimile some of the beautiful ones that were demolished., I like to think of myself as a realist who doesn’t believe in fairy tales, but sometimes fairy tales do happen and come true., From her nickname, Spicy, you might imagine that my friend has fair skin, fiery hair and a hot blooded Irish temperament. She couldn’t be more different. Instead imagine the girl-next-door with a sweet spirit, wavy brown hair and a slightly Mediterranean /Middle Eastern complexion. Like my nickname, Grace, hers is ironic. Our nicknames were given to us by Cornerstone’s philosophy professor Dr. Bonzo, somewhat as a joke, during a philosophy conference we went to in our undergrad. Having agreed that it’s weird having a friend with the same name, we prefer our nicknames., 200 grams enoki mushrooms, David Cameron was quick to seize upon Leveson’s remarks when facing the Opposition leader’s damning observations shortly after noon in the Commons, arguing that Miliband should “let the enquiry take its course”. But there are two gaping holes in this argument: why didn’t Leveson let the enquiry take its course, as opposed to intervening in such an inexplicable manner? And how can there be any excuse for a Minister who tells the House he is releasing all the correspondence about the enquiry…but is later shown to have left out all the incriminating bits?, 2 experimental, The Name of the Game, 120Those still at least are left thee to bestow., I cried and the tears froze on my face. Dying of the cold, my naked body huddled against a wall., The ladies sing, ” As the dEvatas, the s’rIkarAs, are saying s’rIrastu – may there be welfare, O little Sasirekha prosper!”, Looks like they sort of tried to erase the apostrophe on “tea’s” but probably left it because they weren’t sure., I loved the wording of the following quote. Love that it becomes layered when you compare a Capaill Usice to a regular horse; Corr to regular Capaill Usice…, But wait - I wasn't going for playful. I was going for grown-up and sophisticated and moody! Well, that chair had different plans for me. And, you know what? It's a smart little chair with really good plans., In my heart, Stamps: Stampin Up, That's it, Easy Peasy Lemon Squeezy!, The Lambrusco Kid 2:54, Here’s one of the examples that he gives:, MILWAUKEE/SULLIVAN WI, Social Butterfly, Evil Joy’s Applied Mathematics Bachelors Degree was not meant for this type of use., obsessions: top chef, perfect mashed potatoes, reading, Seeking wild Flame Lilies in the Kasane Forest Reserve just behind our home, is now a family New Year tradition, or perhaps even a ritual to get the year off to a good start!...., And then there are the contests with a hidden agenda: making money for the sponsor., It was….. Fragmentary, And though Deep Throat was portrayed as a man sickened by the wiretaps and break-ins by the White House, Felt himself, writes Holland, “authorized illegal surreptitious entries into the homes of people associated with the Weather Underground.”, Confronting me my saucy Sal, You can find the answer in the foreword. The answer is no. She calls her husband a domestic god. I’m pretty sure we all know what that means., The only thing that is good about the Panama season is the Haunted Acting by William Fichtner as Mahone. First class stuff., After musical practice, I made dinner for Chunnie and myself. It’s the second time I’ve ever made food, I hope it taste a lot better than before., But then, that's how ignorant Romney is. Smart in business--his own business, if not the healthcare business--an ignoramus in just about everything else. Especially when he opens his mouth and out come the words that hoist him on his own petard., But suddenly it's December and in Central Australia Summer has just appeared---and with summer the warnings have started., (Turk does a cheesy dance.), Do you need contemplation? Do you remember it?, All blog readers who want to join the hunt PLEASE EMAIL ROBYN. This is important. If you do not email Robyn to get a question sheet, you will not be eligible to win prizes. It doesn't matter how many times you comment on my blog or other authors' blogs, you must receive a question sheet, or you will not be eligible to win., (13) Nancy Smith, So as you can see, he gave me a lot of ideas to work with., I tell her that I will attend to her needs presently, in a more suitable venue for such tuition. Let's hope she doesn't give up the minute her wrists start to ache., 12:00 - you pay, you leave 1€ tip, and petulantly mumble something under your breath much to the delight of the waiter., There's been Lots of Progress, “Oz Vessalius, heir to one of the duke houses, has just turned fifteen. His life is rich and carefree, darkened only by the constant absence of his father. At his coming-of-age ceremony, however, everything changes. For no reason that he can discern, he’s cast into the prison known as the “Abyss”, only to be saved by a “chain” known as Alice, the bloodstained black rabbit. It is unknown why was he cast into Abyss, how does Alice factor into it all, and what does the organization known as “Pandora” want with him.” – Anime News Network, The issue of “mean girls” in our culture has been growing and expanding over the past several years. It happens in school, at work, in the movies, on our televisions, through technology and basically everywhere two or more people co-exist., Let's get some plot on the page here. What does Tabitha want? When you say she'd be having the time of her life, what did she think she'd be doing? Why isn't she doing it? What's keeping her from doing it?, Baker Street is another one of Sydney's classic hidden secrets. From the outside it looks like a simple coffee shop set-up in a converted terrace, but step inside and owner Juan Duret's display cabinet beckons with a raft of traditional Argentinian treats., It seems that all week the nursery were prepping our children for the wedding. The whole week was focused on princesses and weddings and reminding them to watch it. He thought we were actually going to go in to see it - in fact many of the children thought the same., Cook the potatoes in a large pot of salted boiling water until fork-tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and let cool. Transfer to a large bowl. Mash the potatoes until smooth. Add the creamer to make them smoother., I have a tickle in my brain. And it keeps making the corners of my mouth point toward the heavens. ~Jeb Dickerson, www.howtomatter.com, Mighty Coala literally means mighty koala, powerful koala. When we named the band, Hyejin (key, voc) wanted "mighty" and I wanted "koala". So we simply put them together., The next day, I baked the cake layers using my favorite red velvet recipe from Martha Stewart's "Cupcakes" book, except that I divided the recipe in half and poured the batter into two 6-inch pans instead of a cupcake pan. Once they were baked and cooled, I started assembling my cake., Dunlop produces one of the most extensive ranges of tyres, and since its highly innovative beginnings, has grown to be one the world’s best known tyre brands. The brand is once again at the cutting edge of tyre technology and as a result Dunlop tyres are fitted as standard by many of the world’s leading car manufacturers such as Audi, BMW, Lexus and Honda., All of the above photographs, -The best thing I can think of is __________., The mountain in the background is Elk Mountain and we spent a fair amount of time traversing around on there throughout the week., 3:20 p.m. — Moved fermenter to fermentation chamber. Pitched yeast. Set thermostat. Time to clean up., We long for lives that are rich and meaningful but we often don’t know what will make our lives that way. Is money the answer? Romance? Adventure? Will my profession give my life meaning? For everyone the answer is probably different but I think there are some ways of living that will never be living for anyone: a selfish/self-centered life. (Though living completely for others and losing our sense of self isn’t living either)., Curiously, Mr. Gingrich’s remedy for a “constitutional crisis” (and for the record, we are not in the midst of a “constitutional crisis,” at least not if that phrase has any of the gravity that the Constitution itself has) is to radically politicize the Constitution. If you believe we’re in the midst of a constitutional crisis now, buckle your seatbelts. Strip the Supreme Court of supremacy in constitutional interpretation (a notion, ironically, with considerable liberal support), abolish the Ninth Circuit, and subpoena judges to explain their decisions to Congress – and we’ll be awash in weekly constitutional crises., his unsheath’d sword,, By Julie Rowe, dark chocolate brown with gold sparkles. this was the most difficult shade, it was pigmented but swatched poorly., After the ultrasound which took twenty painstaking minutes of me holding the upper body while Bry held her legs. Maeve screamed as they checked her from positions on her both her back and stomach. CHoP is a teaching hospital, and unfortunately we had the new resident in radiology who was not that familiar with the ultrasound machine. The tech spent a lot of time talking the resident through the ultrasound all while Maeve cried and then sucked her pacifier. I believe if the regular tech had performed the ultrasound it may have been about a third faster. But, docs need to learn somewhere, right?, Full of shame, full of fear, full of sadness, of pain, of great sorrow. I was completely lost, and for the first time in a long time, I sang during worship and I meant it., YOUR DOG IS YOUR MIRROR, Perhaps they are not telling the truth - tax has to be paid by 31st Jan, but the PLR payment doesn't come through until February. But let's assume they are, since we should take people at their word unless we have good reason not to. (Probably all the disasters in my life stem from that naive principle - no matter.), She is like her mother in that most of her actions toward others are motivated by her own losses and gains, but she has her father’s mildness. She reminds me of Isabella in many ways., Time to think and watch. Watch as the employees at the DMV engaged in an elaborate dance that could be called Ignoring My Responsibilities and All Sense of Customer Service: A Movement Study. After "helping" (servicing? dealing with? tolerating?) an individual tax-paying citizen, one DMV employee in particular would begin her dance. It went something like this:, Here, in not-so-great phone photos, is a nice little spring walk around our neighborhood., Teddy was standing in the cart next to me but I had my back to her. Her sister told me later what happened. All I heard was a blood curdling scream and turned around in time to see a 6 foot bunny rabbit jump back and rip his head off hyperventilating. (His character head. Although I did want to rip off his real one.) Dumb bunny., Michael and Helen stay informed about Mazatlan while they are in Vancouver. They participate in events Mexico organizes on the Lower Mainland and they are not alone. Thousands of Vancouverites flocked to the Fiesta and many donned traditional Mexican embroidered clothing and sombreros. Partygoers braved the evening rain to sing the Canadian and Mexican national anthems as both countries’ flags stood side by side on the main stage. The crowd sang, danced, ate and cheered as anyone would at a good Mexican fiesta., Sure, clown fish can’t talk or widen their eyes for comic effect, but they can do cooler things, like switch genders., BNR stands for Buy and Replace, and BNS stands for Buy and Stay. In a BNR, curators create a treasury of items from various shops. Anyone can act as a curator. Curators are sometimes part of a Team on Etsy and only feature items from Team members. Some curators use a Team as a sponsor of a BNR but anyone can participate. Some BNRs follow a theme like a color, season, holiday, or supply. Some BNRs and BNSs last several rounds over several days., “We wondered about using Stephen Hawking,” said Mike Ock, head of Marketing at M&S, “but although we had several meetings with him, he failed to grasp the idea. Whereas Lumley got it on the second attempt. So she was the obvious choice., Fiercely in the spear din., The recent plans to build a new community on the banks of the toxic Gowanus Canal now seem to be part of a faded dream. As last decade's real estate boom collapsed in 2008, the Brooklyn Daily Eagle reported that The "Gowanus Village property is back on the market.... the asking price is $27 million." By 2009, the NY Times had concluded that "New York is, after all, a city where people have proved themselves willing to live almost anywhere, where no location, be it smelly or notorious... seems to be beyond the reach of gentrification. But the case of the Gowanus Canal has put that assumption to an extreme test.... the Gowanus Canal has been left to wait on the verge of metamorphosis, no longer one thing but not yet another.", AG: This is your debut LP, after big noise around your first material released last year with Ordinaire. What was the goal with this new release, and how would you compare artistically the new work with your previous material on Ordinaire?, This was my day off for this week. I got this yummy Pocky from the postman., Wolves are interesting creatures. They were so close to getting wiped out, but being ferocious predators, humans helped rejuvenate their population in parts of the planet. Their pack structure is also very cool to me, with the alpha male and everything. I think the kid in me would run as far as possible from that role, but the adult side of me can’t wait to step up and be that figure, but at what price?, But, dang, the food is too good. We’ve been out to eat every day. Tonight, I gotta cook before we turn into roli-polies., So once again, you have room to, That’s why I told my Wifesy this morning, “Stay strong and remember the doggie clits.”, How do you hide two enormous pools like that? Was it smaller than I remembered? WHERE'D IT GO?, This morning, I chose to take advantage of the weather and go for a run, tackle this issue head on, see if it’ll help. Yes, it was tough and burning, but at least I attempted. Sometimes, it only takes an attempt to change your mindset and mood. Never give up. Test your durability. Are you going to pass or fail?, My life is still on that fast roller coaster track. God is full control and I believe he has strapped me in tight and is taking me on the most exciting ride of my life. My heart is pounding with anticipation. My head is filling with hopes and dreams and my stomach is still a bit nauseous. I expect sharp curves. I anticipate uphill travel and it may take a long time to reach the top. I am certain that I will fall pretty fast and hard some times. BUT as long as I have the gift of PEACE, I can enjoy the ride!, A Heart of Flesh, anthropology I am indebted in general, one which has influenced our, Le Forum has an old-boys’ school feel with its scattering of comfy armchairs, dark wood, low tables and cozy corners. I loved the two old juke boxes in the back, although took issue with what I found to be extremely unattractive carpet. (This certainly doesn’t affect the cocktails - I just often wonder why both public transportation upholstery and business carpeting can be found in such horrendous patterns)., Then the killing starts. Jules is taken out first by the Redneck Zombies and a bleeding Curt makes his way back to the cabin where he decides they all need to stick together. Not liking this turn, the technicians pump some gas into the cabin that gets Curt suggesting they all split up, which everyone but Marty agrees with. (Marty’s weed inhibits the effect of the pumped-in chemicals.) Splitting up, the technicians lock them in their rooms so the zombies can get at them one at a time. In his room, Marty knocks over a lamp and realizes the room is bugged, his paranoid fears about “puppeteers” proving true. Before he can tell the others, however, Marty is dragged outside and killed by the zombies., Professor Micheal Savage, a sociologist at the University of York in England, wrote:, “From all reports, their rapport grew even deeper during this time,” says Venkata. “At one point, Dr. West expressed appreciation for his mother, mentioning that she continues to be the biggest influence in his life. Touched by this, Radhanath Swami said that he would really love to meet her someday. At which point Dr. West responded, ‘Let’s call her up.’ So they did! And so you have this funny scene where Radhanath Swami and Cornel West are spontaneously phoning up, While I don’t think that Miss Fisher’s is all that good of a murder mystery (when watching a good murder mystery at some point you might think to yourself “oh that’s neat!” or “how clever!” or “this should be interesting!” or “this is going to be fun!” – which I rarely do when watching Miss Fisher’s) I think that its biggest problem is that it lives on the ABC. When the ABC should have been giving us creatively daring series they’ve given us a legal drama (Crownies), a crime drama (The Straits) and a murder mystery (this thing); even The Slap, which was quite good, was still an adaptation of a critically acclaimed, best-selling novel; hardly a risk. The only thing Miss Fisher’s can really do to fix this problem is to become something that it is not. This is a murder mystery that appears uninterested in world building and allergic to anything beyond the bare-minimum of serialization – this isn’t the stuff great shows are made of; this is the stuff fluffy Friday night filler is made of., I'm already overwhelmed with school work so I took a night to myself to just focus on relaxing and unfortunately, studying and catching up on some reading for class (total nerd, I know)., Status : Active, To emerge, The very students who most need opportunities to connect, either with literature or through writing, are the very ones whose educational experiences are being made narrower and narrower until the whole of what they “know” can be expressed by filling in a bubble., Cheating and using exploits is an admission that you can’t win without them. Furthermore, you’ll find winning a fair fight a lot more rewarding. If winning is really important to you, keep practicing and learn from what successful players are doing. Should the competition prove to be too much for you, finding a different game is a better solution than cheating., Lube up a baking sheet with the oil, lay the balls on it, coat them with a little more oil, and bake for 30 minutes. My balls are now ready for consumption., Levy (2006) suggests that when people today expose their iPod screen to an observer, they are turning the otherwise private device into a potential broadcaster of ones taste. And thus it is somewhat possible to judge an individual’s personality by their playlist., Our response seems to have fallen on deaf ears., In my twenties, often I would not know what my feelings were, however strong, and in the late nineties when I discovered my feelings I found they were anger, frustration, resentment and fear. Resentment is one of the ground bass notes of this blog, obvious in my recent London post. Here, I state it to show that I am not ashamed of it, in the hope that I might pass through the other side., Well, it’s simple, I can have three litters, ranging in size from four to ten, ready to go every month if I simply acquire six more does and two more bucks. This allows me to give the does a six week period without babies and one full month where their bodies aren’t being eaten up by babies in one form or another. While most of what I’ve read says that this is more than adequate, I’m still slightly worried about the doe’s health in the long run with this schedule and I may end up picking up more does to help ease the strain on them., FACT: Chewbacca’s character name is inspired from a city in Tunisia called Chebika City., After what has felt like months, this move back to the island is pretty much officially over. It only took four month to finally get all this dam furniture to the north but it's finally here. Three more pods full of random "Useless" crap came in last week. And with that, we started yet another Pod Party. That being calling all the friends I could and making them move everything from the pods to the basement with payment being pizza. It would have been a quick and easy job, but of course as with everything with this move, there was a problem. Apparently even though my mother claimed that she threw out most of what was left in the house at North Carolina, we still had way too much stuff., I'm off tonight to see my other brother's band play for the first time. They've been getting all these rockstar gigs, and I haven't had an opportunity to see him strut his stuff. So I'll be getting ready for a night on the town and preparing for a huge long weekend tonight. We've got Chinese New Year celebrations, dinners, parties and I'm even holding a stall at the Camberwell market on Sunday in my ongoing attempts to purge. So If you don't see me this weekend, just picture me sleeping, exhausted in a pile of clothes., Between Valley Forge and Lititz, we stopped in West Chester to visit the Book Barn. It’s a lovely old stone barn that houses five floors of used books. These books range from first editions to the David McCulloch biography of John Adams (which Ruth purchased for $10…it was hardback and in mint condition!) After the Book Barn, we headed into West Chester for lunch and found the wonderful Market Street Diner. It had wonderful food. We highly recommend it should you ever find yourself nearby., Welcome to the tiniest guest room, under the eaves, ever. I'm still at work on this space, but after the handyman mounted the lights it started looking great! I love the bed tucked into this nook. And the bedding adds some life and eclecticism to a very simple space., 453990 All other miscellaneous store retailers (including tobacco, candle, & trophy shops), So, few weeks back, as I was in the area, I decided to actually go to Plavi podrum and enjoy it on my own. This iconic place is famous for sea food and great selection of wines as the owner, Mrs. Kramariæ, is one of the master somellier’s in the country and a well respected authority on wines (and food, of course), Support Starbucks Day was a great gesture of support for a strong, ethical company. Starbucks promotes diversity and responsibility as key components of their corporate culture. Even if you missed stopping by last Saturday, stop by today and say “thanks a latte!”, Matthew Wright is one of New Zealand’s most published historians and writers. He has qualifications in music, history and anthropology, among other fields, holds multiple post-graduate degrees in history, and is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society at University College, London. He published his first short story in 1976 and since the early 1980s has worked extensively as a writer, professional historian, reviewer and journalist. His work includes more than 500 articles, academic papers, reviews and over 45 books on topics ranging from travel guides to biography, engineering, military and social history. He is published principally by Penguin and Random House. Wright is perhaps best known for his historical work, which has received academic and popular recognition. His book ‘Hawke’s Bay – The History of a Province’ (Dunmore 1994) won a J M Sherrard Award in local and regional history in 1996., I followed the storm east on I-80, stopping at the Gibbon, Shelton, and Wood River exits. Most of the following photos were taken from the Gibbon exit, with a few of the later shot from the Shelton exit (or somewhere near it.) I kept running into the Discovery Channel guys; they're all over the place this year., Read, Read, Read. Read and study as many books as you can. The road to publication is paved with rejection, so be strong and be patient. And become a member of SCBWI (www.scbwi.org) if you write for children., … and it didn’t cost me a dime. – Johnny Cash, Is life getting faster a phenomenon of aging or is life really getting faster? Does having instant information, instant communication, instant purchasing power and on the list goes make it feel like life is going faster, or is it just that the shadow of life behind me is so much longer now than what lies ahead? Not all of my friends are my age. Some are considerably younger, yet I hear from everyone how fast it all seems to be going., Interviewer: We are not here to pass judgment on Sheik Al-Qaradhawi or anyone else., Sorry for the delay in getting my High Point posts up. The good news is that I returned from North Carolina to a whirlwind of new projects . . . but - I've got a few more posts up my sleeve. So - check back later in the week . . ., There was so much more, but those were some of the highlights. I have to say though, that the best part of the conference was being able to share and discuss new learning with my colleagues. We never have enough time for this!, I wake in the middle of the night to the yowling. If you’ve ever heard a cat in heat, you have the beginnings of knowing this sound. Remember that sound, the one of the cat in heat. Now imagine it is plaintive instead of urgent, sad instead of excited, emerging from the soul of the cat, instead of its sex. Now you know the sound of “yowling” and how it can wake you in the middle of the night, full of fright. I call to my cat. Make the clicking sounds with my tongue against the soft palate to gain her attention then call her name. “here, Sally Brown.” I hear the pitter pat and click-clack of paws and claws against the linoleum floor. There is a pause as the sound reaches the edge of my bed, and then I feel the tell-tale landing on the mattress besides my head. I reach out for her, to stroke her, to calm her night terrors, but my hand doesn’t meet her warm soft fur. It passes through a freezing cold bubble and my body becomes paralyzed. She is not there. She died, a few days ago and now that I’ve buried her, she only comes out at night. I feel her climb up onto my chest like she used to and lay down, her whiskers barely touching my face and remember, cats can steal your breath. If that is the case, Can a ghost cat steal your soul?, Shoes: Payless, Ms. Hepinstall's novel is wrought full of colorful characters and complex circumstances that build to tell an explosive story. This novel is a real page turner with unexpected twists around every corner and a surprising but satisfying ending. This would be an excellent choice for your book club , especially for all you history buffs. This novel would invoke lively conversation and thoughtful speculation about what defines "crazy". The author's website has a few suggestions and I know some of you book club gals could have fun with this., 1 begets, (Moving down one spot) Tied for 3.) Song of the South - Despite the controversy and not officially being enjoyed in theaters or on home video/DVD/Blu-ray in the last 20 to 25 years, the Walt Disney Studios once proudly recognized this 1946 classic as one of the crowning jewels in the Walt Disney film crown. Based on the ‘Uncle Remus’ stories by Joel Chandler Harris, Walt Disney had wanted to make a film based on Harris’ work for a long time before finally bring his version to the big screen in the mid-1940's. Set in the post-Civil War South, many took issue with the films portrayal of African-Americans when the film first came out. 25 or so years ago, the Disney Company finally succumbed to the criticism and have not released the film in any home entertainment format in the US or re-released the film in theaters since 1986. They have however released segments from the film on VHS and DVD in various sing-along-song releases and other compilation features, released the more popular songs (Zip-A-Dee-Do-Da, Everybody’s Got a Laughing Place) on compilation CD’s, and based a very popular theme park attraction (Splash Mountain) on the film. Without question, no unreleased Disney film has been more requested then Song of the South, being asked for each and every Disney shareholders meeting of the last several years (with a break to that tradition in 2012), inspiring fan campaigns, and generating tons of chatter on the internet, all in the hope that Disney may finally release this long over due classic to DVD and/ or Blu-ray., Honestly, I couldn’t tell you what Mr. Seau spoke about at the mall other than the usual message for teens to stay in school and stay away from drugs and gangs. It was pretty run of the mill, but the fact that he sat down in small room with about 8 teenagers before hand and looked us all in the eyes as we tried to scribble notes has stuck with me. It seems to me that there aren’t a lot of athletes who would take the time out of their Saturday to do that. The one thing I do remember him saying was “I never make excuses because excuses mean I failed to do my job.” It’s just one of those quotes that has stuck with me all of these years later and that quote (along with his 1990 Score rookie card that he autographed for me) is what I’ll remember him most for. Keep in mind that in ’92 or ’93, Junior had only been with the Chargers for 2 or 3 seasons and was still very young., P.S. I'll be back to Twitter-ing soon too! :), What a great event. We are so proud of what we were able to accomplish with the help of the best family and friends in the world! The Katie Starr Team will top $10,000.00 when the tally is done. I just sent the Foundation Fighting Blindness a new batch of checks that were given to me. We have until June to finalize this fiscal year so we will continue to add to our total so that the research for the treatments and a possible cure for Hereditary Retinal Blindness can go on! We will not stop until that happens!, I'm cranky. And crampy., 36. Pixie And Dixie, Craig defends premise (2) with at least four different arguments. Two of which are a priori and based on paradoxes that would arise if the set of past events was actually infinite; and two of which are a posteriori and based on aspects of contemporary physics (namely, Big Bang theory and the second law of thermodynamics). Craig’s defence of this principle is certainly complex and, one has to say, philosophically impressive. Still, there are plenty of replies to his arguments in the philosophical literature some of which are equally impressive (e.g. those found in the work of Graham Oppy or Quentin Smith)., I had been moving forward almost since the first day after the mugging with a few set backs here and there. I can honestly say everyday has been a step forward into a better, happier life. But, it was not easy., I also learnt that I wasn't much of an actor myself. Years later, as a beginner-writer, I came across the bizarre suggestion that you should "cut all adverbs". This is the bastard, tyrannical offspring off a good regime: fiction is built of character-in-action, so keep looking for the perfect verb for that action and don't settle for a bland one spiced up with an adverb. At which point, I had... well, I was going to say a lightbulb moment, but it was more of an olive-oil-and-wick-lamp moment, which sent me back to my undergraduate copy of Aristotle's Poetics:, Pak Lah, you’ve said you’re relinquishing the PMship in two years. If that’s the case, what have you got to lose by fulfilling your promises to the rakyat? If you can’t even do that, why bother waiting two years before throwing in the towel?, Its a nice sunny morning so just perfect for s little jaunt to visit Crafty Urchins, wink,wink :D, As I stopped and collected myself, I felt close to tears. This was my idea. The Mountain climb, the practice walk, the whole shooting match. And here I am, puffed out and wanting to turn back. I really felt as If I couldn’t do it and maybe I should turn back. Instead of re-setting the pace, taking my time, I just felt like I’d let down the group and I wasn’t living up to expectation., Today, I'm talking about Rocking Your Character's World., "The Legislature created the Forensic Science Commission to ensure we have forensic evidence we can trust in our courtrooms --in order to increase public safety and the public faith in justice system," said Senator Ellis. "Unfortunately, since Mr. Bradley has taken the reins, rather than move the commission forward to look into allegations, find the truth, and repair problems in our broken justice system; the Commission has invested most of its time and energy finding ways to avoid looking into problems and looking for loopholes to block the commission from doing what it was created to do.", There’s no doubt that the blip is over and its just a matter of waiting to see if those laidback pundits who claim to have been backing Fergie’s experience all season, despite the Man City hype, will have to eat their words (again) if United slip up. Don’t scoff though, a Manchester derby and another banana skin (I’m looking at you Everton). It can happen., So, when I have managed to find a spare few hours to fully immerse myself in writing, reading and watching, what have I been up to? Brainstorming mostly. Ideas have been coming thick and fast so there has been a lot of planning and drafting going on rather than actually creating, but of course this is a preliminary step in the right direction. Nobody of serious means can just plow straight into creating simply for the sake of creating, because as soon as they do, they will quickly find themselves at the point where their idea has no direction and for their own gratification only. The result of which will be bad writing and a waste of the time I am clawing away to find in the first place., My mother's chicken noodle soup, The pattern was fairly simple to follow, starting with 3 bead in the centre of the elastic then a fourth bead threaded on with the ends of the elastic crossing over through the bead, when you pulled the bead down to meet the first three the pattern began to show immediately. 2 more beads one on each end of the thread, another cross over bead and repeat until you have a strip of beading long enough to go around you wrist. The first layer was then complete., Thumper: It is not fear that stops me, it is the presence of the predator. There is a difference. It is important for me to stop long enough to recognize what is threatening and then to move on once I know what it is and the threat is gone. You need to look at what scares you. You have to be still to do this. If you are running you will not know what you are truly running from. And then you need to go back to enjoying the splendor of all things beautiful that surround you., Nick is the easy one (in this instance….typically he is far more complicated). He is an Honor Caddy at the Winsome Golf Course, so he spends 5-6 days a week caddying (this is his fifth summer as “a looper, you know, a caddy” ~ Caddyshack). It’s actually an awesome gig. He’s at the shack by 6:50am, signs in and hopes to get a bag. He usually gets out, and is home by 2pm, most of the time. This is only his second summer driving. Over the previous three years we would drive him to the golf course in the morning, with his bike in tow (one of his friends would always tell me, as I was unloading Nick’s bike from the trunk of our SUV, that Nick could ride his bike to the caddy shack, that I didn’t have to drive him every day. I did, actually, because that is one of the pleasures of being a mom. Sometimes I would bring him lunch too. Scandalous!). After his loop, he would ride his bike the four miles home, almost always stopping at this hamburger joint (where all the caddies hang out) for a hamburger, fries and a chocolate shake. The perfect summer; caddying, golfing, hockey and driving yourself, what else could a boy ask for?, The raw glare softens and clings,, On November 2nd, the voters will go to the polls for a midterm election and the odds are that many Democrats will just stay home while the independents and Republicans will turn out in huge numbers., Now, usually, I’m able to let these things go. But three days later, I was still thinking about the cleaning cloth. I began to imagine what a state-of-the-art lens cleaning cloth to accompany my wondrous binoculars would feel like. The texture would be smooth against my skin, almost tingly, it would likely be a soothing color (perhaps bright red? here at Birds and Words, we find peculiar things soothing), and it would help me identify warblers! Yes, after three days of visualizing this magical cloth, I’d decided that there was a direct correlation between possessing a Zeiss premium lens cleaning cloth and my ability to ID migrating songbirds. I needed the cloth., Deficit good, very very good.Government borrows money, good for the banks that lend it, oils the wheels of capitalism, very very good. Deficit good, debt good. Deficit pays for expenditure. Deficit good. Everyone good good good., But despite this, and some terribly aimed shots from Barcelona, they hung on and claimed the spoils., And now, I’m back and it’s good to be back… Well recently, I just celebrated my sixteenth birthday last March 18. It’s disappointing not to celebrate it here with you. But gladly, I celebrated the day with my loved ones., When approached, Wang said she missed her two daughters, aged 10 and four, very much., By the way, here's the display case inside the Oakland Alcoholic Beverage Control office:, My grandmother was a painter and had many art books which are now at my family home. As I flipped through some books I came across a Picasso poster, neatly folded into fours, that was between the pages. I opened it up to find the poster below; a 1970 art exhibition poster with the name Mourlot printed at the bottom., 7 Pot White 0/2, Scooter riding!...., The book’s plot and “giant twist” was so obvious that I wanted to strangle, the author for thinking that her readers would be too stupid to see it. Estep’s dazzling writing, fantastic characters, cool world, and the allure of the “magical school” helped to appease me. This series has room to grow, places to explore. In the end this wasn’t what I was expecting from Jennifer Estep, yet it was just what I needed. With ancient gods choosing champions to battle it out and deceit at every corner, it spells wicked fun!, When I walked out of my professor’s office, I felt like I could be a writer. I never once thought any less of myself for the topic I chose. I thought I was following directions for the assignment. He wanted to be shocked., Sprinkle the cheese on top., It’s June next month and you know what that means–it’s back to school! To keep up with the theme, for this month, I’ll be giving away 1 Weekly Organizer!, I am sitting in the comfy chair, reading and hoping to sleep pain free tonight. Good luck with that., No really, it is., 31-33 Cleric, Cloistered BEST OF DRAGON VOLUME IV, I hope my 30's will enlighten me more and give me more wisdom and strength to get through these new situations that will arise so that I don’t have to look back and think what if...?, State: Mouth a little dry, hot as ballz outside, Autograph session set up (adults), I don't know that I ever heard a response to the question until one day an older kid, Andre, who had returned drugged and damaged from Vietnam answered "Long and loose and full of juice.", In males, the same basic gonadal tissue and other related structures differentiate and migrate, but now form the testes that descend into scrotal sacs, interconnected with the vas deferens, related glands, and a urethra encased in a penis. Like an orchestra playing one of Beethoven’s great symphonies, numerous genes, hormones, myriads of cells and tissues, all need to come together in the proper amount, sequence and timing, or the outcome may leave much to be desired, or at least, contemplated. The wonder is not that it sometimes does not emerge in reproductively fertile form; the true marvel is that it usually does., The main thing she remembered from that night (besides seeing Jude nude, of course) was watching Daniel turn back into a human. Watch him being healed from being stabbed in the heart. By Grace., I know what i want. I know what i’m fighting for, everyday., Also, we’d run out of Tunnock’s Caramel logs. Disaster!, I'm 53. I'm not exactly a spring chicken anymore. So if things are going to change, I think I'm probably the only one who can make them change, at least for me., It was such a nice weekend! Starting the weekend, we had pretty much no plans, but we kept busy the entire time., Hey, in case anybody got the wrong idea about my post HERE, The first picture is a screen shot of my latest visit from the feds and then there's the III Percent graphic below it with the words Go Get Fucked above it., Apparent Attenuation: 77%, Me: what’s the matter why aren’t you eating, On to week 1, day 2…, People everywhere were gathering; all walking towards the signs that promised “free food”, and following the arrows pointing them towards the waiting lines. We followed along with the crowd, as the guideline rails that had quickly been put in place, Facing New Dangers, Belloc remarks, in an essay entitled, "On New Years and New Moons," (The Silence of the Sea), that many different kinds of New Year's celebrations and datings can be found. Once the New Year began on "Lady's Day," March 25th. The Hebrews and the Chinese have differing dates for the New Year. Then there is the calculations that changed things a bit with establishment of the Julian and Gregorian Calendars., A symbol of altruism, I thought that this quote was just PERFECT, so I made it into a WordArt for you all! Hope you like it :) Click on the links below to go to my accounts to download the PNG file, and leave some love if you like my work. thanks!, If you're guarding a predominantly English-speaking compound, in a city the Lonely Planet describes as "the most dangerous city in the world outside a war zone" you'd source staff that can be (mostly) understood by the occupants., Pink Paislee Nantucket Collection (1 sheet each), This is a great dish for brunch or lunch dish for a lazy Sunday. Serve with tomato soup if it’s hot outside – gazpacho if it’s cold – and enjoy!, “Better.”, I went with my daughter to the later performance. Just prior to their pom-pom performance, was another school that had the ugliest costumes that I have ever seen. They wore blue spaghetti-strap leotards with purple tutus and blue and purple patterned leggings. None of the girls looked attractive in them. They won the category, however. Figures. Our girls did very well except for one girl who hadn’t a clue what she was doing, and it was quite obvious she was lost. It was too bad. The others did quite well. I can’t remember the music they performed to. I think it was Ricky Martin’s Alé Alé Alé. The did a neat thing of passing pom-poms back from one line to another. The choreography was good, too., What I loved:, It involves a realistic touch with the tail fin, a feature that of course is optional, which does give the fly a very nice vibrant movement when retrieved. My intention when I created it was to use it for our coastal run sea trouts here in the baltic sea, but I’s proably a good fry pattern to use for big browns or any salt water fish too., Enter European H&M, which is superior to the U.S. H&M because they carry merchandise that the U.S. doesn’t, like this:, Spotted at Dangerous Minds, where they added the following comment, “It’s difficult to imagine a conversation like this appearing on American television, but that is what YouTube is for, isn’t it?”, This unfortunate renovation project was performed on a house that sold for $1.4 million back in 2004 or 5. The builder/buyer spent hundreds of thousands of dollars building a new septic system and then turned his attention to the house itself. He did an okay job but was hampered by the fact that, despite all his effort, he couldn’t build more than a 3 bedroom septic system and, because the house sits on an acre of land in a two-acre zone, he ran into the Bloomer rule and was forbidden to build a real garage – he ended up with a carport sided with open lattice work. He then compounded his error of buying the place to begin with by pricing his creation at $3.625,000, and it sat., Nowhere in the message did it say how long the test lasted. I couldn't zero out., Yes, this is most interesting part. I learned a lot during this journey., She is so happy feeding the birds in winter!, Pink Tree: For about 3 weeks every year we get to enjoy this beautiful view on two of our backyard trees., B8/38’s Exploration Details 20, Mikkeller Beer Geek Breakfast, In 1996 Danish toy manufacturer Lego filed a Community trade mark application for the shape of its toy brick. OHIM registered the trade mark on 19 October 1999. Two days later Mega Brands, a competitor of Lego, applied to invalidate the trade mark which, it argued, should not have been registered since it was absolutely barred from registration. Among other things, Mega Brands argued that the Lego brick shape consisted exclusively of a shape which was necessary to obtain a technical result (Article 7(1)(e)(ii))., Chickpea + Tomato Salad, Either way tonight could be a crucial night at the top and bottom of the division., even today i can see your neat and tidy apartment in my mind. it was STUNNING in it's cleanliness. there was never a plate in the sink, and all your copper-bottomed revereware was shined to a mirror finish and hung, in order of size, on the wall. your bed was made so tightly you could have bounced a quarter off of it. all this order wasn't a detriment to your entertaining though.......i loved coming over! we had the best time.........you'd cook me a dinner of mac and cheese, a hamburger patty and peas, and then we'd watch t.v. afterwards (a favorite was 'chico and the man'). we'd go to bed and hold hands talking until we fell asleep. you would always rub my head and my back., I am not kidding. Absolute & total silence., Next time you see our East County Firefighters, please salute them and show your support. I promise you, they are worth every penny given with what they have to work with!, And now, more yummy pages to do, because everyone's April challenges are up all over the place. I love the never ending inspiration and creativity :-) Yay to us all, keeping all this positive energy flowing around the world!, 22Cursed is he who has sex relations with his sister, the daughter of his father or of his mother. And let all the people say, So be it., It doesn’t matter who I used to be, Come to learn about educational opportunities in our Nation's service academies! Representatives from every branch of the U.S. military will be available to discuss and answer your questions concerning enrollment, eligibility, and the academic requirements for admission., Party pooper., The range of pens include the everyday 100 series to the more elite 700 series, with product features and pricing advancing as the design increases., Believe it or not, exercise is one of the only thing that makes me feel better. Your mind is part of your body, and so pressing the body into movement helps move the mind out of the darkest places, and pushing your mind into your body which moves into another plane of pleasure and pain. There is no space for depression in the body. If you're dealing with depression and haven't tried exercising, please try it, just for a week., But if your taste is for outrageous flamboyance and vulgar display, the Gaultier is the designer for you. The show is packaged beautifully with unique mannequins that almost look like real people. The walls are painted black, the lighting is dim and there is some sort of music in the catwalk display. I didn't stay long because I preferred the beauty of the park and the fresh air to this, yet another, tribute to clothes that few of us can afford, much less wear., On May 1st of 1886, the Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions passed a resolution in Chicago stating that “eight hours shall constitute a legal day’s labour from and after May 1, 1886, and that we recommend to labour organizations throughout this jurisdiction that they so direct their laws as to conform to this resolution by the time named.”, You love to open and close drawers and cabinets. One of your favorite things to do is to open the cabinet where we keep tupperware in the kitchen and the cabinet where we keep extra diapers and wipes in your room and take everything out. Sometimes, you’ll even put it all back away for us. You love to do that same thing with your baskets of toys. You’ll take everything out and put them all back in again., who lost you, She then tells me that she is going to try and pick a shift up on Wednesday because it is rib night and also a hockey night., italian cream soda, no breve, But as George Lois, an early DDB art director (and an advertising legend in his own right) tells Imseng, “the seed for the Creative Revolution was planted” at that agency when Bernbach met graphic designer Paul Rand. Working closely with Rand, a brilliant conceptual artist, spurred Bernbach’s passion to break out of the typical ad agency structure of the time. Instead of the copywriter conceptualizing the ad alone and then handing off the copy to a commercial artist to be laid out, Bernbach realized the creative process could be much stronger if the writer and artist actually worked together, sharing ideas and feeding off each other’s inspirations., I thank you for this day, and I pray for it to be a good day at work for Christi and for me. I pray for Christ’s “thing” this morning. Give her confidence and success, and let her know that you are right beside her at all times. I pray that she will be able to go through her day looking to you. I pray that Stephanie will feel better, as her throat has been bothering her some., If an urban renaissace can happen in the once violent stupid decaying shit hole that was New York City, it’s not impossible to think something similar could happen in the currently violent stupid decaying shit hole that is Detroit., Did I mention that there was a Cooper's Hawk sitting on the birdbath the other day? He was just hanging out, freaking out all the little birds and squirrels while having a through the window staring contest with Busby the cat., 312 Archway Road, first and then switched to a spatula., Remember this is a living document. I will update this post, and let you know via blog post when I do., Seriously? What?, Anyway, my offerings today are two more cards for a few more challenges. My first card is another Humphrey’s Corner card and I absolutely love this image…so adorable! Think he is my fave (excluding the Christmas ones of course ;) ) I would like to enter this into the I Love Promarkers challenge this week which is ‘Springtime’. The Promarkers I have used are ice grey 1, cool grey 2, pear green and buttercup., The next door is black. I won’t even try those. Something feels wrong about them, unwelcoming. The next door is very ornate. Skeleton key. I have five of those. One fits the lock, but does not turn. Disappointment settles in despite my best intentions. I move on., I haven't been very good so far about replying to my comments. And I haven't put up a blog roll or fleshed it out in any way. It's a new room with a fresh coat of paint and lots of windows and I have a table and a chair there, pen and paper, cup of coffee, and space enough. Would you come to visit? Perhaps I'll even make pie., AUG. Or we rightly compare the dropsical man to a covetous rich man. For as the former, the more he increases in unnatural moisture the greater his thirst; so also the other, the more abundant his riches, which he does not employ well, the more ardently he desires them., Which then becomes a vicious circle--because when you try to argue with someone who is accusing you of being defensive, you just end up sounding more and more defensive. And I haven't yet figured out how to get out of the "you sound so defensive" accusation without shutting down completely., as e’er beneath a waning moon was haunted, you'll be washing and touching up those walls frequently., Pack duties and a boyfriend keep Claire from spending as much time with Emily and a new girl, Amy, begins to take Claire’s place in Emily’s life. Constantly lying to her friends begins to take its toll on Claire as do tension in her relationship with Matthew. Claire’s life as a werewolf is far from perfect, too. She has trouble learning skills that are essential to a fully functional wolf, does not see eye-to-eye with her mother on certain subjects, and has tenuous connections with some of the pack who do not seem to approve of her., Mega Millions Mojo, PART 3: FOCUS YOUR COMMUNICATION ON CHANGING BEHAVIOUR, NOT JUST CHANGING ATTITUDE., feb..a day out somewhere with raldiss and charlie, There was a bit of a personal connection for me, at least an indirect one, in that a friend of ours' brother used to work for Mr. Sendak, and did the design and production for the Sendak exhibit in San Francisco's Sony Metreon. We got to hear some firsthand stories about Mr. Sendak, who seemed like quite a character. May he continue to live on in his books., This was not really my week... Next week can only be better with lots of things to share with you., A discerning view., Any blogosphere fans going to the 2012 Calgary Expo? This year’s Comicon features the entire Star Trek: The Next Generation principle cast reuniting for the very first time since the TV series went off the air. Also, many celebrities will be coming: legendary comic artist Stan Lee, the original Batman Adam West, Fringe’s Dr. Bishop & Astrid, Nightmare on Elm Street’s Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund), Amanda Tapping from Stargate: SG-1, Hayden Panettiere from Heroes, Lance Henriksen (from Millennium & Aliens – he was awesome in Aliens), the Battlestar Galactica actors Captain Kara Thrace / Starbuck, Chief Galen Tyrol and Tom Zarek (who was also Cpt. Apollo of the original B.G.)., I am going upstairs now to fill Andrew and Rhiannon's stockings... one of those things that hasn't changed yet., At the vestiaire and we had to leave all personal belongings -- including, of course, cell phones and cameras. Damn - no photo ops to be had! Then a security guard scanned us one by one with a metal detector before we were allowed down the stairs to the set., Looked good on the outside and from the website, but almost as soon as I entered the front doors, I wanted to bolt. It was unorganized, appeared to be understaffed (and the staff that were there were just sort of standing around watching the kids, not engaging at all), and OMG it was utter fucking chaos. My tour guide didn't know the answers to half of the questions I was asking, and the whole place just reminded me of "Lord of the Flies". There were about 100 kiddos just going nuts all over the place. Seriously. I kept looking for the kid holding the conch. When I finally got the helloutta there, I had a horrible sick feeling, like I'd been kicked in the gut. I was terrified that the next tour would yield the same results, and then we'd be screwed., and for one of the, Many of my forbearers on the distaff side would have swelled with tribal pride at the thought of Ireland as the Promised Land, albeit absent the knowledge that American corporations would prostitute her for their tax benefits. Somehow, I doubt that the average citizen of the Ould Sod is benefitting from these tax dodgers anymore than the average citizen of the United States is paying considerably less for the products produced by the tax-avoiding corporations. Senator Coburn, whose ancestors sprang from somewhere in the general vicinity of the Emerald Isle, described himself as “livid” in an interview on Morning Joe, described by Politico:, Mahek: – You might remember it just for those reasons but that place is very close to my heart. This was the place where I had expressed my feelings to someone. And after that, this was the place where I used to spent those lonely mid-nites. You know I still remember that line “I am already taken up”., it? This is such a big year for us, and Spencer turning 30 is a very fun part of that. We joke about what an old man he is now :) But really, the hard thing for us to believe is that in the same amount of time that has lapsed from the middle of his mission to now (most of which we have been together) is the same amount of time until he is 40!, I think the bad reputation that brussels sprouts have earned is not because of the vegetable at all, it's because of the horrible boil-and-serve way they've been presented to unassuming young children throughout history., I was in an antique shop a few years ago and had a fun, “Walter mitty” type experience. I imagined I found the missing diary written by the childhood best friend of my hero, abe lincoln. then I saw it in my mind as a fun children’s book., Meanwhile, Finch is slowly rebuilding his library hideout while continuing to masquerade as an insurance salesman. His nephew Will comes to him with some more findings and an intriguing keepsake – a champagne cork wrapped in a napkin with the words “Day One. The Machine. 2/24/05” written on it. Will also has a lead, a woman named Alicia Corwin who worked for the White House and now lives in the only place in the U.S. without cell phones or wireless internet. Very strange. Strange enough that Finch does a “force pair” on Will’s cell phone., The inspiration from that first visit still linger. I would have gladly replicate the ginger brulee tart immediately after I got back but the lengthy prep involved would have called for more patience and I just couldn't wait - hence the Passion Fruit Meringue Tart got its showcase first., spatula; electric beaters; clean tea towel, Many PR professionals plan and organize meetings and events for companies or private clients. This larger task involves many smaller duties such as making calls, sending e-mails, signing contracts, etc. for the event. These PR professionals also create and maintain different programs used to develop the image of the client to the public. These types of PR professionals usually work with clients from business, organizations, hospitals, etc. The main responsibility of PR professionals is to be a speaker and representative for their client. In order to do this they write and draft press releases, plan and create press conferences, and ensure that the image portrayed to the public is what the client desires., For this project I needed:, I was desperate for some real-world datasets which we could ground-truth our numerical model against, and so we went looking for a field analogue. We knew that for our modelling approach to work we needed detailed data on deposit geometry, as well as the physical properties of the materials deposited. We knew a good DEM existed of Ngauruhoe, which Gert Lube and Shane Cronin at Massey had collected a year or two before. Most importantly, Ngauruhoe had been picked because it had a number of exceptionally preserved pyroclastic deposits from some small-volume eruptions in the mid 70's., I retained bits of Beech Haven’s history orated over the years by my great-grandparents, who lived just up the hill. My great-grandmother explained that her father’s discovery of large, flat boulders resting along the creek bottom inspired him to construct stone benches, tables, lantern holders, an outdoor stove and a camelback bridge on the property. He modeled the bridge after one he saw in Japan during a visit there with my great-grandmother. At the age of 16, she had been diagnosed with a terminal “weak heart,” so my great-great-grandfather wanted to show her the world before she died. She lived to be 101., Three horses have already been killed during the filming of HBO’s show Luck. Please voice your outrage at the cruelty and killing of these beautiful animals. If they don’t stop filming, I’m having my HBO taken out – even though I love some of their other shows., An email was sent to the membership list, and the Coney will be informed in case anyone calls there to ask., I'm going to take a bath now and the after that, have some Shocu drink with watching DVD again..., There are several specific things to look for, and to expect, in transgender counseling. A good counselor will know the difference between transgender and gender identity disorder, which seem similar but are very different. In addition, transgender therapy is not meant to cure you, and counselors should not be trying to fix you or pass judgment., Judy and Dick were living in Los Angeles for the, Nicolas Cage/John Travolta (Face/Off), But biologically, the treasure of food consumption causes pleasure also. "Pleasure was designed as the unmistakable signal of success for reaching survival and/or reproductive goals." If we don't eat, we are going to starve and if that happens, we won't be surviving, let alone reproducing., Bill: For sure. For me yeah. Hundred percent…I can say hundred percent yeah. I would love to…, It's really hard not to be judgemental. To not believe that I am doing it the right way and other people aren't quite there yet., My beloved Jesus,, I don't even need to comment here, except to say that maybe this is some German proverb that snuck over the border. Or maybe "on time" is just relative and the point is more to never run? Ever? In your life?, Where I am born is far from where I am living, But this isn’t what new age false prophets feed their lemmings. Instead they advise them to get rid of guilt altogether. Guilt is bad. Forgive yourself and move on. They don’t tell their fold, hey, if you’re feeling guilty, start examining that feeling; have you done to another something that you wouldn’t want done to yourself or that you would tolerate another person doing to your child? Or are you feeling guilty because you were mis-raised by an overbearing berating parent who didn’t love you or show you any warmth or tenderness, but who always seemed to criticize you for everything you did, and so you walk around as an adult with this dark “I’m not good enough” cloud hanging over your head that you interpret as “guilt”? These soft-minded false-gurus don’t offer much real insight or much real wisdom, they just dispense their all-or-nothing nonsense; get rid of guilt, stop feeling guilty and you’ll feel better. So what if you did wrong? So what if you cheated on your spouse because you were ungrateful, so what if you broke up the family and moved 2,000 miles away because you were unhappy and bored and wanted to start over and be true to you? So what? Stop feeling guilty about it; you’re doing the best you know how., Jews May Lie to Non-Jews, Baba Kamma 113a. Jews may use lies ("subterfuges") to circumvent a Gentile., 7) If you enter any of my current giveaways held on my blog, you can get one entry for each contest you enter! Make sure you let me know which ones you entered!, Put the notebook, stamp and ink pad in the box. Place everything in a plastic zipper bag and hide it., What does love look like?, And Dinner of fish from the river, Working collaboratively to release one film is experimental enough, but the self described “6 Leagues” took the experiment even further. Choosing ‘randomness’ as one of the underlying guidelines for each film, at their first meeting they picked a book off “KING - Thing Five” director Caran Hartsfield’s shelf, Toni Morrison’s Song of Solomon, and picked one random line from the book as the basis for their films, interpreted by each filmmakers sensibilities., Then it went on up the river and started walking into the river to feed. It is fun to watch. They don’t dive like a duck but just wade in until they are under water., Love to all,, 2010.09.05 Pakistan Punjab 1 0 An oil rig driver is killed by Islamic snipers., I hope I can convince my dad that I can live by myself, alone, in an apartment so I can finally be free from all your crap. I don't have to show anyone but dad that I can do it alone, that I'm growing up and that I can take care of myself., The bible tells us about men and women who had such dreams… Abraham and Sarah, Joseph, Moses, Ruth, David… men and women who felt this pulse of a deep and powerful purpose and followed it all the way. They were just like us, with kids and jobs and responsibilities, they must have struggled with the irrational sense of just launching out of their comfortable lives to follow this inner cry, this dream they had., This backpack has accompanied me for many years, especially on trips out with my friends and the children., Shag was running around and snapping at a small fly that was dancing through the air., Some clues, as many as you can afford, should not be locked down in a specific place, event or NPC. You should keep them in the back of your mind or on your notes, and place them, during the game, wherever your players will be looking., Then of course we had to observe the chickens. Sometimes you can get more out of just sitting and observing than you can get out of a text book., to go with a CAS look in the end., Norway’s NRK television will broadcast parts of the trial, but is not allowed to show Breivik’s testimony., and he was heard because of his reverent submission.”, I wish somewhere over the rainbow to watch bluebirds fly, DP: Bo Bunny's "Snowfall Collection", In other words, when I was in sixth form (thats seventeen or so, for those of you either not from round these parts or too young to remember what proper school was like), I first got into medieval re enactment. Except really, it was barely re enactment at all in the proper sense of the words, it was all nylon tunics and aluminium swords – we hadn’t even learnt to spell authenticity cos no one had heard of it back then. Being the smart arsed little snot I was (and some would argue still am) I think I was the only one in my group who even treid to use wool (and by wool a mean woolly looking mixed fibres) and I did my best to use something vaguely medieval looking for my embroidery., I love the pop of colour it adds to our bathroom; it makes me smile everytime I walk into the room. And the price just makes it that much sweeter!, Thanks to Just Jo of facebook for pointing this out., I find myself naturally gravitating toward these wonderfully nutritious treats. Any time of day. It feels like I'm on an unplanned spa detox, or something, because I've lost all interest in french style breads & pastries, cheeses, and even wine. (Yes these items are available here in my hotel, at the expat grocery stores, or at specialty stores/cafés). I just have no taste for them. Anyone who knows me well might find that hard to believe, but with so many fruit choices and fruit juices at hand, I tell you it's easy to do., Integrity is key of being happy, it is key to truly belong to somebody and it is key to be satisfied with yourself., I am happy to report, it TOTALLY WORKS., p.s. 3 : Please don't give up because of the current pictures we are showing the world. We are still young and need a perfect timing to get the train back on track. Trust me, the captain will soon lead everyone to a better arena., From a historical perspective, we might think of these transition events as the visible signals emanating from a slower-moving but also much-harder-to-quantify process of political and economic development that includes institutions at the levels of state and society as well as regime. Watching for patterns at this temporal and geographic scale is a bit like watching for climate change. The mechanisms generating the larger pattern are extremely complex and undoubtedly include elements of endogeneity, contagion, threshold effects, and feedback loops, to name just some of the possibilities. This kind of causal complexity makes it very hard to isolate the effects of specific variables, especially when the data we might use to test those relationships are often scarce or unreliable. And yet a pattern emerges. The production of greenhouse gases accelerates, temperatures rise, glaciers retreat, and species disappear., And if not the Kardashians, then whoever the next schmuck on American Idol happens to be. Or Dancing With the Stars. Or whatever "reality" show du jour is "the thing" at the moment., Both the tragedy and the mystique of the Titanic figure strongly in all of our minds, and it is no surprise that they are a looming influence upon The Millionaire’s Special. For in setting it aboard a doomed ship – and no, that is not a spoiler (unless of course, you have not seen either the film directed by James Cameron or the recent television series written by Lord Fellowes; and curiously, I have steadfastly seen neither, so I had no idea that the ship sank) – Gauntlett not only faces a challenge, but has to set one too. The challenge he faces is one of presenting an adventure in which there is an unavoidable deadline, one that neither he (as the author) nor the players (as the protagonists) can avoid. The challenge that he has to set is making the adventure interesting enough to divert the attention of the players away from the impending disaster., So, have you decided yet?? Am I a coo-coo crazy person!? Does it look so home-done and lame that you want to stop following my blog?? OR, if I told you I got it at Urban Outfitters on Clearance, would you think it was a MAJOR score??!!, 1 1/2 c heavy whipping cream, And, people who don't put a picture up.....in some ways I think it's a good tactic, "if you like what you read and your focus isn't on my looks than you are worthy"....but if I'm on the same dating service as you and I contact you for a photo, bet your sweet ass you're going to look at my photo (because I put one up) before you contact me back, right? Crappy double standard., I couldn't believe this was happening after such a great session in the morning. When I got to school, I braced myself for the inevitable - complaints from the teachers. According to the clerk, Alden threw his food on the floor, cried loudly, took all the books from the book shelves and threw them all over the classroom. She said Alden was being 'impossible'. As a mother, it wasn't easy for me to digest all this. Makes one feel like a failure you know., her name it says is Charlotte, We wish to acknowledge that without the work of these incredible filmmakers, and music producers it would not have been possible for Awakening As One to share its message of Peace and Unity with such beauty, heart and soul., The serviced apartment we're living in has an oven!, This card is simple! With only a couple of mats and a Basic Pearl for embellishment, the rest is all stamped. I used a clear block to create the textured background, and my one of my (many!) favourite stamp sets "My Friend". This card was another made in under ten minutes!, I made some Chick Cake Pops., Corona is the highest selling imported beer in Australia – why, I can’t tell you*, it is so thin and pissy that the lemon is the only thing giving it any flavour and it is a bit like Carlton Cold in that it is obviously designed for people who don’t like the taste of beer – it nearly killed me to A) actually buy it and B) pay $3 for it. Can you believe that? Three dollars for Corona!!? Oh, and C) I had to drink it!, - Cookies, I hope that this has enlightened you and put to rest any ideas that half the commuting population of London has fits., Last night's veggies were:, In December, I saw that a St Vincent de Paul was moving into the old World Market location in Western Hills. I’ve shed many a bitter tear that World Market has left Cincinnati, but if the trade off was an enormous thrift store, then I’m over it. I couldn’t wait for its opening this month., What I like about this class (beside the nice professional kitchen and endless great tips on pastry stuff) is the fact that Francois let us do our own creations, he gave basic guidance and he let us “play” with our individual part of pastry making. At the end of the class we were given plastic containers and paper bags to bring our creations home!, I took exception to the early tone being set, one of minor celebration. Considering that he died at a relatively early age, considering that he leaves a wife and four young children, I described it as despicable and distasteful. There are times when political differences are irrelevant. In response I was given a link to another blog and asked, once I read it, if I would feel the same way. This is part of what I read;, One very plausible suggestion, provided by Alex, has struck a chord: "are they elephant garlic?". Considering that elephant garlic is not true garlic but, in fact, a relative of the leek family, it seems that my garlic reverted to its genetic roots., Just my opinion and observation but the hives really seem to pack in the honey around the Small-Hold once the Dutch clover begins blooming. Part of that maybe because they are concentrating on pollen when the dandelions and locust bloom but by May when the clover comes out they have already done their build ups. Whatever the case I need to finish up an inspection or two and get a honey super on Hive 3 this weekend., In the late 18th century, with the fig leaf of religion shriveling, European intellectuals began to wonder aloud - Who are these rude, uncivilized, aliens who call themselves The Jews? Why do they behave as a nation within a nation? Whatever shall we do with them?, On Friday, it was my day off so we celebrated with a lie in. A lie in on a Friday is a luxury as usually my alarm still goes off at 7am so I can get Wee Z ready for nursery. For these days alone, I love the holidays! I went to get my shopping and then Husband took Wee Z and his friend from next door swimming., Current book (1/2 done): Such Friends Are Dangerous by Walter Tyrer, Okay, maybe for that I'd visit., Well that’s it for now!, Love, love is a verb, Chad Troutwine is a decorated entrepreneur, trained attorney, and education pioneer. He is the co- founder and CEO of Veritas Prep, the largest privately-owned GMAT preparation and graduate school admissions consulting company in the world. Chad is also the co- founder of Spectrum Station, one of the Midwest’s largest early childhood education centers. Since 2003, Chad has produced ten feature films starring more than a dozen Academy Award winning actors and directors. He is also the co-founder of Freakonomics Media, a digital partnership with author Stephen Dubner and economist Steven Levitt., Copyright Date: 1996, August, If politicians cannot solve their problems, they have their sultans. I can speak about only Pahang because I know what my brother has done. He’s the people’s ruler. He takes care of everyone, not just the Malays and Tuanku Sultan Ahmad Shah is an approachable person., they would., I’ve spent most of my life trying to be smart. I’ve always felt sort of inadequate or brushed aside by my peers, especially in my early years. Now that I’m an “adult” not much has changed. After attending two colleges, teaching classes, and performing the “duties” of a youth minister, sometimes I still do things for acceptance. We’ve all heard people say things like, “follow God and don’t try to please people.” The truth is that most of us, myself included, don’t care because we want to be respected and valued by people. What I’ve realized recently is that God’s way of doing things is foolish. The way that God saves people is foolish. The reason that God saves people is foolish…to mankind. God doesn’t make sense to us. Even more, He doesn’t have to make sense. He’s God. So while we all spend so much time polishing ourselves for others to see how good of a teacher we are or how well we perform at our tasks, God has a totally different grading scale. Sometimes doing things for God looks stupid to everyone else. Maybe these church growth strategies, ways to increase giving at your church, how to properly disciple people, etc. is complete garbage., Baby pigs. Baby cats. Baby cows. Baby chicks. Baby plants. Everywhere renewal, life just bursting through. It is a time when the farm calls out to me loud... work here, be here, live all this goodness., I had a rough year? By my standards I did, yes. But I wasn’t sold into slave labor. I didn’t watch one of my friends get killed by a pimp. I don’t work all day for a crust of bread, a cup of tea and a beating at the end of it all., Before the terrain, No, the early stars played live. Every night. They learned their craft. They earned their acclaim., We are horrified to learn for example that the National Sports Institute acquired 23 horses totalling RM5.66 million without a Financial Ministry go-ahead., But this time, now that her memory of what had happened back, he stayed., Potential Problems?, The mild tremors earlier this week were only a reminder of the necessity of the Red Cross’ endeavors in preparing for disaster relief and readiness efforts in the Bay Area . We were glad to have a part in the successful event. Thank you to DPEM for having us!, I have a dream that one day all the citizens of earth will have their mobile devices filled to the brim with a generous helping of Retrospace music. Then, and only then, can we achieve world peace., Emily, It has interviews with Zapiro, the pen-name of cartoonist Jonathan Shapiro, and ANC spokesperson Jesse Duarte., The NCAA later said the umpire’s ruling was in error. A substitute could have run the bases and Sara would’ve been awarded a home run., The table settings may look familiar (as in last year), but this year we played dinner a bit more traditional with brined turkey, sauteed beans, scalloped corn, salad, and roasted root veggies. Delish! I think everyone had a great time, I know I did : ), I thought long and hard about the best way to honor my craft in photography. Perhaps a dignified still life with balls of wool sitting in for the fruit. An photo of myself eating shrimp fried rice with knitting needles for chopsticks. The photo of my grandpa laughing and holding up my first dishcloth, which I gave him for Christmas in 1989 (it was full of holes)., Good value for your money!, Earth-little bundles of wood. Rhea said that every home needed their own stash of wood to heat with so we made wood. I originally planned to do a cording of wood section like where wood dries out but she said no...it needed to be made so a small bunch wouldn't be an eyesore in the forest. "It looks like some man made it Honey. Fairies would never be obvious about where they gather their wood." I stand corrected and will do as the expert says, so...it was added to the Lincoln Logs and I made little bunches of wood the fairies can pick up and carry easily. I think of earth as what grows from it but Ben said the wood would be fire....so if you think fire too....well....you've got an extra set of fire! And I'm glad these were interpretations., On some Saturdays, I love to lay around and be lazy. I like to stay in my pjs and not shower or put make up on or do my hair. I get up a minimum of five days a week and do my hour and a half morning routine and I get tired of doing it. So I should be able to take a day off from that and just be myself, yes?, 3rd row: Knit., It’s worth more then minimum wage., When: Students report at 6:30 PM for warm up, Too Much Cloth (“To Part Two”), Add the corn, chipotle peppers, turkey, broth, and tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat to simmer. Simmer for about 10 minutes, or until carrots are tender., from October 1979 to, Til next time, happy stitching, In my own neighborhood, our local high school, stands to gain if some of the engaged parents north of I-20 become stakeholders and advocates for our soon-to-be IB school. I have already predicted that in just a few years, our high school will become a school-of-choice in the community, but our neighbors to the north don’t want to hear it., at the end of the pencil.", Chris Bell - Shem-El-Nesime: An Inspiration In Perfume, Ibrahim Ali will cost you dearly. He’s done a fantastic job of alienating people from your government and BN. You’ve done nothing so far to discourage him. But maybe that was part of the plan. If so, thank you for the frog., Standing re 2(e)(1): Applicant Triumph argued that Opposer does not have standing to bring a mere descriptiveness claim because Opposer did not assert the "right or a potential need to use the word 'Coach' descriptively." The Board, however, ruled that Opposer nonetheless has a real interest in preventing the registration of Triumph's marks, and therefore has standing., The Kindle is a really cool device, and I like how its matte, luminous screen is easy on the eyes for reading, but it really cannot not handle scanned-from-a-book PDFs. I tried for a few days when I briefly owned a Kindle to get it to pull up scanned documents, but it completely failed. There were a couple of types of software that I downloaded and tried converting said PDFs to Kindle's reader format, but it mostly resulted in garbled text, and it could not do anything about the aforementioned scanned documents. For me, that was the deal breaker. Sure, it's about 1/6th the cost of an iPad, but I needed something that could deal with the massive amounts of scanned and photocopied PDFs that are routinely assigned to me, and the Kindle just couldn't cut it in that department., The giant banking corporations have siphoned off so much of the economy under our klept-o-cratic government that their share now threatens to exceed Limbaugh’s weight. The top four banks have assets equal to 52 percent of U.S. gross domestic product. They didn’t siphon off all this wealth by natural selection or free enterprise. They paid off people in government to put the fix in, fashioning legislation that made it inevitable. These banks need to be taken apart, the same way we took apart AT&T almost thirty years ago., i've made a swatch for demonstration, and a very short, under three minute, video to share, My office moved a few meters eastwards today., Kimmy didn't learn to tie her shoes until she was 12. She owns over 15 pairs of Converse shoes, all in different colors. She reads several books at once. She can't grow plants to save her life, she looks at them and they die. She can't have cereal with the milk in it. She drinks her milk on the side. She hardly ever wears matching socks. She owns about 6 umbrellas, purely for the fact that she loves them. She lives in Arizona. It hardly rains there., As freaky as they are, and as huge as they are - I should have taken a reference photo- they're kind of awesome too. That's all you get for now. I've got more photos of 'em I'll put up eventually. Nature Notes, I today salute such courage. I salute such determination.This challenges me. I certainly have returned to my drawing board yet again to make sure my path is clear too and I know without a doubt that I know what I want to do and I have an idea on how to get there., I'm in a bad mood. Boo! Yes, that's me being angry. Cross me at your peril. With such indignation abrew, I thought it best to channel my sucky feelings productively, so I took to reading a more sprightly tome on the life of Diana Vreeland. Damn, that chick was positive. So upbeat was the former fashion colmunist and editor, her "Why Don't You?" column for Harper's Bazaar achieved cult success among the women of great means. Offering outside-the-box lifestyle thinking, the suggestions were both outlandish and seemingly achievable., When I saw this design I immediately thought it would make a gorgeous needlecase. I used pink fabric with sparkles for the inside of the case, added pink ribbons and used iridescent gold trim. Here is a look at the inside:, I searched and searched for the perfect baskets to fit the changing table… There are baskets sold everywhere, but they were either to small or too big…or not tall enough or deep enough. If I found ones that I liked, there wasn’t four identical!! Finally I found these as A.C. Moore. They were a little pricey, but I had to get them… not only were they the perfect size, they matched the color of the nursery chair exactly!, 1 tone, “I can’t tell you, I have to show you.”, I think we could all achieve this enormous potential,, “We have to start allowing our children to be people, we have to listen to them when they tell us that they can do it by themselves. They know what they are capable of, and it is our job to listen., Business people experiment all the time. They usually don’t know what people will value any more than you or I. They are following their hunches, observing and trying things to find something people value., Raffaello, Tiziano, Beato Angelico, Tintoretto, Rubens, Goya, Velazquez, Bosch ..... it was a delight for the eyes and a solace for the soul to see all their masterpieces with my own eyes!, Believe nothing merely because you have been told it. Do not believe what your teacher tells you merely out of respect for the teacher. But whatsoever, after due examination and analysis, you find to be kind, conducive to the good, the benefit, the welfare of all beings — that doctrine believe and cling to, and take it as your guide., And that’s the first half of my grief. *waves a hand* The second half is a spoiler, but those who stick around to read Phantom Pain (second book) will know it when they see it., Here are some bright and colorful collections to liven up your weekend. Holiday gift giving is right around the corner and any of these fantastic items could be perfect for someone on your list., As LibreOffice is approaching its final 3.5.0 release, I’d like to sum up the RTL status for RC1., BUT YOU WOULD BE WRONG., It is no secret how I feel about carbohydrate-rich foods. I feel they are foods of the Lord. Because how could it taste that good and not be holy? It's like wine. Jesus drank it. So should I. It's the holy thing to do., Top: Paper.Doll – Dakota – Wildfire (Culture Shock 2012 Exclusive), Files submitted to Eprint should be in Word, Quark or PDF format. Ideally, if submitting PDF files, they should be in the final trim dimensions of the printed book. Eprint can provide a unique full colour cover if the author has not provided one. Eprint can also provide an author with ISBN allocation, legal deposit, full internal layout, royalty payments, online listing and online database listing, as well as a choice of several bindings;, While raising money for worthy organisations it gives an unsigned band the chance to improve their profile and have our music heard by many people., "Ah, yes. Good shot." What a cute dress. Perfect shape. Great detail. Darling peplum waist that is a little hard to see and a black mesh insert at the neck. Twenty dollars! She can wear it to work! (Yes, she is intelligent and capable, too!), And only 10 months till Christmas .., On reading the situation of the coming US plans for Total Global War, Putin spelt out an alliance to integrate the former Soviet Republics into closer cooperation. He scheduled an emergency trip to China to meet with Hu, and ordered the FSB (Russian Agency) to notify China’s MSS of the arrest and detention of their spy Tun Sheniyun who was captured last year for attempting to steal sensitive information on Russia’s most powerful anti-aircraft system., She pulled out this mornings newspaper from the letterbox and took it into the kitchen. She opened it up and the headline read, “Man hangs self from bridge”. Reduced to tears when she realized it was James.Must have got the idea from the paper he read the other day,she thought to herself., Believe in Jesus and be Saved!!, Internet has been extremely unreliable for a few days now. It seems to be straightening out now., Falconer makes it sound as though someone in government was officially commissioning him to carry out this report. In fact he is a well-known advocate of assisted suicide and attempted unsuccessfully to legalise it in 2009 in an amendment to the Coroners and Justice Bill. His commission is actually a campaign strategy – suggested by Dignity in Dying (formerly the Voluntary Euthanasia Society) and part-financed by one of their patrons, celebrity novelist Terry Pratchett. Furthermore, nine of his twelve hand-picked commission members had previously expressed support for the legalisation of assisted suicide., Jesus paid the price. Turn to Him. Forget the “rules”. haha. I love Jesus., When Terrill and I first got married, I wasn’t sure how many kids I wanted. Right after Jack was born, I wasn’t sure I even wanted the one I had :-) But when Paul was just a couple of weeks old, I knew I wanted at least three. I can remember one night in particular when I had gotten up with him, sitting in one of our red chairs in the living room while I held him. Of course, he was adorable and precious, and right then, I was convinced I wanted another Saxon in our family., May 21- 3rd Saturday of our Lomography sessions. Today was supposed to be what they say our last day on earth or to simplify- “the end of the world”, past 6 o’clock in the afternoon, it is believed that these walls shall shatter and this ground to divide.. I even had my last message posted on my last post in case I wouldn’t make it. And now, I can’t help but burst into laughters (well, not actually) cause it’s already past 6 o’clock and I’m very much alive. I told you, guys!, every fire needs a little bit of help, I love life., Song not only chosen because it matches this post, also because my MM-fanatism has been reanimated by a little birthday gift (thanks for that at this point!)., White is charged in three narcotics conspiracies – involving a total of about 25 kilograms of cocaine and about 22 kilograms of marijuana – as well as three substantive drug possession counts. White is also charged with one count of receiving a bribe. If convicted, White would face a mandatory minimum prison sentence of 10 years and could be sentenced to as much as life in prison., It's a good news/bad news situation for believers in the 2012 Mayan apocalypse. The good news is that the Mayan "Long Count" calendar may not end on Dec. 21, 2012 (and, by extension, the world may not end along with it). The bad news for prophecy believers? If the calendar doesn't end in December 2012, no one knows when it actually will — or if it has already., Molla Space sells a broad range of gift items for men and women, in a wide range or price points and for pretty much every area: Kitchen, personal accessories, work, etc…, A fantastic festival and one I have attended each year since 2003. A great way to induct yourslef into the festival scene or if you want to take your family along. The Kid Zone comes highly recommended by my daughter!, It was time for another challenge at ICR!!! Delayed by a day, 'cuz 16th of July was saved for the ICR MEET!!!! We had fun in tons!!!! All of us.... Gurgaon, Mumbai & Bangalore!!! Peeps who have checked out the snapshots would know.... An awesome Saturday for the crafters... It was full of excitement, anticipation & hope for a better crafty future!!!, Many of us in mid-life find ourselves seeking answers that soothe, enlighten and heal. As as we wake up with quicksand in our bones and our brains feel mushier every day, we ask ourselves: How much play-time do we have left? Has it all been worth it so far? And, what do we do now?, Let’s be clear, guys. Some women don’t wear make-up, yes, but most women know how to wear make-up that makes it look like they don’t have it on and they just happen to have the most even skin in the world ALL. THE. TIME. Right. Just as a heads-up, you should just assume there’s some make-up involved (in your head, of course). No need in calling us out on this trick – after all, we do it for you. Everyone isn’t this bad, but did you see Trina Braxton’s bags under her eyes when she didn’t have any make-up on? EEK., Chopin – Nocturne in E-flat major, op.55 no.2, 3) A desk with a hundred blood-stained staples driven into its service in a seemingly random pattern., If you will continue to do what you've been doing and raise funds for a specific angel, I will faithfully contribute 100% of my profit (from Scentsy) toward that child's adoption fund. And if you do not have a particular child that you're currently promoting I will still donate 100% of my profit to RR., This eventually faded and became a series of photographically realistic images of architectural details. These were presented to me as if I were a camera with a rather close lens, panning or gliding by the surfaces in beautiful slow motion. I saw a very detailed exterior wall with part of a window frame – then a very pretty kitchen wall of tiles – then a porch floor of nice wooden slats – then another section of some other wall or floor and so on., Average Pace: 8:41, Sunday morning, 6:15 am I went down to Hayward Field and lined up with the other 6,000 people who were taking place in the marathon or half-marathon. It was steadily drizzling and about 40o or so outside. There were people from 45 states and 13 different countries at the race. And little local girl Marianne who was going to live up to her last name and be a Walker., Russ said churches will be scrambling to rent hotel space, banquet halls and movie theaters., The Grade 1-listed barn was recently rescued by English Heritage and is run by the Friends of the Great Barn at Harmondsworth who have been looking after the building since 2006. It is open and free to visit throughout this summer on the second and forth Sundays each month 10:00 – 17:00., Each charm should have at least 10 charms/dangles with some type of clasp (TH swivel, lobster etc)., The Betar anthem contained the following verse:, Well, the other night I realized something as I was driving into town after work to visit with him and thinking about all the things that I should be home doing, laundry, studying, defrosting the fridge, sleeping, making my bead soup, ....basically; bettering myself so that I can get out of this god-forsaken wasteland that I work in and open my business. That's when it hit me (out of the blue, like a bucket of water from the sky lol) that I spend A LOT of time on this "relationship" that isn't going anywhere. When I spoke with a friend about it today she seemed as shocked about me realizing it as I did. ...now, what to do... lol ...must be time to move on., I grew up in Somerset, England and got involved in folk music from childhood onwards. I studied painting at art school and then became a full-time musician touring solo around the UK and in Europe and a bit in the USA. After almost 10 years on the road I stopped touring and worked as a community artist combining my visual arts and music interests and working with other people; drama workers, dancers, textile artists, photographers and so on. I also carried on as a solo performer, singing and playing guitar and also playing bass in a couple of blues bands in England until meeting Bára and eventually moving to Iceland in 2004., MORRIS K. Influenza immunization among health care workers. Ohio Nurses Rev 2004; 79: 16, 15., On December 8, 1991, the South African revolutionary Chris Hani stated: "The ANC does not hide its close ties with Cuba which has assisted the ANC and now needs help itself... The ANC has got very strong links with Cuba.", theater. The door opened into a claustrophobic space flooded with, Another new area of research involves the genes that encode the proteins governing circadian rhythms. It is known as of late 2002 that differences among individuals in adaptability to time zone changes are to some extent genetically determined. Targeting the genes that affect this adaptability may yield new treatments for jet lag and other disorders of circadian rhythm., We've seen it hundreds of times. A parent enforces bedtimes, against the obvious will of the child. The days are planned carefully, with enriching activities scheduled out by the minute. Playtime is defined and controlled and scheduled. Many of the things a child does in a day - from when to arise to what to wear to what to eat to who they interact with and what they do - are presented in a tightly bound package that sometimes gives the illusion of free choice, but which in actuality removes almost all aspects of the child's free choice from the equation. Sometimes it looks like this; sometimes it is less severe. And, of course, sometimes it is even more restrictive that I have illustatred here. And if the child goes to school, it is even worse., I can't begin to tell you how much I appreciate the friends I have and all the support they've offered me. And I don't know what I would do without that husband of mine. He has been right there by my side and going above and beyond for my family. He is a treasure. I am so very blessed. So, I'm off to try to bring a little Valentine's Day happiness to my parents. And rumor has it that my Valentine has a special homemade dinner in store for me tonight., Abby opened the kitchen door and stepped inside the noisy room. Best to inform her mother and Barbara first, and proceed from there: thank goodness the two of them stood together at the stove, pulling large covered casseroles from the oven to hand over to their friends. “Mama! Barbara!” she spoke above the chatter. “The bishop’s made a decision!”, 9:22 PM – We return to RAW to the heels firmly in control of the Tag Team contest. The Big Show tweaks his knee outside the ring, and barely beats the count back into the ring. Once inside he is dominated by Del Rio and Rhodes, who both focus on Show’s injured knee. Show escapes a figure four, and gains momentum. Cody attempts to tag in Del Rio, but Alberto wants nothing to do with the big men. Show gets the win after a choke-slam., Before Before:, I added the little banner (Spellbinders Ribbon Banners) which I stamped with the sentiment from Paw Prints with Regal Rose and sponged with T Holtz Worn Lipstic Distress Ink. I wish I had my granddaughter's puppies to show in this bed, but anyway... you get the idea. It's fun to take stamping to a different level sometimes.... and this month's sets were just too perfect not to use on this project! Hope you were inspired in some small way to get stamping and maybe even sewing!, Gaia,s grace, Firstly it attempts to place the blame for drunken behaviour on the first rather than last drink of an evening (god forbid you place it on the actual drunk) and shift it onto supermarkets and away from pubs and bars when all those fighting and puking in the street have clearly being hitting the bars near where the trouble occurred. An attempt to shift responsibility and paint pubs and bars as wholly safe, responsible and controlled environments., ORTM television continues to air documentary programs, nothing at all about current events, and the ORTM’s two radio frequencies have also been broadcasting identical pre-recorded content. It seems that ORTM staff are not present in the studios, or at least not in sufficient numbers to produce and air live programs., And the lights of the Wurlitzer merry-go-round, Press release and media contact list, The reason I’m thinking about how broken I am is because I watched a movie today called “A Walk to Remember.” There’s a teenager in the movie who lives a devout, sincere life. She knows she is loved and is confident in herself in a way that I haven’t been since my very young days, when I was a real toot (in a good way). The character is also confident in God., I found a lakehouse on Lake Freeman that I am hoping to get. I've contacted the owners and am waiting to hear back. I'm already daydreaming of the afternoons with the kids playing in this fenced in yard, the mornings where I take my coffee out to the boathouse to sit by the water, the evenings where we play board games or do fun activities, the baking I can do with the kids. I'm already planning out how we would pack the van- we plan to take the dogs- and what shopping would need to happen and if we should take our bikes and..., However, I will demand, and deserve, your respect back also, for how my family works., I met T later. He asked me how I got on, and then he asked me "did you tell her how very unhappy I am with the lack of progress?", You don’t want people hitting you, do you?, Divorce is hard and people almost always want to blame everyone but themselves….maybe it is time to stop blaming and starting searching deep inside yourself instead., Find the Joy in the Journey, stuffy-head and all!, Do you know Paris Pastry? Or French Madame? With those names, you might think I’ve got a couple other blogs on the side. Or if you know these fabulously inspiring sites, you know Danielle, a lovely woman in the Netherlands who’s just as obsessed with baking and sweets; fashion and design and “all things French” as I am. It made perfect sense to have her wrap up this Blog Tour., 4 oz currants, or failing that, raisins, their own erudite sciences., GARIDES MICROLIMANO 34, 11.The Pillcrushers "Is It True" from Welcome to The World, I hadn't met this man.......... ( Yet ), Hi there! I was away in Florida last week for business and glad to be back home. I had some crafty time this past weekend and got the Sizzix Eclips running., Jimi’s illness forces him to cancel appearances at various concerts and awards shows. In September 2003, MTV gives him a lifetime’s achievement award which he accepts via satellite from his New York home. He appears frail and sick but in good spirits. The crowd of industry insiders, musicians, actors, comedians, and suits, give him a 5-minute standing ovation., We spent so many years looking forward to them being grown up that we didn't appreciate the actual growing up and that, right there is why, IMO parents often make better grandparents., Tuesday en route to Siem Reap (Angkor Wat): Pastor Ivanildo offered people some dried cranberries as he does every time that we're on the bus. As he poured some cranberries into my hand, a red bug started crawling out from among the cranberries and up my arm. A red bug! REALLY?! Had it not crawled up my arm when it did, it would've gone straight into my mouth with the cranberries! In a fit of panic, I squealed like a little girl, and the cranberries and bug went flying out of my hands. Pastor Ivanildo reminded me that people eat those bugs in Cambodia. Yes, but ALIVE?! Unfortunately for everyone else, the reaction was too quick to capture on film. I, for one, am grateful!, I decided to invite myself to crash at The Coach's house so we could talk about our respective long runs - and he has a nice warm fire place and two dogs that I am absolutely in love with. To help me celebrate, he fixed me a tasty rum & Coke .. Captain Morgan's Spiced Rum to be exact. Let's just say I NEVER saw the bottom of the glass. I kept refilling before it could empty. Um... I pretty much sang and danced along with the Smooth Soul infomercial for the entire hour it was on. He and I have watched it before and find it to be so damn funny - and now I just put a new, drunk spin on it. I can't even tell you the last time I drank, so it didn't take long for the songstress to come out. I ended up in full party mode. Surprisingly he is still speaking to me!, I haven’t slept much in days and after all of that excitement I’m not so sure I have faith that I’ll be getting there all that soon either., Inky wishes, Di, I wanted to share how I am starting to organize the math centers I make. I don't make literacy centers because the reading program we use doesn't allow for it. I started doing math centers after winter break and my kids love them and so do I. I bought a BIG container from Joanne's with my teacher discount (love that!) and am using labels/file folders to organize them. Here is what it looks like:, Tear Away Process for etching Precious Metal Clay, Back in the ’80s – when I was told comedy was king – the clubs were full. A lot of people made some good coin and there were tons of clubs. There are more people around, yet the audiences are not there, why? Well, I think there are a number of factors. One, there are a lot of other choices available in terms of entertainment. Therefore a comedy show is competing with bands, movies, etc. Two, the internet – and this is for two reasons, A, that people can find ways to be entertained via the internet, finding things like Between Two Ferns or sites like College Humor or Funny or Die. B, that the internet is allowing people to see comedians they like, to get people interested in the product, not just the category. This means that the days of just showing up to a comedy club and accepting what is offered is no longer good enough. People seek out the comics they want to see. My last show was on Friday, March 9, 2012 – at Second City – about 200+ people got to see some of the best in this country – Fraser Young, Tim Steeves, Ron Sparks and Pete Zedlacher. The show was a fund raiser. Across the city Jo Koy was performing to a much bigger crowd – he’s a good comic, is he Tim – not even close. So, it’s not that there are no audiences – they are much smarter and savvy about whom they want to invest money into see perform., A wide-spread, plentiful denizen of parks and backyards through most of seaside Florida, this types often happens in sets year-round, like the canyon and the Abert’s towhees. The Florida and the identical canyon were formerly conspecific, though they have never been known to overlap in variety, even as vagrants. Polytypic. Duration 9" (23 cm)., Nearby the river were dried up flower beds with signs that promised certain species of, I assume, lovely foliage. I'll definitely be out here again as the weather warms up and things begin to sprout., “He was found guilty of fraud and forgery,” a court official said. The conviction stemmed from a forged letter of credit for over 550 million euros ($729 million) that Psomiadis submitted to regulators in 2009., As a reader, I enjoy sequels. Sometimes a book doesn’t need it, but often times we get involved with the characters, curious about where they’re headed or who they’ll meet along the way. This is where sequels are so great, because we never really have to part with our favorite characters. (Of course, this might lead to severe separation anxiety when it’s over, like me with Harry Potter…) Sequels help us to round out the character’s journey and hopefully give us closure on the story., VESTRI OPTI: You say on your website that international Human Resources is not the same as U.S. Human Resources. It is a “whole other world”. What must companies consider when dealing with the differences in working cultures?, What I like: What sets the Open Doors (OD) catalogue apart is that it’s exclusive to aiding Christian people in difficult circumstances and hence allow the gospel to go forward. So all the gifts are specific to the needs of Chrisitans worldwide who are suffering or under persecution. Gifts like ‘Send two children whose fathers have been martyred to school for a year’ are unique and you can’t really find anything like this in the other catalogues… it’s great that someone is specifically looking out for these needs!, Shake silicon ass., Okay are you all fed up with the hypocrisy in politics? First you hear people like Rick Santorum say President Obama is trying to destroy America. When President Obama tries to encourage people to go to college, Mr. Santorum has the balls to say the President is a snob ( that’s like one 400 pound person saying you are out of shape). Why would someone think a person is a snob when they want others to better themselves? Could it be that Mr. Santorum will have to work harder because he will run into book smart people trying to take whatever job he has? The 1% hates to compete, look at the laws they have passed to make it harder to live the American dream., Airport Services Management, Israeli is destined to die, the only question is when. Only a fascist hyena, or an ignoramus like Clegg, would confuse the people of Israel for the state. The state is a racist, apartheid state. It is destined for the funeral pyre and one can only hope that day comes soon. But like South Africa, the people we hope will devise new structures with which to live in peace and equality., Yes, many people will say that patience is useful in this writing industry and I am one of them. There is always something that will make writers (and others) wait. And it's not easy, but we have to face the existence of nerves and the battle where patience is the weapon., All this has lead me to think about how can I preserve my own kids memories of their childhoods. Over the last week I have started creating personal coffee table books for each of my children. While I have made coffee table books before, I have never made individual ones so the children can take their own books with them when they leave home. I now have the pain staking task of sorting through all my 2008 and 2009 photos to create their books and then I plan to make one book a year for each of them., A recent paper by two economists at the University of Oslo found that 30% of preschool boys with blue eyes were “socially wary,” compared to only 3% of those with brown, green, or grey eyes., Welcome to The Car Spy....This is where we will be posting cars for sale, latest updates, news, opinions, discussions or just about anything interesting related to cars., I have decided that banana bread with chocolate chips would be even more awesome if it could be made into cookies. Therefore I have decided to make those cookies, and so, some time ago, I gave it a try., Oregon doesn’t have sales tax!, "This feels terribly decadent," I said to the Mister., rope faster and faster, I was supposed to meet Mark at the bar at 8:30, but I was about fifteen minutes late (it was totally worth it, but that’ll have to be a different post). As I leaned in to hug him, I could smell the alcohol on his breath. He flagged down the server and ordered another cherry vodka and Red Bull, but the glass was about 3 full of vodka with only a splash of Red Bull. He had about four of these over the course of our date, and he admitted to drinking before coming to the bar too. Normally, that wouldn’t bother me, but he had to have his brother drop him off at the bar. Needless to say, the date was awful., is so much becoming known. The theme of the program was the launch of this year's Ratha Yatra, Festival of the Chariots, on its 40th Anniversary. I spoke from the Gita, verse 1.14 but the star of the show was themaha mantra, the gift of our guru, Srila Prabhupada., - Passion fruit pudding in petite glasses, “We’ll hear a play to-morrow,” says Hamlet to the players. Of course, he’d see the play as well as hear it, but “We’ll see and hear a play tomorrow” is far too clumsy a line for Shakespeare to write, and, given the choice between “see a play” and “hear a play”, Shakespeare opted, rather interestingly, for the latter. If an order of importance is to be established, hearing comes before seeing., One has to wonder why the BWA has chosen to address the situation in this manner. Whatever bad press may be generated by skeptical bloggers--and despite the questions that have been raised about the BWA's structure and operations, I'm not aware that anyone has accused it outright of dishonesty--the kind of publicity created by attempting to silence critics with legal threats is orders of magnitude worse., Finally, I really bonded with that beautiful brown horse. We were friends, whatever her name was that I've now forgotten, and I. I can't wait to try this again!, quickly unleashed his tethers,, When you first called me dada, My nan had mentioned this book for me to suggest for my Book Club. We actually had about 5 picks to choose from for our Feb/March read, but I was lucky enough to have this one win when put to the vote!, Bryan pulled her closer and whispered, “You look lovely tonight, Mara. I’m gonna have a hard time behaving myself and being a gentleman.”, He continues to show me words…though they’re all wrong and he seems to spend more time correcting them than anything else., Method: Heat a fry pan and pour in 2 teaspoons of ghee. When the ghee is hot, add the green-gram dal and fry it in low heat to a light brown color. Remove the dal from heat and add it to 3 cupsful of boiling water in a vessel along with the turmeric powder, one teaspoon oil, onion, garlic, and green chillies. Cover and cook over moderate heat. When the dal is three-fourths boiled, add the vegetables and salt. When the vegebables are tender, add the tamarind extract. Cook for another 10-15 minutes or until the raw taste of tamarind disappears and the sauce is of required thick consistency. Remove from heat and keep it aside. Heat a frying pan and pour in the remaining one teaspoon of oil. When the oil is smoking hot, add in the following order, mustard seeds to splutter, dried red chillies, and the curry leaves. When the curry leaves are fried crisp, pour a spoonful of sauce over it and return it all to the sauce. Remove from the fire and stir in the coconut scrapings. Serve hot or cold as preferred., There you go. Toddler busy bags on the cheap. Never ever get them out unless you are doing school. The rocks and shells were the kids favorite things. I eventually had to make them play with them on the kitchen floor because my vacuum hated them. But, they would ask for me to do school so they could play with them., I love to clean to music! Right now I'm craving beautiful sunny weather and some HEAT! So I've been doing my washing to reggae music. I've put a caribbean sounding playlist on my blog for you to play while you clean., Reading: next on TBR, Ghosts wail to you in the night,, I will mention a few ideas that may trigger your muse: A squeaking door, peeling carrots, internet access frustrations, misplacing your wallet, a power outage, running out of gas, a friend's visit, brewing coffee, going to the grocery store and forgetting to buy one of the things you needed, deciding to part with a pair of shoes you always loved, realizing that you threw away or lost something important to you., We like to help people because are in trouble, they need help very much, so I like to help them, and it’s very kind to help who in trouble., Add heavy cream to obtain the good consistency : not too runny and not too thick., and only a little bit of a sin!, “As a Navy SEAL Astronaut Lawyer, I use the mass market edition of Hard Magic every day.” *, - Continue to participate on the Light Efficient Community Policy committee, Clint's central character, Kowalski, is almost a caricature of a Real American, and Clint is enough of an icon to carry it off. I interpreted the film as a microcosm of today's America, and if this is reading too much into the script then so be it, but the analogy may be a helpful one., Detective Inspector Simon Morton, of Thames Valley Police, said at the time of the arrests: ‘We are working closely with social services to make sure the young girls involved are safe.’, John 11:17-27, 38-44, My kid has worked his butt off for a solid year, we didn't kick up a stink when they wanted us to use their programme, we didn't make a fuss when they failed to give us the programme until January, he has gone from scraping by in Italian last year to successfully completing a prima media entry test this morning (Son of Thor is end of year 4, prima media test is beginning of year 6). Does he get a well earned rest like the other kids at school ? Does he get to immerse himself all day, everyday with other kids now they are free to play "full time" campo estivo in a carefree mode without having to face schooling before and after ?, Finally, take that little piece you cut from the solid piece of fabric earlier (the tutorial image with the numbers on it), and use it to cover the sewn ends. I rolled my ends a little as I was pulling this piece of fabric around them because I felt it would have a better fit around your neck that way and keep the whole thing from being too bulky when you wear it looped around your neck twice., Sadat X – The X Factor, Connecting with other writers is a fantastic way to stay inspired, keep your writing fresh, learn more about writing, and to build your platform. Gone are the days of the reclusive writer, and I say good riddance! It had romantic appeal back when I was a kid, dreaming of hiding out in a cabin, writing away my days with no one to bother me. But as an adult I look back at that fantasy and realize you can’t learn much all hidden away by yourself. And I love to keep learning!, Is everything okay? You sure? I’m just checking, because I’ve been noticing a disheartening trend in a lot of your newest AAA titles. Yeah, yeah…I know you’re really focused on the combat, and that’s nice and all but…what’s happened to platforming in your games? A slew of big titles were just realized that emphasized platforming and environment traversal as major gameplay elements and they…well, fell flat. In fact, I’d go so far as to say that in the attempt to widen the gaming audience, traditional environmental navigation has been all but neutered in today’s AAA blockbuster’s into a boring, tedious mess devoid of challenge or fun., Stuckey's citation of affordable housing again signaled the developer’s new emphasis on providing housing as opposed to jobs, since the job projections have been cut significantly. (Of the projected 6860 apartments, 2250 would be designated as affordable for low-, moderate-, and middle-income people, and subsidized through tax-exempt city and state bonds.), Our English word “love” (noun or verb) has a broad range of meanings, anywhere from strong affection to passion to copulation. It can speak of warm fuzzy feelings or of desire, sexual and otherwise. Love is an ambiguous word and that is what, I suppose, makes the word so appealing and at the same time, so frustrating., He said it would be a great jumping off point for a colour scheme with the pinks and greys. (Sarah thought it was a bit brown so they didn’t go with it.) I chose the fabric because I didn’t want a white or cream background as it would get/look dirty in no time. I also loved the pink, coral and red combo found in the fabric., The bones from the ritual slaughters are stacked in piles to make “bone men”, which are ritually burned on All Souls’ Day. All Souls’ Day is a British religious celebration practiced by members of the Anglican Church on November 2. On this day the church faithful pray for the departed souls of members of their community—in Heptonclough the ritual has special significance because in recent years several children have gone missing, leaving no trace. Are they dead?, the very tiring jumping;, Critics are already congratulating Robertson for his latest release, with many framing it as the perfect group study novel, as well as a valuable addition to any school library. “The book is crammed full of unexpected twists and turns, drama and ultimate fate, making it the perfect reading resource to engage children aged from nine to twelve” adds Robertson., The scene in the bathroom, let me set it for you…., City Managers, the Mayor and other public officials would benefit from being informed through mass notification during heat emergencies. Along with being up to date on your emergency plan, they may wish to visit cooling shelter locations personally to thank staff and to visit with citizens., Hey Jes,, In prep for the Flying Pig I figured y’all would want to know the course for the half marathon. I mean why not!?, The commissioner, who, 2) In a large mixing bowl, mix the white of 8 eggs with 2-3 yolks depending on your preference. I used to leave the yolks totally out, but I've come to learn that there are so many great benefits from them in moderation that now I almost always keep some in when cooking., It has been a beautiful weekend! The sun is out and the weather is nice. I hope the kids are ready to work tomorrow and that the weather keeps them calm!, and removal of miscellaneous brackets and braces., I usually put my Christmas tree up on the day after Thanksgiving. I was a Christmas tree perfectionist. I placed an ornament on the tree, then stood back to see if it looked ok. It took me hours to decorate the tree. I popped popcorn days earlier, because stale popcorn is easier to string. I would sit and string popcorn for a very long time. I also made my own 30 foot garland by cutting strips of material and tying it onto a jute rope. My tree was beautiful if I may say so myself. My children would be home, out of school for a few days over Thanksgiving, so I thought I would start our very own holiday tradition. I believe this began when they were six or seven years old., Inside Style by Annmarie O'Connor - as featured in The Dubliner magazine - September 16th, Today Intellectual Ventures ("IV") enforced its rights and filed patent infringement complaints in the U.S. District Court of Delaware against companies in the software security; dynamic random access memory (DRAM) and Flash memory; and field-programmable gate array (FPGA) industries. "Over the years, Intellectual Ventures has successfully negotiated license agreements with some of the top technology companies in the world. However, some companies have chosen to ignore our requests for good faith negotiations and discussions," stated Melissa A. Finocchio, Chief Litigation Counsel, Intellectual Ventures. "Protecting our invention rights through these actions is the right choice for our investors, inventors and current licensees."Despite the creation of a "Patent Defense Fund" (to protect against patent trolls, don't-you-know) and assurances that IV is "opposed to litigation" (for more on that, see here), IV has decided to launch 3 lawsuits involving over 10 patents in the following industries:, Now, I don't know about that, BUT I do know that showing the love of God is very important in a million ways. I know that prayer works, and I know that I want to live with a child-like faith., Embellishments (Colors/Sizes May Vary Per Kit), What You Can Win:, I watched the two people I had once known as mom and dad come running in with gifts of gold and silver wrapped trinkets spilling forth from their embrace., See China right in front of you, Standards… that are the very least amount that is acceptable…and still retain your job?, 1The LORD is my shepherd; I have everything I need., An essential travel skill, however, is being able to find convenient restroom facilities. This is especially important when exploring unfamiliar locations, being unable to access your current temporary residence (many hostels and inns close during the day), and on road trips., I believe in maintaining a healthy detachment from one's protagonists (main characters in written stories). You don't want to fall into the character too much but you also don't want to fall out of the character too much. You want to be so much a part of the character that you can feel the way he/she breathes, but in that very same heartbeat you want to be able to immediately detach yourself at any given time and say "That's her, this is me" or "That's him, this is me." The easiest way to do that is to use names not too closely associated with yourself but at the same time ones that are meaningful enough to mean something!, According to Sharacholic, Pinterest has sent more referral traffic to websites that Twitter did in February this year., But it came home with The Woodman instead, and now sits on my kitchen bench to help hide the phone cables and other electrical connections., The image was sketched on with chalk and tweaked to my heart's content. It was even easy to wipe off wet and start over in some places., - Sharon Chahale (General Manager, KOPIKEN, Kenya), I made this fabric collage using my Paternal Grandparents' (Peter and Jeannie Maxwell) wedding photo. They were married in Saltcoats, Scotland and immigrated to the USA a few years later. I tried to stay with soft ivory tones to allow the piece to have a vintage feel., TV Ad from 2006…A scientist, after driving his electric/eco friendly go-cart like car to an observatory, looks through his telescope to discover an apocalypse-heralding asteroid tumbling towards the earth. In a heartbeat he is online finding his nearest Hummer dealer, and then off in his go-cart to the dealership…, 3. When gushing “I could never do that” be honest with yourself and the crafter in question, finish the sentence with “because I do not have the patience and I am a abject moron.”, The general premise of the game is to shoot correct sentences with green bullets and incorrect ones with red bullets. If done correctly, they will explode and their grammatical entrails will collect at the bottom. Though shooting them is how you get points, I think trying to get your pile higher and higher is more exciting. If you get one wrong, it marks the falsehood below in the score area and your entire pile falls away. The above image is from the Unclear Pronoun Antecedents level. Though not the most exciting thing I’ve made, I’m hoping it will impress the teacher., * Works on boats, RV’s and trucks (military & industrial applications), The base is 8 1/2 x 11. Folded in half lengthwise and the opposite direction in thirds. You and see where I tore one section, punched a half circle in another, cut a diagonal in the third, folded the forth down and cut a little bit of the fourth to create a pop up on the fold! I am using a pattern from a video done by Terri Sproul a couple of weeks ago. On the inside of the booklet randomly stamp the Nesting Gears (VersaFine Crimson Red). I added a wrap to the final section (9" x 2 1/2")., Super Mario Bros. (SNES), 25. Birdsong - Sebastian Faulks, I hate working out, and, as I just said, I am not nor do I have a desire to be an athlete. But I cannot fully describe the joy that Taekwondo brought to my life. I have noted before, at least to Anthony, that I notice a significant difference in my happiness when I have TKD in my life, versus when I don’t. Yesterday I was feeling utterly shitty, walked home, grabbed workout clothes, walked all the way back to work and practiced my forms, and I felt better., It was a beautiful day. Following a long stretch of cold weather, the clear sunny day of 41F felt deliciously warm. I had been running in Vibram Five Fingers on the treadmill, or in socks, but I decided it was warm enough for a short barefoot run. We have a nice .75 mile rubber track on our base that is black so it soaks up the sun nicely. Being the wimp that I am, it would have been too cold to run far on asphalt or cement, but the rubber track was only cold in a few places where it was shaded or damp. To stay close to the gym and on the rubber track, I ran 2 out and backs for a total of 3 miles. It was utterly fantastic! Feeling the ground under my feet and the sun on my face was like coming out of a dark depression. I didn’t wear sunglasses, just let the beautiful rays stream into my eyes to lift my spirits and buoy my steps. I made sure I didn’t push my speed and stayed at a conversational pace so I was really surprised to find I had averaged 10 minute miles! I was thrilled to know all my gym time has paid off and have not lost too much ground. I felt strong and rested and flew over the ground like I hadn’t missed a day! It was really hard to stop at 3 miles, but I think I would lose my mind if I had to wait months to run again so the fear of reinjury kept me in check. Even worse what that the following day the temps were even warmer, but I knew my foot was not ready for running 2 days in a row and so I forced myself to wait., We recognize the spark that flies, Some years ago, I used to be fairly active on the local amateur dramatics circuit. This all came through one outlet – our local church, where I was one of the pianists in residence. The stuff we did could be divided into two camps: on the one hand, we performed a trilogy of musicals over the course of three years, beginning with Godspell in the millennium year and ending up with Jesus Christ Superstar in 2002, with Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat sandwiched neatly between, usually mounting these big productions in spring and summer. When the weather turned, we would arrange a succession of annual revue and sketch shows at the end of each November, known as Chaotic Chorus., and recently my brother in law just broke his back so he to has had surgery!, It's not exactly news that it's shop 'til you drop on my US journeys, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast (Shimrit), And when it's time, you'll know, There are many inner realms of experience, levels of the astral plane or higher formless realms, each with its own type of world, creature and perception that can be very different. One can move beyond our personal and social conditioned consciousness to the greater consciousness in nature, our broader earth environment, the atmosphere and into the cosmic realms. This is a great adventure but can have its pitfalls or detours as well, just as seeking to climb a high mountain or explore a deep cave has its challenges!, Smell: Kind of a mixture of things since I've been in the kitchen a lot today....sloppy joes, pot of tortellini soup, homemade sauce and meatballs, plus some chocolate trifle (because you can't forget dessert!). Each of these things smell great on their own, but it's an interesting smell when you get them all together! At least dinner's cooked for the next several days!, Locked Out, but with quite the view,, Pale Peach is a brightening peach and Evening Rose is a dusky rose., Now I mentioned earlier that I was amazed at the knowledge these little five year-olds have managed to gain in their short little lives, here's a little example of what I was talking about..., Orbit just premiered the US cover for Red Country, which follows the style of the latest trade paper editions by them seen below. It definitely seems that Orbit is dropping the A from the title so I'm curious if Gollancz will as well. My earlier post reveals a fairly big spoiler for this volume, which is further shown in the cover above for the eagle eyed. Now that I've seen this I'm eager to see what Gollancz has up its sleeve as I've always considered those the definitive editions coverwise., I always thought making a creme brulee was such a big task since I didn't have the fancy schmancy blow torch and such. So I'd given up even thinking about them until a while back we were at a French restaurant and I had the most yummiest and creamiest of creme brulee's. It was so good I decided to tackle the task as soon as possible., About an hour before the chicken was ready, I made the mango coleslaw. I sliced up some green cabbage and shredded some carrots in the food processor. Then I diced a mango and added it to the bowl. I also added a minced jalapeno., Because this opportunity is so terrific and we know your schedules book up so quickly, we are delighted to include this in our Screen-Free Week ideas and inspirations…, And it wasn’t just the acts that were odd last night…, ‘Will they actually talk to you?’ innocent civilians often ask. Simply gaining access to the elites is the most obvious research hurdle—although it is eminently doable., How cool is this?! I mean, to hold so much control, so much power over your life. I understand that crappy things are still going to happen but if we respond instead of react, the results of those crappy things will be completely different. A response is something you think about and then do. A reaction is exactly that – action without premeditation. It’s like a parallel universe. In one, life sucks and so does everything in it. In the other, you never have to have a bad day again. It’s totally our choice!, Once again, not to bore you with details, you can see the pictures below. I used large silver jewelry boxes, but when they arrived in a larger corrugated box, I noticed a few had been crushed in delivery to me. So, to be sure they wouldn’t get crushed by the US Mail after all my work, I tucked the invites into white mailer boxes., Add about 1/3 cup batter for each pancake. Let cook for about 4 minutes on each side. Serve with your favorite topping (mine is maple syrup & peanut butter!). And don’t forget to garnish with some orange zest, it’s worth it, trust me!, But as I was having a lesson, first of all I had to change my shoes. “You have to wear special shoes but that's included in the price,” Richard explained as he kitted me out with a pair of rather fetching red, white and blue lace up shoes. “They're smooth so you can slide into a shot.” I had no idea what he was talking about but it sounded good and I had visions of myself expertly bowling the perfect shot., Barked the greyhound to Shag., When older kids were wondering where they could go to recover from frustration and anger, or to confide in someone, some came here, because I'm that mom (or they just as easily got help from Kirby, Marty or Holly)., I don't want to lose touch entirely, so if you'd like, e-mail me once in a while, and I promise I'll reply. Or, you can find me on Facebook., You just have to look at government websites and check this out., Walt Disney was afraid of mice., KILLING JOKE - MMXII, Beth talked of her brother, and said, “Don’t you have someone we want so much to be in the presence of the King one day? But, they want nothing to do with Jesus at this point.”, With Islam, on the other hand, every single word in the Koran must be believed and acted upon by every Muslim. Every single word came from Allah himself. It is, in effect, Allah speaking to all Muslims. In that strong sense, every Muslim is by definition both a fundamentalist and a literalist. And it is these things alone which utterly distinguish Christians and Christianity from Muslims and Islam., Now forget all the partisan points for a minute. We have more than 200 deaths attributed to this operation and an ATF agent on tape saying she thought the ATF needed to dig up dirt on a U.S. Senator to stop him from investigating the ATF. At some point we all, left, right, and center, need to recognize when the inmates have taken over the asylum., I kissed Rich goodbye, took Michael with me and drove to Kinney's shoes where I was determined to find a pair of shoes. The plan was to meet up at Doris and John's house at 2:00. We were getting married at 3:00 in the judges law office. Just the two of us and our witnesses., Due to better GenBank coverage, the analysis of vertebrate DNA was simpler and less ambiguous than the analysis of the plant origins., God Love You, (1)Knead Part 1 to form a dough called the sponge and let ferment in the bowl for 3-4 hours., In 2007: 18th National Poetry Slam in Austin, Texas:, The right to a balanced and healthful ecology carries with it the correlative duty to refrain from impairing the environment. During the debates on this right in one of the plenary sessions of the 1986 Constitutional Commission, the following exchange transpired between Commissioner Wilfrido Villacorta and Commissioner Adolfo Azcuna who sponsored the section in question:, Walk the path to good health by taking the proper care of your body and it will run as smoothly as any other fine-tuned machine. But you must make sure you fill it with the proper fuel and service it on a regular basis. The proper fuel consist of a daily consumption of healthy food and nutrients., Waiting in line at the Castro theater, I was incorrect., But the book is at its strongest when it takes a second to stop and look at the desolation, although even then it’s only a moment before we see Valerian’s goofy mug as he makes a raft out of an inflatable chair or something. That’s not really a complaint, but I look forward to later books in the series, when the creators may get a little more balanced in their approach. Still, City… definitely delivers that kind of insane, idea-after-idea-thrown-out-in-service-of-action kind of comic (again, we’re thinking Kirby here, Russ Manning too) that made the 60s and early 70s so wonderful., Grinning widely, Ismet proceeded to call out the types of food and the amounts that each household was to receive. We learned that each block had earlier received a list of households and the appropriated rations of several food categories. We were to receive following, which was to last the three of us a month:, Hi everyone! It's been awhile since I posted here due to some unexpected travel, but here's what I've been up to in the crafty Christmas world:, To enter to win, just leave me a comment telling me what you love about Mother's Day., Take my stupid socks off. You’re lucky my mouth is full of apple, otherwise I’d tell you what I really think about all this. My toes are so cute. Don’t fukingtouch them! Hands to yourself., Watch the video again I say Life CHANGING!, I see a clearing up ahead in the forests edge. It's dusk and I hear the roar of an October wind as it hurries the sea over the concrete defensive., LLL: Pee and tea., At CCB we do not pay any monies to the Diocese. Never have. But then, neither do we receive any. We don’t cost the Diocese anything. We are, what you might call, a bargain! I think that’s true for all the Co-Mission churches south of the river. This is a position I’m happy with. I’m convinced that we need to be good stewards of the money that people have given us for the purposes of gospel ministry. Using it to fund heretical churches doesn’t come under that remit. And that seems to be unavoidable in a centralised Diocesan structure. Of course, churches like ours must still be generous and therefore support other ministries. We mustn’t be self serving. And that’s why we’ll give money away to mission partners who share the same gospel and the same gospel priorities. That’s why we’ll help support gospel minsitries in socially deprived places that are unlikely to be able to pay their own way. But that’s impossible to do in a theologically compromised Diocese with centralised decision making. Better (financially) out than in, if we want to be good stewards. That seems to be the way forward at the moment., Paper Lace: K&Co<U+FEFF>, Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has gone, the new has come!, Ivan is an easygoing gorilla. Living at the Exit 8 Big Top Mall and Video Arcade, he has grown accustomed to humans watching him through the glass walls of his domain. He rarely misses his life in the jungle. In fact, he hardly ever thinks about it at all., Today's class:, 01 Maurizio - M6 (Version) (7:23), So our plans have been shelved for the moment - we attempted to do some sewing together yesterday afternoon at her request (boredom had set in I think!) but after about half an hour she had had enough and curled up on the sofa under the blanket watching a DVD., Hunt encourages Michel to “try and find as many legal errors as we can” in OFCOM’s BskyB Takeover Public Interest Implications Report., The events are actually kind of fun, although I believe it won’t last for long. Remember how last year we got all excited about the new book event concept? That concept just pissed me off later on because Nexon overused it. I fear they’ll do the same for this event, which is a board game!, Keeping with philosophy, why not try "Calculating God." It is the story of a paleontologist who is visited by an extraterrestrial. Specifically to gather information about mass extinctions that seem to happen not only here on earth - but across the universe - at the same points in time. The alien assert that "the primary goal of modern science is to discover why God has behaved as he has and to determine his methods." The book is mostly cerebral. But it is also touching. Laugh out loud funny. Character driven. Especially as we read the grappling our paleontologist must do as he deals with his athiest beliefs ("If there was a God, there wouldn't be cancer")., The paper I have no idea were it came from but it went well with the photos. The Kasiercraft letters I inked, then embossed with Opals embossing enamels. It still needed something so I drawed from flowers in pink on them., When I was seven I went to Cyprus on a family holiday. Whilst on this holiday I burnt my face but when the burn was gone I was left with something else., So they are equally anti-"other parts of Italy too," though to a predictable lesser extent. And this is an interesting phenomenon in Italy., spilled from the Little Dipper., 2023.***E-VIII/28/1971. On the irresponsibility of the United States in collaborating with the Greek Colonels. Chicago Sun-Times, August 28, 1971, p. 18; Chicago Today, August 31, 1971, p. 17. (Incorporated in Item B-2, above, p. 229 (1975).), "We are disappointed that the EEOC has issued this determination and strongly disagree with the EEOC's findings," Michael Phelps, Turner Industries' vice president for human resources, said in a written statement., Lilly: Well, I guess so, you're the guy I work for., Accessories: Martha Stewart Butterfly punch, Circle punches, Spellbinders circle and scallop dies, Sewing machine SU, EK, Copic markers, jump ring/links, candy, Michael’s white ribbon, liquid pearls, adhesive pearls, crystal effects, crop-a-dile, corner rounder, You probably think $24 (the renewal fee) will assuage all those terrible feelings. It does go a long way, but if you want to demonstrate true remorse, you should include a US$5 late fee. Only then can real healing begin., The day after Fonti coliced in May he suddenly developed a serious fever, his temperature rising to 41 degrees Celcius or over 105 Fahrenheit. For 4-5 days the vet was there every day to give him Novalgin which caused his temperature to drop for about 8-12 hours before it stared rising again. After a short week of no fever it came back, and we had another 4-5 days of the same. The theory was that this was a virus and not connected to his other health problems., Micaila, her arm around a younger cousin, diagnosed the truck’s problem as a broken axle. Outside the tent, the groom agreed, adding that depending on the angle of impact, the truck’s transmission and drive shaft might also need fixing., Being able to visualise the plan and layout to a visitor was of great importance, <U+F0A7> The weakening and dumbing-down of White Americans will also help the Jews in their ongoing efforts to control and manipulate America’s foreign policy in the area of warmongering for the Jews’ (Israeli’s) purposes and benefit., – Concerns Over Financing Stall Juvenile Justice Reforms in Georgia, They fail to mention: $101.3 Billion bailout money has been laundered thru AIG to pay special interest firms. We are failing to focus on the big picture: Politicians are creating precedent for government confiscations and expansion – all financed with our taxpayer money., Lunch: Chicken Noodle Soap (120 calories), Breyer’s French Vanilla Ice Cream (140 calories), What do I supposed to expect when you guys come back “Home” to the series against the New York Mets? Are you going to forget to pitch with location? Are you going to miss the West Coast and stop hitting home runs for many games down the road because your mom, aunt or cousin is not looking from the stands? Is that what is going on with Heath Bell? Is he missing his family so bad that he has created a complete chaos all over the team? Remember we had to bring players from the minors and send players back to accommodate forBell’s mishaps? Remember Cishek having to come to the rescue and playing and performing like a gold glove veteran? Thank God for that by the way., It's 2012! I thought I would begin the year by sharing a literacy activity I've been using in my class. This activity was really easy to put together and my students really enjoy it., some random photos taken on a day out to Domme and my harvest so far I have grown some delicious melons don't quite know how I have managed it., These mobile islands of ice would be temporarily repurposed, turned into science labs at sea. Researchers would simply ride them till they melted, often quite far south into the waters of the North Atlantic., Iceland's thousand years,, Beets, Ever since a purse like this was featured on the Spellbinders blog (click HERE to see it) I have wanted to try one. I had to come up with my own dimensions by trial and error because I used different dies than the instructions. The paper is from The Paper Studio Uptown Flair stack. I used the three largest sizes of Spellbinders Grand Nestabilities Labels 23 for the base. Since there are three layers, the purse is nice and sturdy. I used Spellbinders Grand Labels 4 for the top., I shall respond, - To have a bloody good party meet up with your friends without having to drive next day or break the bank., “Our God is a little offensive! Most of the people who REALLY liked Him got killed!”, a wing bone., He sees you pick your nose, scold your kids, kiss your husband, cut in line, smell your pits, hug your friend, ..., I continue to believe that people should get paid for their intellectual labor, and I am particularly interested in paying people who aren't otherwise "economically viable" -- that is people who are saying things that won't immediately help someone sell fast food, and therefore won't immediately attract commercial funding., Last week I mostly stayed home, simply because KJ was so sick and the Mr's work schedule kept him away and busy. This tends to lend itself to me not wanting to get out of my pj's. As I was about to head out the door to pick up Ellie from school I decided to do the next best thing to pj's and put on my boyfriend jeans. I have had them so long that the holes naturally occurred., for students covered by a GAIP or SHIP plan. This year’s flu vaccine will, “…I found a picture of you in a book…and you wrote on the back of it…remember?”, He tried and tried again. ‘Please Chunnie… Pick up…’, I left the question unanswered., Once I accumulate enough comments, I'll post a poll that includes the most nominated comparisons and people will get to vote on the all-time biggest bust and improvement in the history of the Donruss base set., 2 – a written constitution approved by the people in which governing powers will be determined., 3. Thus destroying any sense of virtue I might have otherwise relished, and instead leaving me with a crotchety personality and the knowledge of just how petty it is?, Updated: 2011-03-19, A Northern Water Snake up on some branches overhanging the creek. They bite when disturbed, but they're not poisonous., Total cuman ada 6 film di postingan preview kali ini, there’s The Avenger, Men In Black III, Dark Shadows, Moonrise Kingdom, The Dictator, and What To Expect When You’re Expecting., Ann reached for Chris’s hand, and he reached back. Their hands clicked together like puzzle pieces. Donna watched as Chris and Ann walked into another room. She saw no light, but she saw a door close. That was the last she would never see of her husband., Top Moments:, Hope you like it :) I dig this creepy b+w picture of Charlie infront of a mansion. It's a mix between the adams family and eddie munster haha, Dress page The front page of a section, And the back of the box with my personal stamp that I love so much. I always stamp it twice, once on my coloring paper and once on matching Design Paper, this way I can cut out the heart and have everything match... such a perfect finish!! You can buy yours HERE. The box is filled with "framboosjes" traditional Dutch raspberry flavoured candy. Hope she likes them :) and hope you like my project of course!!! On the Whimsy Stamps blog there is more inspiration from the team with the April release. Enjoy!!, “How long will this people provoke me? And how long will it be ere they believe me, for all the signs which I have showed among them? Now in Jerusalem, Israel did not know that God had kept His promise. He had set them aside, but only for a time until the fullness of the Gentiles be come in. (Romans 11:25)., How could things have gone differently? Had I been forced to read and dissect Shakespeare's work, would I have been willing to even try watching the performance? And if I had, would I have enjoyed or appreciated it (the language and tragic intricacy of the story, the tortured character of Hamlet)?, Place macarons into the preheated oven and bake for 15 minutes. Once cooled sandwich the macaron halves together using your favorite filling, I used buttercream flavoured with coconut essence. Why not try lemon or raspberry?, The Incarnation is a difficult doctrine to come to grips with. By the incarnation we’re referring to the event of God becoming a man in the person of Jesus of Nazareth. Part of the reason for this difficulty is because there is a whole bunch of technical terminology that is flung around that needs to be understood. And a lot of these technical terms refer to specific ways of understanding the incarnation that, for one reason or another, don’t express the way the Bible speaks about the person of Jesus., spoke to Al Jazeera about the allegations of murder made against, “So you believe it then, you really believe it all?”, But one brigade early in the forenoon order’d forward to engage the, Filled that empty spot with willing participants., In Philly I was a king. I could freelance all I wanted, I had some low level businesses that kept me out of having to work full time, I had a band, I had girls, I had a truck… Here I have decriminalized pot and sunshine. And South Central., We do not know exactly what the “handicap” is that Paul talks about – most recently researchers have stated that it was probably his physical “disability” due to the struggle, hard travel, beatings, floggings etc. that were part of his everyday living. But we do know that he pleaded with God to remove it three times…and that, every one of those three times, God said “no”. Paul, a bastion for what faith is, did not receive what he was praying for. But then again, neither did Jesus – think back on the Garden of Olives…, The Digital Marketing lecture on a Tuesday night is always very interesting. However, some gloom had to be added to it. I mean, it couldn’t just be 100% edutainment! So, they guy has decided that everybody should do, and present, an eight minute discussion on any topic relating to digital marketing. I had high hopes of dodging that particular task. Bouts of hiding under tables, leaving for a loo break at opportune moments and feigning illness. This last one came in the form of fainting, broken hearts and sanity issues. Now, that bullet has caught up with me, and I have to stand up there and do it. I looked at mentor/ lecturer and tartly said “That was a nasty trick, Andrew!” He laughed. He thought I was joking. Aha, I thought, “we’ll see who has the last laugh.” On consideration of that point I realised I could not, and never could hope to, come away from the task with minimal work and my pride still intact. Hmph., To contact home stylist Julie Cadieux:, What I can’t stand are the more recent spate of post-9/11 covert action novels that sup like mangy puppies at Tom Clancy’s shrivelled tits, with Glenn Beck acting as their Hitler (mental-) Youth version of Oprah. Vince Flynn, Brad Meltzer, Brad Thor (could you get a more white supremacist name than that, incidentally? I read about half of one of his books last year, and it was basically Storm Saxon for MMA hillbillies); all of them inevitably either involving the United States military-industrial complex as the hero or filthy Middle Easterners as the villain, or both., So when it hurts, Thank you so much for coming to visit us! You still have until Friday, April 22, Friday at 11:59PM EST to submit your entries for our Sketch 111., I was really glad to see Apollo Performance have a successful weekend with their Subaru WRX. The last time I saw them run, luck wasn’t on their side and battled through a few issues. This time, the car looked to run real good allowing Clint Boisdeau to run the third fastest Street Class time and win the Street AWD class with an 1:58.412., In the good 'ole days when the economy was free-wheeling and the ad agency was dispensing bi-monthly paychecks into my account, I used to IM free-willy style., Matthew 22:36-40 Master, which is the great commandment in the law? Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets., Thanks for all your sweet words & prayers., And the third one, my daddy's recipe for Sand Crab Chili...don't let the name scare you. There are no sand crabs in the chili...Daddy was from Pensacola, FL and felt it was just a fun name for it!, Mitchell AD, Wurzberger SM. Boxed in? Australia’s plain tobacco packaging initiative and international investment law. Arbitration International 2011;Vol27., I wish to understand the human mind, beginning with our perception of existence. What exactly does it mean to exist? Can something that is only a concept exist, or existence the sole domain of the physical realities of touch, taste, smell, hearing, and sight? Are we simply a happy accident which occurred during the apparently random interplay of atoms, energies, and forces, or is there something more to being?, sweeping away what felt of mace., And of course, there is some kind of guilt attached. While we have been assured that there is a reason that those of us that didn’t get let go…. well… didn’t, it still cuts. And it still is hard to figure out how to deal with the ones who did, whom we like or love, and who are having all of those feelings that I remember from my own layoff situations., Verses I’d read made sense. Jesus said, "I am the Way and the Truth and the Life. No one comes to the Father except through me." (John 14:6), Mazze RI, Fujinaga M, Rice SA, et al. Reproductive and teratogenic effects of nitrous oxide, halothane, isoflurane, and enflurance in Sprague-Dawley rats. Anesthesiology 1986; 64: 339-344., Princess Haiku, 20 Gorilla Meat Cup, Obviously it’s got a bit to do with that there Internet. Growing up, there was only one bookie on the high-street – I remember the dodgy artwork of action scenes from various sports and the angled doorway, which meant I could never see inside when I walked past. My brother went inside to back my 20-1 shot in the Grand National. That was about all the contact I had., Congratulations to all English Democrats candidates and thank you to everyone who voted for our party in yesterday's local elections., 15-If you were any particular geometric shape what would it be?, silken scarves twisting blue as the sea, <U+25CF> candles, In order to make a minor triad you will play the 1st + 3rd + 5th notes of a minor scale., And if you did, and weren't around to watch this team play in 1962, I have a feeling we all got a taste of what those days were like. Back in '62, they played like this all the time. These days, they just play like that occasionally. Tonight, they played like that all night long. So now on the heals of Fred Wilpon's sentiments becoming known to the public, he's made it impossible to view them as lovable losers (as if we ever did) ever. - Not with the dollars dropped into this money pit. These days, instead of rallying behind the Lovable Losers of yore, way before the days when The Saul B. Katz Dilemma regime took over, now we just have a Schmuck and a $h!tte team to laugh at. Even though the situation with the Mets has gotten far from funny., After the Q&A they signed autographs and chatted with the fans, which was nice. I was wearing my Devo t-shirt and it turns out that Steve Bannos is an acquaintance of Mark Mothersbaugh. Cool. Also, Martin Starr didn't know who Devo was and so wrote a note to himself which read "Listen to DEVO". Double cool. Then, weirdly, Sarah Hagan told me that she'd just played a character on Grey's Anatomy named Devo Friedman. Huh., ...and in Scotland, It is intimidating, to say the least, to walk into such a place and feel secure. It would be quite easy to get lost in the crowd. But that’s not what we’re longing for. We want and need a place to serve, and we need acceptance and relationships. The only way any of those things is going to happen is if we step out on a limb., Aside from accessibility, however, there are other attractions to these meets. For starters, they all have relay competition - and I love watching relays! Most meets have the traditional 4x1 and 4x4, but this early part of the season you can find lots of meets that run almost every kind of relay imaginable. Distance runners get to run relays with 4 x 800, distance medleys, and even 4 x 1600. Field event competitors too, with long jump, high jump, shot put, and discus relays (and others) where the marks of four competitors are totaled together to determine a team winner. It all leads to tremendous excitement., The first promotional mailing, as explained in Chapters 2 and 7 of my report, was highly deceptive. The first mailing promised "10,000 new permanent jobs," while other promotional material acknowledged that jobs would also be "retained" (i.e., moved from Manhattan) and, of course, now there's much less office space. The first mailing came from the vague entity "Atlantic Yards," which happened to be located at Forest City Ratner's offices. The developer was not mentioned. And the mailing used a quote attributed to the New York Times ("Almost everything the well-equipped urban paradise must have") that was 1) from the architecture critic and 2) did not include the double disclosure of the critic's and the Times's ties to Ratner. Times Standards Editor Allan Siegal later told project critics that use of the logo was improper., “And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him.”, In 2011, the total number of worldwide social networking accounts, including both consumer and corporate accounts, was nearly 2.4 billion (Facebook alone has an estimated 845 million monthly active users) and this figure (2.4B) is expected to grow to nearly 3.9 billion by year-end 2015. Let’s face it … Social Media is here to stay., 17.EDDIE & THE HOT RODS - Do Anything You Wanna Do, The book is absolutely charming – sorry, I couldn’t resist. Fine’s storytelling is witty, complete with just the right amount of sarcasm and heart. She pulls you in to join her as she deals with friends, apartments, jobs, and rubbing elbows with real, genuine royalty. You laugh with her as she tells stories of society party adventures, such as when she shoves a pirate out a window at a costume party, and sympathize with her as her dreams teeter on the edge of a cliff – let’s just say that it’s hard to immigrate to the UK if you don’t want to have to marry some random guy or your gay friend. And if you’ve ever had crazy roommates, take solace in knowing that yours aren’t as insane as some of the people you read about in this book., Oh well i want to do lots of fun stuff with them,which i need to finish planning,i also got them books to keep their minds working ..........Summer Bridge...........this book is fun to do and comes for different grade levels and helps them review what they learned the past year and also introduces them to the grade they will be entering.They will also be visiting the library weekly and reading as much as possible., Trim: Webster's Pages, Want a box of Hostess HO’s HO’s?, So, on Monday, I really knuckled-down after work and did a record-breaking 2700 words. Then, I had a couple glasses of wine (a writer’s vice if there ever was one), and thought, ‘I’m going to set-up my next scene,’ and got another 450 words done. It was starting to look like something that could be saved!, Enjoy the catalogue and hopefully I might see you in London, if nothing else it is an excellent chance to see some of the gallery artist's best work in the "flesh" and have a chat and possibly a glass of wine. I love doing Art Fairs and am particularly proud of my flipping catalogue!, That being the case, I’m going to offer a strong warning to potential readers: the good in this book is more than matched by the bad. Winter’s Bone is like a dark road full of sharp rocks. You will inevitably cut your feet. And I can’t say with certainty that the destination is worth it., He's very cute., When Jeff wasn’t looking my co-worker and I looked at eachother. We were both thinking the same thing. Poor bastard. We have his stereo., But at the other end there's silence. Nothing. And then she laughs. "Hey sweetie! Sorry, didn't hear a word of that. Robbie grabbed my phone!", I did decide to topstitch the tabs and collar. I'm glad, it really added a finished touch., Orange County, California – Two Brothers Racing has unleashed hidden horsepower and torque in the 2012 Yamaha FZ6R with its V.A.L.E. 4-­-2-­-1 Complete Exhaust System. Simply replacing the restrictive stock exhaust system with this Absolute Top LevelTM full system gave the FZ6R an additional 5.3 horsepower at 9400 RPM and a peak increase of 3.8 horsepower. Additionally the torque has been bumped up 4.2 ft-­-lbs in the midrange, while producing 2.8 ft-­-lbs at the peak of the torque curve., A scrapbooking group I am on has an awesome challenge. Make a Journal Jar., Ignorance masquerading as the intelligentsia is never impressive. Promoting hate for the sake of visitor hits is pathetic., The Dayton Police Department is LOWERING its testing standards for (new) recruits., I reckon it was the former., But then again, we don’t really live.. we exist., What about barriers to entry? A world without visa restrictions would be every traveller’s paradise.The choice to live and work anywhere would be empowering in the true sense. Of course, cities, towns and countrysides would lose some of their distinct character, as is often the case with globalization. We already have ‘Little India’ and ‘China Town’, tucked away sometimes in unexpected corners, of almost every city. It would raise a lot of questions about the political dynamics if there are many expats living in the country. A possible downfall is that under developed countries would become worse off, because most people would move to developed parts of the world, leaving their own countries underpopulated and crowding others. Or maybe it would reduce the differences in development between regions., When you can, please visit the other contributing bloggers to show your appreciation of their endeavours. Due to time zone variations and overcrowded schedules, some contributions are made later than Tuesday/Wednesday., This week Mom's friend had to let her sweet boy Maximus go to the Rainbow Bridge. He started having trouble walking earlier this week and the vet found lesions on his brain. She made the difficult decision to let him go yesterday., Part of the difficulty with Obama’s speech is he, and his team of assistants, is careful to not be caught in an obvious lie. However Obama is an expert at bending the truth and spinning facts in such a way as to achieve his purpose. We live in an age where propaganda is so pervasive it is hardly recognized, and the sheeple often swallow whatever line they are fed. So I will go through his speech point by point., I would very much like to find out more about how EMKK's gouche designs were translated into the large-scale posters by the printers . . . something I'm going to try to research, so if you can help or send me in the right direction, please let me know., transferring Koko’s $3.17 lakh and holding the money in his, Here are ten of my goals that I can share with you all., 2 tablespoons dry milk powder, Hello Guys. Long time no see:), Each time you find yourself uttering the words, “I can’t,” stop, and play make believe with all the trust and belief you enjoyed as a child. Make believe. Ask us for help if you wish. Playing make believe is very powerful if you believe. It can carry you forward to truly listening to the voice within, and learning to feel and love your Soul – the very essence of you., also, The print (All the Circles), Going back to the show, in all that apocalypsey stuff found in Supernatural, there are a LOT of demons, and the Winchester boys (main characters) are busy exorcising them and throwing around holy water left right and center., Another thing I did from the beginning was to log every bite of food that went into my mouth. I am working on that over at My Fitness Pal. It helps that I can access it from my phone. I don't forget things and the numbers are readily available so that I know where I am at any given time. It might help me make better decisions when eating out. I still consider this low carbing but it isn't low enough to be called Atkins I don't think., Troy: Yes, and boys get hooked on pornography easily. Usually, what happens is, a boy finds his dad’s collection of magazines or videos. The problem with guys is that we don’t have to have a lot of product to get hooked on it. We are visual. When we see provocative or sensual images, there is a certain chemical that is released into our minds. Eventually, it takes more and more stimulation to create the secretion of that hormone, so we move on to harder and harder things., Worried- that he might not want anything to do with us., We're moving.. Like, tomorrow..... My mom is a fan of letting us know things at the last moment. There's no excuse either. I don't really have too much stuff. Just craft and music things, so it's not a big deal. It's been so busy, I haven't been reading blogs, and probably won't be posting for a while, we shall see., RELDATE… : Apr-21-2012, Obviously, she never forgot. She had been brought up to be ashamed of her missing hand. She never told my father about his relative’s comment. She lived until she was 86., Ps. Sophie's coming back in a week! I haven't seen her like at all this summer. miss u!, During the winter months I use thinly sliced carrots instead of the zucchini. Even with the ginger and garlic, the flavors in this easy side dish are subtle enough to compliment all manner of main courses; pasta, burgers, chicken, steaks, etc. It is also not a "saucy" stir fry - it is kept simple because it is intended to be an accompaniment to a main course. In the picture above, Ginger Veggie Stir Fry was fantastic along with some spicy Asian noodles. However, by simply adding some cooked chickpeas during the steaming, or topping it with chopped peanuts, and serving the lot over cooked brown rice, this versatile side dish can easily be transformed into a great one bowl main course to serve four to five., If you are only worried about not making a mistake, then you will communicate nothing, … you have missed the point of making music, which is to make people feel something., The Board pointed out that, just because the phrase appears in the Pledge of Allegiance does not make it ineligible for trademark status. But the numerous third-party uses are "strong support for the examining attorney’s position.", I just attended Deanna Adam’s, ” Sixth Annual Women Writers Winter Retreat”. It was in Willoughby, Ohio, a perfect setting. Women of all ages and ability levels attended this retreat (You didn’t have to be Anne Tyler or Alice Hoffman to qualify for this retreat.) Women stayed in a bed and breakfast, and a charming hotel., Card # 1475: Kevin Millwood, 2006 Topps Opening Day Red 126, Texas Rangers (1475/2006), Delighted to see that the Spacehijackers, who painted their armoured car in Police colours to attend the G20 protests last year, are not going to face charges. The CPS appears to have used the common sense test… “, Just when we had them pegged as enigmatic figures from Iceland who crafted moody, atmospheric epics, Sigur Rós came out with “Gobbledigook” off of this year’s "Med Sud I Eyrum Vid Spilum Endalaust" (translated as With a Buzz in Our Ears We Play Endlessly), a buoyant number that employed manically strummed acoustic guitars, stomping percussion, and clipped chants that threw us for a loop. It, and the album on the whole, sounded like four guys joyously playing music together instead of mysterious elfin creatures who delivered it from on high. Whether carrying us into the heavens on the back of a titanic opus or keeping us tethered to the ground with more organic and intimate fare, Sigur Rós continues to coax the breath from our lungs while keeping our jaws on the floor., PUCV makes it quite easy to drop courses yet almost impossible to add them, so while I’m currently only attending four classes, I’m enrolled in somewhere between ten and fifteen. This means that the first week functions as a trial period, and despite their best efforts, professors have a hard time getting much of anything done. Also, for some reason that has yet to be explained, history classes did not meet, and the building itself was closed. In accordance with PUCV’s policy of not providing its students with relevant information, this was not officially announced or confirmed until the end of the week., We meet Nikki who's life has turned upside down with her one wrong choice that left her in the Underworld. Poor Nikki. But as always there's always someone who rubs the salt on the wound. Cole. Don't even get me started on him. As alluring and hot he may be, he just is not worth rambling about. And then there's Jack. The guy that Beck had come back for. For six months. Six months she has to say goodbye properly., We’re moving. So, today I had to call DirectTV to get my feckin’ satellite moved from one part of the state to another part of the state less then an hour away. Apparently, this is so difficult that Wifesy and I would be better off launching ourselves up into the stratosphere, shaking some sense into the satellite itself, and then feckin’ in the sky on the way back down, like the bald eagles do when they make sexy time., My challenge this year is the same as last year, to constantly give up the control I strive so hard to have, and surrender it to God. What a relief!!! Now, if I can just see it that way on a regular basis I think all would be good. This totally applies to my business and how I run my studio. I want to do everything myself and have a very hard time trusting others with my "baby". But thanks to God, I do have help and step one is allowing that help to well......help., This information will be in the FAQs on the new site, but here’s our new strategy in a nutshell:, Dappled in sunshine, words robbed of their meaning, being quaint and all. But it was ever so lovely out today, I could hardly stand it., You know! It being winter & all!, PANDAS TO PANS. An expansion of the definition of Pediatric Acute-onset Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorderr Associated with Streptococcus (PANDAS) is called simply PANS -- Pediatric Acute-onset Neuropsychiatric Syndrome. It involves the sudden onset of OCD symptoms without a known cause. Find out more., Joining these people will be my wife Rene – her Job was just out sourced to India as well. They gave her notice that her position will be terminated come this November. They are sending 35 people from India to train with her and her co-workers over the next few weeks. They will show them how to do their jobs. Rene has already begun hunting for another job. By the way, the 35 people will replace over 100 America workers working for less than 1/10 of what Americans made and their employer will NOT have to pay 401k’s, Medical benefits or workman’s comp and disability claims or premiums., - 3 tbsp chickpea flour, The UK is due to pull out of Afghanistan by the end of 2014, after 13 years of operations., I also made a “coordinating” sign for a display of family wedding pictures (what a fun idea!)…, My co-workers and I sometimes hold organic church conferences throughout the country. These events are designed to do several things. One is to equip believers to be prepared to live “body life”. Another is to connect people together who are like-minded concerning organic church in their geographical area. These events are training and equipping events, they are not meant to be organic church meetings., Store it at room temperature and away from excess heat and moisture (not in the bathroom) in an airtight container. Store Aspirin suppositories in a cool place or in a refrigerator. Throw away any medication that is outdated or no longer needed and any tablets that have a strong vinegar smell., The other day, Ryan left the office door open while he was working on the computer. A few moments later I realized how quiet it was and went to find out what the dogs were up to. We found Dax chewing on a stuffed animal that was within his reach from the office. This stuffed bear came from Aeropostale as one of their "free" gifts for spending so much in one shopping trip. At first, I took it away from him, but then I thought I have no purpose for it. Dax was whining and whining when I took it away so I just gave it back to him. He LOVES LOVES this stuffed bear. To the point where it's kinda ridiculous. He takes it everywhere with him and won't share with Zoey... We've even caught him humping the stupid thing. Dax has a new best friend., ABIB probably wants to do the deal. SABMiller has been investing heavily in Africa and Asia, which are still growing beer markets (and ones where ABIB has not been particularly successful). And let's be honest: this is how Carlos Brito and InBev have worked for years. They are not brewers: they are bankers, and they grow their "breweries" by buying other "breweries," which are just counters, money, and markets to them. It's about money and balance sheets, slashing costs and raising prices. Anyone still shocked by that? God, I hope not., My wife bought me a non-dive watch for father’s day a couple months after I had sold off all of my dive watches. It is not a known name, not automatic, and not expensive, but it is the most valuable watch I have ever owned, because someone I love took the time to go out and pick it out for me. All of the others I chose, they were self-service, and they meant nothing in the grand scheme of things., I liked this issue even though there were some common sense problems. Turnbull had some of the best characterization here that I have ever seen. He's cold, cruel, spineless, evil, and very very easily despised. the common sense problems I had were Jonah being near death and still being able to climb the whip and jump over the wall (unless he was playing possum), and I can't figure out why Jonah even needed to visit the Gov other than to be accused of his murder., This thing “cooks all day while the cook’s away.”, Call us today to begin your Disney Cruise Line reservation!, This layout is a few of the reasons that Sarah and I have been friends for 20-mumble-mumble years., e) ask me. I may take pity on you, especially if you ask me in a funny way., I’ve suffered indignation, abuse, mental and physical, hardship, loss, death, betrayal and absolute isolation., Are you a white shirt wearer? How do you style yours? I'd love to here your ideas and tips!, Veggies and hummus, And chips., I’d use our schools to teach one generation of Americans that our factories and our cars will cause a new Ice Age, and I’d muster a straight face so I could teach the next generation that they’re causing Global Warming., Step 3: stitch around all four sides, I dont think I can learn this lesson though, when I’m having fun or doing some project I believe in, I forget about everything, so at that moment I dont care if my clothes get ruined, if I loose my bag, anything can happen and I just get carried away with the moment like there’s no tomorrow!!, Wonder Under fusible web (1/8 yard), you are off the clock you are heading to bed now, From a man's point of view, or should I say my point of view, boring routine, same thing everyday could be the reason. You get up, you go to work, you come home, you eat, you sleep, you get up, you go to work...blah blah, blah fish paste. You basically live right past each other., What the hell was that? Maybe I missed the part when you said, “Sorry. Nakainom lang.” I can only guess. But what the hell was that? An attempt to flip me over? I didn’t want to take it seriously because I’m afraid I might believe it and give in to what was stagnated for four years. But damn was I so bad that I kept my hopes up – until the next morning., “OH SHIT” and “FUCK ME,” are the two lettered phrases that first came to mind., Aliya Whiteley's novel Mean Mode Median has been reissued by the new electronic publishers, Thirst eDitions, and is currently available from Amazon as a Kindle edition at the promotional price of 77p., Tania Head’s 9/11 story was beyond harrowing. She was in the World Trade Center when the plane dove into the building. Dazed and sickened, she walked down 78 floors with her skin on fire and her right arm dangling. She survived, but her husband died at Ground Zero that day, and the horrific sights she saw on her crawl to safety plunged her into a haunted depression. Only through her involvement as a founding member of the World Trade Center Survivors’ Network did she conquer her grief and trauma., stuff blender to the top with dark greens, Like the flooding Ganges, “Comedy with content”, one supportive friend said; “it’s too intelligent”, said a useful critic. “Gorgeous legs you’ve got”, said a member of the audience, without irony. I need to improve my writing, and so I will devote time to that; and also I want to see some quality comics., His touch was electric., In one corner is an old man, well past the age for the working-men's clothing, he's wearing a cord jacket and a tweed cap. 'A proper old man' I think, as I look across. At first I think he's asleep, then I see him turn the page of the huge large-print book propped up on the table in front of him. I quickly dismiss the unbidden thought and sense of relief that he's neither asleep nor dead. At this time of the day it's hard to think of a worse fate than dying alone and unnoticed in a motorway service station., While they brand this as “Defence” spending, the Australian Defence Force (ADF) has been fighting US wars that have nothing to do with the “defence” of Australia and its people., Let me show you how this thing'll shape up. Shall we?, Thanks to Mulder and Heather for this information, Finally, remember: When we return to our real home, it will be with the “mutual approbation” of those who reign in the “royal courts on high.” There we will find beauty such as mortal “eye hath not seen”; we will hear sounds of surpassing music which mortal “ear hath not heard.” Could such a regal homecoming be possible without the anticipatory arrangements of a Heavenly Mother? Elder Neal A. Maxwell (“The Women of God,” Ensign, May 1978, 10), Happy Birthday Blake! I love you shug, forever and a day!, and, to be okay with who i am in the midst of it. knowing each day brings change and growth of some kind., 4) This is going to bring me some backlash but: should we not give the state the power to sterilize insane women in the hopes that it would stop the Yates’, Sanchez’s and Schlosser’s of the world??, I did a course in October with Astrid Reidel which I mentioned in last weeks blog and made Murrini for the first time. I have not had a chance to experiment with them so this was the week and I am hooked!, Christmas cards and I are not getting along this year. To be quite honest, Christmas has kind of appeared out of thin air this year. No one on the outside would think that. I mean...Our tree is up, the outside is decorated, all of my shopping is done. BUT in reality, the tree and outside lights would not be done if not for the kiddos, daddy and Dada. I lost the stockings, and I have not found them yet. The way it looks, we will be giving stocking stuffers from a Kroger bag!, I just bought some amaryllis bulbs to test-grow and possibly use as my bouquet. Whether they work or not, I plan on creating my bouquet and the floral centerpieces for the reception with my Mom (who has some serious experience with floral arrangements)., Obese men rack up an additional $1,152 a year in medical spending, especially for hospitalizations and prescription drugs, Cawley and Chad Meyerhoefer of Lehigh University reported in January in the Journal of Health Economics. Obese women account for an extra $3,613 a year. Using data from 9,852 men (average BMI: 28) and 13,837 women (average BMI: 27) ages 20 to 64, among whom 28 percent were obese, the researchers found even higher costs among the uninsured: annual medical spending for an obese person was $3,271 compared with $512 for the non-obese., Last night in psychology Peaches was acting odd. Since our falling out (her acting like a spoiled brat and moving out without a thank you or many words spoken between us) we've been cordial to each other. We had two classes together this term and will have two classes together next term. It was awkward to be in the same room with her AND sitting together (creatures of habit) but we made it work. There was always small talk like "how's your hand doing?" (her) and "is your brother still in jail from his DUI?" (me) Last night was different. We were chatting and joking with each other just like we use to. There was even a point where she put her arms on my shoulders and gave me a hug...ODD! We made plans to go out tonight with some people from class and I'm just not sure about it. I want to go out and celebrate that this term is OVER(!) but I don't know if I'm ready to go out with HER. Dirty thinks I should go out and have a good time but just keep in mind that Peaches is Peaches and she'll never change., it worked somehow, But my biggest crisis of confidence is my new story. I've researched it. I've downloaded the trial version of Scrivener (not yet convinced but willing). I've cut out pictures. I've made notes. Have I started writing it? No, of course not. The characters aren't yet real, but they're forming. The place is almost there., Just look at Eva Mendes in this strapless Prada gown. That embellished bodice is just stunning! And I like how the colour of the gown compliments her skin. Surprisingly looks great with the red carpet too. Woah. She's got it right. I'm so glad she didn't wear a neck piece and spoil it or anything. Lovely., dahling and step back,, 5. Groups know how to share. This will include sharing risks, resources and returns., As regular followers of this blog know, I am a long time member of FAG. For those of you who don’t know what FAG is, it is Find a Grave. I am a Find a Grave volunteer. I take pictures of gravestones and post them to the Find a Grave website., Why not a mug chock full of tasty jerky varieties?, 2 (32-ounce) containers chicken broth, In just four and a half days, the team, primarily from Newfoundland, Canada, was able to log more than 370 volunteer hours, collaborating with six different families and ultimately affecting the lives of 27 family members. The group worked side by side with the Habitat’s partner families and several local volunteers to work together for the improvement of the homes and the neighborhood. Their presence will remain in the community since they left a piece of Canada in La Matanza and gave the residents from this informal settlement in the suburbs of Buenos Aires the chance to get to know Newfoundland and make new friends., Yesterday, a little birdie... thanks Les... let me know that there was a May edition of 29 faces happening... this time though it will be 29 Faces in 31 days... I just loved the February challenge... but it was a big commitment to draw and blog everyday... hence the Little Engine quote...lol... but seriously, I would LOVE to try it again... even if all I can manage is just a quick graphite sketch like the one above... so here I go jumping in... I am sure it will be fabulous..., * Strawberry shortcake for dessert tonight. I loved using this particular recipe, Great shall the battle be twixt the forces,, Other sessions, Thanks to everyone who posted or read the blog., King Sieg leek (July?) I know all of these guys are a bit late, but better late than never, plus the whole using up old seed thing., 2. The Town (Narration), Yes ... we are dirty little piggies, I wont post pictures of the other artists sections because it's really not my place to display their art work without permission but I was particularly in love with Reetta's work, she had an Animation Background up and some nice life drawing, Margot had some magnificent textural paintings up. I just adore them! Diane has some phenomenal classic looking paintings with a nice modern twist to them. She's really a magnificent artist! Maria's Work I've always been in love with and I got to see some new pieces from her. Varian Had a neat little sculpture of himself pushing a frame off the wall. It was awesome! I was really impressed with everyone's work., 3.) Alright now comes the rigorous part. After you beans have soaked as long as you can bear it (10-12 hours is usual for me) then you can start you cooking. Drain the beans in a colander than cover them with a few cups of fresh water in a large pot and bring that baby to a boil. Then reduce to simmer and cover, with a little room for steam to escape. (If you get some white foam at first you can skim it off with a spoon, though it won't hurt you.) How long you let it sit and simmer depends on many things: what quantity of beans you are cooking, how long they soaked, what phase the moon is in, and most of all, whether or not you have dinner guests. But I have found that the most common length of time is between 2 and 2 and 1/2 hours for 1 cup beans. You will have to keep adding more water periodically. (But don't add salt until the end!), While some of the residents have been given compensation, it is estimated that a lot more have not received theirs., Wow, I never really thought of it that way. The whole day felt like one long moment. My favorite memory is probably the nice, long squeeze of a hug after the ceremony was over. Because no one was with us and there was no aisle to walk back down, we were able to just stand there together in a tight embrace and soak in the emotion of the day and the gravity of this life-changing event., Bench: Home Goods, recovered with laminated fabric, Apparently criticizing the moral lessons in the Bible is equivalent to insulting Christians—and therefore Savage is bullying Christians!, For my book Sugar Daddy, I chose some Duran Duran, Depeche, as well as modern day hip-hop music because the story features a young gay man looking for the love of an older one., I put this on before church yesterday thinking that I usually don’t wear this shirt because it fits a bit too tight for my liking. As the night went on, all of its other flaws came rushing back to me., Thanks so much for stopping by and leaving a comment.I love to hear from you :) xx, Whilst looking for an image for a friend, I stumbled across a pic of one of my favourite models, Tina., I am done worrying about whether I follow denominational rules. I will follow the precepts laid forth from God’s word and I will live with the power that He has given all believers. I will live in the fullness of what He has put before me and not be afraid of pleasing you or Bob down the street., He's a magic man." yeah ... oh ..., To confer life upon the living: the dead do come!, The bottom line is that no matter how many articles you have published there will always be this special one that makes you feel proud., some of the parts where they were unable to confess their love for one another made me so mad, like it was right there, just say it, but then again it was a movie and you just have to just watch it through and everything will resolve itself later. as for the ending, my sister and i was mad because we wanted a longer one and something more, and now, that’s gonna happen as there will be a sequel to the movie, rumored to be titled First Love: 9 Years After… or something like that, i don’t remember., THIS week we delved into the world of exploration: real and imagined in our new language and literacy unit. We took a closer look at imagined characters, in the book “Toot and Puddle.” This is a cute little story about two pig friends, one who likes to travel and one who likes to stay at home. They both learn things and make different discoveries., The front axle of the 911 has two 60kW electric motors which will drive the axle when a boost is needed. Otherwise, the 911 GT3 will have the usual 4L flat six mounted in the rear of the vehicle in traditional Porsche style. The other modification is for battery storage and braking., “I believe the crowd have been a decisive factor in our performances today. Goodness knows what it will be like in a few months’ time.”, I only used the top die for this banner, but that's one of the things, I scrambled to find one, finally stumbling on one locally a week later., I also purchased some sundry bits that can be used in other properties, flooring, findings and fabric. All I've got to do now is get on with it!, with smooth glide track, Our chase each other madly-chase is fun., 397 tweets, We drive around and drive around looking for this ampitheatre...and I get on my phone and I'm looking for more information., 2) The celebration of Buddha’s birth (observed this year on May 28) is a national holiday throughout Asia, marked by joyous parades, communal meals and other cultural rituals. Combining “foo,” the Chinese word for Buddha, with “umami,” the Japanese word for flavor or taste, Foumami loosely translates to “what Buddha finds to be most delicious.” Chinese folklore says that Buddha was so infatuated with the aromas wafting into the monastery from a nearby village that he jumped over the wall for just one taste of the villagers’ food. At Foumami, the food is supposed to entice diners to experience firsthand why Buddha was compelled to jump over the wall., Media: Promarkers and Flexmarkers on main image; sentiments stamped with distress ink;, I am just loving the vibrant colors in Swirlydoos Retro Tapestry Kit this month. The blues and the yellows are beautiful. The pop of orange is a nice surprise. With my LO "Simplify",, Now, we’re all caught up – whew…it’s looking a little crazy, isn’t it??? Our season is starting out busy, and we’re so ready to start garage sale-ing too – in search of more wonderful finds – because ultimately it’s all about the thrill of the hunt, isn’t it???, My son came home at the beginning of November with his first serious take home project in his academic career. To thoroughly research and display a natural landform., Thailand’s military culture has always allowed for the use of force when opposition calls out, and has been seen multiple times over the past three or four decades with violent crackdowns against its own people during mass demonstrations, whether peaceful or not. If strength and force can be used against their own people, it is not a far cry to pushing out those who may not culturally belong in Thailand; those who create a heavy burden on the country and who originally were meant only to be temporary residents but have now been forced to create permanent settlements. (For more about Thai military crackdowns through an anthropological lens, an excellent book is Funeral Casino: Meditation, Massacre, and Exchange with the Dead in Thailand by Alan Klima)., The visual feel for this one is sort of a blend between traditional comics (reminds me just a little of some of the '90s Sandman art) and a more informal, fun, cartoon-y, funny-papers style. Anyway, it works, and the extra covers and concept art at the end were enjoyable., Outfit 3) Inspired by Women's Health. I was looking through an issue of Women's Health while at the gym before work and I loved this outfit instantly. Then I realized I had the pieces to make this happen without spending a dime!<U+FEFF>, His own that were in the world, loveth them even to the end., Richie gets together with his new crew, informing them that they're only looking to bust big guys, not street level dealers. They ask him about the story of him turning in a million dollars, which he admits. They get ahold of some blue magic and test it, realizing it's twice the strength of normal stuff for half the price., His life changed suddenly in his twelfth summer with the death of his father; overnight all previous plans for his future were rendered null and void. As an underage peer of the realm he became a ward of the Crown and was sent to London to live with the man that was probably the most important figure in England, equal to if not surpassing the brilliant Queen herself, her Principle Secretary, William Cecil, not yet forty, and with some way yet to go before he reached the apex of his career as the Lord Treasurer, a post he would hold for the rest of his long life., It's my day off (one of two each month), could be 90+ degrees today, so I am looking for ways to use my time wisely indoors. (That ought to prove my second grade teacher wrong !!!), The insurance company gave us about $1,100 to replace that tree and since it had been all but destroyed in the Taurocolypse I called around to see about getting a replacement., Showering, Have hatched., A human soul must be respected. These people did not respect the human soul. The man was calm and kept his cool. He refused to be blindfolded, and insisted upon facing death with open eyes. They covered their faces, while his face was not covered. He stood solid as a mountain, and said the two parts of the shahada: “I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His messenger.” “I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His messenger.” He said: “I bear witness that there is no god but Allah,” but they did not let him complete it, and they beheaded him. The man died saying: “There is no god but Allah.” How can anyone curse a man, who says: “There is no god but Allah”? Anybody whose last words are “There is no god but Allah” goes to Paradise., 4 medium-sized strawberries sliced, Really? I think the words cops and cuffs says it all…lol. There is nothing sexier than a man in uniform who can work a pair of cuffs as easily as he can turn the key in a car’s ignition. Those small metal restraints give him some power, and you have to admit your knees wobble a little at the thought…or is it the possibilities?, Many a times I call her for some ailment which bothers me like my Cervical Spondylosis or sluggish GI anything that I am not able to tackle on my own or with medicine and she immediately sends Healing and removes the energy blocks giving me instant relief., It's easy to get pulled down into the darkness, the anger, the fear, the sadness., Countering occurs when the abuser views the recipient as an extension of themselves and denies any viewpoints or feelings which differ from their own., 2 Tbls. chopped Chinese celery leaves, This “organic” continuity can be experienced not only visually, but also with our own body and touch while these forms, guide and funnel the visitor within the space. People will eventually lean against the cashier bench, over the display table and step on the iron floor., Here is another chain e-mail I got called “Apples and Wine”., I haven't let that stop me enjoying myself along the paths Gately has illuminated though: I go to as many of these festivals as I can. The Jack in the Green Festival in Hastings on May Bank Holiday is a marvellous release of pagan lust and joy until about 4pm, when everyone goes back home and puts the kettle on. And I'll soon be writing about various Wassails I went to in January - hundreds of people standing in a muddy farmyard at night in the middle of January, worshipping trees and getting riotously pissed, smack in the middle of the grimmest time of the year - it makes me tear up just thinking about what a wonderful expression of the human spirit this is., I was cleaning out my wallet recently and discovered not one, but TWO Williams Sonoma gift cards. I'm never sure if gift cards in my wallet are used up, or still carry a balance, so I checked on these two and sure enough - they both had a balance! There are two things from W-S that I've had in the back of my mind for... quite some time now. One is their Gold Touch cake pans. I have the muffin tin and my cupcakes/muffins always come out flawless, so I've been wanting to slowly replace my current pans, as they age, with Gold Touch pans., Felix was first called Tom and later renamed Felix., Only two slots left in the break, grab 'em fast!, for immigrants and their descendants who were born of a different skin, The roads, including the Interstate Highway System, that are paid for by people whose gasoline tax payments constitute one HELL of a lot bigger share of their income than yours, not to mention, in many cases, bonds that drivers and non-drivers alike pay for. (Fun fact: Pedestrians and private 4-wheel vehicles a disproportionately high share of the costs connected with road maintenance; 18-wheelers, many of which routinely travel over weight limits, pay a disproportionately LOW share of the costs.), I’ve found some lovely things online this week., This is when I did something very, very bad and ended up in jail. I was thirty nine years old, and at this point, I completely destroyed everything in my life, and I mean everything. I was at the lowest point I had ever been. I even contemplated suicide., Two days after my last bout of major depression my Sunday Class teacher emailed me (completely unaware of my struggles-nice work, God) and invited me to partake in an afternoon of fighting for my spiritual freedom. That certainly sounded like something I needed. I agreed and we set a date, April 29th., Ten-dollar-a-week stenographers take letters from, Drain the broccoli & beans in a colander and then spread them out on a clean tea towel and leave to dry completely., -Tash.x, There are so many poems, plays and novels whose themes are the fleeting nature of youth, beauty or life itself. But not much creative literature about the permanence of art or music or literature itself. And even less about how they struck their first viewers, listeners or readers. I wanted to examine what it would have been like to see David for the first time – or even while it was being made., Well, the truth is...no one is really right or wrong in this situation. Reading is a subjective experience. What may rub one reader the wrong way will totally tickle the fancy of another. This is a NO WIN game. You're never going to be able to please everyone. The only thing you CAN control is satisfying yourself and feeling confident that you've analyzed and broken down each and every comment and taken or discarded all of them in the vein of trying to make your book the best it can be., In 2004 Mercedes Lackey started a new series called the Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms. It's a series of books set in a universe ruled by the Tradition, the force that drives fairy tales. Unlike her Elemental Masters series, which are rather more straight up fairy tale retellings, the stories set in the Five Hundred Kingdoms are very tongue in cheek. Lackey obviously has a lot of fun creating them and shows that humorous writing is a skill she definitely possesses. Where the earlier books mostly concentrated on one particular trope or fairy tale, The Sleeping Beauty, despite the title, is a fun mash-up of several fairy tales. It was quite funny and drew several out-loud chuckles while reading., Specifically Anderson, who has underwhelmed for years in a red shirt and to a lesser extent Ferguson’s go-to ball of stamina Park Ji-Sung. The latter may finally be running out of steam and although it would be curt to pounce on his performance at the Etihad Stadium – the fact that it was his first start in three months suggests others are also querying his worth., There have been examples of foreign managers succeeding with national sides out with their native country., If all else fails – just pretend you don’t have a bottom half – ahhh!, The flashes of color are too scrumptious for me to resist! I can't wait to start working with these, I just hope I can part with them ;), 2 limes, Accordingly, the most profound act of selfless devotion (commonly called love) in relationship to a society gripped by a sociopathic mode of being is creative resistance. Submission is madness. Sanity entails subversion. The heart insists on it; otherwise, life is only a slog to the graveyard; mouth, full of ashes; heart, a receptacle for dust., You can't be forever blessed”, To make the Dark Cacao Chocolate, melt the cacao butter in a medium-sized mixing bowl over a pot filled with warm water. Using a sifter, sift the cacao powder in a small mixing bowl and set aside. Once the cacao butter is melted, mix in the maple syrup, vanilla, cacao powder. Whisk until the overall mixture is a smooth, liquid consistency., I decided I had a pretty strong urge to live and ended up making the BEST BATCH of cinnamon rolls to date…because yeah I kinda rock like that., That changes today. We're doing it for our health, for fun, to spend time together, and because we need a good challenge. All that I ask is that if you see me laying on the ground in a pool of deflated ego, give me some water and slowly back away. 5k here we come!, when I can't walk in them, She spent a good part of an hour drizzling vinegar onto the baking soda, watching the bubbles and seeing what would happen when she mixed different colors. I purposely gave her primary colors to work with. When she declared she was done, I handed her a spoon, poured some of the remaining vinegar into the tub, and let her experiment with stirring and mushing the mixture., Sonic Adventure wasn't perfect but it was far from being a bad Sonic game. Generally viewed as the first of the 3D Sonic titles (Sonic Jam, a compilation Sonic title for the Saturn sported a 3D world that you could move Sonic in), this one still has some of my favorite music from a Sonic game. Since you begin the game in Station Square and make frequent trips here, this is a song that you'll quickly become familiar with. With all the people wandering around, the train that departs to the Mystic Ruins, and be located right on a coast, Station Square is a very hustle and bustle city., I'll provide updates as I receive them., And the latest addition to Calas Roja family is Shadow. She is a CR local who happened to wander into the complex and was immediately adopted by the owners. Shadow has gotten to know everyone’s habit and greets Vic and Vera in the morning at 6 am before they go for their walk where she will get her first meal of the day, then Charlotte and Gordon will prepare toast, scrambled eggs and bacon and then crazes for the rest of the day. It certainly is a dog’s life., Jackson was also no stranger to slavery. More than 150 slaves worked day and night at his stately Tennessee mansion "The Hermitage" where cooks prepared his favorite southern foods, including Braised Duck, Chicken Hash, Old Hickory Soup and Wild Barbecued Goose., Hi, “Stay outta this you cunt. You want some? Eh.....eh? Who the fuck do you think you are mate….eh?”, “They had the best bid, and at the last minute, Anthem was able to come in and make an additional offer,” said Greazzo. It’s not that he favored one offer over the other, he said, but it was the way the two boards handled the bidding process., why in the world am i pricking my own heart strings for anyway… no one really offers to help in deed BUT THEY DO IN WORDS ONLY! GO FIGURE…… that’s life and that’s also people!, Coredinations Cardstock, The sweetest meat in all the land, I did NOT spend that much, trust me. I bought it used, so I got it for a song. It came today and I am thrilled! Buying a used camera made me a little nervous, but it works great. I didn’t get all of the bells and whistles that come with a new camera – it’s better than that: I already have a memory card and USB cords, and when I looked for an updated version of Kodak Easyshare software, I found out you can get it for free from Kodak’s website. Love it., Maria :), A spokesman for Immigration Minister Chris Bowen said the number of boats arriving at Christmas Island was down significantly on the previous year. ”We’re focused on finalising the Malaysia deal and not claiming any sort of victory. It is early days,” he said., The RAF warned that people in south-east England will notice an increase in air activity at certain times, in particular this weekend., March 10th, Mix in flour mixture and buttermilk alternating starting and ending with flour. ( I did 3 flour additions and 2 buttermilk additions), Things were looking good, and in May 1981, Woodham Brothers sold the locomotive to Procor (UK) Ltd in Wakefield, and she left as the 125th departure from Barry. After its departure from Woodham Brothers, it took 30 rail enthusiast volunteers 16 to completely rebuild and restore the 5972 to here original, Great Western glory. During this time, new flues and fire brick had to be installed, all the controls and gauges replaced, new driving rods installed and new super heater equipment installed. The 5972 was one of the most complete engines to depart Woodham Brothers, so rebuilding costs were manageable. The GWR 5972 “Olton Hall” debuted to the public as an operating steam locomotive sometime in 1997., 12:50 - 1:53: Continue math, “I’ve just had some,” replied Andrew. He twisted his face then smirked before speaking again. “But I’ve never turned down a coffee yet. So why not.”, Top skirt pattern (shown in the lower right of the photo), A million worthless things, College football is indeed moving to a four-team playoff after the 2013 season. Other than that, not much new to report. Hopefully they’ll have most of the details hammered out by the end of June. BCS Executive Director Bill Hancock on the Dan Patrick Show today, said they were seriously debating on whether the semi-finals/first round would be played on campus or at neutral sites. I understand home games for the no. 1 and no. 2 seeds would be a way to reward them for regular season success, but I hope to see neutral site games rotating at the sites of current BCS bowl games (and still think they should replace the Fiesta with the Cotton)., They roamed the complex in a small pack, while my husband and I stayed home and watched Tim Burton's very excellent "Corpse Bride", pausing every few minutes to shell-out, shell-out, for the witches were indeed out., Deep Garnett, earthy colour. A lifted nose of leather, herbs, coffee, figs, plums, oak and smoke. Lovely rich fruit in the mouth, fresh and dried, with supple tannins, savoury flavours, leather, earthy, sweet and sour nuances – almost saline at times. This is multi-layered, complex and fine. I thought this was a glorious wine, perhaps the fact that this was from magnum made it especially good – 92/100 points., Last night, I attended a wedding reception of my high school friend., But it works, thanks to Astalift’s three steps to beautiful skin:, Saying what I want, falling from my London pavements, falling from my own fucking grace., Pour this ground mixture to the pan with little water., I don't have much today. I have a brain freeze. Really, it's like a blizzard in Antarctica in my head. I'm trying to work on something new, but my perfectionist side thinks back on how I can tweak the MS I'm querying to make it better. I need to get away or something. I'm trying to read a lot, watch movies, but none of it's working. I think I need to shut off from the world kind of thing, but I can't. Maybe I should go see The Hunger Games again., B:, The left channel on the cassettes is generally weaker than the right and I addressed this using the Saffire's analogue pre-amps. "Unreal" shouts a guy near the taper, clearly moved by the conclusion to Comfortably Numb. Listening to this you can really appreciate what he meant., I also enjoyed her coverage of domed shapes - discussing cases in which it's better to fire the shape flat and then dap them and other cases which really require shaping the clay on a form before firing., Time to let go now, because there is nothing to hold on to now, The Mothers of Invention: Stuff Up The Cracks, rewarded in so many ways for creating this space where children can gather to, A Game of Thrones by George R. R. Martin (excellent), Self-Portrait on the Train, Boston – New Haven, 1997, - Gradually accept sweeping losses of individual freedom., A random trip to Taco Bell last week got me thinking. The brood and I needed to waste time between pick up time at the Bigs' school and the start of Girl Scouts. Seeing as I'm already making 2 round trips (VA Beach /Suffolk) every school day til summer vacation, I'm staying in Suffolk in the afternoons when we have scouts in the evenings. I mean c'mon... as it is I'm driving 160 miles per day or 800 miles a week. Well, last Monday, we cleaned up at our old house, did some homework, and then headed to Taco Bell for a quick bite to eat before dropping Julia at Brownies. With Donk in town, I really don't bring all 5 very many places these days., I love The Office. And yes I realize that totally wasent at all funny unless you watch the show., Did you know that elephants sleep only 3-4 hours a day?, I sat out on the deck and grilled up a beautiful steak for dinner and it pretty much sucked big time. I had bought us this grass fed steak (it was $5.57 and I was so psyched to feed him such good quality meat as a treat) and we were so looking forward to eating it., So we took him up to my wife’s sister house in Sacele they have a massive garden and another dog as well, after a few days he simply loved it up there and it is probably the best place for him. They actually let him roam free out of the garden so sometimes he can be gone for days exploring the woods and chasing the female dogs and making lots of new friends but he always comes back with a big smile, tail wagging furiously and great excitement in his eyes just wanting to tell you about his latest adventure., The House met again this week after a 3.week break. Monday the main business was the Commons amendments to the Legal Aid Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Bill, which was sent back to the Commons for a send time, with some of our amendments reinstated, including the one that removed the deduction from awards made by the court to claimants suffering from mesothelioma of 'success fees' and After the Event Insurance. After that I attended the Baha'i annual reception but didn't stay very long because my legs hurt if I stand for any length of time., Understandably, the first segment of the poem offers the most horrific concepts and it grows less so from there. But the time spent in hell is truly what horror is all about, and so I'm including L'inferno here for your consideration, as it is concerned only with the Inferno cantos of "The Divine Comedy". In recent times, this movie has been restored and released on DVD, complete with a controversial new soundtrack composed by Tangerine Dream. (More info here), We understand that this midwife was in a public hospital with a woman who had planned homebirth. After transfer of care to the hospital, the midwife continued in a supportive role with the woman: the usual practice in Australia when women transfer from planned home birth to hospital care., "Easily," I say. "An idealist is a person who firmly believes that Bush stole the election, but still thinks that a woman or a black guy have a good shot at becoming president.", A pair of eagles will allow it’s offspring to enter into their territory but not during nesting season! With it being just that at the moment “ALL” eagles are told to stay away!, I stared at her. "Me? I can't be dead. I can see myself right down there!", Snared and frightened, Dupic resisted the monk's inhuman strength by attempting to flap his wings and fly away, but the pious pervert was too strong. Determined to reach Cupid, he drew from the reserves deep within his half-soul and dragged the now naked monk with him, closer to his hypnotized brother and Cyberon., Here is a close-up of an undersea poster that I am in the middle of coloring. It takes a long time to color each poster, but in the end it is really worth it!, Congratulations ladies!!! Please email me (Lora) at lorascards@aol.com to accept the position and I will invite you to our dt blog and give you all the info :)), But do I even WANT to overcome it? Do YOU??? ;), Curly Wurlys. Space Dust. Toffo's, cola cubes., Accessories, is only a mask, Another rondeau I particularly enjoy is also often cited as a great example of the form, titled "We Wear the Mask", by Paul Laurence Dunbar, a truly amazing poet of the late 19th century, and the first African-American to gain notoriety as a poet., Flagged off on World AIDS Day 2007, the train is on its journey traversing 27,000 kms, halting at 180 stations over a period of 365 days luring millions of Indians to the largest mass mobilization campaign and perhaps the most unique in the world., Well that's just tough shit., Flavor: The Barest hint of a malty middle in the center of the mouth, with a long, dry finish., congrats ladies! Please contact me at tampatha01@gmail.com to claim your badges/prizes., Where does that love go when it is no longer needed? I don’t know. I do know that you love someone, their well-being is as important to you as your own, and then suddenly that someone is gone, leaving behind those unfulfilled feelings of wanting to help. Of caring. Of empathy. I still think of him almost all the time, still wish I could put my arms around him and make him well. When I hear a noise, sometimes I think it is he, and my first inclination is to go to him. When I hear or see something that would amuse or outrage him, sometimes I get up to go tell him. But these thoughts and actions are not as painful as they once were., Throughout my life – Freddie has given voice to many of the emotions I did not know how to express. His songs are the most beautiful poetry, even with out the music., who stand in the way, A judge eased a restraining order last February after an attorney for Rihanna said she didn’t object to removing the stay-away provisions., From start to finish, I relied on her help to research the topic, organize my findings and present them in a clear, cogent manner. Ruth pored over drafts of each chapter, writing extensive notes and asking probing questions. She was a tough editor., We did some occasional texting and made tentative plans for the next Saturday. I didn’t hear from him as much and I probably texted him a little too much. I’m a texter. I thought he was into me. So Saturday rolled around and I didn’t hear from him. I finally sent him a message saying, I’m guessing since I haven’t heard from you that we are not getting together tonight. He said, Oh, I’m sorry. I went to the Casino with my boy and he was winning. We are still here. I said Okay. And that was it., Murderous cop denied parole, Freelance writers who get regular work are freelance writers who get knocked back and just bounce back with another idea, another angle, another attempt. There's no hocus pocus in it. Just an 'oh well, I'll try something different' approach, time and time again., When I cut into it, though, I decided that the crumb looked okay. Too late, I remembered the cake-testing sheets that Woody had left at my house, and I didn't measure the cake's height. Sorry, Woody. Someday I may be more scientific in my approach., Where to find Nosferatu:, Preheat your oven to 350 degrees, and grease a baking sheet., Obtaining U.S. Citizenship Is Not as Easy as Al-Qaradhawi Imagines, “Edward. Corliss.” Grayson greeted them solemnly as he shook hands with Edward., and one day you'll be inspired., The final five minutes was back and forth with three ties and six lead changes. Central Oklahoma’s Tyler Phillips tied it at 62-62 on a put back with 4:20 left. After a Justin Ikhide free throw, Davis gave the Bronchos a 65-63 lead with a three pointer at the 3:33 mark. Chris Sights answered for Emporia State with 2:50 left on a three of his own for a 66-65 Hornet lead. Phillips hit another trey to make it 68-66 Central Oklahoma with 2:32 remaining. Derrell Conner gave Emporia State the lead back with a three pointer with 1:21 left. Johnny Stephene hit a pair of free throws with 12.3 seconds left to give Central Oklahoma their final lead at 70-69. The Bronchos had a foul to give with 8.1 seconds left and Emporia State called a timeout after the foul. Pierce then got the ball in the lane and was fouled by Josh Davis with 5.2 seconds left. He hit both free throws to reach double figures and move Emporia State to 3-1 on the season., Well thanks for stoppin' by and you might want to scroll down to find out about a FREE Digi Stamp Set from Totally Stampalicious as well!!, Welcome to All About Boys Blog Hop day 1 of 2! If you have come from Haidee's blog you are right on track if not you can start at the beginning HERE. This hop starts at 8:00 am this morning. I am so glad you joined us today! Boy themed projects seem harder to come by so that is why we have dedicated TWO whole days to nothing but boys! Hopefully you are able to walk away with some fabulous ideas in mind. We have a lot of very talented people that will be sharing their projects with you and what would a hop be without a little prize at the end.....?, Me: Again, thanks Ron. That narrows it down yet again., If you are reading this, and know of any other instances where Universities use and abuse writers, please let me know. Might as well make a list...with no names mentioned if you'd rather not., Whaley was inside the home when deputies arrived and was kneeling over his grandmother’s body, cradling her head. He surrendered without incident, deputies said., Card Info, Paper/cardboard (roll of toilet paper works well), As soon as I feel ready to share my product, I will. Music is an awkward topic. It’s very elitist. I have no problem sharing my favourite films but there is definitely some judgement at work when one shares music with another. “Oh, I’ve heard of them. They suck.” “Oh, they’re so mainstream.” Damn, hipsters. But this is a zone of fandom. If you like something, you should be able to unashamedly declare that passion because it is a reflection of yourself. Your unapologetically, bold, open self., 3. Stereotypes/Archetypes, It will be interesting to see if the Senate follows through with its authority to ensure that the President abides by his Oath and determine whether President Obama did indeed violate his Constitutional limits and Oath. If so, then he must be Impeached., As sushi master, Jiro is virtuoso/maestro and conductor in one - he lives, breaths and dreams about sushi, and how to constantly take it to the next level of perfection. He instructs his team consisting of his eldest son and apprentices as a conductor leads an orchestra - pushing each through endless repetition, with improvements all along the way to be the best at their craft. Directing each to create the perfect experience for their guests, in their 10-seater space, each and every day. Jiro commands the same respect from his diners - no specialty rolls with gimmicky names, dippings or distractions like appetizers are offered here - his pristine sushi is meant to be eaten as soon as it's served, and his unspoken demand of the diner is exacting: focus on your meal. And Japanese food writer Masuhiro Yamamoto describes a meal with Jiro as like a concerto - there is a fluid progression of movements: you start with the classics, and build towards the subtly inventive, inspired cadenza, leading up to a theme with variations for finale. All in under half an hour - because Jiro runs a tight company., WordPress for breakfast, I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: ‘Healthy parenting’ (or lack of) is often cited as critical for a healthy society. If we are to progress this notion we need to question why so many of us are fearful to be open about the demands of parenthood?, Coloring was done with Copic Markers, sponging is with VersMagic ink, and my image was cut out with Spellbinders, Labels Twenty-Two., ~ Nice to Meet You ~, My only complaint about the screening, other than the snoring girl, was that we did not get to see the final Batman trailer that regular screenings will get to see. I had been really looking forward to that, but I’m sure it will be on-line in the near future. I am actually curious to see which super hero movie winds up dominating the summer. My money is on Batman, but The Avengers should give it some real competition., Smaller grants have been given to a variety of charities and organizations, including Habitat for Humanity, Fairleigh Dickinson University, and Madison Square Park., One of my biggest pet peeves is when I tell a mom something her son did and she turns, looks at him and asks, "Is that true?" Well, of course it's true. I just told you. See? Apparently, teachers are gifted with infallibility. We should believe everything they tell us about our children. He continues:, While I am not on a weight loss journey myself, I thought it was important to always be looking for ways to improve my quality of life. I made a commitment to reduce the amount of supermarket and “instant” produce I consumed. Ive been making a conscious effort to visit the market first (for my fresh produce – mostly organic), or make items myself (breads, soups, stocks, sauce) to reduce the amount of synthetics I am consuming as well as increase the nutrient value in my food every day without needing a complete diet overhaul. Ive shunned my microwave and returned to slow cooking, and Im switching to “clean” recipes that dont require artificial foods., Season one of The Killing (USA) got better as the weeks went on and becomes compelling in its own right. Only then did I watch season two of The Killing (Denmark) and immediately forget that there ever was an American version., 3:00 p.m. — Transferred. Original gravity 1.064 (15.6 °P). Rocking to aerate., So I had my very first writing workshop as an award-winning 46-year-old author. I should have started sooner, huh? If you’re wondering why I avoided workshops for so long…, More details:, Creekside Park, Murrieta, Hello and Happy Wednesday, which of course means that Julia is giving us all the opportunity to show our work space. If you have a minute, hop on over to see what everyone has been up to. Check out WOYWW-152, and keep in mind the ATC exchange is coming up soon. I need to let Julia know I'll be playing along. I'm thinking I can also use this card in Di's Pixie's Crafty Snippet Challenge. The purple paper pieces aren't snippets, but pretty much everything else was made from scraps of silver and white. The heart was also one I've had left over from a package I purchased years ago. I'll be more of a purist next time...I promise., Who was pretty fair about evenly taking turns between the two types of stories. In the second season there was more of an emphasis on the sci-fi, even though from today’s vantage point, the historical tales of the Hartnell era seem to be the ones that hold up better. When the show wasn’t featuring the Daleks, its sci-fi wasn’t as strong, which speaks to how tight of a concept the Daleks really were way back then. But since sci-fi is an ever-evolving artform, it dates itself in ways that these old historical stories tend not to. Back in 1964, “The Sensorites” probably seemed like a pretty cool story, especially to, Don’t get me wrong. I ain’t complaining and I ain’t biting the hands that feed me (us) and I’m not even thinking of anyone in particular. AND I also love broiled salmon. But the other evening at dinner I mentioned the way I made salmon the night before and was really surprised to see the women quickly turn and gather ’round as if I was E.F. Hutton. Broiling-good. Marinating-good. Glazing-good. *Shmearing-good. All good. So here is a quick and savory shmear for you. Plus, a couple of sides that are wonderfully adaptable to what’s on hand., How superstitious are you? I can honestly say that I avoid walking under ladders, get a little freaked out by black cats walking in front of me and still try and avoid stepping on cracks (as I really don’t want to have to look after my mother any sooner that is necessary)., The rod’s thirst is finally quenched, Grandma Townsend is very much better today., In one way, that is all fair enough. The old saying "A conservative is a liberal who was mugged last night" embodies a similar idea and represents a claim that conservatives often make: That they are more realistic and that Leftists are dreamers who need to be brought down to earth. Being vividly reminded of your own forthcoming death (which is what the psychological experiments concerned do) should invoke a similar burst of realism and disable dreamy views of life., We also insist that it was the Lord Jesus Christ who ordered the departure for that which we read in Galatians 1:12. “For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.” He was not told by Peter nor any other of the Twelve Apostles to go out of Jerusalem. He was not taught by any of those apostles what his message should be as he preached to the Gentiles., After the truth of its asserted values, to the President and Congress to do the right thing., Do you use binders to organize things? I'd love to hear how you use them!, This is cool in so many ways. First of all, the year of the dragon is a very special year. The dragon is the only mythical animal in the Chinese zodiac and is considered a wise and benevolent creature. Because it is a water dragon, it means the year should be calmer than other dragon years., after pondering what we could do with it for a bit, we decided we could turn it into a bookshelf for the millions of books my mom keeps buying baird haha! i haven't mentioned it before but my mom's thing is buying books for baird. of course i love it since im an english teacher but, nonetheless, we need a place to store all of them. because we arent in a super hurry to get this project done, we are doing it in phases. phase one, which we completed tonight, was deconstruction and clean-up. we removed all of the parts that we didn't want to include, making the back open and ready for some shelves that we are going to put in. we took off the doors, although we might put them back on, not sure yet. we took out all of the screws, all of the brass details, and the cute little deer. after doing all of this, we cleaned it all up with a rag and some wood cleaner. i also borrowed some brass cleaner from my mother-in-law to clean up all of the brass. stage two will consist of retrofitting the empty cabinet with some wood shelves and sanding the entire thing to prepare for paint. its nowhere near done but at least we finally started it., Phone number, to meet with him again and again., 2-26 Spokane, WA Spokane, Arena, I have a few other "seasonals" to try. They stopped short of calling them an "Oktoberfest". But I know what they were trying to acheive. I'll give them a shot this weekend, and let youknow what I think., Red Hot Chili Peppers, My next post was suppose to be about our front porch update but after losing my post that I had nearly completed, I’m going to take a break on the porch updating (while I cool off from being ticked at Blogger) and write about my thrifty finds this weekend (on Word)., Hello Woodware USA fans!! We have a fun sketch for you today from our very own -- Kerry Urbatch!! I love Kerry's sketches because they are always so indicative of her awesome style! We hope you love this week's sketch. I believe you can even adapt it into a square card if you would like...let your imagination be your guide!! However, I love shaking it up a bit and having a shaped card along the way!, demonstrates an eclipse; in the foreground,, That very same night, Andrei played his first game back from injury in two years. After watching him that game, as well as in tonight's game, I see he is back and well worth the 5 mil he's signed for next year. Stay Healthy my friend. We need you., I have NO idea why either?, so i'm going PRIVATE again., I’m convinced my father knew nothing about the abuse. Now I find myself asking, “How could he not know? How could he miss the signs?”, The Underworld Trilogy has been a perfect example of popcorn entertainment ever since its inception. After sitting through each of the movie I felt that One more movie and they would over do the franchise but every time I was proved wrong owing to some exhilarating action sequences and acceptable storyline. Even the performances kept getting better and better with time. So when I heard of this fourth installment I had mixed feelings about it. Half of my heart felt it would be another belter but the rest of it said that this could just be that installment where they go the full Monty. The biggest suspense now for me was to see which half was right., I read very little last year. I don't know why. Perhaps the addition of a screaming insomniac baby didn't help or maybe I wasted too much time blogging, but this year I will devote more time to reading and less to drinking wine and surfing the internet. I will never achieve Dovegreyreader's ability to read nine Dickens novels in one day whilst quilting and healing the sick at the same time, neither will I manage Scott Pack's 137 books in one year. I am a slow reader. But if I can manage a book every week or so, it will be an improvement on the pitiful handful that I read in 2006., Conservatives are conservative for various reasons. Some want to preserve traditional morality, some are nationalists, some are fiscal conservatives, some just want the government out of their business, etc. So I don’t want to make the assumption that liberals are all liberal for the same reason., Dr Michael Kamrava, who implanted 7 embryos in an unemployed 49 y/o woman who is now pregnant with quadruplets. She has been hospitalized and will be until she gives birth – courtesy of the California taxpayers. Contrary to this woman and Nadya, his success rates are very low, which is why he implants so many – to increase his numbers and thus increase business. According to the LA Times, he performed 61 embryo implantation procedures in 2006, with only two of them resulted in births, even though he implanted an average of 3.5 embryos per procedure, well above the national average of 2.3., Arcelia Castillo, 49, Elizabeth, N.J., Finally, it was time for my favorite ride, the Haunted Mansion. Keith and I were able to get away for a bit for this. About halfway through, in the cemetery, the ride stopped! And stayed stopped for about 10 minutes or so. Not a big deal to me, since it was the first quiet moment I had had in awhile! ;), Then...in August of 2006 my Mom and all of us got the terrible news that she had breast cancer once again. This after going through two mastectomies and being judged healthy enough to donate a kidney - - - breast cancer again?!?! But it was true, it was wrapped around the nerves and blood vessels...one lone cell that stayed in her body waiting to betray her. But again, prayer kept her safe and led her to amazing physicians who despite being left with 40% of the cancer inside of her body, healed her today to being cancer free again!!!!, As I purchased my first home I was kind of excited. Inviting friends and family over as if I just had a newborn. It’s sort of similar in many ways yet, of course, different as well. Slowly I realized what was never told to me., What I most looking forward to: We go for our genetic scan and squential screening on Nov 5. I just want to hear that my baby is ok!, 27. “If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.” -Tony Robbins, I didn’t feel rushed, because there was no long line of people behind me. With all that said, I wanted to see gems, semi-precious stones, rocks and see the art and antiquities made from them., Suddenly the bell sounded. He just got up and left. Abby stayed seated, heart broken., Again using the tag line of ‘Anything But Sweet’ ‘Ho White’ is seen blowing Smoke Rings (the mysterious Eighth Dwarf) while snuggled up in the bed with her seven live-in miners. I thought it was one of the funniest pieces of tongue-in-cheek advertising I had seen in a long time., David Thomas “Davy” Jones (30 December 1945 – 29 February 2012) was an English rock singer-songwriter and actor best known as a member of the Monkees, one of the world’s first manufactured pop bands created specifically for the tv series The Monkees., * I fall asleep earlier on Fridays then I do any other night of the week... Party Girl, I am not, Somewhere in my research folder (aka the pile of papers stacked in my sewing room) is a September 2007 Vogue magazine article by Jean Hanff Korelitz titled “The Sloppy Syndrome.”, And so the countdown begins! I am very excited about this game. I, as well as many of you out there no doubt, have been waiting anxiously, hoping for this game to come out and now the day is almost upon us! I have already reserved a copy of my own and just seeing the Diablo III title printed on a crinkled receipt makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside., Beautiful Madelinetosh Prairie superwash merino laceweight in the Fragrant colorway. This will become a lace scarf that I'll submit somewhere. Or sell in my Ravelry shop. Oddly, this colorway is not listed on her site but is available elsewhere. I guess they need to update the website., ‘Your mother said I should go to church with her,’ I shook my head. ‘I told her it wouldn’t feel right, me being and unbeliever and all that. She looked me straight in the eye and said that you believed and that should be enough for me.’ I sighed and picked at my fingernails. ‘I keep ending up in situations where I need you to speak for me.’ I looked at my watch. ‘I told her I’d think about it. Right, love, visiting hours are done so I’m gonna go home and have the rest of that pie from lunch and I’ll be back first thing in the morning.’ I kissed your ice cold forehead and headed out the door, popping my head in the room next door to say goodbye. The sleeping man was there but the husband had already left. I’d see him tomorrow then., Fourth major change: I planted 2 flower beds. Maybe it isn’t that major to you, but getting my husband and I to commit to spending the money for stuff that gets put on the ground is pretty tough, but we finally did it and I am so glad we did. I will have to take some pictures for you of the finished look when I have a day of no rain., you might recall when i first cut my hair in preparation for losing it all due to chemo (watch it HERE). justin and i went together. we took before and after pictures and video. it was quite the ordeal. i went from happy, to furious, to mostly not happy. i hated my first hair cut. i walked out of the salon and yelled lots of four letter words. i hated it. not sure if i hated the hair cut or just hated that i had to cute my hair altogether. either way it was a dramatic, emotional, tough day. but we made it. i made it through 12 chemo treatments and held on to some of my hair. i started wearing a hat in mid december when it started to get real thin. it kept getting thinner and thinner but i never lost it all. so i decided not to shave it but opted for to keep my thinning hair and wear a hat. i own several hats but my grey hat always seems to be my first choice. kinda gross that i wore the same exact hat for basically 14 weeks. that might be a little weird. but it seemed normal to me. i basically wanted to wear my hat for as long as i could and then wait a little until it started to grow back and then we would go short. pixie cut style. since that it was justin has wanted since day one. but i was never ready., My own scarlet vesture beneath my breast., We are all here just to disappear sooner or later., People come people go, By around 5pm our house was packed and by 730, everyone who said they would be there was there. Our small home was filled with all the important people in our lives. I couldn’t have asked for a better turn out or a better group of people to share our home with., I think we all need some down time once and awhile, don't you? And...if you happen to be visiting San Francisco in the near future, be sure and visit the Nob Hill Spa. It's fabu!, I read about your lives...inspired...excited for you...amazed by you..., The number one thing that came to mind was, “Florals? For spring? Groundbreaking!” But that’s just it. It is groundbreaking! And has become a top trend this spring/summer season. So head on over to Zara or H&M and grab yourself a pair or two., And I see how it thrives, Combine the 1/4 cup espresso and water in a small bowl. Place one of the chocolate layers, cut side up, on a cardboard cake round. Using a pastry brush, lightly moisten the layer with the expresso mixture. Spread a layer of mocha-flavored buttercream and shave it down to about 1/4" thick, bringing it to the edge of the layer., However, of course Japan isn’t just full of wonderful things. Japanese government’s response and actions after the North East Japan Earthquake and the nuclear power plant accident was very sloppy, and all the government officials were blaming each other to save their own face. They are not putting enough efforts into reconstruction either., Usually I use my fingers to apply foundation but with this I like the way it looks when I use a MAC 187. It buffs it on nicely and I think that kind of application suits the lightness of the foundation., what would have rivalled the as yet unbuilt, feed the ducks a few crumbs he brought along. So that he would be able to get a little something to, Any parting words to share?, I go and sit by the Raspberry Tree;, 5. See report by Saidu Adamu, Conference Coordinator for the Steering Committee, in Journal of African Marxists, Issue 4, September 1983. The Conference was held March 14 to 19, 1983., What does giving up everything really mean? As for me, it means putting everything on the alter...my hopes, dreams, desires, money, time, influence, resources...everything is His to use in whatever way He chooses. This is where I want to live. I don't want to draw lines in the sand and tell Him, you can not ask me to cross this line, I am at my limit. I don't even know my limit. I don't even know my own heart. I don't even know myself., Stores are selling out of GPS devices, sump pumps and related materials. The animals are being evacuated from Dakota Zoo, with zoos from North and South Dakota taking in the creatures. This is by no means easy. As one person put it, you can't just load a zoo animal onto a cattle truck. And of course, it's not just homes but many businesses which will be affected if the entire south side floods. Both cities are sure to see disruptions for months to come., Anyone who thought the beer blogosphere was getting a bit stale needs to read this superb post by Mark Dredge on Pencil and Spoon entitled RIP: the Pub. As I’ve mentioned in the comments, it bears a number of similarities to a piece I wrote a few years ago called The Death of the English Pub. He sums up the attitude to pubgoing of a twentysomething beer enthusiast and his cohort extremely well – a generation younger than me which seems to have got out of the habit of regular pub visits., Standart measurement of i-con – Modular House (20 feet):, There are two principal reasons for a publisher to refuse a book: it's crap and always will be; it's still crap but you could have made it OK. Oh, and there's a third - you sent them a book that is not the type they publish, or that they already have with a slightly different title. There's nothing you can do about the last bit except look at their catalogue and make sure they haven't just printed a book that is pretty much the same. The others are all in your control. (Most of this is covered wonderfully by the Crabbit Bat Nicola Morgan on Help! I Need a Publisher - write the right book at the right time in the right way and send it to the right publisher.), Many years ago, I enlisted in the US Army. Though offered a commission, I declined. I wanted to earn respect by my performance, not by the rank I wore. I served a mere three years and was not involved in combat. One of my daughters has chosen to follow in my footsteps, and has already served 5 years, including a tour in the desert. As happy as I am that many Americans have never known such hardship as seen in WWII, Korea, Viet Nam, Cambodia, and Laos, or Iraq and Afghanistan now, it is an UN-happy truth that without struggle, there is little appreciation. Many Americans do not value the freedoms we still have. They exist in a quiet complacency that disregards the deeply personal sacrifices of the past. All too many just don’t care. I thoroughly hope you are not among them., deceitful and wicked., So why did I run away two nights ago?, Went to a funeral yesterday for one of our pastor's mom. You tend to ponder on life and death at those things. Yesterday was no different. I often wonder what people will say at my funeral. I hope to make a difference in someone's life even if I never know. God does. :), Was no room for any work in the close clay:, 5. Peanut butter: the only thing that made this bread acceptable. I have to put so much peanut butter to cover it up, its not worth it., my friend's wife were standing right there, I swapped out my usual, That is what we are REALLY fighting for. The right to be free of the propaganda and censorship that has stood between our illness, and treatment, since 1988., This year appears to be no exception. It pours the usual deep coppery brown with a nice but smallish dark tan head. It looks like a dopplebock., You can have a fabulous night not because you have drinks on the terrace of Café Flore and watch Frédéric Beigbeder and other chic Left Bankers walk by. Or go to the Ellen von Unwerth launch party where there is even better people-watching and the champagne is free instead of 15 euros a glass., In a supposedly spontaneous protest in support of president Aziz in the capital Nouakchott on Tuesday, onlookers could plainly see protesters being ferried around by a vehicle bearing the state TV insignia., “I am often confused when you talk about your gardens. How many gardens do you have? Where are they? Can you do a blog post about your gardens and how they came to be?”, It seemed that everybody did indeed know his name. It was never, “Hey, you,” or “Hello, Dude,” or “Greetings, fellow humanoid.” No, it was always his name, “Norm.”, In general, poor B vitamin levels will cause profound fatigue and an assortment of neurologic manifestations, which may include weakness, poor balance, confusion, irritability, memory loss, nervousness, tingling of the limbs, and loss of coordination., “You just missed George,” she said. “He was here since very early; but all I did was sleep, so I sent him home to rest.”, All in all, a breath-taking work - I would highly recommend it to foodie and film fans., Serve as a side for 4 people or as a light lunch for 2-3., It is gratifying, therefore, (but no surprise) to learn that this summer the Universities of Aberdeen and Chester have found definitive evidence of three fortified enclosures south of the town — a triple power center — in Rhynie’s ‘Royal Mile’ at Barflat, where an unprecedented total of eight Pictish (AD5th-6thCC) carved stones have been unearthed over the years, under the unseeing gaze of Caledonian Tap o’Noth., Ohoho, now this is funny. Wasn’t it like, one guy who did that?, Week 11 - Feb 3rd - Caitlin - Inspired by your favorite book., 3. To present you…before the presence of his glory with great joy, I have had the Zumba videos for about a year now but I know that you can find some videos online as well. Here is just a snippet of what fun Zumba can be! Enjoy!, And on that note… the sun is shining and I have some liquid sunshine to get stuck into… a piu tarde., Delta blues, including via Chicago, is one of my favorite genres of music, but now I’m a Joe Bonamassa fan, too. Too early to tell whether anything related will show up in my dreams, but the forum on his website is pleasingly sprinkled with dreams that involve him:, 430pm- 4 bun-less burgers, almonds, As some of you might know, I’m in the middle of a meaty corporate job. It’s an amazing opportunity, but for all the usual client confidentiality reasons I can’t go into detail. What I can tell you is: it’s tough, it’s fast and it’s working with some amazing people in an amazing industry., Olive oil – enough to brush veggies with it, Most parents innately want to comfort their children though sad times or sickness. To do so requires a parent who is willing to give that gift, and a child who is willing to receive it. Yet so many adults are unable to be comforted themselves; they often subjugate their own needs and problems in an effort to offer themselves as a comforter to children, partners, family and friends. When a parent puts their own need for comfort at the bottom of the list, they are portraying themselves as superhuman or as martyrs, whose comfort is either unimportant or undeserved. When parents do that, their children learn to subjugate the importance of their own comfort in order to comfort others. While this is noble in some respects, it can also lead to the child questioning their own value as they get older, as they lose the ability to seek and accept comfort when they need it. This can lead to feelings of isolation or uncertainty in times of need., In the last few day, I got two emails from readers telling me that the place is now closed all the time., I'd come to see Dr Guoqing Pan. During my planning of this trip I had been monitoring the papers on sericulture coming from China in an effort to find the best place to go. I'd noticed there were several papers coming from Chongqing, and so I'd emailed a professor there, and eventually received a reply from one of his colleagues., ohhh i love clogs! i was hoping to find the perfect pair from stockholm two weeks ago, with no luck. but i'm going back in a couple of weeks, and so the search continues.., Isn’t it amazing that we should learn about this incident from a newspaper in a country with a long and continuing record of muzzling truth? We would almost certainly still be in the dark were it not for Kommersant. Though we pride ourselves on living in a free country, we are obliged to rely on the media of a gangster state to learn what is happening on our own streets., “Because I’ve caught enough fish for today,” said the fisherman., Even though they are spending a larger percentage of the budget on education than most countries, education in the so-called township schools went from bad to worst and South Africa is now worse off than in the latter years of apartheid. They struggle to provide proper health care. Hospitals that were once some of the best in Africa (and even the world) are now mismanaged and in a disastrous condition., Just a quick post late Sunday night on my card I created for my Mom. These soft pretty colors remind me so much of her and the colors she wears a lot and looks best in. She had tears when she saw this card and the handwritten note inside., I just love the masked off look with sponging! Heather was the first stamper I saw do this, and she has really started a trend! It is everywhere. I used my hexagon cutters and sponged on the inside. I removed the cutter, masked the shape with post-its, and stamped the silhouette image from Stamp School's Flowers for Mom and used the sympathy from Christian Sympathy, also from Stamp School., "Anda Boleh", Suzz, Another speech follows about great music and the Garden of Eden. More about being real and being honest. An attack on the publishing industry. An attack on the music industry. A slight to Britney Spears., One moment I’d like to forget is… besides the fairy experience? The time I had to dress up as a jockey for Melbourne Cup Day…also thanks to M.S. But the most recent was last Saturday night. I really have to learn to say ‘No’., Then once I decided not to be as literal, I started looking at the photo in a different way...I was then inspired by the pops of red against the light blue, the patterns of the outfits and how they contrasted so beautiful, the sprinkling of the little gold and green circles along the floor,...and I was inspired...I knew exactly what I was going to do., ... or is it? The Doctor takes Majenta to one of his favourite places in the universe in Part One of a brand new comic strip, THE STOCKBRIDGE CHILD by Dan McDaid with art by Mike Collins., When you’re in for a long day of training, or a weekend of heavy competition, it’s important to keep your body fuelled. Here’s a sample meal plan that will give you an idea of what types of foods you should be eating to power through your day., At this point I must again emphasize that I am not attacking a specific race of people in this posting, and nor am I suggesting that one specific race is far more superior than another. The information I’ll be presenting here will show that at a certain point in time (more or less 6000 years ago), an unusual being by the name of “Cain” injected a stream of superior intelligence into the human race. This marvellous intelligence boosted mankind’s progress to unbelievable heights, but it came with a price, -- a very wicked, bloody, and gory one!, 2 (8 oz.) blocks of cream cheese, softened, I wanted to throw myself on top of her. When she was in her hospital bed. I wanted to give myself to her completely. I crawled up inside of her. Mommy Mommy. As I held her. As I held her as she died. I am the daughter of the housewife that Cixous writes about. Peter Handke's "stations of a woman's life." I knew that I must write her, I knew I must bring her back to life, I must write through this silence, scream through this silence, the closed spaces of the family, the penitentiary walls, I am giving little nubs of pencil and scraps of paper and I write desperately, furiously, I must announce myself or I will disappear, like they all disappear, I refuse to be cloaked anymore in this silence, the silence of Catholicism the silence of family the silence of politeness the silence of dutiful daughterhood. I am choking. I am choking on the damp blanket of this silence. All the terror of the family. And new news. New news plus this old ancient terrible news, the familiar news of death. News so horrible it is unspeakable. Don't say anything. Don't breathe a word. One must suffer through. One must suffer silently or one must allow oneself to be named as mad., More important, if she took herself offscreen and focused on her writing and directing she could do something less self-consciously awkward and more weighty. Toward the end of the film she directs Adam Scott in a nice series of scenes toward a building passion that feels real and moving. But she doesn’t give herself the same generosity. It’s as if she can’t see herself onscreen as a character — she only sees herself in the mirror, and she’s anxious to make us believe she’s still wrinkle-free., The round ends with Marx up on top. That round might go to Marx, but it was close., Know you are loved babies., I took the day off that day. Work just felt heavy so I decided to go apply at the casino the same day., Caden and Colton are doing really well too. They are on a really good schedule and have been sleeping from 7:30pm-7:00am for a few weeks now. They are growing so fast! At their four month ped appt they were weighing in the 82nd and 93rd percentiles and I affectionately renamed them the "Chunky Monkeys". They are really good babies and only cry when they are tired or hungry., NO COVER 19+ID, Well, there you have it. My cards for the year. And now maybe you see why I was so far behind that I needed the card from yesterday's post to finish out my list. And since Heart 2 Heart decided to make this week's challenge a virtual Christmas card exchange, tell me which one is your favorite and I'll get one out to you right away...in a virtual sort of way., Please ignore the dirty stove. I'm a new mom., The Night Circus - Erin Morganstern, Veggies — I should have put this at the top of my list. This one really grates. What is wrong with “vegetables”? Are we children, that we need cute words to entice us to eat foods that are good for us?, Dan, So the laid back boot style is here and I love it! It is all about relaxation and they look super cool and even sexy when done with the right outfit., Both with the tabouli and the fact that I can make it in larger quantities and cheaper for what I can buy it. Also, I can put as much mint in it as I want. I wanted a lot! The same goes with the dressing which can involve as much lemon/lime juice, olive oil and seasoning as you want. It makes me once again so grateful that I'm over my fear of cooking, preparing and eating food. The preparing part has been the final piece for me to conquer and step by step, I feel like I am getting there., RODRIGUEZ: And now you have eight more., May you have time for artful pursuits this weekend and time to pause for reflection, too., "We also rejoice in our afflictions, because, Anyhow, my response to all that is that if that is the main way that Elsevier (as opposed to the unpaid referees and editors) adds value, then what I would like to see is a system where we paid Elsevier for adding that value. Under such a system, a journal would be an autonomous organization, but if it wanted its papers to appear on Science Direct, so that they had all those links (the buzzword seems to be “metadata”), then they could pay for that service. Of course, Elsevier would have to set the price at a level that would be worth paying, given what the journal was getting. But then I’d feel confident that Elsevier was getting a fair price for the value it was adding, whereas now I don’t at all., Every once in a while, however, the little out of the way meets attract enough athletes looking for an extra meet, or a tune up prior to a “big” meet, to get some pretty good results. Such was the case yesterday, as the little town of Lignano Sabiaddoro in Italy, as American women did a number in the 800 meters. To be honest I had never even heard of the town until I was scanning through results earlier today. And even then nothing was really striking as I scanned through., 2 tbs sugar, Thanks for stopping by....come back again soon!, In fact while this game was eventually won, and won well, it was as much down to profligate finishing from Cookham Dean then any great superiority on the hosts part. Chief culprit for the visitors was Xavi Etienne who miss a hat trick of gilt-edged chances IN EACH HALF. Ben Lyden eventually opened the scoring for the hosts who were were almost immediately pegged back by Cookham’s John Lennon; it was all coming together nicely as a spectacle., It's the classic, Josh and I did the session at different times so I got the chance to watch him do a few of his efforts., An English-language video interview on the website of VG Nett shows Forts defending Breivik’s actions. Forts called the deaths of the children “a necessary political sacrifice that is not necessary again.” Forts said people need to look at Breivik’s political platform, “rather than his atrocious actions.”, 65) Hey, if I wistled at you, would you stop and talk to me? +, I am underlining the wool coating with cotton flannel. Because of the added bulk, once I press open the seams, I am catch-stitching them to the flannel underlining. Turns out, this makes it so much easier to match seams! The collar and facing pieces are getting underlined with plain black cotton. I may add cuffs to the long sleeved version, but I am not sure about that yet., This is our weekend to shine., You are my rock, 11. Stephanie - 1958, Mix cream cheese, confectioner's sugar, peanut butter, and vanilla. Stir in cool whip and about 2/3 of the peanut butter cups., Yet another reason why I like a service oriented business., If, after the largest and most effective strike in a generation, we withdraw from further action in return for (at least in three out of four pension schemes) no more than a repackaging of the "offer" which we rightly rejected when it was made on 2 November, then we are offering this Government a sort of "accelerated 80s"., Don’t worry, don’t you fret, BOOOOORING., I came across this article on The Telegraph online and decided I had to share it with our blog readers. There are some really interesting and great fact’s about Scotland, some of which we didn’t even know about! An excellent fact file about Scotland., Yes, I know that some people might consider this to be the most overused quote. But I think it’s one of the best quotes of all time. It can capture so many moments and eras. Not to mention that it’s still popular even though it’s over one hundred fifty years old, which proves how powerful it is., Then the 10th blog came. I was scraping for suggestions and ideas to put out 300 words. What seemed to be an easy assignment, wasn’t so easy, my personal pride was out there to write blogs that were enjoyable and not just to get the blog done with. I thrived for the comments, and when I would submit and blog and no comments followed, I felt exiled; the comments were as rewarding to me as the grade I might get. To see that my last blog ABDC SEASON 7. . . Already? was still getting comments was an immediate success to me. The fact that people kept coming back and reading my blogs meant that I was appealing. This final blog showed me I had done an effective job as a blogger. Although my blogging career might have to be put on hold, I have definitely learned a great deal outside of the typical writing class, which usually only accounts for writing research papers. This creative writing helped me tap into Aristotle’s rhetorical aspects and utilize them to be not only an effective writer, but an enjoyable writer., You can understand why I might have been feeling a little down on myself a few weeks ago when thinking of my upcoming six month anniversary. Fortunately, with the help of some awesome EWB staff (Mina, Wayne, and Romesh), a plan was devised to refocus and rejuvenate – a cross Ghana motorcycle trip!, And by the time we went to bed, all this had piled up I realize it's not all that much in the big scheme of things, but we're Texans...we're only used to seeing that much of the white fluffy stuff about once every 10 years., He also follows Bumpy's example, and doesn't live a flashy gangster life, not wanting to put a target on his back, as he tells Huey. This is of course difficult, as it can conflict with "being somebody." A part of Frank wants to brag and show off his status. He gives in to this only one time, wearing the chinchilla coat his wife bought him, and buying seats for the Ali - Frazier match that are themselves a statement about his status. It's this one departure from his routine that puts him on everyone's radar, both Trupo, and Richie Roberts taking notice. Lucas gets his mistake, as Trupo is happy to help point it out. He burns the coat symbolically, but it's already too late, the word is out., Only two questions remain:, If you would like to suggest other survey vehicles that we may not be familiar with, please do so in the comments section. And yes readers, there might be a slight bias detected in the questions, since we are run by a group of civic-minded citizens pressing for action., God word is True not because it worked for me but because it is TRUTH., Make no mistake New Vegas is almost exactly the same as Fallout 3. You are saved (as opposed to being born in 3), create your character and then set off out into the big, wide, world., What are the basics, “But why didn’t you ring the gate bell?”, You know why something comes back is because of your attachment to some pleasure. That is not the other’s mistake. Suppose you had some pleasure, someone had given you some pleasure, and then they have cheated you or they did a mistake, you can forgive that mistake, but what comes back is your craving for pleasure. When you see that it is just an illusion, you become more centered., To all the undeserving, The CCMA ruled against his parents, who agreed on a payout in favour of Modise., Do you think that the motive of Obama’s plan may be more political than economic? Does this effort seem to be one which will make a legitimate difference or simply a way to appeal to voters in an election year?, “Stephanie’s dedication to our mission, vision, and values has earned her this recognition,” said Dan DeGroot, Community Memorial Hospital CEO., A super easy, great tasting dish made complicated by myself - I forgot I was out of garam masala, but knew I had enough ingredients that I could make a batch. Which added an easy 20 minutes to my prep. I also over cooked my potatoes so they weren't as firm as they should have been for the frying bit. ((sigh)) some nights are like that. Still, this was great on it's own and would be good as a side to some tandori style chicken thighs., She was 17. She took her own life., Also announced is The Elder Scrolls Online. In development at Zenimax Online for the past 'several years', the game will be set a thousand years before the events of Skyrim and see three factions fighting for control of Cyrodiil and the entire continent of Tamriel. Based on the Game Informer article, it sounds like the entire continent of Tamriel will be available for players to traverse and fight over. To be honest, it sounds a little MMORPG-by-the-numbers, but then few settings would suit that as well as the Elder Scrolls world. The game will be released in 2013 on PC and Mac., It’s all the everyday things we leave out that make it real., The investigation states that interviews revealed “antagonism and divisive behaviour and spirit” and “ an air and culture of infighting and discontent” and “a culture of mistrust ” ., She rhythmically knocked down the cobwebs, and, I actually looked pretty on Easter Day. Nice makeup. My hair behaved. My cheapo dress went perfectly with my heels and I had a pretty pedicure to match. The Girl looked pretty in her white sundress and pink shrug sweater. The boys all looked great - new polos, even. Hubby had a suit on. But do you think we got even ONE pic of this? No. Not even one., I’ve also signed up for the Hook, Line, and Sinker blogfest, which looks like a lot of fun. If I don’t post an entry for that on February 13th, remind me, okay? I have this horrible habit of forgetting blogfests that I’ve committed too. Hopefully, I’ll have the first 1000 words or so of ‘The Scroll’ ready to tease by then., Polygonal Lasso Tool (L) Click at different points to create vertices of a polygonal shape. Close the selection by moving your cursor to the beginning and clicking once, or pressing the Enter key., For comparison, using mean world temperature data, the hottest years on record are, in order of maximum extreme temperature:, mother and his sister is still, to this day, hard to, the same village,, For what you couldn't, are baking the dough on a pizza stone, you may place your toppings on the dough, and bake immediately. If you are baking your pizza in a pan, lightly oil the pan, and let the dough rise for 15 or 20 minutes before topping and baking it., I heard a choir of angels sing and a bright light appeared above one particular pair of shoes. I slowly walked over and there on the shelf was a pair of 1960’s Salvadore Farragamo reptile skin pumps. My breath caught in my chest, everything else in the room went blurry as I reached out to touch the holy grail of shoes. Then from out of no where a hand reached out and snatched them from the shelf. I fell to my knees and screamed “NOOOOOO!!!!!! I wasn’t done petting them.” Then just as the little boy in the final scenes of the movie Shane I screamed out “Come BACKKK!” sniffle, sniffle “PLEASE COME BACK!!!!!”, 1 accidental, Harry Morgan, best known to television audiences as M*A*S*H's Col. Sherman Potter, was never what you'd call a star. Yet he was almost never out of work — which is as good a sign of his talent and our enduring affection as any., “Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain. Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death, because it was not possible that he should be held by it.”, Wednesday, April 6 - Mohawk - Austin, TX, Oh, and I got my new couch! (But not my new orange armchair. In a few weeks, they say.) And, I got a new coffee table and end table, too. Here they are, with far too many animals:, I am doing this stitch from top to bottom - that is how 100 Stitches demonstrates the stitch. A helpful tip from the Mary Corbet video is to draw three parallel guidelines - it makes all the difference to doing this stitch! I drew mine spaced 1/8" apart:, May 4th: Sun King Tapping Party, The river and the park, set in a large grove of trees, was exceptional for the Prairies, and made an appealing setting for a picnic. It was like the gathering of a large family there. Some were enticed to come who only seldom attended church ., Chuck’s going into month #3 of being a stay-at-home dad, and some days I feel like the dude. Take yesterday. I called home to see if he and Junior would be up for a lunch date. When Chuck told me Junior was still napping, I said, “Well, I guess it’s silly to come home.”, Another question out there, more immediate at the moment, is Iraq. "Should we stay in Iraq or should we get out?", Although the fell tops were clear, and there was little prospect of rain, a heavy north-easterly was going to be challenging according to the mountain forecast. A heavy blanket of haze visible from the valley floor confirmed the forecast – plenty of dust blowing around., Well, we're home now, and I'm pretty excited to get back to work on the website. However, I'm not excited about tomorrow- I'm working at the restaurant for their NYE extravaganza which goes until about 6 am. Better rest up!, Speaking from the White House, the president lambasted Republicans for what he cast as a refusal to compromise, arguing that the nation faces a possible “deep economic crisis- one caused almost entirely by Washington.”, Yoochun: Okay, we know!, I was a little curious how it was going to go with Bob, we didn't get along all that great when I worked there. Looking back, I am quite ready to take the blame for that. I suspect that as a brash youth, I was unable to recognize that we were very much alike and I probably should have known just to keep my mouth shut. Though much better now, that is something that I have had to work on for my entire career. Bob ended up retiring from Cal-Fire as a B.C. and still lives in town. We had a nice chat, it was good speaking with him. I wish him well., We want to hear from you: What can we do to better represent the many people, departments, institutes, divisions and schools that make up the Quinnipiac community? In addition to contacting us through our social media platforms, you can call me at 203-582-3479 or email me at jamie.deloma@quinnipiac.edu., Literally take time out. Escape for 15 minutes every day for a quiet time – reading, meditation, a hot bath, or a power nap can help. Better still, go for a walk., He should leave politics within the perimeters of the political front and not politicize issues and bringing it to the doorsteps of the education arena., Love Les Soldes this year: there's nobody there. I wandered round Le Bon Marche on the first day last week and it was positively empty - though I returned later with a friend after work to find things were hotting up a little., Hot flushes, tears, flippant bloody moods. The house has gone to shit and I am drowning in it., We'll have an amazing giveaway every week so make sure to check in Monday's to find out what you can win!, We’ll have our beauty sleep and tomorrow we’ve planned to venture a bit further along the coast…, ... Hmm, some of you may be wondering. If all of this is so standard and so healthy and so fine, how come there is such hullabaloo about mixing? Mixes are uses of several languages in one utterance or, more generally, in a communicative exchange. They’re sometimes called codeswitches, codemixes, blends. “Mix” is a neater word, I find. I also wonder quite a lot about the mix fuss, so I propose to talk about it in my next post., PAP MP for Nee Soon East Patrick Tay Teck Guan has denied meeting a homeless Malay resident Sapiah during his Meet-the-People session., Catherine is not an angel either, she is just as selfish and self-centered as Heathcliff is. They both feel superior to all other people and think if they hurt other people it is justified, because all others are weak sheep. The reason they have for loving each other so much is that they are so much alike, and it so they just love another side of themselves that they see in the other person., Place the parcels in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet, spray with low calorie cooking spray and bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden and crisp. Remove from the oven and serve warm with the hara chutney., Enough of this game, most malicious mistress., Santa was intrigued by the face-blindness thing (which I don't have completely, but I'm sure there's a spectrum, as with most things). I explained that I struggle with features, but distinctive hair helps, and I recognize peoples' voices and even their gaits pretty well. I told him the most challenging folks to recognize are my 5'8"/5'9" short-haired, brown-haired, brown-eyed male students. The others had left the conversation by now, and he said he'd stop detaining me and go find his kid, but he asked if I would recognize him now. He pointed out his long-ish hair. He had me look into his eyes, pointing out that they're not brown. He said he was not 5'9". I was standing next to him, in heels, and I stood higher than his shoulder, which I had used as a gauge with my very tall ex-husband, so I guessed he was 6'2". He said "yep, 6'2", and not in bad shape for my age, either," pointing to his abs. It was the closest thing to flirting of the night. But I replayed the conversation in my mind a little later and recalled him saying what his wife did for a living. So even if he was flirting, it's moot as far as I'm concerned. But I'm not sure I will ever really know why men say some of the things they say... and don't say other things. But that's a topic for another night., Despite the racial difference between the shooter and the decedent, there were no allegations of racial bias. Scott was not charged with a hate crime. There was no Federal civil rights investigation. There were no white protests. The case was settled for what it was: a tragedy caused by a series of poor decisions on behalf of the shooter, and a split-second decision that will forever be second-guessed., the new, Jack scratched his head. "Where are these plates now?", The MCMC’s statement is the height of a bodoh sombong attitude., Their eyes coming to rest, Hooking all of the plumbing back up., Love was farce and loneliness was truth,, Penguinbane is gone. Our dear beloved Newt Gingrich. Although he made unrealistic statements about space, loved God, despised the left and was renowned for his interest in popular hygiene, Penguinbane somehow did not succeed in his ultimate quest to become President of the United States (POTUS). Coincidentally an anagram of POTUS is POUTS, and pouting being one of the myriad of reactions that comes to mind when I hear a little smidgeon of this on my television late at night., Each month also has an encouraging article written by some of my favorite Christian writers, such as Elisabeth Elliot., Panicked, I said, "No, not your best friend Amy!", I hope I will be inspired to do something like that for someone else today. I'm sure I'm paraphrasing here, but I remember a saying of Mother Theresa's that goes something like this, "Do no great things, only small things with great love.", The best bit about tonight was, as soon as I had run up the stairs to the bridge, there was lightning over Mt Coot-tha, and this continued for all the return run. Now, I was pretty sure my brother had said there was a great water fountain on the other side. There wasn't - it was just a dribble. The great water fountain is on this side., Most watercolourists combine crisp and soft edges in their work. I like the students to try a crisp edge approach for a few reasons. First of all, it’s also a ‘light to dark’ process and this is a useful and proven way to plan a watercolour painting. Secondly, it stresses brush-handling and the focus is on making articulate shapes and marks., By far the best site for ‘Woolf-hole-craig’ is Wolf Craigs (or Wolf Crag on one OS map), which lies at the southern tip of West Cairnhill by the Baddinsgill Burn., John Donne was the original metaphysical poet. Fellow poet John Dryden wrote of him: "He affects the metaphysics, not only in his satires, but in his amorous verses, where nature only should reign; and perplexes the minds of the fair sex with nice speculations of philosophy, when he should engage their hearts, and entertain them with the softnesses of love.", Readers of the Saturday Daily Telegraph in Sydney may have noticed the above article written by food editor Grant Jones on "The secret world of culinary bloggers", a somewhat odd title given the very public sphere in which we publish the minutiae of our lives and meals., No biggie – just move the strike around a little, or chisel out a little from behind it, and you’ll be good to go!:, I put this to use quite often for all types of batter grinding and on one such day, I took some pictures of the process.....and sharing them through this post., The other problem for UKIP is that they claim to be a libertarian party but aren't. If most of their members looked at what libertarianism actually is they would be horrified. Of course to many people today libertarianism is a nice flag of convenience, that is the case with UKIP. Apart from the EU the membership would split down the middle on any other serious issue. That's why it is, and will remain, a single issue party., Enter Mark Twain, I've been thinking a lot about tension in a story. How to build it. How to keep it. How to dole out answers to the questions you've been asking and still building suspense., Even more shiny and some die-cut rookies:, The missing teeth, of course, are simple, obvious truths, truths available and comprehensible even to ten year-olds, in most cases., We’ll only get back to searching for love…all in the wrong places., This is a story of bravery, action, loyalty and boy-meets-girl kind of love-and-hate., It is like a cowboy version of Vegas. In fact you can even get a shirt saying you have been to ‘Nash Vegas’. I opted for the cowboy hat…, Make them your priority, nothing is more important than your relationship with your child., Wednesday, April 4, and now i can really enjoy my presents, make plans for the year, throw myself into my new job, go shopping with all the money i will be making, travel, and relish in the freedom i have right at this moment., The where of no-thingness, just overflowing compassion, This week I have been concentrating on preparing for a few things. I have made plans to have a pedicure and a massage next week so I can get some “me” time in before your sister arrives. I have also been working with a friend from church on our mission in your name. I am really excited about it and we are going to present it to the congregation on your birthday. I’ll be sure to tell you all about how it goes and what’s behind all of it! I’ve packed pretty much everything for our hospital trip and prepared your little sister’s nursery this week too. I’m planning on installing car seats this weekend. Everything is falling into place and I can’t believe she’ll actually be here in less than two weeks., 1/4 c quick- cooking tapioca, (photo above by Ryan Price Photography-check out his website! www.ryanpricephoto.com), the secret is all that you're worth, Her ears were deaf with mockery thus she savors the lines that say she is special., But sophomore year was the year of my undoing. It started off with the unbelievable tragedy that was 9/11, which made me look at my priorities and doubt that I wanted to be so far away from my family. Then two more major switches, including one into the honors math program, where I took Calculus III and IV simultaneously to catch up with the other seven students in the program who were all brilliant. The most brilliant and intimidating one was a math genius from a local high school. I felt like a very small fish in a big pond., 1) The EDL are now an illegal organisation, and a day by the pool..., I think by the time E and the B started we'd finally found everyone. Another solid show, but nothing fantastic. Nosegref, Crack, and I left just when they started cranking through the hits so we could get to Emo's for Zox., Sleeping here alone, Up mountains to the milky stones, After this first genocide to target the Boer nation, their descendants still managed to cling to their identity for at least another generation - until the secret cabal of wealthy Afrikaners called the Afrikaner Broederbond gaine hegemony -- and then took away their identity from about 1933 onwards., …Even though they were talking about church and God, they were both aware of the underlying current. They were inches away from each other across the table and the heat they both seemed to be generating was beginning to set sparks flying., “Sounds to me as if it’s herself she’s unsure about.”, The long and short of our bedroom story is that we moved into our townhouse mid-Feb of 2010. Mid-April I hosted our housewarming party. We had two months to move our stuff, unpack and get decorated. Two months is not a lot of time to start decorating a home, let alone finish it. When I look back at photos from that time, our house was BARELY done. Not a wall painted. Not a curtain hung. Barely any wall art (most of it laid on the floor in our guest room). But, I was so excited just to have a home, and I knew if I waited for it to be "finished" that I would never have the chance to host a housewarming party, and I was really really excited about it. So, I let go of my undecorated fears and threw it all to the wind. I figured I would try to get as much done as I could, but what I couldn't do, well, I couldn't do., Except the chickens wouldn’t use the door., Therefore, after contemplating the thought that my ass really is reaching epic proportions, I remembered that a few weeks ago Keely mentioned that she was going to start the Couch to 5K running plan, and I was all like, "Couch to 5K? That sounds like something I could do. Well, at least the couch bit," so I got all excited, looked it up, and downloaded the app for my phone. Unfortunately, though, this in itself did not lead to the fat-melting-off-my-ass moment I was hoping for, so yesterday I finally resigned myself to the fact that I might have to actually *gasp* run (no really, that is me gasping for air at the mere thought of running.) Now, because I am such a fair skinned girl and prone to burning when I am outside for more than 5 seconds (and NOT because I am lazy and didn't want to actually go OUTSIDE *shudder*,) I elected to run on a treadmill in our building's gym., Here's how you make it:, Incidentally, Angola continued with its civil war long after the SADF withdrew troops from the country. The Angolan Civil War finally ended in 2002, eight years after South Africa’s first democratic elections in April 1994, --- the end of the so-called “Apartheid Regime”., It’s his biggest day as a preschooler., Papers : Afternoon Muse Pack by Glitz Design, The Street Lace by DCWV, Do it for wrights pies, What really interested me about Speed & Power was the science fiction stories. The magazine reprinted 27 stories by Arthur C. Clarke and 4 by Isaac Asimov, serialised over the 87 issues. The majority were illustrated by Mike Whittlesea and to this eleven-year-old they were an inspiration. Science fiction wasn't new to me as I'd watched Star Trek, read some of the James Blish adaptations and even one or two novels — a couple by Edgar Rice Burroughs, including A Princess of Mars and The Gods of Mars, and some of John Creasey's Doctor Palfrey global catastrophe stories, for instance., Stage 4: Baby survivalOnce you bring that bundle of joy home you realize that it is going to be hard enough to raise the child when you need ot focus the next 18 years just keeping him alive. There are outlets that are perfectly fork-sized, the blades on the ceiling fan turn way too fast and thank God you got rid of that life sized storm trooper, he would have fallen on the baby., Luckily, you can't move so fast in a big fat Buddha suit, nor can you really find anyone at a Mardi Gras ball with maybe 2,000 people dancing. Not to mention, my fiance was holding me back., 08/06/2010 BUY 0.01 usdjpy 85.45 08/10/2010 85.93 +5.59, Throughout history there have been leaders who have tried to dominate the world, and all were successful to a point, but failed miserably in achieving total domination. There will always be people who will refuse, who will reject, all attempts to shove something down their throats. There will always be rebels., Mother Jones passed away today in 1930. Jones was a famous labor organizer., During my stint, I urged users to follow the national advice for everyone to use their library cards to take out their full complement of books.The librarian (I had of course checked with her) had said that was twenty each. You can see how enthusiastically some of the teenagers took up this idea., Rumi wrote: “Unkindness from the wise is better than kindness from the ignorant.”, it's like Claire made them just for me so I could make things just for her!, 6. For the few outfits you will bring, make sure all the colors match, so you can wear any top and bottom together. Or just wear dresses., Unfortunately, my reference for that, Clem Lloyd’s two books on the history of Australian journalism, are still packed in cartons from my recent move. I can see 12 book cartons from my desk, but they are not catalogued, so finding what I want this morning is not going to be easy., In a “Sixty Minutes” segment, Obama had said the economy was suffering from “structural problems that have been building up for two decades.” Most observers concede that both Clinton and Bush43 did a good job in guiding the economy during their terms, but not Obama., you would think this man who is only one step above, 8And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication., But I had a very nice, gentle curve which is what the doctor wanted to see. She still sent my bloodwork out for a frucotsamine level, but based on the curve she saw, she dropped me down to 1unit of Lantus 2x a day. I’m so happy!!!, My camera was getting a bit wet, Matthew 26: 59-60:, He figured he'd crawl outside to get some fresh air, since maybe that would sober him up. Once outside, he stood up and fell flat on his face. So he decided to crawl the four blocks to his house., Melt the chocolate chips in a double boiler or microwave, according to the package instructions for melting. Using a skewer, a mini spatula, a spoon—whatever works—roll or dip the balls in the melted chocolate and place on the wax paper. You may have to patch up the sides with melted chocolate (this is where the mini spatula comes in handy) if the candies come out a little rough. If you’ve got any fingers free from melted chocolate, sprinkle a pinch of Kosher or sea salt on top. Place in the refrigerator or freezer for a little while to set up., The only problem with these super cute pillows are the children., 4 Davis, P. (2006) Report on ab initio language teaching in UK language degree programmes, Subject Centre for Languages, Linguistics and Area Studies, This salad is a diet salad. The dressing is very low in oil and thusly, low fat. It’s composed of one part tangerine juice, one part rice vinegar, and one part canola oil with a pinch of ground coriander, a pinch of cayenne pepper, a pinch of garlic powder, a pinch of dried marjoram, a little kosher salt, and a little ground white pepper., He was replaced with Molly, a cocker spaniel who would snarl and growl if you got too close. She went nearly as soon as she came. Miko came next, the poor black and white shih-tzu with an overbite; she was dumb as a bag of rocks. But she was sweet and I bawled my eyes out when we finally had to put her down 17 years later when I was a grown adult. Before she died, we got Maddie, the most precious puppy I had ever seen. She was a Wheaten Terrier, and eventually became frightened of almost everything, everyone, and everywhere. We put her on doggie Xanax, and that helped a bit. She was my dad’s best friend. Truly. We didn’t think we could ever replace her. Darby though, was leaps and bounds better than Maddie personality-wise. She was the best, and out of the blue, as a very young dog, got sick and died in my parents arms., In a gallon ziploc bag mix together four to five cups of rice. Add 2 tablespoons rubbing alcohol. Add a generous amount of food coloring (I’d say about a tablespoon or a healthy squirt from your three-year-old)., Ministry is a marathon – not a 50-yard dash. It’s tough. You’re in an invisible war where all kinds of forces are conspiring to keep you from doing what God wants you to do., He tried to get me to endorse his candidature. I refused. It didn’t matter, he was elected anyway, as Peter had predicted. In the following years he became something of a legend in College, making regular speeches and harangues and was re-elected to Union positions regularly. I have no idea how the various other people involved in the union managed him., The Washington Post criticized the McCain campaign for calling Raines an adviser to Obama, even though that fact was reported in the Washington Post itself on July 16th. The technicality and the spin here is that Raines is not officially listed as an adviser. But someone who advises is an adviser, whether or not his name appears on a letterhead., Have you ever been to a movie premiere? I have never been to a real live premiere but just recently attended one online. I hope this is the newest trend because it was a lot of fun! I was invited to attend the event with other bloggers. Not only did we get to watch the movie together from the comfort of our own home but we had a chat window! So we got to chat, make comments, etc during the movie! Really, it was a blast. Then if that wasn't enough excitement we had a Q & A session right after the film with the Director and two of the actors!, So, you are seeing, all of you, are seeing, oh, you call it synchronicity or the ability to create, working with universal law — all of this is true. But it is also you ascending. That is why I keep saying it is not an event on a certain day. Many of you are well ahead of schedule. The collective, humanity, is well ahead of schedule. And you are going to take a quantum leap with this energy that is being gifted to you from the heart of One over the next month., Baked Squash And Apples, a) Straight sided with a slightly oval tip - Allow the sides to grow straight and slightly round the tip, this shape provides the maximum support for the nail (as this is provided by the sides of the nails), also if either side of the nail is damaged it can be filed into a slightly oval shape to maintain the length., 7) If I hated a race, I might campaign to flood all of their countries with millions of people that are not their race, and tell everyone to “mix in”, until no people of that kind were left. If anyone objected, I would scream R-word! at them and get them fired from their jobs., Dimensions: 0.00 in x 0.00 in x 0.00 in (0.0 cm x 0.0 cm x 0.0 cm), Peace all. Kitty, but Shine., The DT members may have changed but our aims remain the same - to inspire and challenge you (and ourselves) to make cards, no matter what your style and no matter what your experience is. We remain open to all, have no allegiance to any company and we actively encourage as much variety as possible - we definitely do not judge one card above another so when we offer prizes winners are always chosen at random., Did I mention it's a BIG hill?, A civil servant grandee is emulating the repressive accents normally reserved to the enforcement crowd in the Police contingent., Her response, “You flatter me sir, but I fear this to be their last fan they create for me, as they lost everything in their overseas investments when the bubble burst, and are about to go bust. It grieves me so, for they are the finest purveyor of fans in London and without them I will be at a loss. The money they need to survive is so great that, like their beautiful fans, they are destined to fold.” Expressed my deep regret at hearing this news, and consoled her in my belief that perhaps all is not yet lost for them. NOTE: This a.m. I anonymously sent the monies required to Messrs Fraigneau & Foulkes, thus saving the shop for her., 2) Puppet mayors of Tammany Hall, driven by corruption, though occasionally by sudden late-day resistance against the powerful Democratic machine that put them into power, Today i would like to show you a little tag i made, and a little tutorial i made over at Copic Marker Europe blog. I think this will be my first tut ever, at least i cant remember that i would have done any before :)., Another couple of photos. Takes like an hour to upload each one, so I can’t post all that I had hoped:, I can't wait till all of these kids drop out after the midterms. Fuck newfags who don't even have the decency to put a minimal effort into learning the material., X Owner consent form, if not property owner;, Chizuko Judy Sugita de Queiroz was nine years old when her family was forced to sell their home in Orange County, CA in order to report to internment in Poston, AZ. Her dad sold his bonsai nursery to Walter Knott, of Knott's Berry Farm, with an agreement that he could buy it back after the war. When they returned in 1946, Walter Knott failed to honor his contract. Her dad lost all of the stock to his business, and their personal possessions had been stolen., "They were saying things like, 'she's fat but she'll be easy, and things like that'," she told the police., As stories in a best-of-the-year volume ought to be., Did you not realize that these problems awaited you and that you were responsible to fix them?, and care for her in return., Update: 7/14/11 A tribute to Phoenix. “Phoenix”, the baby eagle in the photos above, died a year ago today. It was such a sad day for the 1000's of us who had watched her hatch and grow., It sleeted a few times as Cristina slept, just as the weatherman said it would, but not enough to destroy the remaining snow. Fortunately, the temperature stayed a few degrees below freezing all day. The clouds were beginning to break as we went to pick Donald up. My gamble, an "occurrence" and a day's pay, was going to pay off, but just barely., “God is our refuge and strength, an ever present help in trouble.” Psalm 46:1, Even on the day his wife entered the hospital to have their first child, a child the doctors had told them may never be possible........, To learn a little more about this company and enter to win a really great 5 in 1 puch by Envirosax click here, The smallest child knows right from wrong. Even babies know right from wrong. The story has been told of an ethnic family and the baby in arms, who could have barely said a few words, referring to his daddy as “uncle Blackman’. The mother was petrified because she never had the conversation with the child but somehow he knew there were differences., For the cheesecake, Barley Island BarFly (IPA), Sixteen year old Hope Walton's life went off the rails when she learned was told her mom was killed in a foreign earthquake. All the pills in the world couldn't numb that pain. When her aunt visits her rehab center and asks for help on a project, Hope assumes she means scrapbooking or maybe knitting. She was wrong., (Yes, I am hoping this boosts my TpT followers from 99 to 100!), In the Indian tradition there’s a term for events that make an impression: karma. Literally the word means “action” in Sanskrit, but karmas are actions that change us, for good or ill, by leaving a memory that causes action to change in the future. For the moment we won’t talk about the Law of Karma, which says that actions are balanced in the cosmos between good and evil, or as the New Testament states it, “as you sow so shall you reap.” Here, I’m only concerned with the stressful side of karma, by which certain life events make a deep impression while others don’t., Some tweets even referred to the coded messages broadcast by the Free French over Radio London to Resistance fighters in France during the Second World War., What d'you reckon?, Apalachi (2nd), Vic Venturi (UR 20th); 2011 In Compliance 13th; Vic Venturi (BD 2nd), "Oh miss! What is your soup du jour?", It was a HOT day! So glad we decided to involve water in our outdoor activity for the day. We also made sure to stop by the only Jamba Juice in the whole state and satisfy our smoothie cravings (or maybe just my smoothie craving) Mmmm they were good! I LOVE Jamba Juice!, Sixth, I believe in the brotherhood of all English-speaking peoples. In spite of my desire for political independence from Washington DC, that does not mean I harbour animosity toward any other English-speaking people, neither toward my Yankee and Canadian cousins up North, nor toward my English and Australian blokes across the ponds. We are all part of a great and glorious Anglosphere, and there is no shame in celebrating that. It is our common heritage and our common bond. I look forward to the day when all Anglosphere countries (including Dixie) will stand united in a commonwealth of brotherhood that respects our individual sovereignty as independent nations, yet promotes our economic and cultural well-being as common peoples. The future world I see for the English-speaking people is bigger and better than the one that currently exists., Dressed in a flowing white tunic and with a mellifluous and eloquent voice, she makes an odd pair with Merlis, whose bald head and Brooklyn accent peg him as a surly police captain straight out of central casting. But their artsy-gritty counterbalance forms an appropriate partnership in producing a book about Gowanus., part of, music. . .Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, Sis- " honestly! I should have never involved you that's my wrong. what u did is sooo fucked up, I'll never understand it. now that she is ok with her job, nothing to talk about", Generally, my training has yet to reach a plateau and therefore most races are an improvement on the last one, the question is less about PR, but about reaching new goals. My hope has been for a sub 40 10k, but I have yet to achieve this, and think that even with a really fast run, 41 is more likely, but hey weird stuff happens…, It really weird how we have come to depend on a mobile phone so much, I know I can be without one, can you? Yes I really can, I remember at one stage my ex didn’t want me to on mine , so I did not, it was good, the only thing I missed was my sms’s from my dad n sisters, and my mom’s calls… it brought us alot closer though.:), 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, The visual imagery and the soundtrack are both of very high quality and very hard to describe in words. You must see it. If you are in Washington DC before May 13th, and that does not give you lots of time, you must go and see it. It is playing every day from sundown to midnight., Those unbelieving sailors and prisoners had an advantage. The apostle Paul was on board the ship. God had a plan in mind and it involved everyone staying live. Were they to die they would have no further opportunity of hearing the Gospel or believing it. Satan wanted them dead for that very reason. God had plans to spare their life and Paul told them that no one of them would die but the ship would be destroyed. Only Paul knew that God was working all things together for good. Paul would be spared. As long as God had a job for him to do he was immortal., So what you ask is my role as VP? Well, right now really nothing. I helped a lot on the front end with design, content and concept of the website and business plan. Now that things are in motion I lend moral support and business counsel for Elements. I may not be out there digging ponds and laying pavers but this company is very much a passion of mine as I know Joe is living out his dream and *hopefully* one day I can join the Elements team full time in the office once there are little Hawleys running around., What’s gonna happen? The sun will blast us from afar and we might get a bit brown. Yeah!, One cable noted that a top Interior Ministry counter-drug official had complained that U.S. cooperation on drug interdictions was “often one-sided” and that Cuba wanted to work more closely with U.S. officials in sharing information about trafficking in the region., While many people will ask you when your wedding is and tell you they are excited for the big day it's up to you and your groom, and your budget, to decide who is on that final guest list. Don't add someone who you don't want there because they think they'll be invited. And definitely don't add people you can't afford to have., A story in the history of this popular British carol caught my eye. The carol was first published by an Irish bishop in 1684. Vaughn Williams apparently heard it sung in Sussex, England, and wrote down the text and tune. The tune we generally hear today is the Vaughn Williams tune of 1919., Oh, you're still here? Well, in that case, allow me to direct you to this post and ask you kindly to vote in the latest Fun-Time Hall of Fame poll - currently featuring the Cleveland Indians of yore. Thanks!, Recently I've had to deal with a bit of swearing from my 8 year old. Which of course means that the 6 year old has been getting in on the act too. They are just starting to get their heads round it and have been testing the waters with such gems as "Blooming heck" (I'm Northern, okay?!) and "Bloody damn it!". I've not been too concerned because, believe it or not, I don't actually swear in front of my kids. Oh don't get me wrong, I am an expert at swearing under my breath and I am super professional at swearing through gritted teeth, but not that they can hear above the TV. This is what has happened recently:, We got all the holiday baking done, and I passed out all the holiday goodies. I've almost got all the presents distributed for the nieces/nephews, so that's a weight off my shoulders. When we went to FIL's, he wasn't home. But his wife was, step-MIL... who had to sneak in a comment about how FIL ended up with only grandsons so far, and how her niece is pregnant with a girl... okay then, insert awkward pause where we ignored her comment, and then she changed the subject (see past comments from step-MIL here)., Ok… there was a crab race. Hermit crabs going for gold and heaps of tourists betting on the winner. So funny! Felt a bit bad for the crabs, but I guess they needed some excitement in their lives and who best to give them that but some drunken backpacker named Zack spending his last Fijian dollars in boosting the crab’s ego?, The base is basic black. The designer paper is from Stampin Up and is layered on white card stock. The piano keys I got off the internet and layered on white. Added some musical note brads, flowers with black flower brads and and shimmery bow., Also watch Nebraska, Iowa, South Dakota to the NW.. and Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia to the SE., When in doubt, Analyse, as one of my good friends used to say to me. Not having a suitable Tektronix protocol analysers lying around the place (as he used to), I went looking for something a little more modest., Once again I’m struck by how young these folks are. The oldest of them might be in his mid-30s. Are these truly the leaders of a coup that seems to have toppled what had been one of West Africa’s most stable regimes? Or are there more senior figures somewhere pulling the strings? It’s also noteworthy that these troops are rank-and-file, not from special units like the parachute regiment or presidential guard. I wonder how and whether they will be able to command the loyalty of their peers in other military units., And that rowdy attitude, Guilty as charged., very lovely - very sumptuous in their look, but very human as, The sweet potatoes were tossed with olive oil, salt and pepper and baked at 425°F for 35 minutes, flipping halfway through cooking., And I will have nothing planned in the form of a craft, project or poem on the blog here like the other bloggers. They have been furiously pounding out the Mama Day crafts for weeks around these parts and have I contributed anything?, “Diabetes & Weight Control” will be held Thursday, April 26, from 2:30 to 4 p.m. at the Riverview Diabetes & Nutrition Center, 1041 Hill Street, Wisconsin Rapids. The cost of the workshop is covered by many insurance programs. For cost and registration information, please call 715-421-7566., Yep. He sure was. He went right around my car, running over a flare as he did so, and then began trying to angle around the car that was being pushed by my other officers., i bet you oily skinned ladies are staring with disbelief at those two little words! not only am i skipping powder, i am using all cream products. my arsenal:, I love shooting the moon!, If it’s a crime to take some pictures of a girl, For one, I went winetasting, got pretty buzzed, and then got offered a new job. But that was probably the least exciting surprise., What I’m struggling with now is what to do with them!, With both clerics and wizards all having detect magic at will, there was a lot of detecting going on. Like search beams throughout the entire dungeon and like tri-corders inspecting every find, these detectors could find and strip any magical object down to its bare bones in seconds. I tried to dampen the rampant magic and described many things like the potions for example, by their knowledge, rather than glowing, like by its pink bubbly fizz the wizard knew the levitation, and by its rich orange flavor, the cure light wounds. I like the division of arcane and divine powers that is so drastic in fourth edition, and it seemed like clerics and wizards should not overlap in thei detection. When, for example, a cleric cast detect magic on a looted wand, I described it as having s slippery feeling, and that she needed to hand it to a wizard for proper detection. Other than that, I really didn’t mind the ease with which magic items were detected, and the fact that wands had charges, and would run out eventually, added some coolness to it., I mentioned to you before Christmas that I am helping my daughter renovate her first apartment. I have to tell you that I love a renovation... especially when it is a total make-over... The sound of the saws, the drills and the hammers is music to my ears; the smell of wet plaster and paint is like a sweet fragrance to me. I understand that for some, building is a chore and a drama that they would sooner live without - for me, it is pure pleasure., Another possibility, often used in the films of Cronenberg, is to have an object slowly mutate from scene to scene, as if it were nearly alive or possessed by a force from beyond. Maya Deren presents perhaps one of the earliest examples of this by means of the mutation between knife, shard of mirror, and key in Meshes of the Afternoon (1943). We see something similar yet more nuanced happen in Cronenberg’s Videodrome (1983), as the protagonist’s gun-hand mutates each time we see it., I sliced the loaf horizontally into two, spread some meat sauce (minced beef cooked with some chopped onions and ready made tomatoe-based pasta sauce...very much like cooking a simple bolognese sauce) and topped it with mozzarella cheese before popping it into the oven. The meal was prepared under 15 minutes...with minimal preparation, cooking, and cleaning., What with the bubba having a throat infection and the Frog being in Germany I've had a couple of days to concentrate on writing this week and do writerly stuff. I wrote a few chapters on the wip. I'm not altogether happy with them, but it did make me think: 'What is the purpose of these chapters?' and I think I've got that pretty clear in my head now., so we were so excited when we found these Tretorns marked down 1/2 price with another 20% off!!, December 18 - Vaclav Havel, Czech president (1989-2003), 75, *Wonderful Tonight – Eric Clapton, For the last three weeks or so, I went to the dr. each week and when she would check my cervix, I was not appearing to be dilating at all. Finally at 39 weeks, we talked about some things we could do to "ripen" my cervix to see if we could get me going. So, 2 weeks ago, I went to the hospital to have some gels inserted to ripen my cervix (yes, it's just as fun and comfortable as it sounds!!!) Went back to Dr. on Friday and still nothing.. we made a plan to have me go in on Wednesday, 7/13, evening, have Cervidil (another ripening albeit more strong gel) inserted and then the following morning, we'd check me and if I had made progress, we'd induce and if not, we'd go for a c-section. Honestly, was totally fine with that option. I went again on Tuesday morning to check things out and still nothing at all. So, I asked, "why would we even do cervidil if nothing else has worked, why wouldn't we just go ahead with a c-section".. she said it was my choice so I opted for a c-section, scheduled for Thursday, the 14th at 1:30...WELL, things did not go as planned b/c the next day, after we dropped my dad off for his dialysis (yes, my parents arrived almost a week early and just had to hang out and wait with me!! ) we headed to Target. In the car, I felt as if I might be peeing on myself and was like "you have got to be kidding me!!". So we got to Target, and I went to the bathroom, realized that I was not peeing, but my water had broken and came out to tell my mom. I called Tim to come get me while my mom finished up what she needed to do and then go get my dad. WE arrived at the hospital and determined that since I had just eaten (In N Out burger!!), I had to wait for 8 hours until we could go into surgery... so, that's what we did. Just wait and wait and wait!!! I was surprisingly calm until they came in to prep me and tell me what was going to go down.. then the nerves kicked in. I was wheeled into the operating room around 9ish and at 9:29, Mac came right out!!! Tim was very emotional, and I was just relieved!! Everyone kept saying how cute he was so I was anxious to see him!! When Tim brought him over to me, I just melted. It really is a miracle that he's here! If you know my story, we never thought this would ever happen for us and everything just went text book and perfect and now we have the most beautiful addition to our family., World's apart G and me., Now we’ve all been children and we’ve all had males as friends and we’ve all thought at one point it might be funny to see how your male friend would react if you “kicked him in the nuts”. You only make that mistake once. Nothing transforms a fun, laid back, male faster than having his pride bumped. As females, we sympathize and are apologetic for a long time, because we’ve never experienced something that could cause that much pain. Then we hit puberty, have our first period, and from that point on our sympathy card is gone. From then on its, “Get over it, have you ever had a period?”, 3B. Music and Listening Practices – TEL 217, If true, may he rest in peace. If true, this is a somber victory and should be regarded as such. No one wins when we make a martyr of anyone, and especially not when people figuratively spit on his grave. I'm truly sorry that this has to be the resolution of the whole terrible ordeal., For lovely eyes,, That alone seems to be a difficult point for both sides to resolve, however. Ms. Ambiga said the easiest way for the authorities to handle the problem is to simply lift the barriers to Merdeka Square – but that’s likely a move too far for Malaysia’s cautious leaders., Sumo Dead-lift High-Pull: 75 pounds. (Reps), Accidents can happen. Photos of damaged and destroyed turbines. Nuclear plants can have accidents too., 4) I don't like clowns much- I get a little freaked, and I feel like I'll cringe at the humour., Jab knocks Brian off blanace. Another hard leg kick by Chris., Here's a very simple tweak to make things look right again., Membranes in between the lobes of a succenturiate placenta can be torn during delivery resulting to massive blood loss. The small lobes can be retained in the uterus after delivery that could lead to severe maternal hemorrhage. This can be detected on inspection of the placenta at birth, where it appears torn at the edge. The remaining lobes must be removed from the uterus manually to prevent bleeding., 2 truck, I add a class or two of whatever I am interested in at the time, flavor it with writing, squeeze in some new friends, stir in some thought to finances, pour in heaping servings of church, a dab of farming, a bit of public speaking, some volunteer work , lots of reading and travel. Mix well with patience and sacrifice and bake with the love and forgiveness of God. Sprinkle plenty of laughter often and freely.Ta da here's Debra, a happy woman!, While completely unexciting but entirely satisfying, the first month was spent organizing the home and life I have created over the past 47 years, 13 of which have been spent in the same house. That’s nearly 28% of my life lived in the same house…not a long time by some standards but an eternity by others. It is 13 years of acquiring, collecting, and storing. Thirteen years that have included the many stages of my daughter’s lives (pre-school, soccer teams, music lessons, art classes…) and 13 years of additions to my husband’s tool collection (sigh!)., So here's what I did:, This made me laugh- it will make all you half-bloods out there laugh too. (Even if your god parent wants to kill you.) WATCH THE WHOLE THING!, I love the sparkly top and the deep rich flavor. This pairs up well with a straight shot of espresso, especially after the second day when the bread becomes just a little drier., Next up:, Friday’s times are 7:27 pm for the moon & 8:46 pm for the sun. (79 minutes), commentary tracks, on the first and last episodes, featuring Davies and Julie Gardner. They’re a reliably fun and informative couple of hours, which cover a great deal of ground and are well worth a listen. Only problem is, they were recorded after only the third episode had aired, so neither of them have any idea that the general public isn’t going to be eating this material up, although Davies confesses that he’s unsure if it’s going to be everyone’s cup of tea. Next up is the bonus web series entitled “Web of Lies,” which is similar in style to one of those animated motion comics. I don’t know exactly how this was presented on the internet, but here all the bits and pieces are edited together into one 30-minute piece. It tells two alternating tales – one in the past with Jack and Gwen, and another set concurrent with Miracle, In 1517 Martin Luther set off the Protestant revolution against the Catholic Church that led to the spread of the then-new movement as a response to the corruption of the Church. It took time for it to establish itself as an alternative and was greatly aided by the invention of printing and spread of literacy, but mostly because ordinary people had grown weary of the Church’s extravagance, poor governance, and resistance to change., As the girl headed out onto the pavement, her legs felt heavier, and her chest tightened. Her mother was waiting by the car., Thanks for following., As a Betrayed Spouse, there is no doubt that the most devastating event that occurred in my life was to discover that the person I love most on this entire earth is cheating on me. Seven years ago, I lost my father and that pain was nothing compared to this one. The betrayal will not only change a person physically but most of all, emotionally. If you have been touched by this kind of betrayal, you will lose weight and sleep; and sometimes, your sanity. As I am trying to survive the past and dealing with this daily, it makes me rethink about who I am and everything I have believed in all my adult life. Sadly, I now think that everything I have believed about Love and Commitment are just a fantasy. I don’t know if this is just the emotions talking but now, I no longer believe in “Love ever after”, not anymore. “Love at first sight”? Yeah right. ”Soul mates?” Hah, another fantasy. What a joke right?, Of his theory of the flood, which he thought was being accepted, Isaac Vail wrote:, Now all you have to do is figure out if you want small pockets, one big pocket etc and you can sew it how you need it. You could also add another pocket to the other side of the runner if you like, but in my case on the other side is the dogs kennel, so for right now this is all I need., We’ve met some really nice packs at the park, like the Iggy+Iggy+Whippet in the early afternoon crew and the Deerhound+Iggy+Iggy trio that Bowpi has flirted with in the past. One of the most exciting, and difficult groups to photograph (to me) is the Whippet+Whippet+(+Whippet?)+Iggy+Iggy+Iggy+Silken Windhound pack that I have tried so often to capture, all in vain., But you know what? I don't really care. My life 95% an open book, and that 5% isn't posted here LOL (This IS a PG rated blog, and I AM a married woman! HA!), Written by: David Whitaker., I enjoy writing. I like sharing stories about my kids. Sharing humor, and hopefully helping other moms see that perfection is not necessary., Lee Rocker - The Cover Sessions (EP), Someone I was never pals with, but he wasn't part of the enemy camp either., Only one Winner will be drawn, I'm talking about the danger from parental anger or judgment should something break., I read this blog at least 5 times a week; Mr. Creekmore has obviously invested a good quantity of time and effort on developing a top notch blog site. The articles, usually guest posts, are packed with information, well thought out and most importantly to me, varied. To my mind the backbone of this blog is the community that Mr. Creekmore has grown, called “The Wolf Pack”. These folks make this blog; not only helping to write contend but they comment freely, providing nuggets of information gleaned from experience. Another reason that I really like the wolf pack and Mr. Creekmore is that, while they might disagree with each other, the discussion is always well moderated and civil; there is nothing I detest more than vitriolic responses to posts., I do want to say a few words about yesterday's regrettable lapse in judgment without getting into too much detail. I wish to extend my sincerest apologies to the couple who contacted me through their attorneys. I chose your name at random and am very sorry (and surprised) that people took the trouble to look you up and make harassing telephone calls. I really thought people had better things to do with their time. I hope that what I have done to make amends is satisfactory to you. I was also surprised that so many people readily believed the patently absurd actions I jokingly attributed to Atrios. While I disagreed with his Blogroll Amnesty Day and I am not particularly delighted by such pieces as "Why Your Blog Sucks," he is certainly not as bad as all that and I am shocked that so many people would be ready to believe the worst about him. I hope he will accept my apology, though I guess I can give up all hope that he will ever link to me now., to the countless slings and arrows, So what should we look at, according to Meranus?, My friend Sid and I used to have a blast over IM. We thought we were so funny, we'd cut and paste our IM conversations and save them to Word. (Well, I did)., One question most people ask after watching “High Plains Drifter” is who exactly is the character played by Eastwood. The actor-director has said the stranger was originally written as the brother of the dead marshal of Lago. Eastwood even described the film as an extension of “High Noon”, where too the townspeople didn’t back the sheriff, and stranger and makes sure that they live with their guilt. Eastwood also said he played the stranger “more as an apparition” because that would leave some uncertainty for the audience., ”Northern is pleased that the successful Zaedyus oil discovery is to be quickly followed by a new drilling campaign. This will not only further delineate the discovery structure, but will also move forward to drill some of the similar prospects defined by 3D seismic in order to confirm the wider significant potential of this permit area covering the entire length of the prospective continental shelf edge of Guyane, a distance of about 200 kilometres.”, Most cities and towns have a "Main Street", but back in the day, many had a "Race Street" and/or "Trotter's Alley" as well., DiS: I have to ask you about a blog that appeared on your website a while back, Homage Or Fromage, which kind of named and shamed numerous television commercials where unauthorised copying of your music had taken place. It seemed to center largely around variations of 'Hoppipolla' which had been used to advertise all sorts of products. Have you spotted any more recently and has there ever been a time where you've been forced to pursue legal action against one of the perpetrators?, Most people really do not like these models due to the claws and such, however I think that they beautiful models. So full of character, and different from many of the sculpts past and since., Purification in the old Law did save,, It was a busy weekend. Sandy and family arrived Friday night. Had wonderful times with all 3 Kentucky grandchildren. Saw Christian be a little man, with his muscle shirt and jeans on, leading the quest to figure out how to unlock the door he locked. Alyssa and I talked about Haiti, and she told me what they had given up for Lent and who was being good at it and who wasn't. Nathan made me laugh harder than the time he fell down laughing because he saw me in lipstick., Ultimately the author’s narrative is disjointed and the lack of overarching thesis leaves the reader confused about the how the events described are interrelated. This is especially evident in the Schenk’s discussion of Christianity. The author spends the entire first part of his study examining and explaining what he sees as two strands of Christianity in Europe, the conservative and the radical, but then does not readdress religion until the final two pages. If these two competing strands of Christianity are central, the author needs to show throughout the study how they influence the social and political leaders of Europe. Also, Schenk’s ten page digression examining the trade competition between the Spain, United States, and Great Britain in Latin America seems excessive and should be shortened and clarified as too how this undermines the congress system. Furthermore, the examination of European nations in the second part is not connected to the other parts of the book with each chapter standing as an independent essay rather than a coherent examination of Europe under the congress system. Finally, Schenk never describes how he understands the Congress of Vienna or the congress system and how his country studies undermine this system. The lack of an overarching thesis and the inability to connect his chapters leaves the reader confused and unsure of the author’s objective and the importance of the book as a scholarly contribution., Commissioner Martens will release the full report at 11 a.m. Friday., Currently there is a system of compensation which is based on the principle that the unsuccessful party will be ordered to pay the costs of the successful party. If a claim is proven, the wrong-doer pays the legal costs of their negligence. If it is not, then the claimant pays the employer’s costs of defending the claim. In other words, only if a worker was injured because of the negligence of their employer does the employer have to pay the legal costs and compensation of a civil action., Flowers for my porch., I was talking with a really good guy-friend of mine over the weekend. We hadn’t spoken in awhile so we were catching up on the latest news in our lives, and he mentioned his girlfriend. Here’s how the conversation went:, We’re working on building our school’s food and gardening library as a resource for kids and teachers. There are tons of great books out there—picture books and nonfiction (see some of my book suggestions here). But one book that is a must-have is Kids in the Garden: Growing Plants for Food and Fun., “It doesn’t matter what the market is doing, I don’t say whether or not it’s a good time to buy,” association chief economist Cameron Muir said in an interview Monday. “That being said, I would suspect investors are actively looking in the marketplace for bargains. If you compare today vs. a year ago, investing in real estate is more attractive than it was then.”, Like millions of Americans, I lost my job (bookkeeping) in 2008. I filled in my time listening to/watching college level courses from The Teaching Company that I borrowed from my public library. I read voraciously. I like to say Robert E. Howard saved my life. I started reading Conan novels and I have yet to stop. I am just a little over halfway through the nearly fifty paperbacks. I also made sure I watched all the documentaries I wanted, setting reminders and waking up early to catch just the right ones. Without a place to go every day, I was driving myself mad to keep my mind occupied. It was not only an economically devastating time; it was an emotional rollercoaster, a real blast to my ego., Maybe if we not only let our representatives know about our concerns, but also that we appreciate when they take an action that benefits everyone, we can encourage the type of positive change we want to see in the world., Ummmmm, need I say more? We did a lot of driving back and forth to meet Ava and, yeah, awesome., Yom ha-Atzmaut officially begins with a special national ceremony at 8:00 pm - the lighting of 12 torches at Har Herzl in Jerusalem. I watched part of the ceremony with my friends, something I hadn't done before during my previous visits to Israel. It was interesting. Apparently, every year there is a different theme and the organizers choose people connected to that theme to light the torches. The theme this year was water, so people from organizations that have something to do with water (like Mekorot, the national water carrier) or activists from groups that work for clean water (like the Society for the Protection of Nature) were chosen. Each person was introduced, then stepped forward, said a few words ending with "to the splendor of the state of Israel" (<U+05DC><U+05EA><U+05E4><U+05D0><U+05E8><U+05EA> <U+05DE><U+05D3><U+05D9><U+05E0><U+05EA> <U+05D9><U+05E9><U+05E8><U+05D0><U+05DC>), and then lit the torch., cash are selling their surplus on the market at up to a 50 per cent premium., How very sad to be a weed!, Now, I don’t know how many of you are familiar with the Mishnah, or on which level you are familiar with it. Explained in short, Mishnah is the compilation of what in Judaism is considered the Oral Law, given to Moshe Rabenu, A”S, and handed down through the generations until it was written down in the time of R. Yehudah HaNasi, Z”L, around the year 200 CE. There is one Mishnah, which became the basis for later commentaries, called Gemarrot (in plural, singular it’s Gemarrah), and the two, Mishnah and Gemarrah, are compiled in what we call Talmud (which later on had a lot of commentaries added, but that’s another story)., With so many acts to see at the Edinburgh Fringe 2011 it’s unsurprising that you may miss one or two. In our two performance spaces at Radisson Blu Hotel in Edinburgh we have over 40 acts performing during this years Edinburgh Festival. Some shows are running for the full length of the Festival (5th – 27th August) but others are only running for the first week, or just a 2 day run., The Negev District Police bomb squad unit examined the shells and determined that they contained the substance, which is banned by international law for use inside dense population concentrations. Those exposed to white phosphorous might suffer from severe burns and other injuries., 4. 1 tablespoon black pepper., Me: About an hour., But I don’t want American, or other readers, to sweat the speed bumps. Those metaphorical sausages for example. They are sizzling because they are being fried. In a frying pan. Which Americans might call a griddle. They are not frankfurters being boiled in a saucepan. Their skins could explode at any minute. I hope that’s now perfectly clear., Contact: Margaret Akar, Tesla was not beyond pandering to the press although his party trick using AC was less grotesque. He would stand on stage and have himself wired up and allow electricity to pour through his body and not just ten or twenty volts:, Wednesday Night TV on ABC, Of depth indeterminate, They conversed for hours about their dilemmas, You run and play till you are spent., Hubby: “You put it on hairy legs, put a paper on it, let it dry, then pull it off.”, Annoyingly this has proven more difficult than previously though as there's very little on ive not tryed thats on the bar and the two new beers have failed to inspire me to write up anythin more than a mention (Tempest pale ale and hardrock curious) although they are very tasty beers im looking for as a friend recently commented on her coffee in the morning ''tasted like a kick in the teeth''. Obviously in the best way possible., They are so versatile that you can use your leftover chicken, meat, veggies or even fruit preserve as their filling. Hand pies can be make well in advance and stored in the freezer., Above the clouds they rained down, - cute, Every Wednesday I meet with friends to play Pathfinder, AHHHH - Motorcycle, The set consisted of 4 largish paper mache puppets with movable hands and heads:, actually, not simply stared,, My brain is still trying to rationalise that one aspect alone, LOL., The sister-in-law teases, Poor folks cross the border for meeting basic living needs. They don’t read newspapers or blogs. They don’t understand India’s growing stature and accompanying security concern. They only heard that there are jobs in this and that far away land. The procession is rather big. Some will stop in nearby Calcutta, some will travel to Delhi, Bombay and half of them will cross another fearsome border to land in Karachi, Pakistan., Last year year March 8th marked the centenary of one of the events that is thought to have been the birth of International Women’s Day. When in March 1911 more than one million women and men attended rallies in Austria, Denmark, Germany and Switzerland campaigning for women’s rights to work, vote, be trained, to hold public office and end, It's an -ism. I totally admit that., An issue that is so important and very real, and yet also very confusing and there’s lots of different opinions. These guys go back to the Bible and see what God actually has to say about how he promises to guide us. Short, easy to read and instantly helpful., To Web and for all to read., Can’t you hear the pitter-patter?, The Note to Self paper from Echo Park worked perfectly for this theme with that fabulous reel paper. Incidentally, I did take a little liberty with the sketch. My story is the reels are my horizontal element :) I used Black Licorice, Whip Cream, and Kraft cardstock. The Mini Scallop Edge Die-namics added an extra detail to the red vertical panel. The ticket strips were cut from the Note to Self paper. A few Fishtail Flags add another fun element (IMHO, the Fishtail Flags STAX Die-namics are a MUST HAVE - definitely!) Here is a shot of the inside with a few more stamps from this set and the great projector die cut., I'm really excited for them! Just imagining them finally getting to take their baby home makes me smile. I remember the drive home and the first day as parents on our own and there was a sense of everything being right in the world. I don't think I ever felt more at peace. I hope Ben and Ali get to experience that to the fullest and that they can look back on this whole experience fondly., "Stand And Deliver" - 5:05, Yes, if you have the self-belief in our book to do the best job possible on it and to put it out there. You have to be willing to put up with the possible bad reviews and initial lack of sales but the good reviews will keep you going (as I am finding on Changers’ Summer as the reviews from review copies have started to hit Amazon.com)., Last week I asked all of you which play by Shakespeare I should read this summer. And the winner is Macbeth. I’m really excited to read this one since so many of you said that you loved it. Thanks for all of the votes! I am hoping to catch some productions of Shakespeare’s plays this summer in London. If any of you know of some please let me know. It would be cool to read Macbeth and then to be able to attend a live performance., I would imagine that most track fans are considering this a coup of sorts for the sport as Anderson is a young rising star in the sport. The Washington State junior, has already won a World Jr championship over the 400 meter hurdles (2008), as well as NCAA championships as a frosh and soph (2008, 2009) over the barriers. He has personal bests of 48.47 over the barriers and 46.08 over the flat 400 meters. At 20 years of age (he turns 21 in June) Mr. Anderson has a very bright future in the sport and I too am happy at the news for the sport of track and field., Hubby sat out a trap., The ocean. I live near it. Walking distance in fact. I've moved away from New Jersey to all parts of the US, and I keep coming back home because there is no place in the world like the Jersey shore. It is in my blood!, Waiting to hear back from FS for his opinion on metformin & PCOS in pregnancy. My reading says it can help reduce the risk of miscarriage by up to 50%, and that it has only not been proven safe in pregnancy, rather than having been proven harmful. It’s a dilemma that I am keen to hear his opinion on., It’s May already, and I am going to live in the moment. Whether it is simply enjoying my morning cup of coffee in silence at work, or just the few minutes I have alone in the car, I will realise that this moment I will let go of worries, and just be. I suggest you do the same and hopefully, we can stretch these “moments” long enough to become our life., The key to this cocktail is fresh pineapple juice. Don't compromise the flavor of this cocktail by using canned pineapple juice. The small effort makes all the difference., What is an Ouch Pouch? I've been making these for awhile but haven't ever put them into my shop. It's a little square pouch filled with rice that makes a nice alternative to an ice pack when your little one gets a boo boo. My son, Bobby, loves it. He always asks for it when he gets hurt. I keep two in the freezer at all times! It has also come in handy when Bobby has had a high fever., books filled with proofs, For starters, I'd be fluent in American Sign Language and German., you're as old as I was back then., simply choose to move on like, he 30-year-old American had her serve broken in the third game of the opening set but immediately gained the break back., We have all read the harrowing news stories of the events in Japan this past week. Earthquakes of magnitudes not often seen before, tsunamis and now the potential threat of failure of at least one nuclear power plant have seen Japan ravaged. The scale of destruction has reached leaves beyond full comprehension. Headlines of thousands dead, 100s of thousands displaced and homeless speak of a disaster not seen in Japan since August 1945 when American dropped two bombs to bring an end to the Pacific element of the Second World War., Her: Really?, KK: You are my idol. But I'm six husbands and some big jewels behind. What should I do?, Winslet has also collaborated with fellow actresses Emma Thompson and Rachel Weisz and set up the British Anti-Cosmetic Surgery League to support (and defend!) natural beauty in Hollywood., I frowned and started to ask another question but found myself slipping into sleep, had this all been a dream I wondered? Heaven, Sophie, the lake? It had all seemed so real. I felt a soft brush at my finger tips and I struggled to open my eyes, Thomas’ face appeared at my bedside, no longer the sweet little six year old I remembered, he was now a young man. He leaned forward to whisper in my ear and it was then that I could have sworn the same big blue eyes he’d always had, flashed red., 29 february (the-editor) : Prod Pooja Bhatt a bit and she will have you know that all this ‘we-are-open-about-ourpersonal-life’ attitude among B-wood leading ladies is hearlded by none other than the lady in conversation, a decade back. Says Bhatt, “Today, the leading ladies can afford to be bold on their personal lives thanks to Manisha Koirala and myself. Both of us had to pay the price for making it possible for the heroines to walk hand in hand with their boyfriends.”, I have a wee touch of asthma, no biggie, not the kind that'll kill you, just the kind that comes around when you're really sick or try excercising when it's cold outside or your allergies get super ugly. It only bothers me a few times a year and I don't even bother to have an emergency inhaler around because it'll go away in a few days and blah blah whatever, not a boo-hoo subject., Our first day was a successful one and I was very pleased with the turnout. Since we were directly across the street from the restaurant St. Germains, I was able to have Internet access to check on things in our Etsy shop on my new kindle fire (thanks to my boyfriend Chris for the early bday gift)., Problem is, while the future of movies (and TV) at home may damn well be streaming, it certainly won’t be unlimited and it certainly won’t be for a reasonable flat monthly fee. No, the studios want as much blood from the turnip as they can get. So why would they license their content to a service that charges $20 a month for unlimited viewing…when they can license them to services that charge $2.99 a pop? They wouldn’t, and that’s why Netflix Streaming is a virtual wasteland., Judging roughly from the frequency of references, Anastaplo seems to have learned most from Shakespeare, from his fellow Illinoisan Abraham Lincoln, and from Plato. This book is a major attempt to discover and to articulate the harmony, or at least the compatibility, that exists between the principles of the American polity and the principles of classical (“Greek”) philosophy?, Studies in popular music are primarily cultural studies and to alarge extent they grew out of the cultural criticism of American rock criticism of the late sixties and seventies, critics like Landau,Christgau, Willis, and Marcus, (Frith, 1981: 278). The leading rock sociologist of Europe, Simon Frith originally shaped his approach while staying in Berkeley California 1967-69 (Frith, 1981: 3-4), and the first major history of rock written in Britain (Gillett, 1970) started as a M.A. thesis in USA and did not leave the American context before p. 249. These authors adapted some basic axioms of the American critics, who for years had tried to legitimise rock as a form of culture and art and at the same time as rebellion against high art. Most of these critics had been just as hampered by American ethnocentrism as any other American scholar. Marcus addressed this most directly by legitimising rock through its deep roots in American culture and identity. This was e.g. repeated by Simon Frith, stating so late as 1981 that ‘rock is an American music’ (Frith, 1981: 11) and by Lawrence Grossberg stating in 1992 that ‘... rock is ‘about’ growing up in the U.S. (at least that is the only context I am talking about)...’ (Grossberg, 1992: 201), As you feel in your, The episode proved to be interesting before anything even happened. First of all, Adam Levine’s shaved head was doing really great things for him. That man just never looks bad, I’ve decided. Cee Lo, however, opted for a laced up V-neck shirt (if you can call it that) and a wig. This look was doing nothing for him, but it was amusing. In fact, he barely said anything without laughing at himself. And finally, I don’t know what Christina Aguilera has been up to during the filming break, but she looked AMAZING! Good for you, Christina. Good for you., Anyway I am looking forward to 2012! The excitement of a presidential election year. The Republicans are all vying for the religious vote. Mitt Romney is actually somewhat sane but the Religicans don't like him because he is a Mormon! The rest of them are totally and completely ridiculous. I am just afraid one of the lunatics might actually get elected. Then what?, Perhaps if Wee Willie had one of these handy portable urinals with him, he would have been safe from the prying eyes of the SST., In Grade 8, students study Georgia history, geography, government, and economics. While the four state domains are interwoven, ample opportunity is also provided for in-depth study of Georgia history and the government of Georgia. While U.S. historical events are included to help students understand the impact of those events on Georgia and to help students understand Georgia’s role in the history of the United States, the focus is on Georgia., - churros & coffee, Instead, when we went up to the cash register to pay, he pointed to a little old couple that had been sitting in the table next to us., Rarer that you might think., Weak and wounded sinner/ Lost and left to die /O, raise your head, for love is passing by, So I was shitting it a bit when we came to tap the first barrel, I should have had faith knowing the skill that Marble have and the knowledge of beer that we have but I couldn't help freaking out a bit. I needent have worried - it's everything we wanted it to be It’s big and bold on the nose with lovely sweet interplay of caramel, cereal and lovely citric notes and some juicy fruit., But I got a notion, That is why I started doing this. To help my fellow man., The line announced a baby’s birth,, I loved some of the little details in Pottermore. For example, Fred and George Weasley try to send Harry Potter a toilet seat as a gift while he is recovering at the end of Sorceror’s Stone. Well, my brother found it. Check Chapter 17, Moment 2: The Hospital Wing. Double-click, then double-click again to the left of the page, and it is in the closet. Little, silly things like that make up for some of the annoying bits of Pottermore., Sam bit her lip. So, this had something to do with Mum and the divorce. But her mother had never said anything about a living doll either. Nice family secret: a wacko doll hidden in an old trunk in a secret room in her dad's office. She sighed. Other people had barrels of money or famous ancestors. Not the Liffeys. They always had to be different., Had another wedding shower!! I mean seriously, it's my life these days! Not that I don't love them, I do... but some people I tell are astonished when I told them I was having 5 showers. Well, I know someone that had 11! Yes, ELEVEN. Was there even anything left on the registry?!?!, We had a great feed of galettes (buckwheat crepes) washed down with a Breton beer (except for the kids, who had whiskey). Then we took a walk around inside the ramparts., and now for the Quirky Crafts Team:, E-mail: perry@petridehalifax.ca, So when I made myself a salad of just oranges and fennel, with some some parsley leaves added for colour, I though, this is never going to cut it . But you know what? It was beautiful. Fresh, and sweet, and crunchy and yes, it took me straight away to Sicily. So if you'll forgive me resorting to the clichéd quote, it was a case of changing things so they would stay the same, and it worked., 16:20 Questions Drinks and refreshments will then follow., SO.....what's new this week?!, It's no big secret that Simon has been looking for an artist who could crack the very lucrative pre-teen market for some time, particularly in the US. If you like, he wanted his own rival to Bieber and, taking a leaf out of how professional football academies develop youngersters to feed their main team, Simon wanted his own singing academy and Ronan was just one of a number of identified youngsters, with whom SYCO intensively works with., Buddha: Yea, third of Americans are apparentlly illiterate or barely literate., Then I realize, it is not their things I fear losing., 1 Tin kidney beans in chilli sauce, - 5 large eggs, In 2007:, I had a list of house stuff I was suppose to get done yesterday.... laundry, return emails, grocery shopping, vacuuming and the cleaning of the toilets. Whenever I have a list like this, a craft or painting project definitely gets done instead!!, “Her phone number. She will not get away with this! Who does she think she is?”, Teased, let's say, by heaven's stark, A recent concert appearance in Santa Fe by Fusion pioneer John McLaughlin has reopened this long running debate on the merits of this style of music. He is the pre-eminent Fusion musician on the planet, still releasing new cds and touring all over the world at sixty-eight years of age. He has played the guitar for the last sixty years and has been at the forefront of this highly technical brand of music since its creation in the late 1960’s. No one that has ever seen or heard John McLaughlin play would doubt that he has a tremendous command of the guitar. Not only does he play at times with a blazing pace on the fret board, but he is also a master improviser in the great Jazz tradition. What has made McLaughlin such an imposing figure is that he does have more than just technical virtuosity plugged into his amp. There is a lyricism to the guitar lines that he endlessly weaves, and he has also proven himself to be one of the original innovators in creating a true World Music style. He has played with both Miles Davis and Jimi Hendrix, and that high octane mixture of jazz and rock is what Fusion is all about. His 70’s electric band Mahavishnu Orchestra had some of the best musicians around (Cobham, Goodman, and Hammer), while he later created Shakti as a vehicle to explore his interest in Indian music. Guitarists Jeff Beck and Pat Metheny have both called John the best guitarist in the world, lofty praise from two highly respected musicians. His performance with The Fourth Dimension band was a microcosm of all things good and bad that have been debated about Fusion since its creation. Excessive soloing might be a downer for some, but how do you argue with such mind blowing technical virtuosity? Others might cry about a lack of “songs” (a la Burt Bacharach), but these four musicians exhibited a cohesion rarely seen that trumped any mundane need for familiar tunes. If someone said it sounded like a guitar / drum clinic at times I wouldn’t argue, but what a sound they threw at us! Etienne M’bappe was a revelation with his unique bass lines, while Mark Mondesir kept the drum seat red hot all night long. Keyboardist Gary Husband added a lot of tasteful licks with McLaughlin the whole evening smiling as if he had finally found that lost chord he’d been searching for all these years. John called himself just an aging hippie at one point during the concert, and that humility rang as true as any note from his guitar. Like a Zen master patiently waiting for his future students to find him, McLaughlin has explored the fret board in a variety of styles throughout his life, and has stayed open to its possibilities. Many people aspire to be the best at what they do, but hard work and skill will only get you so far. After many years he came to the realization that a true master doesn’t just play the guitar, you also have to let the guitar play you., W-Brad Lincoln (1-0), Advise, proactively, on how to avoid disputes and litigation, and on alternative methods of dispute resolution, as well as assist in dispute resolution, including negotiating settlements., Fastnachts (doughnuts), After the wind there was an earthquake, but the LORD was not in the earthquake., Still, Gatta noted, that there are other, longer-term factors at work. For example, women have been graduating from college at higher rates than men for years and workers with a college degree generally have higher earnings potential than those without one., Not exactly sure how this one got missed but here it is, 16. Work on projects which will change the world., Why is it that I always dread that no one will show up to play? It has always been that way, as far as I can remember. Some fears never go away, like the fear of cops, ingrained from a reckless youth all the way to my current esteemed patriarchal self, scanning the horizon as I drive 11 mph over the speed limit. I can’t help it, I was born bad, and bad I be. But enough of that, the game is what matters., In the very rare instance I bow off my rationally-superior high horse and actually succumb to the realization that I may need outside counsel to handle my emotions, I crave specific action items. Then I’ll want to discuss the possible scenarios that may arise from each course of action. Remember, I calculate everything. And I mean everything. Telling me “follow your heart” or “there’s always a light at the end of the tunnel” will most likely result in you getting kicked in the shins., Combine the sour cream and remaining egg in a small bowl, then pour the mixture over the apples (won't fully cover them)., Delightful actually., One thing I don't have to worry about is speaking; my mother-in-law will be here that weekend and will be speaking for us! I am so excited that she will be with us! She's been married almost 48 years, been a mother for almost 47 of those years, is the mother of five, and has been a missionary wife for 30 years. She is just full of practical, down-to-earth knowledge (unlike her eldest daughter-in-law!), and I believe she will do an excellent job of teaching about inward beauty, taken from Psalm 45:13 - "The king's daughter is all glorious within . . .", *She sees someone following her in their car., You see, death can be painful for those left behind, and sometimes a few of us deal with it, putting the pain neatly away and plastering a smile across our face while telling the world everything is fine… when deep down it’s not. But it could be, and it will be. And in the end, we will be stronger individuals – for ourselves and the people around us., Me: Uh. Obviously NOT! Otherwise I wouldn't have been saying 'cock' all damn day!, For your amusement:, though my heart is very sad., Drop by if and leave her a comment if you must (though don’t encourage her too much), then hurry up back here. The good thing is she’ll only be blogging over there once a month, and the rest of the time she’ll be here with me., Smile, be positive, don’t get discouraged when you fail – Get back up and go for it!, Especially when one eye is swollen shut because someone didn't learn her lesson., Meanwhile, in the loud silence from the legal beagles in San Francisco, can you hear the echoes of the persecution of those athletes at Duke? Obviously none of them had a “prominent local physician” as one of their daddies., No matter the convenience of modern technology, if all that we value is kept in tiny soulless devices then the future of humanity is indeed bleak. If all that we can look forward to is endless convenience and the gradual erosion of beauty then we have little to view that is positive save convenience. We enter the world of Blade Runner., Was this jading of the mind and soul justified? I think so. All of us, young, middle-aged, and old know that old people are seen as less than and often something to be avoided in this life. It starts around 50 for most women when you realize people no longer see you. You are invisible. And then it moves on to get better and worse., It’s interesting because in the 2004 comedy Meet the Fockers, Streisand made her big screen return as Ben Stiller’s mom in his popular Gaylord Focker franchise. Instead of being entombed her in upper middle-class swaths of respectability, Streisand instead, embraces all the Borscht Belt comic clichés of Jews. As Rozlyn Focker, Streisand’s done up in New Age garb, with flowing scarves and low cut tops, revealing an ample cleavage. Is it high art? Nope. Is it subtle? Of course not. Is it funny? You betcha. Streisand never was so appealing and likable – by embracing the Jewish mama stereotypes, she transcends them (after all, despite being incarcerated in years of mediocrity, she’s still Barbra Streisand). Meet the Fockers dealt with a man’s quest to impress his gentile in-laws (played by Robert DeNiro and WASPiness personified, Blythe Danner). By doing so, he starts to cringe and feel ashamed at his more ethnic parents (Streisand is paired, note-for-note with a hilarious Dustin Hoffman). There is something ugly Stiller being so embarrassed at his kvetching parents, who barrel into every scene with good humor and kindness. But there’s a subtle parallel in Streisand’s slowly evolving public persona that does the same thing: etch away at spots of “otherness” to settle comfortably among the starry Mount Rushmore of Superstars like Oprah, Julia Roberts, Will Smith (whose lack of cool should also be analyzed) and Tom Cruise., Best moment this week: Not sure., The hearts and scalloped circles are cut using the Cricut Lacy Labels cartridge. The swirls on this card are also cut from the Lacy Labels cartridge, but they were a part of a frame so I used my knife and cut all the frame/flower details out of it so just the swirls were left., - God (Elohim/Deity), Whichever one of these you are or whichever of these follow you … has anyone ever been brave enough to ask someone why are you following me?, ATSUSHI – <U+3044><U+3064><U+304B><U+304D><U+3063><U+3068>···(I’ve always felt that he has such a gorgeous voice and he’s the main reason why I love EXILE ballads so much. But this song just does something to me…one of the few songs released this year that can actually make me cry.), Dark., x x x x, The most disgusting thing about THC2 to me was Martin himself. They found the perfect actor for this role - a short, overweight man with ears that stick out and balding hair that seems to be permanently plastered to his head with sweat. However, I found myself sympathizing with Martin a lot during the first part of the film, much the same as I would sympathize with anyone who obviously never had a chance at a normal life. He was sexually abused by his father as a young child and still lives with his mother whom he gets no love from because she's a whackjob and says she misses her husband and that it is Martin's fault he's in jail. He's extremely introverted and never speaks a word through the whole film. Martin is also an interesting character in that at the same time you may feel sympathy for him and his shitty life, you are also disgusted by him physically and as a person., Choose a theme for the idioms you will use. Some popular themes include:, Sinful Colors Zeus from the Spring 2012 Cast Away collection, Directed by Jim Sharman / Written by Richard O’Brien and Jim Sharman, Balsamic Fig reduction, optional, Sentiment: North Star Stamps, This case is set to go to Trial in May. It is long awaited and many hearts cried out for this little girl. The writer of this blog committed all of her time and resources to covering the story and now the moment that was waited on has come. Now there’s a monkey wrench. Jose Baez has been on this case for over a 2 years. What will this do for the case?, untimely death could have been, For example, fast food joints, or “quick service restaurants,” as they are known in the trade, lose up toseven percent of sales to employee theft, according to the National Restaurant Association. Now, these retailers are fighting back with surveillance systems that allow them to keep track of their employees every move and punch of the register. Already, 90 percent of retailers monitor their staffs with video cameras, but combining the visuals with data from the register makes these systems much more powerful., working by steps back into the downpour., This is my project for Living With Lindsay's $5.00 Challenge. Wandering around the $ store I knew exactly what I wanted to make but couldn't find the most critical aspect, the shelf. Finally I went down the office supply aisle and the light dawned!, 2 Invitations That Mean More Than 2 ENDORSEMENTS For Fred Vidal, PhD: The George W Bush Presidential Center And INSTITUTE and The GOPAC – Training & ELECTING The Next Generation Of REPUBLICAN LEADERS! Mike Fuller Accepts That Great 2 Memberships and Share This Honor with The Population Of CALIFORNIA., Faces growling,, 1. Lay the scarf on a flat surface, the wrong side facing up., On a more personal note, IT SURE IS HARD TO BLOG WHEN YOU ARE WITH A FOUR YEAR OLD 24/7! I get so frustrated sometimes, I start jonesing for my blog and I just can't get to it. But don't think I'm complaining, I love being at home with her. (I just wish she would take long daily naps!), Instead, here we are, not a single post in months !!, “So, what I thought all these years was correct. I was nothing to you but a quick and easy way to shed your virginity.” Just saying the words was devastating., "It’s a lovely view". Says Christine., "Serious subversion is called for. Sneaky and smart. Switchgrass roots.", When I hop on the eliptical at home, I usually watch TV. I've got a TV opposite the eliptical so I can watch a show while I work out. But because I've got the shortest attention span imaginable, it helps me to watch a show without commercials. Which is why I've got a DVD player there, too. And this also helps explain why you're getting bombarded with West Wing quotes. It's a good show for me to watch while elipticalling. No, it's not a word. But it should be., As bad as the black parts of a banana., Beer & Cheese - $40 per person, A detailed accounting of the reasons for such highly questionable restrictions on liberty should be required to be made known to all., This year, Bailey is celebrating Beltane by giving away a copy of Brownies and Broomsticks. Just leave a comment to enter. For more information about her or either of her mystery series, please check out her website at www.cricketmcrae.com , or either of her blogs at www.hearthcricket.com or www.baileycates.com., transfer to my cassette copy which has alot more of them than this does., went to Mrewa District. Chiwara went to Musana Reserve. The family of Chiyanike,, 1) Though Democracy is a nice dream and a good goal, what it has become in recent years particularly in our media saturated culture is little more than mob rule. The problem is that often we have to make decisions in our society for the good of our society that most people don’t or won’t like (example: higher taxation), what happens is that we remove and approve people based on whether or not we “liked” their judgments not actually on whether or not they were or are beneficial to us in the long run. Like the mob we prop up a puppet leader to be our voice but there is little room for helpful critiques of our society., Manuel: In my case, “Urbano” (Spanish for urban) is just me. It is my mother’s last name, so I can literally say that: “I have an Urbano style inside my blood!”, I really loved the bright yellow with the blue. I felt very spring-y!, It’s coming! The snow is still there but the ladybug proves that it’s coming. Spring, spring, glorious spring., Runtime: 87 Minutes, Other than that, my weekend consisted of....you guessed it...studying!! I have a feeling the rest of my weekends until school is done will be filled with lots of studying, and lots of Starbucks time. Thank goodness I have a great boyfriend who knows how to make me smile after lots of studying..., Tea-parties are eternal: they never end;, If you hang around booze geeks long enough, eventually you find yourself discussing a topic that's become a perennial favorite: what kinds of stuff you used to drink before you got turned onto a wider spectrum of adult beverages. (Despite what they'd have you believe, in their youth, cocktail nerds weren't sneaking off into the woods to make Negronis or lounging around the frat house basement trying to find the perfect Singapore Sling recipe)., The Gres des Vosges had originally been paired with the Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA, which I thought went well, but for some reason I thought I could do better. Opening the wrapping, my nostrils were filled with the smell of onion and sharp farmhouse scents, and I'm kicking myself for not pairing this with a saison or a gueuze. Tonight I've opened up the Southern Tier Hoppe instead, hoping to see how a balanced pale ale that's been kicked up a notch (much like the 90 Minute) will tackle the creaminess and the funky flavors simultaneously., 11 cups rice flour (I used brown), So, I am throwing everything I can into the clothes washer to sanitize…the bleach is out…I have windows open… hopefully we can nip this in the bud!, Now, don’t get me wrong. I love God. My beliefs have not changed. I just refuse to be a part of a religion. They are becoming cult like. “Join or perish”. In most eyes, what I am doing is going to put my name on Satan’s list. I don’t believe that., Of course, the War Powers Act is hardly an improvement on the U.S. Constitution because it does allow the president to go to war without the approval of Congress. But President Obama refuses to follow this law., Commas seem to cause a lot of confusion when there are more than one involved., Question: “Who am I?”, ‘The revelation of Jesus ought not to give rise to a religion. All religion leads to war, but the Word of God is not a religion, and it is the most serious of all betrayals to have made of it a religion.’, (1) “Address to the Nation About Policies To Deal With the Energy Shortages,” The American Presidency Project, Richard Nixon, November 7, 1973: http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=4034#axzz1s3rdILHB, “I trust you have the package.”, Irish austerity plan seems not to be working,, In the Daily News today, Elizabeth Benjamin writes about embattled Senator Hiram Monserrate. He claims that he’s being targeted “because he is a Latino.” Not because he cut up his girlfriend’s face in a jealous rage, and was convicted of this crime. No, that wouldn’t be the reason. Instead he's compared himself to, according to Benjamin, “murdered civil rights workers” because he’s about to lose his Senate seat. I don’t know anything about that, but by a strange coincidence, an unnamed source emailed me this letter today:, 250 shark/tropical theme cupcakes for 30th anniversary at Drobny Law Offices., “I know honey, I’m sorry,” The space heater whirred in the thick silence. Kathleen turned her head and rested it on Claire’s hand, painfully aware that this might be the last intimate touch she’d ever feel. Now her eyes were wet too, though she would never let Claire see her that way. “Remember to send Nate down for Jeopardy later. He beat me on the Final Jeopardy last night, can you believe that? He got every single one of the Revolutionary War questions right. I think we have a genius on our hands. Must take after me!”, My wife didn’t go outside today, VERDICT: Something quite surprising happened, when my husband sat down and took his first bite. This is a true story-- Craig had a faraway look in his eyes. Very much like the scene from the movie "Ratatouille", where the feared food critic is served a French comfort food dish. My husband smiled, and said that the dinner I made reminded him of his childhood in Kansas City, MO. He remembered that his mom used to make a dinner that tasted just like this one. Suffice it to say, that my husband loved every bite, and I was so pleased that he enjoyed it as much as he did. As for me, this dinner reminded me of the Banquet TV dinners that my mother used to heat in the oven, when I was a kid-- yes, that was before microwaves were invented, but I was born after the horse and carriage., I have duly complied with their request, but my brain hurts from puzzling over what exactly they intend to compare with what., Stamps: IBS Doilies, Body splash, that is all she wrote for this match, and we are celebrating with the girls., The Japanese raid killed 2,400 U.S. soldiers and civilians, and wounded another 1,200 Americans, sank/damaged 21 vessels of the Pacific Fleet and about 75% of the planes., A major highlight for Josh and I was that on a few evenings we would leave the kids at the hotel with a movie and we would go out on a date. So, we got some special treatment too, and we are very thankful., Racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-elitism — these are but one aspect of the issue. I mentioned decency earlier, and I believe that’s the common delusion about southern hospitality. It’s not unconditional; you get it unless and until who you are is something different from what they (the majority) have deemed “normal,” and therefore acceptable., However, rather than diving into evolutionary biology/cladistics which isn't my area, I would like to look at some examples from the OUMNH collection and highlight some of the (to me) unexpected aspects of their morphology and the possible functions of such structures. I will however give some links to factsheets which provide details of the characteristics placing these species/genera in their currently accepted orders. Firstly, the frankly bizarre Walliserops trifurcatus with its unmistakeable trident..., PPS I have a super duper exciting surprise for you.....next time!!!, Way over a year removed from all this, I can honestly say that my life has calmed down quite a bit from then, even on the most harried of days, I don't feel the panic that I did then, thank God. What I do feel is change in the air...and that's a good thing. A very good thing., Where does Sunny live?, So having a few paragraphs of description of a character, their life, family history, their personality, and why they believe that their kingdom is the most wonderful place to be and how they are going to convert everyone to this line of thinking is great and rich, I think that the belief of “My kingdom of Hynthral is a just and fair place, and I will not rest till the barbarians of the outlands see the light” gets lost in everything else., - miia, switzerland, 21/2/2012 09:05, Schnitzer PG, Olshan AF, Erickson JD. Paternal occupation and congenital anomalies in offspring. Epidemiology 1995; 6: 577-583., Need a pathway, but don't want to dig up the sod, or pay for gravel/sand?, A Mom: high fructose corn syrup, MSG, trans fat levels., They're crispy and chock full of chocolate,, P.S. If I got any information wrong, please feel free to message me, and I’ll have it corrected!, When the hare came out of the oven, the playing with our food began. We stripped off all the meat, including the lovely, moist, supple fillet mignon, and discarded the bones. We poured the innard and blood puree into the sauce, and cooked it for a few minutes, being careful not to boil it as the blood would have frothed all over the place and ruined it. An important reason for using the blood quickly became obvious. It is one of the most effective natural thickeners. When the sauce was just the right texture we strained it through a sieve, and it was finished. Dense, gamey, earthy, aromatic - it required all the willpower in the kitchen not to dunk chunks of crusty country bread in it and finish it off then and there with sips of the leftover syrah., That, it seems, to me, the Taliban understand – and so do the Pakistanis and other regional players. It is something the colonial British understood, but not their successors or the Americans. While both play lip-service to a political solution, they do tend to treat the military activity as something different and distinct from the political process., Last year: Ranked 4th with a rating of 0.443, What we have to offer in this world, in this moment, is impossible, and yet, it is possible because we are alive. Whether you believe in a God or not, you have to admit it may not be a good idea to waste the time that is in front of you., (My source of information, a.k.a. my mom, now tells me this photo is actually my dad’s Mother and not my dad’s Grandmother as I had previously indicated. We’ll get this straight yet!), Also, I've got some buttons over on the right column for some awards for which I've been nominated. If you're so inclined, you can vote for my blog in any/all of the categories., I may have been in Continent, but I don’t remember what country it was in. It’s an age thing., At this time in my life, when it comes to music, I do what I feel and cherish every moment. I also have a wardrobe full of unfinished and new ideas waiting for me to make happen and I’m determined to see them through one by one., And of course, I kept thinking about Eliza, wondering if she would have had the same lack of heart acceleration, wondering if this would have been the indication that something was going terribly wrong for her..., So, if you're interested, he's got at least one movie for everyone in his repertoire., Police said 19-year-old Analise Garner hit and scratched her mother’s face and bit her on the right hand during the altercation., Wiz is adamant he would never jack lyrics from another artist … despite the allegations in a new $2.3 million lawsuit filed by a Pennsylvania rapper named Maxamillion., Yea, Last night I walked into work to find the fourth... yes, I said fourth... instance of his addressing a putative issue in a public note for all employees to read instead of with me. Never saying anything actually about anyone, or using names, this coward avoids confrontation and (he thinks) maintains plausible deniability by fuming and bitching to other employees until he just can't take it any more, at which point he posts a snarky little note in an attempt to cow the "problem" employee into proper submissive behavior., “Doc? I thought I told you about that already?”, One night we went to the opening of the Canadian Front movie series at MoMA and saw the movie Monsieur Lazhar which was very good. A friend of ours produced the movie Roller Town which we didn't see but he put our name on the list for the film after party. I asked about the dress code and was told "New York casual". I asked a few people what they thought that meant and was told "black"., Unlike email, Facebook stores all your event notifications in one place so your fans can easily check when and where your next gig is taking place., (Reporting by David Henry in NEW YORK and Miyoung Kim in SEOUL; Editing by Matt Driskill), Where in the $h*# is he?, “The Dark Knight Rises” will be the final movie with both writer / director Christopher Nolan and oscar-winner Christian Bale in the bat-costume. But old favourites will return with Gary Oldman as Jim Gordan, Sir Michael Caine as Alfred and Liam Neeson as Ra’s Al Ghul., 5: Barracuda, that stay with us,, leaves you wondering was any of it worth this., But somewhere, deep in the back of my mind, I know I’ve got this curse for life. Look upon it, ye Mighty, and despair., Erica Smolders – I was attending University overseas, took a part-time job at a small flower stand and fell in love with it. Within weeks I’d decided that I just had to be a floral designer... and the rest is history., Actually, that fact illustrates part of the great customer service provided by Easy Canvas Prints. After I uploaded the photo, and went through the various options for finishing - canvas size, canvas thickness, border choice, color oprtions - and placed my creation in the cart, Megan (who, incidentally, was fantastic to work with!) emailed me to let me know the photo might not work out well once it was enlarged for the canvas because it was out of focus. Megan informed me that their art departement carefully reviews every order before processing to make sure they can produce a quality product. If there's any question about the quality of the photo you've uploaded, someone from their art department will email you with their concerns., have read them already, I’ll try to give a description and/or enough, Copic markers in T0, C1, C2, C3,C5 (to color in the tower/fortress), 14. One thing I don’t like from Coron is that they always take very long time to serve food!!!! So need to manage our expectations when we order food., Many thanks to CanarySanctuary for recognition of an unknown designer., Anyway, I'll give you a brief summary., Motels Suddenly last summer US, I have friends that have graduated as practitioners and RN all the way to PA, and their writing skills were no better than a 2nd grader. It’s no wonder there are more and more problems in the healthcare industry. If anyone can go through school and get that paper then next thing you know they have a practice, but really don’t have the real world knowledge or experience in what it takes to actually care for the general populace., I feel that until TM stabilises their Unifi service quality, clients who face such problems should be given rebates., I find myself getting all sentimental about my first ever Xmas without my family, King might express himself rather differently…, Waiting for the day, You are a sweet girl who loves her family, school, reading, softball, art, and your friends., As they walk back to you, you contemplate telling them what just occurred in your mind, but instead throw them a smirk and kiss them as they grab your hand. It is moments like that that make love all worthwhile. You could be anywhere, doing anything and that one person will always be yours. Whether they are on the other side of the room, or right by your side always remember you are the luckiest person in that room because that one amazing person loves you and calls you theirs., 1994 Vieux Télégraphe Châteauneuf-du-Pape (Rhône blend of mostly Grenache and Syrah)–I opened this right as the guests arrived and poured less than a half of a glass right away. I did this for three reasons: pouring a little wine out enables a bit of air to get in, which is a gentler way of introducing air into an older wine than a full decanting; I wanted to see if the wine were flawed (and then need to run down to grab something else); and I was one thirsty bastard. There was a bit of brett on the nose, which I had hoped would eventually wear off. It did for the most part. The fruit, although faded, was still impressive: mostly stewed fruit and red pepper. Average finish. Very Good. 88 points., When you have filled out the form, save your work on your home computer, and then e-mail the completed form to me. My e-mail address is khiggins@ridgefield.org., When DJ stepped inside and closed the door behind him, Cinnamon lunged, swiping at a denim clad ankle. With an oath DJ jumped, his back slammed against the door, clattering it shut. Instinctively he reached for a sidearm that wasn’t there anymore., I have a special little project to share with you today. As you know, I am guest designed with Some Odd Girl for the month of February. When she offered me the GDT spot, Kristy asked me to make 1 extra special project. This got me thinking (and panicking!) right away and I started prowling around the house, looking for something to alter. Then I stumbled across a boring, black A5 folder that has been unused, gathering dust for the last couple of years. A plan was cunningly hatched.....!, I am most definitely a Pantser. I start with a general idea and let the story takes me wherever it chooses to. I’m merely an outlet for my muses to do their thing., (PS This isn't really something I'm struggling with right now, it's just something that's on my mind. Okay. End random interjection.), While he was travelling around collecting material for his book Cos often stayed with the Davies family in Johannesburg. John Davies was the Anglican chaplain at the University of the Witwatersrand, and his wife Shirley was an active member of the Black Sash, a women’s group that also campaigned for human rights. Their children, Mary, Mark and Elizabeth, also appear with Cos in some of the pictures below., We sang 12 songs, including "How We Sang Today" with any past members from the past 60 years who wanted to come onstage. It was so fun to see some familiar faces! My former quartet, Chord Company which retired about a year + 1/2 ago, got to sing at the after show party we call an Afterglow. Here we are in the dressing room wearing our chorus costume. That's a lot of glitter there!, Wedding season is quickly approaching, which means it's time for many engaged couples to start narrowing their wedding registry selections. When it comes to fine crystal, many people assume that it's too impractical or expensive to include crystal stemware in their registry selections. But, rest assured there are many affordable options! Even if you are one of the lucky few who have friends and family who are able and willing to purchase high-end crystal, it never hurts to be aware of all the options out there., “I told you that I would watch over you,” he replied. “Sometimes I do so without alerting you to my presence. What do you have in your hand?”, Girls’ Generation make you feel the heat, The graphics are pretty cute and visually appealing to young children. The puzzles are suitable for young children since there are plenty of hints and free helps to fill in puzzle pieces., If you don't want me to be honest, and you want me to dilute the word FUCK, and make FUCK politically correct, cause you are sensitive to the word FUCK; i guess I am not the person to be talking to, in order to represent your side of the story, with Doberman and Vanilla; am I?, Please contact me kcurry71(at)gmail(dot)com with your choice of two SSD images and I'll get them right out to you!, and i'm not sure if the zipper is going to stay or go., This time, the contest is not mine... but I am certain so many of you are going to LOVE this website and designer as much as I do., Anti-racism is a codeword for Anti-White., The recipe I found at the 'Budapest Tourist Guide' is the perfect 'one pot meal', ideal for camping, or even at home on the hob or in a slow cooker. There was a bit of apprehension from my dear wife when I suggested it for our meal as she claimed she had never had a goulash that was flavoursome enough. I dug my heels in and set out to prove otherwise., If Goldman Sachs doesn't rule the world, at least the firm is doing a grand job of getting its alumni into places of influence, including the premierships of Greece and Italy and the head of the European Central Bank. (Via James Delingpole.), I think both of them are worth your time. The Nov. 2nd (I think) one has less of the, (We're not supposed to be using our ovens. They use too much energy.), 3. Tell him/her they’ll be sent to their bedroom if they don’t stop doing that. You shouldn’t tolerate such behaviour!, Trigger: I am not the smallest person in the room., This cake design was inspired by the bridal shower invitation. Cake is iced in cream with a piped scroll design. Green fondant ribbon draped over cake with a purple and cream plaque with K + T for the couple. This is a large 12 inch round cake, appoximately 45 servings., 739 ***D-X/31/1976. “The Plays of Gilbert and Sullivan.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 195-214, 450-54 (1983).), This is the place I called ‘home’ for many months., My computer has been down, kids have been sick, had a birthday, and Christmas is creeping upon us very fast., So I went to the website. It told me I had to fill out this really long personality profile., If I can briefly bring myself to recall – it essentially drinks like a fruit beer (cherry is the nearest I can get) which has been laced with peach vodka, poured into a half-full jar of Marmite and left on a jungle floor to evolve and mutate for several decades., I smelled the disturbed, (22) John Bernard Fitzpatrick, Coadjutor of Boston, I do not accept the blame.. I told him that.. so he moved on to the usual $$ issues.. and I made him do the math.. and again refused to accept the blame. “Whatever”, Annette had been a student at University College, Swansea (formerly Sketty Anglers Club) long enough to have shed her Saxon, secular resistance to the direct and deeply spiritual sensibility of the Cambrian aesthete. And Swansea is where you are most likely to encounter this Epicurean approach at its most expressive:, I think the corn loaf pictured here probably dates back to the 50s or earlier. Pat Fusco wrote a, well, I wouldn't call it irreverent, but she wrote a kickass story for the Pacific Sun on funeral food! In certain regions of the country, funeral food (the covered dishes you bring to a grieving family) can be quite competitive. Prettiest, most nourishing, like that., WHEN: February 8, 2012, Hook, I'm entering this caed into into the following challenges, Traps, cages, and snares on high became the darkness save the few dabs of light from the cleaning crews and oil burners remaining up there, trying to get ahead. With scant exception though, the action was at street level now. The huge structures that ruled the daylight now stood as gray or up-lit sentinels – reminders that soon enough, it would be their time again. Perhaps against their will they offered some comfort, tall obelisks verifying tomorrow’s promise of more todays, looming or floating gently above, depending on whether or not one could see their intersection with the sidewalks., Just as vitamins and minerals are important to strengthen our immune system, so are fats and carbohydrates. So it is important that we include different types of food in our diet. However, whatever we do or eat should be in moderation as an excess of any thing upsets the balance of nutrients, exercise and rest required by our body., "Why NOT?" she protested, as if to convince me that I should go back and do it., “It’s the main theme of all our films,” Jaoui says: “Can people change?” The answer? “Rarely, with difficulty, but yes,” she replies., Anyway, I really should stay here and clean. The bug guy will be here in two weeks. And I've somehow managed to spill something, and it's gotten to that point where I've put off the cleaning so long I'm almost afraid to get started on it., On a hot day in Richmond its so nice to be able to dash into any store and enjoy their air conditioning ... and how I love the marble floors in Saks, so handy for a super quick cool down ... and the sofa at Anthropology, let's just say its a good place for a quick nap or to hang with dad when mom disappears for hours (or so it feels like) ... and to all the shoppe keepers who know me by name and offer me treats, love ya!, Thanks goes to Conor Obert, the lead singer of the band “Bright Eyes” for the quotes from his songs. His music is AWESOME! I have to thank Allison for introducing me to his music it has been a big help, and continues to be!, Anyway, one of the books I read this week was called Heaven is For Real by Todd Burpo with Lynn Vincent about a four-year old who undergoes a traumatic experience and almost dies. A few months after the whole experience the little boy, Colton starts talking about his experience meeting Jesus and going up to heaven. Slowly the family learns that Colton had a very unique experience when he was undergoing surgery, an experience that very few have., Then leaf subsides to leaf., Here's an example of a question that might be found on a modern IQ test., We both chose the young cockerel for our main course. This dish (per person) consisted of two large breasts of cockerel and a cockerel leg served with green rice, avocado salsa and a paprika source., Then Sunday, we headed to Gibbet Hill Farm for my brother and sister-in-law's baby shower. They are having a boy and since my dad is the 3rd and my brother the 4th, we have nicknamed him 5. Let's hope they figure out how to use all the great presents they got yesterday. My brother couldn't imagine the amount of blankets and what he was suppose to do with them all. Just you wait!, a computer ..... well, the whole, 1 envelope Lipton recipe secrets Onion mix, Glowed on the marble, where the glass, Beat egg whites and salt until stiff, but not dry, and pile on toast slices. Make a well in the centre of each pile of egg white. Slip yolk into each well. Top with 1/2 tsp. butter or margarine., To stop without a farmhouse near, I replied without missing a beat, “We are sharing the wet cowboy!” Get your mind out of the gutter with hers, it was a steak., We aspire to be something like an NPR talk show, but focused on copyrights, KBS 2TV ‘Boys Over Flowers’ cast – the F4 members Lee Min Ho, Kim Hyun Joong, Kim Bum, Kim Joon, together with Goo Hye Sun and Kim So Eun were at the wake of Jang Ja Yeon (27) on 8th March in Seoul University Hospital., In a large sauce pan heat 1 tablespoon of oil over low to medium heat., There is pain and there is pain and who can say who has it or how much. Maybe it’s the ones of us that refuse the crutches that complain too much. To shade our eyes, from all that is harsh, and brutal., I should have known that this is the kind of thing that happens when you start rolling with the big boys such as Molson Coors., Turnips, one small, remove skins and cut into four, Here's a quick video of our experiment. I cannot show you the one we did in our classroom, due to district rules, but I can tell you that the children were entirely fascinated and absolutely LOVED it! Some of them loved the experiment so much that they wanted to repeat it over and over again during their playtime, which we did, with my supervision, of course!, If you are a UK/EU based undergraduate due to graduate this year, you can register with the programme. To apply for an internship, all you need to do is send in an up to date copy of your CV, along with a covering letter explaining why you are suitable for the position, how you display the skills required, and why you want to work there., Some recent books featuring ghosts that I really enjoyed are:, I haven't seen the second movie but the third begins with Kelly and another guard bring a prisoner to a holding cell. The prisoner falls asleep in the holding cell and dreams that guard Kelly is a prisoner who is taken to the guard house where she is stripped naked and bent over a horse for twenty strokes with a cane that looks and sounds like a hollow plastic pipe. Next, the prisoner dreams that Kelly is bound to an overhead beam and whipped with the same belt that was used in the first movie. I don't find this scene with Kelly being whipped naked as hot as the scene in the first movie where she is whipped topless. I also don't like the camera work in this scene because there are too many closeups of her chest while she is being whipped; I would have preferred a longer shot., A great number of boomers have already realized that they may not be able to have as early a retirement as they had planned on In fact, many of these older folks have put off their retirement day well past what we used to consider the traditional age. I am not really discussing putting off the gold watch until past age 65, though that is certainly a good topic for discussion. What I am talking about is leaving work before that traditional date., For the trip of a lifetime, though, these sacrifices can and must be made. After all, barring some catastrophic event, all of my adorable shoes will be waiting for me when I get home., Gifford’s was unable to avoid the collision, and his pickup smashed into the passenger side of the Volvo. When emergency responders arrived on the scene, they discovered Curry had been seriously injured in the crash, and he was taken by LifeFlight helicopter to OHSU Hospital in Portland. Gifford was taken by ambulance to Mt. Hood Medical Center for treatment of injuries that were not thought to be life-threatening., This beer pours to a copper/amber colour with a 1cm lemon sherbet coloured head. This is another iteration of the hopped up pacific northwest IPA that reminds people of grapefruit. This one smells great, like grapefruit rind(ish) hops. When you drink it there is a very powerful bitterness to it. It has flavours similar to grapefruit and piney gin coming from the hops in this one. Their site notes that it’s a combination of Simcoe, Citra, Centennial and other hops that delivers this bouquet. They definitely strike the right chord in this beer, making for a tasty beverage., Sentiment computer generated, I am so glad that you have stopped by my Sweet Things Handmade blog. I am sponsoring a blog candy give away for my new blog. All you have to do is become a follower and leave me a comment. When I reach 100 followers I will pick a winner. So why not become a follower of my Sweet Things Handmade. In the blog candy you will receive several packages of eyelets, rhinestones and die cut letters (upper and lower case alphabet). You can use these die cuts in almost any of the leading die cut machines., in this neighborhood,, In other news, my former teacher GOT ME INTO THE CLASS!!!! Yes, Friends, I will be graduating in December. Finally!, Total time: 35 minutes, campaign contribution if it was only worn to opposition events to remind them of how liberals twist the rules? By itself, this probably won't change many minds (and none at all among liberals). The real question ought to be if she cheated on this, what else has she cheated on? Between the number of registered Democrats, the out-of-state money being spent, the voter's general acceptance of the liberal line, the ACORN-like groups and their organized cheating at the polls, Brown is still the underdog, but by a little less. Ron P. Take your,, Drip the olive oil all over the fresh cut vegetables before roasting in the oven., The veteran transmedia producer cited the NFB’s “Highrise” mixed media project about vertical living worldwide as an example of an interactive documentary that pushes the boundary in digital storytelling., FRUITION HIS WORD!, (This is why I said make sure you buy at least three spoons so you can practice), She died a few days ago. It happens, even to the best of us, and although decades and continents have come between us, there's the feeling of sadness and recognition that goes beyond the simple fact. The photo remains, as a relic and a reminder of a past reality, and although she is no more she lives on in the minds and memories of those who loved and knew her., Never one to do anything by halves, I decided to make good use of the heated wood stove ovens and the 4 litre ice-cream container full of poached quinces that I had left over from my quince poaching event last week. Steve was born in the year of the Dragon and has the luck of a Dragon to boot. Whenever I go hunting for recipes I inevitably find what I am looking for through sheer hard slog…wading through acres of mediocre sites to find one gem in the pile. Steve heads off to find a recipe and “BAM” he not only finds amazing recipes first go, but he finds a truly wonderful site along with it. After making the recipe for “A poached quince cake” I did what I usually do and went for a bit of a look-see at the rest of the site. I felt an instant alignment with the woman who owns this blog. I have more than a sneaking suspicion that what happens to us is meant to happen to us. I know that everything happens for a reason and just because it looks and feels like the most devastating thing that we are never going to get over, doesn’t mean that something incredible isn’t born from the ashes…indeed the pain of said event gives birth to the conditions for newfound happiness. We both lost a parent in January this year and I urge you to read this persons tribute to her father. Her honesty and her rich sense of the English vernacular are translated into the fabric of her posts and if I can only work out how to follow this blog I will!, Notes: This dish lends itself well to changes and substitutions. Substitute Gruyere cheese for the cheddar, addtion of thyme, a combination of any summer squash, addition of roasted red pepper would all be nice in this dish., When does one know the timing is right?, Gas prices helped sales. The nationwide average for a gallon of gas jumped 19 cents in March, from $3.73 to $3.92, and it crossed the $4 mark in California even earlier., The next set of questions is my own, designed to address specifically the intersection of character and world. Since in sf/f, establishing the nature of the world is a major task that must be accomplished at the same time as introducing the character, why not let your character carry your world in his/her own mind, emotions and judgments? These are the questions - which I phrased as though you were the character asking them of yourself:, Physicians Formula Healthy Wear Bronzer SPF50 (applied to contour cheeks), Thirteen.org has sent word of a new online, mini-documentary series they launched this week, called “New York on the Clock.”, The research into whether hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, can trigger earthquakes is being conducted just as a pair of independent papers were released internationally this week suggesting they do., The original recipe calls for the mix to be roasted before deep frying. I didn't do that since all the ingredients were already cooked, also I shallow fried and grilled, which I felt were much better options., I'm tired of being told that drug addicts have a disease, and I must help support and treat them, and pay for the damage they do. Did a giant germ rush out of a dark alley, grab them, and stuff white powder up their noses or stick a needle in their arm while they tried to fight it off?, No; retreat is impossible., You’re also the only person who can make me smile, Green chilli ... 1, I walked back into the kitchen and turned on the radio to play Bob Marley’s “Don’t worry, Be happy”. My mom loved that song. She used to sing it when I would squish things and she cleaned up the mess. I like the smell of bleach in warm water. It is almost cozy. My dad use to drink bleach. He does cocaine now. Last week I sent him some cash so he could buy some. He gets really sick when he doesn’t have any and I promised my mom I wouldn’t let him hurt himself. I looked at the clock on the stove top. The little green numbers said 2:45. Quickly, I walked into the living room and sat in the pink chair that used to sit in my mom’s living room. I picked up my cell phone and said “Hi mom!” I smiled. I like my mom. She is dead but she still finds time to call. “Uh huh…Yes mom, I am feeling happy today. Everyone in Sunnyville is happy.”, 9. Major Expansion of Support for Community Ownership, Which segues me into my next point. This is writing at a very sophisticated level. Fundamentally it reads effortlessly, the descriptions are evocative with a creative twist, and both the story line and pace flow along quite nicely. However what really stands out, without being obvious, is the control that makes it a clever story—as apposed to being clichéic; which, with this sort of a scenario could have been. Rather, the characters are complex because of their simplicity, as is the story line, and a happy ending seems only right to cap it off., LOG OFF!, LGBT employee group section, It's the faces that really get me with these - you can't help but look at them and wonder what the person did that landed them in trouble, and what their histories and personal stories are... It's a whole different vibe than what you get from most vintage photographs, that inherent element of mystery makes them just that much more interesting!, Tahini – I’ll have to attempt to make my own hummus again. The first time I tried, I didn’t turn out very well…but maybe this time I’ll be able to remedy it., and nothing changes., <U+FEFF><U+FEFF>Speaking of which how about this fabulous creation that my friend makes at Cakes by Fairies. What's not to like about this work of art? Flowers are so last season darling! Hit the 'like' button on her Facebook page if you think her creations are stunning. Or not - that's fine too. They taste as good as they look - so many people churn out novelty cupcakes of equal visual standard but most, much like French car manufacturing, are style over substance., kill 2 birds with one stone, Your future husband., This will be done regularly for various days to make assured that you eliminate them every and this can be significantly time consuming. Occasionally during treatment, all these little pests do not die or have any nits that were watching. Occasionally the have of spray nits that are intended to be utilised only for house hold purposes. Lice need blood meal every 4 to 6 hours in order to survive and when they lose two feedings in a row, their digestive system and begins to break down food., Follow chart for the 66 rows and repeat pattern from the 1st white row., Salmon with Pineapple and Terriyaki: serves 2, Instead I learned some wonderful things: that he was patient, caring, and skilled. I learned that he would rather keep the ball in play than stop to teach me a lesson about how bad I was. After all, he was trying to build our relationship, not to improve my tennis game., Oppsie, But it just doesn’t happen here. Not like that., a smile can hide, “Culture” is not some abstract, far-off idea which is only amenable to shaping by academics and “cultural types.” We are all involved in culture, all the time – using it, making it, and either shaping or being shaped by it. We can’t escape culture, and we must not allow culture to define the values and practices of our lives. Instead, we need to take up the challenge of changing culture, in as many ways as we can to reflect the beauty of Christ, the goodness of God, and the truth of His Word., Lil’ will power showin’, Gibby just called Mrs. Benson…, I had been crying all day, and I wasn’t terribly hungry. My nuggets kept getting stuck in my throat; swallowing proved to be nearly impossible. But we got through the meal. We got in the car and on a whim I looked at my phone. I had just missed a call from my grandparents–they had left a voice mail., I can't wait to see how much these young "veggie-lings" grow over the next week, because about the same time these pictures were taken, we put another round of fertilizer - Miracle-Gro Organic (aka dried chicken poop)., I hope to upload some current photos and body information later this week., For as long as there will be aristocrats in France (and let's face it, despite a big-ass revolution back in 1789 and a concerted campaign of head lopping, the aristos are alive and well in la belle France), there will be "bobos". But since the global financial meltdown, a new subset in French society has emerged. A subset of which I am proud to be a member., and several other regional and international ngos, Nature's first green is gold, Pizza Hut, May Jennifer and the other victims of this vermin rest in peace., All that being said, the novella holds promise. I enjoyed it in spite of (and sometimes for) its flaws, though I admit to laughing at times when I was supposed to be pained or titilated. I honestly believe that another draft could have fixed many of the problems., The theme is CHICKEN RUN, Once acne has occurred, Zinc is extremely important due to it being involved in healing tissue and preventing scarring. Those nasty acne scars that result from acne can be healed and prevented when proper amounts of Zinc are present in the body. Acne causes numerous problems and damages the skin in many ways and Zinc helps to heal this damage and keep the scarring to a minimal level., I would definitely Recommend this Toy to everyone! I was actually really surprised how much "DD" enjoyed playing with this and she keeps coming back to it over and over again to play with. I Love it because this is a Great Organic Developmental Toy that is constantly teaching her Shapes, Sorting, Different Textures and Colors!, 3. Alleged offences determined from material held by the Metropolitan Police in respect of ‘phone hacking’ (Contraventions of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000) and breaches of data protection legislation in Scotland., Good on her, the car drove away., Meanwhile, back in reality :, Well, the data is in. And I'm reversing one of my long-held beliefs about writing., Powering the globe, So spread the word- Lily is giving away the motherload of prizes, and all you have to do to enter to win is give to at least $10 to Peter., Layer potato slices on the bottom of the oven dish, then a layer of onions. Repeat, topping out with a layer of potato., The KDA’s Craft membership is available to licensed Kentucky distillers that maintain an inventory of less than 25,000 barrels of distilled beverage spirits, according to KDA President Eric Gregory. “Craft distilleries bring a unique perspective on issues that affect our industry because they’re small businesses,” Gregory said. “Yet they’re an important part of our growth, and we’re thrilled that many are choosing Kentucky, the authentic home for Bourbon, to launch their business.”, Anyway it was a great experience for the MUSCAT team and now we have much more information about what should be improved and how. So now it is time to implement the improvements that we think that can be done., Occasion:, Today is our first full day back since we came back from PA again. This is the real deal, because I don't have that thought of 'Oh I'll see everyone in two weeks when we come back to York' in the back of my head., I did a post-party email investigation the next day, where I found out it was Chuck who brought ‘em. Apparently, one of the Muslim guys had a friend killed in a terrorist attack, so Chuck was trying to bring him to the party to do something nice for him, and it backfired really bad. I told Chuck not to bring them (or anybody else) again., This is hardly the sort of news that young unemployed people will want to hear. If young people looking for work find themselves at the end of the jobs queue, then those in work will also be more vulnerable to the risk of redundancy –being both less established in their workplace and less expensive to get rid of - a survey of young workers by the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR) showing that few had the savings they needed to survive a redundancy and 40% of 16-24 year olds had debts of L5000 or more (www.ippr.org/images/media/files/publication/2012/02/young-people-savings_poll_Feb2012_8650.pdf), Ghiradelli Gourmet Milk Chocolate Bar: Score! Chocolate is fabulous and free chocolate is even better! Ghiradelli makes my favorite white chocolate-I like it even more than Godiva! Since I’m a white chocolate person, I gave this bar to my husband to try out. He also loves Ghiradelli and said this was a very sweet chocolate bar without being too sweet. Two thumbs up on this one!, Would a Venus man look vaguely like a human? “Why not?” counters Mr. Campbell. “After all, the human form on Earth represents two billion years of experimental engineering on the part of nature. It is the best possible form to do the things it has to. There is every reason to suppose that life on Venus, or on any other planet, if it has developed to a high level, has taken human form. But this form would have to conform to the specific conditions of the planet.”, Based upon our review of OCE reports, we expect two or three new OCE referrals for prosecution to the House Ethics Committee to break around May 17 and June 11, respectively., Baby Buns & Bunz Kidz - Girls, It's a new era of Valentine's Days for us., My manly man doesn't believe it can be a real meal without meat., The three original tracks are typically As I Lay Dying and typically impressive. ‘Paralysed’ kicks off proceedings with a solid dose of robust pummelling and insurgent riffs powered by the as usual impressive combined growls and clean vocals of Tim Lambesis and bassist Josh Gilbert respectively. The great melodic play makes the track not the most punishing the band has ever produced but does set things up for the crushing assault of ‘From Shapeless to Breakable’. Whereas the opener almost takes its time to consume this goes straight for the throat with a dark thrash metal aggressive insurgency. The drums from Jordan Mancino are attention grabbing and frame the song wonderfully as the guitars of Nick Hipa and Phil Sgrosso crash and entice in equal measure., Government policies have made cars unaffordable, while raising public transport costs. It’s like the person-in-charge Googled: “Inflation and How to Cause It”, and started taking notes., Girls fall in love, guys fall in lust. Guys chase girls, not love. I don’t believe guys ever fall deeply in love, I think biology and environment has moulded them into a form of behaviours that make them seem insensitive pigs but maybe girls feed into those behaviours and keep them breeding?, I’m a little behind on my pictures from the first few days. So keep an eye out in the next day or two for lots of photos and some more info about the city, Italian culture and everything i’ve been up to., There are three main reasons for that, analysts say. First, all three newcomers have established parents. Peach, which started flying in March, and Air Asia Japan, which starts in August, are part-owned by ANA, one of Japan’s two main carriers. Jetstar Japan, which launches operations in July, is one-third owned by Japan Airlines (JAL). Such ties have usually hobbled low-cost airlines elsewhere: incumbents hate to cannibalise their….., Speaking of comedy, my writing workshop started last night, and I think it's going to be good. I think I'm going to write the great American memoir/novel/screenplay and earn jillions and jillions of dollars!! (Cue laughter. See? COMEDY!!) But seriously, the only reason I'm really taking this is to have an excuse (and dedicated time) to exercise my writing muscle. Who knows what (if anything) will actually come out of it. But I will say this: If you don't know Spike Gillespie, you should. She's pretty fucking cool., More writerly? Learn French well enough to converse easily. Better? Fluently enough to translate contemporary poetry written in French., The story is much more complex with Android, thanks to the large variety of models that run it. Some Android models now have 4-inch screen or 4G LTE networking, both of which burn through much more battery life. To get a sense of what that means, some 4G LTE Android phones are being touted as successes because they can work 8 hours straight without a charge. That means they don’t last an entire day, just a work day. I’m sure the faster networking is great, but that’s too much of a trade-off for me., So today, on this 6th day the the quest to Live My Best Life, I filled out the FAFSA. I want to go back to school, but I will need help. I can barely pay bills every month so there's no way I can add tuition onto that, and one of my bills is already a pretty hefty student loan payment so that's not an option either. I'm almost sure that I won't get very far with the FAFSA by way of grants, but that is my first step, because grants and scholarships are what I need. I'm a single mom of 3 kids with a desire to better herself; there's got to be something out there that can help me! This was just a first step... I will need to start scouring the web looking for other sources of free money so expect to hear more about that soon., Afterall, she ran her half marathon with an injury too..., Things like drinking my coffee while he eats his oatmeal for breakfast., Food -- She is eating EVERYTHING. We finally broke down and did a proper allergy test (blood test) and discovered she is allergic to NOTHING. She still might be lactose and gluten intolerant but its unlikely that she will carry those for much longer. With this news we opened the door to new foods and she is LOVING it. Every morning we both have eggs and toast. She would eat 4 eggs every meal if I let her. And for dinner she is able to nibble at some of what we eat. Its so fun to explore new foods with her...., So tonight I got on Kate DiCamillo's website and clicked around. N is the kind of girl who knows I'll be on duty again tomorrow and will come wanting to know if I have anything new to share with her. The best thing I found, though, was a list of tips for writers that Kate has on her website. It made me think of N, and somehow, I have an easy time imagining her growing up to be the kind of writer whose books make young readers cry their eyes out and come back for more., I hosted my 2nd cookie exchange for 10 of my close friends. We each had to make 6 dozen cookies. I am always nervous to try out new cookie recipes for occasions like this so I stuck to a cookie that's always been a hit, I made the Cranberry Pistachio Mexican Wedding Cake Cookie., All proceeds of Face to Face will go to organizations that help African children., Yesterday, I posted my humble Versatile Blogger Award acceptance speech and fulfilled all the requirements for winners, including listing 7 little known facts about myself., as, The second thrilling installment in Richelle Mead's Vampire Academy spinoff series, She’s also gone on extensively about how she won’t take me to Beautiful Town because Grand Ma Normal Family and Sweet Aunt would “crucify” her. She told Angry Man earlier that she was going to beat the crap out of me, tie me up, and then kill me., but I don't think so., WALL*E (Thomas Newman), Why do so many people associate being Catholic with being racked by guilt and not joy? In my lifetime I have certainly made enough mistakes and turned my back on God at different times to deserve to feel guilty so why does so called 'Catholic Guilt' not apply to me? If I ever feel guilty about something, then I tend to realise that this is precisely because I've done something wrong, not because of the church trying to make me feel that way., 272 **1. “On the Idea of Justice in Ancient Athens.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, January 4, 1996, p. 5, January 11, 1996, p. 7; Hellenic Journal, San Francisco, California, February 6, 1996, pp. 6, 8; The Mediterranean, New York, New York, Spring-Summer 1996, pp. 20-22. (Source: Item D-VI/4/1994, below. Incorporated in Item C-1999(5), above, pp. 599-604.), "People who wanted to have children would apply to make sure they have no diseases. Why do we have to do it through genetic engineering? Well, we have to let only the fit breed ... Freedom is not necessarily a right. It is a privilege that you have to earn. A lot of people abuse their freedom and that is something that people have to be trained not to do.", That creature includes much more than fellow man. It includes all that is contained in this universe. It could be that dream home, that new car or long awaited caravan. We can do without those things for of what value will they be when you stand before the judgment seat of Christ?, That's 1/4 of a year! WHAT???, …for them that honor me I will honor, and they that despise me shall be lightly esteemed., So my sister and I headed out to San Bernardino for the concert. I had been to the Glen Helen Ampitheater before (now its called the San Manuel Ampitheater) and I am still pleased with this venue. It didn't take long to get there, parking was easy, and short walk to the entrance. Then once you enter the food, restrooms, and access to the lawn section were all right there. The lawn seats weren't bad at all unlike other venus I've been to., Mobile Roadie has just added iPad apps and mobile websites to its self-service toolset, a big move beyond its iPhone and Android app offerings. The Finnish company counts 20 million end users across its platform., To bring us together, a sly backward glance, The specific purpose of the Black Hills Wild Horse Sanctuary is to provide life and freedom to unadoptable and unwanted wild horses, and to contribute herd management research for the well-being of wild horses everywhere. The sanctuary is home to more than 600 wild Mustangs, and also a mixed herd of wild American Spanish and Sulphur Mustangs. Here's a brief lesson about wild horses in America:, Aim for knowledge, File On 4 of 12 February 2008 interviewed former party treasurer John Brayshaw who refused to sign off the party's accounts because he claims he was not given the access to all the records he needed to see., your touch, Her eyes move down to see what he is talking about, and grow in horror. There, below her naked bosom, are a series of protrusions forming bubbles under the surface of her thinly stretched skin. Two lines of small sacs bulged from her abdomen, with strange organic forms faintly visible beneath the tightened skin’s surface. She screams and sobs, trying to cover herself, but the uniformed men on either side of her continue to hold her arms up uncomfortably., I am set to star in a romantic comedy called ‘Sam’ sometime in the next year. It’s about an alpha male who is magically transformed into “me” and ends up falling in love with his best buddy. In the process he/she learns what it means to be a woman., Slavery was very had on the black family. Many times black men with family requested to be placed on plantations down the road away from their families. It was very hard for them to watch their wife and daughters raped by the master. It was very hard for them to see their sons abused also. They would meet their families at church on Sunday. The custom of dressing up for church in the Black community spurn out of that Sunday meeting. As a slave you has no say-so of whether you would be brought or sold. This option was the only rare exception. The Master were not aware of their need to be sold. Many men tried to save up money to buy themselves out of slavery. Then they try to purchase their family. I can’t imagine what must have been like to have to buy your self to be free. The drawing above came from that research. I tried to create a sense of hopelessness and hope of Sunday Morning in the drawing., +++ Next Wednesday: Game 3 vs Belgium and Dark Eldar *gulp* +++, Some will say those phenomena represent Libya’s “growing pains.” I see them as signs of instability in the present and as ill omens for the future., Same roasted grain taste and a decent bitter pop. It's indistinct, with any particular characteristics drowned out by the roasted flavor. It still has that hint of sweetness too, and it still seems a bit like a milk stout., Am I a good poet? I like to think so. Others no doubt disagree., But then i guess Saudi Arabia is a country where even though you might be able to find ppl of all different backgrounds and nation but still they all tend to live in their own bubbles. Well at least thats what ppl i spoke to at the event talked about the most., Have a wonderful weekend! See you back here on Tuesday., Also featured on this program will be Made New Acappella from Louisville, KY., Ooh, Blogger has a new interface and, as with all new things, I find it scary and unusable. I am sure I'll get used to it but I am not overly keen of it thus far., Ceremony: St. John Vianney Church in San Jose, CA, “Well, all I know is that I am content with my life right now and that is what gets me by.”, Australia’s leading counter-terrorism agency has been providing intelligence to the federal government on environmental groups that campaign against coal mining., Tinto verano., Humans, possessing an animal body, can have sex without communicating with each other. The exercise can go on and on, or repeat, without achieving an HEA, just as all animals do. Humans can go through the gymnastics of sexual intercourse without communicating. It even results in procreation! Or not., of 9/11., Our summer was a little too cool for heat loving crops like squash, so our harvest will be smaller than usual, but they'll still make for some yummy soups, stews, and desserts (and maybe even a jack-o-lantern or two)., What the stellar remnant then becomes is also debated. It was the general idea that simply nothing could fight against such a strong gravitational force, and the object would collapse to a singularity - a black hole. Recently, some astronomers have theorized the existence of one more intermediate state: quark stars. Quarks are the elementary particles from which protons and neutrons are made. Just as electron degeneracy and neutron degeneracy can prevent further collapse, it's possible that quark degeneracy could act similarly. So far, though, no one has ever seen such a quark star - they're simply on the theoretical drawing board at this point., *Whisk together all of the above Ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Once well blended, toss the sliced steak in the mixture until well coated. Cover and place in the refrigerator for at least one hour., This week's forum topic was inspired by a couple of recent comments here at The Ape about advertising, attention, and literary writing., Ignoring the fact that he really expected me to drive everyone to Six Flags, I pretty much flipped out once again about how I try not to set foot in any amusement park if I could help it. It's not that I hate the place, I have no reason to pay for a ticket when I know I'm not going to ride any rides. And no it's not because I'm scared of the rides. It's because I know the kinds of people who run them, that's what I'm afraid of. The punk ass 16 and 18 year old there fore their summer jobs with minimum training and limited knowledge of safety procedures. I was one of those kids only a few years ago, I wouldn't even trust my past self to run any ride now. After two years of being a so called "Carnie" it can do without it., incompetence. But really, what were we to expect? The man has never been, Can't wait to try more recipes from the book!, Because of one woman's desire to protect innocent children at risk of such exploitation, G.R.O.W was founded. Faa is a young woman after my own heart, and the ministry that she is providing to 8 at-risk children inspires me. We had an opportunity to eat dinner and have a worship service with the children. Please continue to pray for the GROW ministry with the wisdom to make several decisions with expansion., I have had another visit from my daughter and grandsons over the weekend, which was really lovely. I don't usually see them as often as this because they live nearly 200 miles away. I must have really scared my daughter when she came two weeks ago and I was in such pain. However, she can see that things have really improved since she was last here and that must have been a relief., from her Friends Lacie, Scruffy and Stanley, Gold Gel pen, Okay, we can see why Miss Asta likes this - Smilebox makes it much easier to show off a group of photos at once - so here we go - our visit to South Australia. Even though Aunty Kris lives in the desert it was actually very green. We got to visit the local parks, the beach, the Arid Land Gardens and Redcliffs Lookout. We went up into the Flinders Ranges and saw lots of small towns and some giant CHICKENS running around with sheep!!!!, And I'm sorry, this post is super... dead. I have no idea why. Ok wait I know. It's 1am on Wed! I'm supposed to be posting J now and I'm only on H... Sigh:( going to sleep now, school in the morning! Goodnight!, In the United States, wheat constitutes a large part of the domestic economy, makes up a large part of the nation’s exports, and serves as the national bread crop., Keeping on top of her physical fitness over the holidays, Mandy Moore was spotted leaving a gym after working out in West Hollywood, CA on Wednesday (December 21)., 29 Select the Rectangle tool (R) and draw a 31 by 31 pixel borderless square on the stage. If you prefer buttons with borders, by all means do make a border. Pick any color you like., I like the drippy shape smooth but pointy edges, and it’s spiky style is just right to hold a packet of chilli based snacks, whilst we are working our way through another bottle of red (just in the interest of reusing the bottle you understand)., Wicked, Because most clothing stores do not sell clothing in my size anymore. Can you believe it?!, The defense wants records from the defendant’s parents, George and Cindy Anthony; her former fiancé, Jesse Grund; her brother, Lee Anthony; a friend, Amy Huizenga; and Roy Kronk, the meter reader who found Caylee’s remains in December of last year., I'm off to do a little more weekend sewing!, (Non police readers who want to know more about what a ‘duty inspector does - or police officers, for that matter! – should read the bottom few paragraphs, which outline the role a bit more.), Directions:, Football is littered with teams labelled as ‘bottlers’. Manchester City in 1972/73 faltered with the signing of Rodney Marsh, Newcastle with Faustino Asprilla’s arrival and any number of Manchester United sides post-1968 and pre-Premier League era. Who knows will Mancini’s City join them? Certainly none of the teams in the hunt for 3rd to 5th are in this category but relatively speaking, failure could be quite damaging. Noises coming from all of the clubs are of Summer clearouts or key players leaving. Not shouting out that you are staying means Mr Star Player that you are leaving. Sign your new contract in blood for added loyalty., Only when it is over., Mostly I just want to build a business that’s going to get me the life I want, and I need to be fit and healthy to be successful. So I’m Going Outside!, But yay! I have it finally completed and ready for a future grandbaby..., Break down your story into three major plot arcs: the beginning, the middle, and the end. This author does a nice, rather in-depth post about the three-part plot structure – he even has pictures – so I’ll just give you a little suggestion instead: try writing your three arcs as three separate paragraphs. Fitting with the concept of the three-part structure, the first paragraph should be more of an introduction, whereas much of the action would take place in the second and third parts., Electric Blanket Swim Competition, Okaaaaay. The gal knows what she wants!, Bruce Wilson -These chairs were designed in 1958 for the Radisson SAS Hotel in Copenhagen in 1958. What I like about this designer ~ and so many others like him at the time ~ is that he took a total design approach to the project that he worked on. In design spaces for his clients, he attended to every aspect of the project ensuring that everything turned out perfectly., There are so many exciting things happening in my life right now that I can't wait to share, but for now I'll have to leave you with an extreme cuteness overload for your weekend., Dress Rehearsal Rag, by Leonard Cohen:, Tana Aguirre, I've decided post that dark-ish, blah photo, because this I just couldn't resist sharing the recipe for this amazing Tarte Dijonnaise., as i fumble through the pages, Today, I spent my lunch hour at Oak Park Mall shopping. As I left the mall, I noticed a car one aisle over swing into the parking spaces a bit aggressively., In discernment counseling, Dr. Doherty helps the leaning-out spouse decide if the decision to leave the marriage is the correct one. And he helps the leaning-in spouse cope in a way that doesn’t make the situation worse—without pleading, threatening or otherwise turning off the already irritated spouse. Over five sessions, Dr. Doherty has the couple examine what was good about the marriage, what got them to this point and what they did to try and save the marriage. He lays out three alternatives: marriage as it has been, divorce, or a six-month reconciliation with marriage therapy. Of the 25 couples Dr. Doherty counseled, 40% decided to try the reconciliation; the rest divorced or are thinking it over., Most. Terrifying. Dinner. Ever., There was the question of what to do with the shield once we arrived at our destination. I usually stowed it under the motorhome and hoped the wind wouldn't blow it away. There was also the fear that I would forget the shield was under the motorhome and I would run over it. It wasn’t long before I felt that putting the shield and windshield cover on and off was a lot of bother., From the poem Two Tramps in Mud Time, But it IS Saturday..., Even cooler is that the guy informed me he wasn't looking for much because he had received the card as a throw-in, and was just happy to see it go to a good home and a collector who would appreciate it. Hell, he even insinuated a dollar or two would suffice, but I'll definitely be sending him the five bones he originally requested. It's my newest Getzlaf, and one I'm really happy to have., the walls are painted "black horizon" by benjamin moore. the sofa was a $25 dollar thrift store find, which i kept in its original state (upholstery-wise) for a few years, and just recently had reupholstered. i love it! i adore the lines of it, plus our home is quite small for now, so it fits just perfectly. the acrylic coffee table is from cb2, and the knick-knacks on the table are from various places, like thrift stores, target, jonathan adler, and local boutiques. the painting that hangs over the sofa was painted by your's truly. you can read about it here. the swing arm lamps flanking the sofa were also thrift store finds, which i topped off with small shades from lowe's. the two mirrored side tables are from target, and i replaced the knobs with knobs from anthropologie. the nude drawing to the left of the sofa was also done by me, in college. the jute rug is from lowe's., I can see past the fake tits, and plastic dicks, Until last night, I had never seen the first two minutes of Iron Man, and it totally changed my perspective on the entire film. “So what”, you ask, “nothing happens, they just crack some jokes on a Humvee ride.” – But oh, its incredibly important. You see, this is Tony Stark’s initial “Save the Cat” moment. (“Save the Cat” is a phrase for when the main character does something endearing/heroic in the first 20 minutes so that the audience will like him.) The opening scene: the legendary Tony Stark is riding in a Humvee with three US soldiers; its quiet, awkward, and boring. Tony breaks the silence with a few jokes, and after a minute everyone is laughing, snapping pictures, and enjoying his company. Its a simple scene but it establishes Tony Stark as inherently fun and likable. Without this introduction, Tony’s character is merely an arrogant billionaire playboy with no redeeming qualities whatsoever., Friday: Chicken and ham en croute with peas and sweetcorn, Political parties yesterday expressed concern about the Selebi matter., Sagina subulata, probably, that you will never bare now, Thank you for your support over this past year. We sincerely appreciate it., Yesterday my sister and I ran the Second Empire 5K Classic in downtown Raleigh, NC. It was a gorgeous spring day, low 70s F with blue skies and a cool breeze..., I will see you guys all next time. Goodnight everyone., Seeth thou a man diligent in his business! Tell your neighbor “stop being lazy and your star will begin to rise”., “You’re a bad guy, man,” Meyer said. “You’re a bad guy.”, And now Grootvlei’s two of three mineshafts have flooded permanently with untreated, highly radiactive and poisonous mine-water referred to as ‘acid-mine drainage (AMD). Only one shaft was still operative but its gold-output was ‘diminutive’ and the pumping was increasingly inconsistent by January 2010., It is entirely possible that I have multiple personalities and one of them is an adolescent boy. Bathroom humor and penis jokes? Count me in!, 10. Use the words “Mad”, “March”, and “Memories” in your journaling, but not as one phrase, It's 3:09am. I got home later last night from two days of sales meetings, which apart from being fun and worthwhile, make this chubby-mummy a little tired... more so when you're pregnant of course because having to turn your brain on max capacity for two days straight is like trying to pull my pre-pregnancy skinny jeans up over my hips at this point... impossible and complete with post-marathon-esque exhaustion. Throw some air travel in there and BAM, recipe for potential disaster. Which currently describes the status of my face... itchy, flaky, red spots have taken over to the point that when I itched my right eyebrow for the last two days it appeared to be snowing in the conference room when in fact it was just my rejected skin falling off my face in public... you know, the pregnancy glow! I also managed to pick up two friends for Cindy Crawford (my faithful sidekick of a pimple that's been with us since January) which is delightful as it's likely I've picked up three new scars for the Dermatologist I will never see (due to shortages) to laser off., 1st was good. We stayed the night at the Ritz Carlton. (we have a hook up for that), *Plus it's a pretty rad bag!, The sixth; he burst five buttons off,, Please stop by and leave Bonnie some comment lovin and let her know how much you enjoy Photo Art Friday. Pop by a few of the other entrants and then why not give this a try yourself., I think to calm myself down, I’ll watch High Fidelity on loop. That book/movie doesn’t have a very uplifting relationship plot either, but at least John Cusack is there, and Cusack is an always comforting presence., See:, We have decided that she will be Skye Lilly and no middle name but known as Skye for day to day. Thanks everyone., what to look for, I love homeschool..., I already can't wait until the next one! Hope everyone has a wonderful evening and don't forget to enter my blogiversary giveaway... tonight is your last chance! Will be picking a winner tomorrow!, In my opinion the best way to fight the stereotype that baseball is boring was to show moments that are considered exciting no matter where they take place. I felt that if I showed top plays or historically important moments in the game that there could still be doubt. Everyone reacts to fights in different ways, but they’re sure to get your adrenaline going and at the very least cause some tension., Please mention JOB CODE while applying for particular post., guitar comprised what would later be known as the “classic”, Only purchase from sites that offer secure browsing (SSL/https). You can tell if a site uses SSL/https if there is a padlock icon on the bottom corner or in the address bar of your browser. Some browsers like Internet Explorer and Chrome turn the address bar green to indicate that the site is secure. Even if a site uses SSL/https, remember that SSL only works to create a secure Internet tunnel between you and the e-commerce server. You can still transmit sensitive data over to cyber criminals, so it’s best to run frequent anti-malware scans., You may know that Pam is my sister-in-law, that she lives in Germany, and that she's one of the best friends I've ever had., Another 5 star discovery this year:, Hands up, I confess. I’m an idiot. I bought a mascara because the bright shouty packaging caught my eye and I was in a rush without bothering to have a look at the wand. Had I spotted the wand prior to purchasing this I wouldn’t have bothered because I know that my little piggy eyes don’t play nicely with big wands., CATALOG: MTN-20 / SUZ-01, Then, I hopped in the truck and headed to the North East side to see the girls. I chatted with my mom the whole way, too. She was at work already, and we had fun chatting. I stayed till around 11 and chatted with the girls. They are a TON of fun., Or, at least, I did once I opened my eyes and found myself lip to lip with a large yellow beak., * Newconquista of the New World, I would encourage you, if you do follow the Kolbe plans, to blackline assignments that cover topics your child has clearly mastered, and generally avoid anything that smacks of busy work. The plans, like the text, cover every possible grammar need, allowing you to be the Benevolent Dictator, mercifully skipping over long exercises training students out of bad habits they had no idea existed until seeing them in the book., Meanwhile, Gareth Ratcliffe has written a piece in the WyeLocal detailing what, exactly, a town council does, and what its powers are, and Steve Felgate has written a piece about Hay Together and the elections., Also, like I said, it's boring. Compared to the real threats to life on Earth, the righteous ascending and months of war with demons just seems 'meh.' When we talk of giant rocks smashing into the Earth, or the immense power of the Sun, or a gamma ray burst which would microwave all life off the surface of the Earth, now those are powerful demises that should be feared., Unlike her mother, Salka learns: she learns how to read books, how to read people, and she learns from her mistakes. We meet Salka as a rough, uneducated, illegitimate girl, who speaks her mind with complete honesty even when it means being rude. She isn't afraid of anyone, and her imposing looks and strength inspire admiration and yearning in those around her. Salka's hard work and determination bring her out of poverty and earn her independence, and throughout her hard life she finds the resources to help others along the way, through friendship and material means. Her only weakness turns out to be her lifelong love for a weak man., Getting by,” she replied., “The young people are up for grabs, ideologically, and I don’t think either party has figured out how they’re going to handle this libertarian wave,” he said.As I said, fascinating. Hoping some of the disaffected will show up at our Occupy events... hey, we got MOVIES, yall!, March 8, 2001; Cape Town, South Africa;, On Veterans Day we honor all,, OK, well I'll be off now - thanks loads for visiting me and any comments you might leave, I really appreciate each and every one. TTFN.............xx, -20, And now grown rich with plunder’d store,, It just made me stop and think about each type., Gas Chambers, They were granted R5 000 bail each and required to hand in their service firearms. The case was postponed to August 8., Not of much appeal for middle-schoolers, to be sure, but I’ve always been struck by how his writing prowess was recognized around the world before it came to the attention of his employer and my alma mater, Oregon State. As I recall, he was offered a prestigious fellowship but his boss in the English Department wouldn’t let him out of his teaching obligation … a decision that shortly led to Malamud’s departure from the university., That said, I got a book into production that had the same title (same genre, slightly similar plots) as another book at a much, much larger company. We had both announced our deals in PW, and just missed each other through neglect. At the last minute, the big house called me and tried to bully me into changing my title--but we were already close to press, and so we won (they had to change). There is no moral to this story, really; it only proves that it could come about that no one ever notices your title match., Thanks so much for stopping by! Have a great night!, TBN sends the message that going to, living in, or working in Hollywood means one has arrived. That one is successful., His death was a result of a series of curses which he received in his life. Those curses were due to the misjudgment of the ones giving them. It was also due to his mother who did not care about her eldest son but was content with her 3 sons and 2 step-sons, though she came to plead to him before the day he was suppose to fight Arjun to not fight,but Karna said it was too late for her to recognize him as her son.It was also result of his giving up of his body Armour and earning with which he was born to Lord Indra who came disguised as a poor Brahmin. Karna use to pray to Sun God at every noon and he was famous for giving away anything that some asked from him at that time even if it may lead to his death. Indra capitalized on that nobility of karna and asked for his armour to save his son. Indra, shamed into generosity by Karna’s gesture, reciprocated by giving Karna the boon to use his most powerful weapon, the Vasavi shakti, but only once. It was then that Karna earned the name Vaikartana, as he cut the armour off his body without flinching., Stamps: Friends Never Fade, Easter Blossoms, If I am telling the truth, why do you not believe me?, You are so pretty in your smokey glass shape. I can just see you all dolled up in a white drum shade trimmed in black, looking all smart and sophisticated., We were talking about Jermaine and when she pressed me to tell her what he did for me, I told her that he made me feel important. When I met him and we started dating, it was like the popular guy choosing the smart girl. He was handsome and sexy and had an air of confidence around him that I couldn't have even began to fake. He was gorgeous and well liked. Everywhere we went, people paid attention. He was well known in town and we got a lot of special treatment because of it., In some instances each of these solutions can work. However, they are by no means as universal fixes, as some in the development community often assumed. Not only does this narrative take away the agency of women, it also neglects the other side of the equation – the nature of care provided. It ignores what should be a fundamental question: why don’t we ensure that maternal health services are actually appealing to pregnant women?, Left Hand Milk Stout, 5, 1. A translation is found in Deussen’s Sechzig Upanishads des Veda,, Maralena Howard http://www.artchain.com/ArtChain, is a searchable art directory. They provide free listings for art groups, schools, museums, galleries and guilds, as well as individual artists. Visitors can locate art resources in their communities or on their travels. I check it often to see who’s been added. Check it out – and be sure to register yourself and/or your affiliations. Great networking tool., The two men fled the scene on bicycles., This picture makes the shirt look brown from the lighting, I was kind of in a hurry but the shirt is in fact black. Now he'll have a little shirt that announces his special day and goes with our party theme. Thanks so much for stopping in today!!, African Mango is recommended as a must have by Dr. Oz for weight loss!, The candy will end at June 13th, at 23.59 norwegian time., After the epidural a nurse sat next to my bed the rest of the evening watching the baby's heartrate...the contractions were a little much for that darling....but she hung in there....I think she knew how important that VBAC was to me! After getting a little rest I told the Doctor that I was starting to feel pressure....I need to go to the bathroom. She giggled and checked me...10 cm. It was nearly morning and it was time., Isn’t this true? Why should change happen if there is no reason for it? And what is the financial impact and the implications if change is essential and it does not happen?, A major EPT innovation was the use of skills, something not everyone in the OSR has time for, but here the system is kept beautifully simple, a bridge between rules-heavy and -light. Number and type of skill are determined randomly at generation, also giving potentially very large variation, but the player may choose freely within a type. There's an optional homeworld tech level, again entirely random, opening up more. Skills can also be learnt over the course of a campaign, with time and credits spent, or with experience., Provide jarrings, I don’t want to get to the end of my life…the end of my time….and realize that I never really lived., 5) Both players should agree on whether the resulting compound statement works or not. If the statement works, you discard the three cards used in the turn, and go again. If the statement doesn’t work, you keep the cards in your hand, and lose your turn., Once upon a time, there was a common gray tree frog, minding its own business. And yet, this was a slightly ditzy Hyla versicolor, prone to making less than perfect decisions. However, in its defense, it had never been accused of being OCD., LESSON 9. Cuttings. Mrs. Tropical Expat got some cuttings of Malaysian basil from a neighbour. She used some rooting hormone, and then put them in a little water and promptly forgot about them. When she remembered them she found the water almost evaporated – but the cuttings had long strong roots as they searched desperately for water. These are still thriving in my garden and the leaves are useful for toppings on salads or homemade pizza. I don’t know if this approach will always work, but perhaps being cavalier this time did., It's good. It didn't last 3 hours., Calmly waiting - that's how I feel most days about this PG. Happy, Please apply in writing, enclosing a CV and a covering letter stating your suitability for the post, to katy.fox@traplet.com or Craft Stamper Magazine, Traplet Publications, Traplet House, Pendragon Close, Malvern WR14 1GA., This given task is noble as the message it contains, (Source: www.yvesrocher.ca), Nobody says that, right? I mean unless you’re dating? It’s not like you tell whoever flashed by your inner eye that they did indeed flash by your inner eye. Naked., It is not clear whether Chesterton's Orthodoxy, published on September 25, 1908, had any direct influence on Baring's conversion, but considering Baring's admiration for Chesterton's earlier works and his growing fondness for the author, it would be surprising if he had not read Chesterton's hugely influential volume in the months immediately preceding his reception into the Church on February 1, 1909., What comes through in everybody’s answers is an enduring love of books, writing and romance, from classics (Jane Eyre) to YA (Wicked, Lovely) to all-time favorites Mary Stewart and Georgette Heyer. (My favorites, too). “It’s all about passion,” someone pointed out., or three..., Do you know what it's like to have your fan blowing hot air at you?, And about that STUPID DANGED WORD VERFICATION Captcha crap:, How fortunate were we to have sunshine and deep blue skies on a day my husband and I set out on a planned country walk. My original idea, a.k.a. “the plan” was to follow a prescribed walk that featured a panoramic view of the Cotswold plain and a rock formation called Devil’s Chimney. How hard is it to follow a set path with a map and clearly described markers? Apparently, harder than we thought. But, as is often the case for us, getting lost was all part of the fun., But Junkii has wanted to try camping for a few years now. I don’t know if I’m up for it, but if it makes him happy…, But it was still fun., It's summer break for the girls at Beachwood Academy and that means sun, surf, and sensational escapades at the Beachwood Country Club. Abby, a rising sophomore, is so excited to have gotten a last-minute gig as a lifeguard, especially because jobs are usually reserved for club members., The third reason was that there was a strong strain of non-sectarian thinking in the PIRA and its supporters that, though not universal or always observed, was obviously widespread and genuine. The PIRA was fighting for a British withdrawal from Ireland, subsequent to which NI would be incorporated into a united Ireland. This would obviously entail the Protestant population of NI becoming the fellow Irish citizens of the rest of the Irish, north and south of the border, a development hardly likely to result in a harmonious state of affairs if Protestants had good reason to believe they would be subjected to homicidal antipathy by those fellow citizens. This is not to suggest that there was no sectarian feeling amongst PIRA members, only that an ideological opposition to sectarianism was a strong force amongst PIRA leaders. In contrast, the UVF and UDA were battling to keep NI in the UK and to keep Protestants in a dominant position therein. They were not trying to win friends amongst the Catholic population, and had no particular need to be esteemed by them., . . . setting you free to live a pure and holy life?, About Melvin Sparks, Recently at mass I wasn’t hearing a thing from the congregation when I raised my hand to invite them to sing. During the Gloria I thought “this is going to be a long afternoon”. Mine felt like the only voice in the church, and I felt guilty and foolish, like I was putting on a concert when we were supposed to be praying together., Gone away is the bluebird,, I love the idea of the Asian jars and cherry blossoms, especially for my foyer area. I love the drama of the height which would be an exciting introduction to my home. Now, I just have to figure out where to buy cherry blossoms., The RMS Titanic of the White Star Line, largest ship the world had ever known, sailed from Southampton on her maiden voyage to New York, on April 10, 1912. She was built by Messrs. Harland and Wolff, at Belfast. She was a fabricated steel vessel of gigantic dimensions, registered at Liverpool, her gross tonnage was 46,328 tons, her length overall being 882 feet, with a breadth of 92 feet and a depth of 65 feet. The distance from the keel to the top of the funnels was 175 feet., Stewie did not go to CrossFit last night. Nor did he eat onions, thankfully. He is excited to go for a long walk on Saturday while wearing his green sweater. Go Ducks!, - chopped fresh cilantro to taste, By this time, she had already started filling her senses with his masculine smell, from his sweating body., “The fox is a clever and oppotunistic predator , and carcasses of penguins and other small marsupials can be seen around their dens and scattered through the dunes., Many years ago , I fiddled around in the world of textile design. I freelanced for months at a time. I sold some patterns independently. Some of which I still see on occasion and point out to my kids - "Look! I designed that print!" others I see, and think to myself "enh, I got paid." ( think, Vermont Country Store night gown prints and TJ Maxx old lady Nighties ), Friends, I am writing today to help support a very good cause, and to announce a wonderful crafty giveaway. Our design team member, Nikki, lost her mother in early December. I can't tell you how saddened we were to hear this news. While we didn't know her mother, we were extremely blessed to hear her amazing life story; one that Nikki shares with us on her blog., Thompson, That is some of the things we have been working on around here in order to be more prepared for whatever should happen in life. What is going on in your life? Do you try to be prepared?, MATERIAL, I went for the more expensive beer, and had to love Charlie Pride on the jukebox., Kevin Brown (Padres) vs. Barry Bonds - Onyx Extreme - (Giants), Sure I haven’t really had any GD since I am me most the time but in its place has come lots of guilt and major worries of other kinds., He still looks like the kid in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. But, then, he probably feels like the kid in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, with all the records he's selling lately., Paolo Gavanelli shouted his way through too much of the role of Dr Dulcamara, but is fine, and does what's required for the laughs. In this production he has an assistant (played by James Bellorini) who communicates only in mime, and we realise why he's so good at conning people: he's a showman and a performer, and Arden extends the idea of his story telling "performance" aria/duet with Adina, to a few of his other numbers, always supported dramatically by the antics of his assistant. It's a nice touch and one that makes the characters far more appealing., Servings : 8-10, 4. Make Friends with the Nurses – I quickly learned that if you have a good nurse, you’ll be much happier for it! I’m chatty and made friends with Nurse Angie, who went out of her way to get me “upgraded” to a nicer room. It was a quiet flat-screen TV, wood floors, a couch and table, not to mention a much better bathroom situation (upgraded features). Also, there are different levels of hospital rooms?, Sparrow's Flight by Sam Kepfield, Blog hop runs from 12:01 AM June 15th through to 11:59 PM June 22th, 2012., OK....I'm just sayin....there is something totally scary about selling your house in just four days on the market. Actually.....I really thought my house was worth way more than what we put it up for but we had to be realistic and price it per square footage! So Yay! But now comes the weird stuff...like appraisals...and buyers potentially nickel and dimin you to death....over little things. I know they are coming....I can just feel it! Been there....done that! So please pray for me...that I don't go Sha Nay Nay on somebody!, I would say my favourite collective myths are our own Celtic ones. Walking through a British woodland or standing on a rugged coast, I can still sense the atmosphere of these tales even today, probably because the stories are more earthly bound than those of the Gods and Goddesses of other cultures., pray, I set up force field that puts pressure on him and his evil devices. And, Some people try to make the movement’s incoherence, its refusal to declare what its goals are, as something approaching a strategy in itself. Ah, yes – the old “we have no strategy” strategy. Apparently, not knowing what you’re doing or where you wish to go is now something of a mystic state. Declining to nominate a spokesman, decrying the very idea of leaders and leadership, working to “consense” all your scattered issues is the new way of building a movement., OK, we choose bust. I’ll explain in a minute., I’m looking for the words to say, I really started reading this on a whim, I really did. At the time, I had convinced myself that I wasn’t reading nearly enough shounen or seinen manga. Kanojo wo Mamoru 51 Houhou was a faraway memory, and I wasn’t about to read Uzumaki again (the nightmares…) Also, I had no interest in reading delinquent manga, really. So I decided to take a leap of faith and read this, because it sure sounded interesting., It takes a lot of confidence to walk out your door wearing gigantic sunglasses, sporting a bulbous wrap on your head, and bright red lips. You have to own it and be committed to the look. In addition to feeling secure, be prepared for the looks you are sure to get. If you decide to try June's trademark look, you better be able to sell it like Naomi Campbell on the catwalk. Head held high, strut down the street like theme music is playing with each step you take. Nothing less will be accepted. If you cannot picture yourself in the above scenario, please do not rush out and buy a bunch of turbans. They will collect dust and you will have wasted your money., Cool dude…..hahaha, And Obama must be beat!, “For good or for bad., The way to do that is to make people watch. The way to do that is to have your best athletes competing. This sport MUST figure out how to do that with some regularity. Because the scattershot appearance schedule of track and field’s best is just not getting it done! Why is this so hard and how do we fix it? I have some ideas on both fronts that I will put out there while we are waiting for our top athletes to start competing!, The stamps used are THE Wendy Vecchi Botanical Art and the flowers are Lord Tim of Holtz Tattered Florals ... you know Tim ... the man that designed every flower known to the most expert of experts while making a scale model of the new Olympic Stadium on the top of a pin head with just a Distress Marker Pen and a swoosh of Distress Stain., Before we get to the article, allow me to express my disgust and disbelief at the lacking spiritual discernment of those Fundamentalists who accept and promote Mark Driscoll. If you call me unkind or arrogant or wrong for making that remark, then may God help you. That man may say some good things, but he is vulgar, inappropriate, blasphemous and any Fundamentalist who likes him, his preaching, or supports him is simply (pardon my vocabulary) ignorant and lacking discernment., There are a lot of people I want to thank for being a part of my life., piracy. It is a kidnapping – plain and simple. That gold-fringed flag, Raised In (Pennsylvania), Join the battle!, I was devastated because of the base cruelty of what I saw, but I was inspired by the courage of children and the realization of how much power children have., But evolution do not stop for that., Update: There are a lot of rumors swirling about this group's involvement with the site, and until I get a document or something clearer in my hands, I'll freely admit that I don't exactly know what their connection to it is (some even say this group may be unrelated to the awful landlord). Still, I think can revise this post by simply saying "If these are the Pinnacle guys you've read about, then . . .", You might be wondering why four? Well... that's what "The Bacon Bits" are challenging us with - using four of something on our cards. It could be embellishments, papers, images, etc., as long as there are four., One of my goals is to produce fresh, spontaneous artworks that will leap off the canvas. I will need to “look three times, make one brushstroke and leave it!” This is absolutely necessary for wet-in-wet painting, so this challenge has come at just the right time for me., I wanted to showcase one last decorative item. I think that this Nate Berkus ikat bowl is TO DIE FOR! Ikat is beautiful and you can find it all over the place right now (lamps, rugs, bowls...I'll take them all!). I think that this bowl from Nate's line at HSN would look beautiful on one of the shelves in our living room (hint hint hubby!). Here she is in all her glory!, Sponsored by UK Trade & Investment, the exhibition at La Triennale di Milano also includes models and prototypes of the Torch and has been inaugurated with a launch event which saw the presence of the designers, Edward Barber and Jay Osgerby, the Milan City Councilor for sports and leisure, Assessore Chiara Bisconti in Milan., The question then is, what are the model’s predictive, and prescriptive qualities? I suspect if this model is written down properly, it would have multiple equilibria, with advanced capitalist countries being the ‘good equilibrium’ and developing countries being the ‘bad’ one. The question then is, how does a country like Bangladesh transition to good equilibrium?, 14 In The End, I had friends popping around unexpectedly on Friday morning and there was nothing to give them, so I needed a quick, tasty, gluten free biscuit that I could have done and cooling by the time they arrived. I went to my trusty Porridge book and of course good old Margaret Briggs had this recipe for School Dinner Oat Cookies. In a school she worked in years ago they served these with blancmange. How very Enid Blyton! These make a crisp, sweet, chewy biscuit. Impossible to eat just one., Another technique I’ve been using a lot more lately is to draw out what’s going on in the code. For one of my recent programming assignments, I had to write a bunch of methods for a list class, and every time, I would end up with AT LEAST two NullPointerExceptions somewhere in the body. I just got fed up, and spent 15 minutes just drawing and thinking out one of the methods, and turns out, that was the only one that compiled in one shot and threw no exceptions., (Congratulations The STARS! ), Is a graceful bow?, Candy by Johnny Dowd, Try to camp at least 100 feet from water and in the case that you are camping in the back country, be sure to include a means of purifying the water that is available. For example, pack a water filter or iodine tablets. As well, when watering your horse in the back country, use established watering sites (ex. sites that wildlife has used for watering)., 0x01 is called index. It seems to be another parameter., Anyway, they did this, and it took them quite some time, but they managed it, and when they were done it was totally awesome and they put it on the internet for Zephyr to see and laugh at., On Thursday, Robert should undergo some more surgery in order to stabilise the fractures to his right shoulder and right foot. Three or four days later, another operation will allow his elbow fracture to be stabilised as well., (I promise that I will be back to my comedy blogging schedule soon...I got an idea just today, too!), They also offer all manner of fun stuff for guys..., 4. We as God’s people can be guilty of hypocrisy of mouth, We know when the truth, However, this is not to say that I think that Joe Biden shouldn't mop the floors with her in the debate. If she's in this, I say, let her be IN THIS, and if she doesn't know her shit, then let the chips fall where they may., Jenni also has a new job with Special Olympics Project UNIFY to establish a service learning/anti-bullying curriculum in schools around the country. She loves her job and her camp because they give her a chance to advocate for inclusion, get people involved with children and adults with disabilities, and break down stereotypes that prevent us from seeing how much we can learn from people who are –by society’s standards – “handicapped.”, 9-Would you break the law to save a loved one?, We tend to stay up until at least 4 am which is kind of crazy. Before long, we've only had a couple of hours sleep and we're up again, this time getting ready and preparing our Christmas Dinner! Oh and of course a cheeky chocolate from our advent calendars., Miami came out on top thanks to the inspired play of LeBron. He has rarely been better than he was in game one. From start to finish he dominated all facets of the game. Watching it I thought to myself “dear god, if he plays like this for the entire playoffs, there is no way the Heat do not raise the trophy.” Game two saw a bit of tentative play on Bron’s side – ie. not taking it to the hole when he was being guarded by Baron Davis (who has played remarkably by the way) and missing free throws that could have been very costly., Time for Angelina's WISH to come true!, · Rae Bareli coach factory manufactured 10 coaches in 2011-12; phase-II of the factory, For both our oars, with little skill,, DESCRIPTIONS AND TIMES OF WORKSHOPS, 14. Lewis Thomas "The Lives of a Cell", Photo Courtesy of New View Tours, "Hello" (?) caught during an overnight study on why I keep getting woke up all the time. This is 15 minutes into my drowsing off. It's caught on the webcam next to the bed. I am lying still, and it's caught in the same corner of the room the other EVP was. There are no children in my apartment building. The guy who lives next to me has no kids. I think it says Hello, but I'm not sure, I know it is a child's voice., APS Placement Service Pvt. Ltd.,, Nomination 1: @SimonJohnson, It’s singing in my heart, I vowed to myself (and to my readers - but the vow that counts is the one I made to myself!) that I wouldn't start any new projects until I finish this necklace. (The black CRAW bracelet doesn't count - it was a custom order I am getting paid for!) I really, really want to finish the fringe necklace, and the rest of my zombies! But I come in everyday, and see the fringe necklace lying there, and just inwardly groan. I am not doing it right. I am not making the necklace I want, and I can't figure out how to make it work., Instead of making a homemade cake he uses a devil's food chocolate cake mix, and it tastes amazing. I can't for certain say it tastes just as good as the recipe's cake, because I haven't had the recipes cake, but it's great none the less. Follow the directions on the box to make the cake, then use the following recipes to ice the cake with the recipes taken directly from Smitten Kitchen;, By the end of the chapter that I’ll be teaching when I get back from Christmas break, my students will have “learned” everything about the preterite–regular, irregular, stem-changing -ir, and verbs with spelling changes (car/gar/zar, i–y verbs). I want them to see and practice the verbs in some type of context, but my ideas are not that communicative. I’m thinking about writing a brief biography of Picasso and a brief history of Guernica in Spanish and making it into a cloze exercise where the students have to fill in the verbs and then answer reading comprehension questions about the information. I’m also thinking about having the students re-write Picasso’s biography in the form of an autobiography. A summative assessment might be writing a simple biography of a famous person, someone they know, or their own autobiography. I’m still pondering the possibilities., Barton, Brian. The Secret Court Martial Records of the Easter Rising, U.K., 2010., Right now, sitting in the office alone doesn't help any., And so, my Writers’ Platform-Building Campaign was born., So before the Halloween mayhem begins, I managed to steal time to spend with bee., Well, thank you, life. You certainly do keep me on my toes!…or crying in the fetal position with a cup of tea and Monty Python songs…(P.S. I’m not really crying right now, though tears have been shed in regards to the murdered perfect plan of my future.), Hershey’s assorted 9.4-17.25oz 2/$6, the cap, don’t fuss, can occur when the television, iPad, iPhone, laptop, is on., The winter bird feeders are out and the birds are all over our back yard. We had one cold, rainy day last week that even brought bluebirds (our state bird) to our backyard. We have a wooded ravine behind our house so we don't usually get bluebirds as they prefer open spaces. The red berries on the Nandina seemed to be their reason for paying us a visit., My friend's 14 year old daughter, S., had a different perspective. She asked: Is anybody ever really wicked? What about the circumstances that might have led someone to do something evil? What if that person is poor and deprived of the good things in life? Maybe that's why someone committed a crime., East is east and west is west, Harp seal babies are covered in a downy, snowy white fur and were thus traditional targets for the fur industry, valued for their fluffy white pelts., We need not only to believe in what we do as musicians and business men but be able to change our internal success thermometer to be prepared for the success that we will create for ourselves., Aja & Jack Simon (my silent partner Nena / Mom is in the photo with Mr. Jack), She’s God’s gift to me,, 6. You reach you last day and feel heartbroken that you never learned the skill of transforming adversity into victory and lead into gold., I hope you like the Voodoo Sisters as it was great fun to make. Andrea would love it if you would join in the challenge this week as she has a totally unique prize...................what is it I hear you cry........well you will just have to pop over to Smudger's and have a look won't you...............lol, Ok, let me preface this with saying, I don’t like Nicholas Sparks. Not his books…not his movies….not even The Notebook! I can’t handle the tragedies in his writing…seriously too predictable and sad for me. However, I turned to NYT best seller list, and when I saw that Zac Efron was playing the lead in The Lucky One movie….I had to give it a shot., For they have their own thoughts., Cllr Murray thanks Searchlight and says that the BNP is finished., I wonder how many of Persephone's customers have been drawn there by womanly word-or-mouth? Sarah in Oxford told Elizabeth, and Elizabeth in New York told me, and I have told all of my bookish friends about this special place. It isn't meant to be a best-kept secret, but I'm often surprised by how many of Persephone's most obvious customers aren't aware of its existence. The induction of an Oregonian is one thing, but some of my fellow Austenians hadn't known about it either., Please join me in thanking Amber Goble for joining us in the Tea Room last week as our Guest Designer and thank you also to Lea Lawson for joining us as our December Month-Long Special Guest Designer!, school & I felt myself seeking comfort in food. I am seriously asking for you to pray, “Rose?” he said in a questioning tone., you might judge, I sometimes cover an entire iced cake with fondant icing like the Star Wars cake and the Rapunzel cake. Think of fondant as pie crust. You roll it out to about 1/8 inch thick, or less if you can manage it, and lay it over the cake. Avoid touching it with your fingernails as it will leave a mark that is hard to remove., 2. Sugar, Sugar—Archies, 2 p.m. – Fair Trade Coffeehouse: Caffeinated Move – Music and Dance. Works by Laura Schwendinger, Jerry Hui and Payton MacDonald, with dancer Janelle Bentley., Illuminati Communist, Illuminati Fascist, Illuminati Bankster?, Limestone Branch Distillery today announced that it has joined the historic ranks of the Kentucky Distillers’ Association, the Commonwealth’s leading voice on spirits issues., Rachel Kramer Bussel: a New York-based author, editor, blogger and event organizer. Rachel has contributed to 100+ anthologies, edited 40+ anthologies and is Senior Editor at Penthouse Variations. She has written for numerous publications, including Alternative Press, CNN.com, The Daily Beast, The Frisky, Gothamist, The Hairpin, Huffington Post, Jezebel, Lemondrop, Mediabistro, The Nervous Breakdown, New York Post, New York Press, Playgirl, Salon, San Francisco Chronicle, Time Out New York, The Village Voice, xoJane and Zink., Zachary Hamilton comes from a family endowed with special gifts. He has them as well and it has cost him everything. Zachary doesn’t want his gift and his family doesn’t think he should have it either. To “return it” is to die so Zachary and his love, Nick, have been on the run from the Hamilton family since they were teenagers. Living as fugitives has been hard and each time they think they are safe, the Hamiltons find them yet again. Then Zachary and Nick land in Los Angeles, California and their luck seems to change. A benefactor appears out of the blue, offering them a store for their antique business and a place to call home. And for a while they are happy. Until a bullet shatters their lives and Nick dies in Zachary’s arms., This hits on an important part of the lifestyle change that I want to elaborate and make a point to talk about. So much of my spending time with friends or Anthony or what have you involves going out to eat. It’s easy to forget that there’s a whole world of stuff to do that doesn’t involve eating! I think Anthony and I might, in future weeks, go dancing, which is fun and exercise!, i can't believe what all has transpired this week. it has been a week of heartache, courage, and some renewal., I realize I always wear black. Makes me feel safely tied to the ground., Two things brought this book to my attention. I recently received the Tor Winter 2011 catalog and the cover immediately caught my eye. I had to flip through the catalog that instant to find out what book this belonged to and didn't have to go far. Right on page 1 was The Unremembered by Peter Orullian. Tor obviously has high hopes for the series. The second connection was Brandon Sanderson mentioning the author in our interview with Orullian's book sitting on his nightstand. Tor hasn't released the final cover in color, but here is a picture of the catalog cover, which shows off this lush image., 2-18 Regina, SK Brandt Centre, Not hyped up, Me encanto Latinoamerica., 295Fair eyes, and tempting looks (which yet I view!), Tea is a beverage (infusion) made by steeping hot water with leaves from the plant, Camellia sinensis. All true tea, the hundreds of varieties in the tea shop, come from this single species, which is an amazing discovery for me personally. The difference between the kinds of tea sold is due to the cultivars, the place the tea plants are grown in, and more importantly, the way they are processed. Drinks that are labelled as tea, for instance, rooibos, mate, chamomile, spearmint etc are not technically, tea but are instead known as herbal tea which are nevertheless just as delicious., Good morning! Today, Alex has asked us to post a reflection on April's A-Z Challenge. What can I say? The challenge is perhaps the most intense and exciting thing I've participated in since I started blogging over 4 years ago. Sadly, I wasn't able to post every day (and I'm STILL trying to catch up on all the emails, comments, and NEW FOLLOWERS I have received! Don't give up on me yet, guys!, My degree is a great foundation. If I hadn’t decided to include the creative writing emphasis in my degree, I’m afraid that I wouldn’t have learned as much as I did about writing process. I took a fiction writing workshop under professor and writer, Dr. Michael Smith. With his help, I learned what not to do with my writing and how to improve. Also, my classmates that year were wonderful. We all critiqued each others’ work, and every suggestion they had for my stories, I still remember to this day and apply to my writing during the editing process now. I can’t even begin to describe how much I have grown as a writer since then. I consider myself a better writer, although I know there is always room for improvement, and I feel more confident in my writing abilities. I do credit a lot of that to Dr. Smith. I don’t think he knows how much he helped me grow as a writer during my college career., it's easy to make a list of all the ways to respect someone. but it seems like a lot of the time, in our culture there is a definite line between respect that is had for adults versus children – it seems like the one who stands on the adult side of the line deserves the respect just because of where they're standing and the one who stands on the child side hasn't quite earned it yet., Speculation requires me to consider the disassembly of faith I’ll let him out and, on the other hand, reassembly of his puppyhood condition of my having to clean the floor., I cannot speak for all my colleagues but it has become clear to me that I must abandon nearly everything I used to do in the classroom and become “born again” as a teacher. At least for the foreseeable future, since the list of individuals that are waiting to pounce upon us at our first wrong step is long and filled with powerful figures., There are a variety of botulinum toxin products including BOTOX, DYSPORT, and XEOMIN. Botox was first approved in 1989 to treat blepharospasm. They each work by temporarily weakening or paralyzing the affected spasmodic muscles. Benefits begin in 1-14 days after the treatment and last for an average of three to four months. Long-term follow-up studies have shown it to be a very safe and effective treatment, with up to 90 percent of patients obtaining almost complete relief of their blepharospasm. Side effects are usually rare and technique dependent. They include drooping of the eyelid (ptosis), double vision (diplopia), and tearing. All are transient and recover spontaneously., Nathan and Harvey exchanged glances. Oh. On reflection.... Perhaps..... Yes you're right, maybe it's time we went home old friend., “Handgoons” Yeah, in America, we use them bloody handgoons to kill people…, The government and state-controlled media were quick to put the blame on protesters for the clashes, which began after some demonstrators broke through police barriers blocking them from entering the city’s Merdeka Square., Hold on, I've just gotta check twitter., Striving to be more organized can form habits that are productive in day-to-day activities outside of your craft., Well, I really hope you all like this card and you could find something that inspires you....., Understanding that you are the mother and NOT the father sometimes can be difficult due to the fact that ” you too ” are doing “some Fatherly like things”…. It does not leave your son confused but it can make the mother feel ” off kilter ” sometimes…, 9. Place the loaves on the cookie sheet (or on a pizza paddle dusted with plenty of cornmeal). Let sit for 40 min under plastic or a damp kitchen towel., This condemnation of evidently racist UMNO though, is a positive development and could possibly be taken to indicate a (unfortunately glacial) step in the right direction. The people can even if need be, indeed move ahead of the Rulers and the failed constitution (ask around in any international groupings the constitution is institutionalized Apartheid back with more Apartheid laws), but that will be a sad day and hopefully one that does not result in so many unstable region’s actions, that the powers that be, may be too late to correct, only to suffer social and reputational consequences for later . . . against such reasonable demands of normal world citizens too unfortunately!, 3. With an electric mixer, beat cream cheese , icing sugar and vanilla essence until smooth & creamy. Blend in gelatin solution and mix well., the following article was sent to me by super nana. she saw it in the los angeles times. this type of fear mongering, rabble rousing discourse is an affront to american society, arabs, (whom by the way are not only muslim, but christian, atheists, or buddhists) and maybe even, one of you out there who just might have happened to have a kaffiyeh because it was fashionable and you picked up one for a few bucks at a street fair! what's next on the you-can't-wear-that-because-i-said-so-and-if-you-do-you're-a-terrorist list? the color black?, Just for fun I thought I'd throw this out there: What are your top 5 favorite patterns and why?, Now the Goddess of Love is dead, I was looking for her and I could not found her, the place in my heart is now empty and barren. The grass is dry and rare, so rare that you could see patches of earth, the trees are missing their leaves and rotten flowers decompose in the wind., 10 against, Existing technology could be used to recruit, contract, educate, train and supervise agents. Available technology allows for most applications to be completed and submitted online. They could then be processed, reviewed and underwritten automatically by the computer. Once approved, policies could be digitally downloaded to the customer. With iPads or laptops, agents could have access to company resources wherever they go, using the technology to prospect for customers, analyze options available, assist in the sales process and complete the sale., I hope you enjoyed my little card, I have more projects coming up and I also have more video tutorial's in the planning stages. We are still working on harvest so my schedule is full and chaotic but it will soon be done, yeah!!!! then I will be back to a crafting as much as possible, lol., Last week, The Globe and Mail ran an interesting series on school lunch (I was interviewed for it—check me out going on about the evils of marketing to children here). All in all, it presented a rather bleak portrait of Canadian (high) school lunch: cafeteria meals analyzed from one school were high in fat, grease and sodium, at another teens were teased if they brought homemade, non-packaged food, and at schools that had reformed their food service, kids were rejecting the healthy options., Wolf Moon, This dress was sent to me by an Italian brand SVMI-E, it looks very classy and totally differs from all other little black dresses in my wardrobe. I think I'm gonna wear it to business meetings :), I did surprise him by finishing my novel; after what felt like 1800 re-writes and revisions. Inbetwixt that of course, I started lots of other manuscripts. I even have three more of the series going. So yes, dear, I can finish a project, but I will always have more projects than you can count in the works. My muse must have free reign. She’s like a mustang chomping at the bit. I’ll give her her head and run with it., Okay, how bad does a poster have to be to Photoshop a crappy Polaroid, or at least make it look like Laura's cradling a disembodied head on a sack of potatoes, then slap THAT PICTURE in the middle of the poster??? I'm... at a loss. I can't... it's not... I... ouch, my brain., It has to be right on style, but why there are beers like this I will never understand. It is not pleasant to drink., Once you’ve written 60,000 words or so you will see that it’s not so hard. So what if not every word is relevant to whatever book you want to write? That’s not the first step in this process., Level 21: MP Cost: 28, Damage: 315%, Number of Attacks: 4, 31% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 21% for 82 seconds. The last attack is critical., Stopping in to be thankful tonight. I am thankful for so many things in life., Vianessa – Leveled my Tauren Pally from 40 to 47, without BoAs. Vianessa is now dual-spec’d – Retribution and Protection. I wanted her to have a Holy spec, but tanking dungeons will definitely make things quicker., I'll post a wrapup tomorrow, of course, and I'll tell you about The Letter., Speaking exclusively to our correspondent, Engineer Adeola spoke on the Boko Haram issue, the present administration and other issues., The mango trees had two kinds of leaves: dark green ones and the light green ones. The light green ones were the new leaves. The new leaves had a squishy texture that reminded me of fish. I would collect all the new leaves, and I would place them on the table. I would get a pas-pas (the stik with paper strips at the end. used to drive away the flies) and wave it over the “fishes” and cry out Bili na kayo! Bili na kayo![7], Rating: **, This list of Adult Truths can be enlarged - just click! I thought a lot of them were quite funny and true! It has been shared over 30,000 times on Facebook, so I wouldn't be surprised if you had seen it already. I still had to share!, -Tony Bennett: I don’t think there needed to be the pretense of Tony being there to talk about movies. I don’t think there needed to be any pretense at all, really. They could have pretended that he would be talking about his new duets album; at least that would have been timely. All he did was ramble on anyway. And this is a good enough impression to be allowed to ramble on like that. The audience was certainly happy to see him. B-, This wasn't just an ordinary Lassie though; this was one of those over-fed and overweight Lassies! Some stupid human had found it too much of an effort to throw an uneaten ice cream into a nearby bin and the Lassie was slurping on its creamy goodness. The Lassie was devouring it. Moon edged closer.....slowly!, Even when injured, the show must go on, no matter what. Even with injury on stage, Adam could have done more in his performance with the injury apparent., Phreak: Teemo needs to get on Lulu’s level. We need to buff him and nerf her., A few months ago, I had a little run in with the manager at my local Total Wine and More. You might remembe that, I wrote a post a about it. Since I've been catching everyone up on some old posts, I figured it was about time to catch you up on this one., Four wheels scare the cockatoos, The Harry Potter series. Did it EVER exceed my expectations. The Sue Grafton ABC murders. These are EXCELLENT. I thought they’d be gimmicky but they are first class., And like I said, I’d suppressed emotions for five years. I know how it’s done. It was surprisingly easy when I gave myself permission to do it. And I trusted myself to release all that when the visit was over., executed sword and sorcery adventure in an excitingly realized world. It’s also a fantasy written by an Arab-American that takes its inspiration more from the traditions and mythologies of North Africa and the Middle East rather than the more common north and western European influence. It’s a fantasy that honors characters with age and experience, shows women in strength in a society with troubling views on women, presents religious characters with varying interpretations of piety, and gives fans a city of personality., According to TMZ, Kasey was allegedly drunk and disorderly at Fresno’s Club Habanos. Details are still forthcoming on what exactly Kasey did wrong, but he was booked at a nearby police station and released a few hours later. He has to watch that Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde personality!, Moving so far out of sight, And so that’s that, I suppose. Life here is easy and natural and life here is really hard. But, I suppose that’s how life everywhere is, right? :), Maybe I should., Despite the fact that all this scientific evidence makes perfect logical sense, - once you put your mind to it, it still does not explain why the world’s leading scientists, mathematicians, astronomers, archaeologists, engineers, architects, medical specialist, -- you name it, are those who happen to have a deficiency of melanin-producing genes. It also does not explain why some races, such as the Mongolian groups exhibit distinctly different physical features than the rest of us., Moments later the film ended. Nothing really made any sense, but the important thing is that when the Mexican General fell into the fire, he exploded everyone into oblivion. Except Hat Girl and McOpenShirt, who were somehow already outside of the cave. And roll credits, and goodbye., Lead author Els van der Helm comments:, Melted sugar cookie dough, every Tuesday they meet at the coffee shop..., My mom has always been my biggest and best supporter, fan and understanding soul. A few weeks ago, even before all of this falderall with work, she sent me a check and told me to buy something for myself: batteries for the camera, a lipstick, whatever. It's from her little savings account, so that makes me feel guilty as heck even though I know it makes her happy to send me the money., Waitrose has got a 25% off offer on all its wines until next Tuesday (28th), a great chance to buy slightly more expensive wine than you might normally feel able to afford. It applies if you buy six bottles in store or a minimum of 12 online. Bottles that would tempt me include (reduced prices in brackets), “In a letter to FMCSA administrator Anne Ferro, David Parker, chairman of the MCSAC, said the agency should seek legal authority over entities that contribute to FMCSA safety violations. According to Parker, an undue detainment can cause drivers to violate hours of service rules.”, My wife was my gateway into the series, loving the books and eager to share it with me as I was eager to share Star Wars with her (discarding that whole Episode I fiasco, of course). Fearing a Twilight copycat, I reluctantly listened... and it didn't take long before I was bought in., Asshole, One of the most evil things the judiciary has done is to turn once pleasant Britain into a world centre for terrorists. They use Britain as a base to attack other countries from. Human Rights laws prohibit torture or degrading treatment so they stopped removing illegal immigrants, even suspected terrorists, to countries where judges thought or pretended such treatment was practised. In 2008 at least two terrorists were released early from prison!, Paper - MME patterned papers, Surveys on NBC.com are entertaining, We were basically behind a tree when the young couple approached on the lower track. Obviously they didnt see me because they stopped at a bench seat at the lower track and started to kiss and fondle each other., The paper has one of my favorite colour combos: pink and green. I'm still hooked on the Vintage Flower border punch by Martha Stewart and paired it with two of my other favorite addictions - lacy circle nesties and my beloved Verve Flutterby die. Spring has definitely sprung in my craft room. Now just need it to arrive outside :), Based on the answers provided a decision will be made as to whether PAYE/NIC rules apply, I wanted to check in today to let you know I'm working on catching up on some of my card making as well as other stuff here at home. My husband Rick had his prostate cancer surgery last Friday so I've been away from home more than usual with his surgery and after care doctors visits. We live in a small town and have to travel to a larger city about 45 minutes away., Find your flock, get them to higher ground, Are you happy being ‘average’? Or is the ideal of 6-pack abs something you’re striving for in your life? Ever been sucked in by a promise of quick results? Does the reality of hard work change your perspective on achieving those kinds of results?, There is the expected glut of concert tickets and back stage passes from the well-known bands or artists; a set of Island promotional playing cards is artfully displayed; a Bad Company sweat-shirt; lots of old yellowing contracts; company’s incorporation papers; a few original reel-to-reel tapes including one of Mille’s album; an Island clock, a fair smattering of Spencer Davis Group memorabilia; a Steve Winwood and Tony Hutcheson signed print of the original artwork for Steve’s first solo record; displays of seven inch singles on the Black Swan label as well as a number of the different imprint variants of the original Island pink label; a set of Bob Marley stamps issued in Jamaica to commemorate his passing; a very fair smattering of original album covers as well as loads of other fascinating ‘stuff’ but, as with all things, there is a fair amount of ‘stuff’ – rare as hen’s teeth ‘stuff’ – that’s not represented., “The few who understand the system, will either be so interested from it’s profits or so dependent on it’s favors, that there will be no opposition from that class.” – Mayer Amschel Bauer Rothschild, This morning, with all freshen up, I went to work and thanks again to my cousin that she refused to take my money for the stay. She even invited me again should the water supply is not back tonight which I seriously hope that it won't happen., In a ruling announced yesterday, Manhattan Supreme Court Justice John Stackhouse granted the one-week stay pending a Monday hearing, when lawyers for the Union Square Community Coalition will ask to have work halted until litigation is complete., There is confusion about what art is. The qualities that make something art are intrinsic, not external. It is the artifice, the organising of elements, perspective, choice of colour etc, that make it art. The result is obtained by transforming reality and thus nature through human imagination and emotion and is realised by skill and technique., Stop gap measure, and quick popularity boost by PM Najib that benefits a iconic area’s citizen protections. This should remind Pakatan NOT to abuse the Rakyat’s property rights for mere profit. Chinatown might be saved now, but the problem of Secton 8 of the Land Act’s presence is a potential loophole for abuse by the Federal and also State Government. All MPs must be made to sign under penalty of resignation of their MP seat to initiate actions that will AMEND the Land Act to remove abusive Section 8. Meanwhile the LEGAL JUNTA – Bar Council and Judiciary, has remained silent AGAIN on the issue of serious issues like these much less address :, In any event, a phrase from the Deschutes Brewing Brand Ambassador a couple of weeks ago, has stuck in my mind and, I’ve stumbled onto it again in my Internet travels. I’m a little late to the party, but dare I say that I smell an emerging beer style on the horizon., This fact is the reason that golfers are told to drop everything and leave the course if they hear thunder or see lightning. They are, after all, holding a lightning rod. If you think about it, the same is true of many gardeners. Hoes, shovels, rakes,…they all have metal handles. Unless, like me you also own wooden handled tools. Still, if you see lightning or hear thunder, drop everything and get inside. Better safe than sorry., Libby claims Hugo to be an old friend. Dr. Brooks apologizes, explaining she wandered off., "While it remained unsold, did it not remain your own? And after it was sold, was it not under your control? Why is it that you have conceived this deed in your heart? You have not lied to men but to God.", Life is short, but LOVE is forever. Love those around you without measure., I see that most people of the past few generations know their immediate family, an aunt, uncle, cousin, grandparents, and a few close friends, But most don’t understand the importance of clan. Their circle is so limited that they don’t know about the extended resource that clan brings. How something that was originally comprised of numerous families as tribal relationships centuries and millennia ago, is still relevant to them, seems beyond them. But clan is important. It is so important that the structure still exists, but is usually only found on military bases., 1. The Song Is You, Arrange the cucumber ribbons around the outside of your serving plate or bowl., So, I'm in horrendous shape, and I am the complete opposite of flexible. I'm surprised I can bend over to tie my shoes. All this to explain why I was a little nervous about my next "Before 40" feat. I have never climbed a rock wall., Once the candy has firmed up, line a baking sheet with waxed paper or nonstick aluminum foil. Using a teaspoon or small cookie scoop, scoop small balls of the coconut mixture and flatten them into discs between your palms. Place the discs on the baking sheet, and place sheet in freezer while you prepare the melted chocolate., State Senator Carl Kruger (right), a recipient of campaign contributions from Bruce Ratner’s brother Michael and his wife Karen Ranucci, saluted Forest City Ratner for building MetroTech. “Today we’re entitled to our piece of the pie,” he said., Take your pattern piece and cut out the headband from the top (ruffled) and bottom (15" x 3" plain) pieces. The pattern piece I've given you is only half. Either cut on a fold or make a larger pattern with a file folder., 1. Groovin’, Over the year I had witnessed this particular participant literally shrink before my very eyes! The card read:, What were they thinking? What was the crack Obama re-election campaign thinking when they launched their slideshow about “The Life of Julia”?, and Gruene Hall for music & dance., The olive tree is known for being extremely prolific, and at the base of nearly every olive tree are ten or more new shoots springing from the roots. Olive groves grow easily, and trees can thrive and be healthy for hundreds of years. Psalms 128:3 “Your wife shall be like a fruitful vine in the very heart of your house; your children like olive plants all around your table.”, Lord I believe, yes, You are calling, Much love to all,, "When I was a student at Temple University, I had the privilege of meeting Henry through a mutual friend. I was a starving student at the time and lived in a tiny apartment around the corner on Locust St. Henry befriended me and I became one of his dog walkers; a job that he paid me extravagantly for. I also got to attend a few of his private parties and met the likes of Douglas Cooper, Billie, Bill Blass and other celebrities of the day. I knew Henry was extremely rich but he never acted snobbish or condescending to me or any other individuals, grand or humble, who made it through the doors of Little Monticello. One little thing about Henry that I always loved was that, despite his great wealth, his car (at least when I was living in Philadelphia) was a Buick. I happened to be Googling Rittenhouse Square the other day (a trip down memory lane) and saw pictures of the house; shutters gone and looking derelict. What a sad condition for a home that knew so much love and laughter. Henry would scream if he saw the condition those front steps are in!", Place chicken in the bottom of the slow cooker. Season with salt and pepper. Add broth, garlic and parsley. Cut lemon in half, squeeze juice onto chicken, then drop the rest of the lemon into the broth. Cook on high for 6 hours. Add rice during the last 60 minutes if you are using brown rice, or during the last 30 minutes if you are using white. Discard lemon peels before serving., Think my favorite part of this pack is the open mesh pocket. Perfect for stuffing my ground cover and my bottle of sunscreen for easy access and roomy enough to add a hoodie for when it cools off at night., Joshua took the burger out and fed the dog. About 9ish, after the kids were all safely tucked in their beds, I head out for a bicycle ride with friends. As I was getting ready I started looking for the dog., It’s been common knowledge that Samsung has been long working on a display that can flex, while still providing content on an AMOLED screen. The key material contrast between Youm and normal displays is the use of film instead of glass. This allows for the screen to be extremely thin, and provides it the ability to bend. Samsung claims Youm is lighter, thinner, and, most interestingly, unbreakable. This may lead to a drastic decrease in broken phones should this come to market. Speaking of coming to market, Samsung is looking to bring this futuristic technology to the present: availability is set for the latter part of this year., The Melting Pot cookbook features recipes from all different ethnic (Mennonite) groups all over Europe including Dutch, Swiss, German, Polish, and even Russian. It includes so many neat little histories like a detailed description of hog slaughtering day, and the meals the women prepared during it, told by a Russian man, and of course, recipes. It struck me that most of the recipes are really like peasant cooking--very little spices or adulteration and few ingredients. A Dutch vegetable soup was comprised of just potatoes, carrots and celery, and "10 kernels of whole clove" and salt and pepper. The boiled potatoes recipe (also Dutch) was potatoes, water and salt, with a note of caution that the Dutch are very particular about the texture of their boiled potatoes. "Potatoes must be flaky when dished up!" Few instructions are given, and recipes don't indicate what to do with ingredients like vegetables; no "diced," "chopped," "minced," etc. I love to study these old cookbooks and see how dishes were prepared, and really, how recipes were written. I feel like it is training me a bit by making me think about cooking and why things are prepared the way they are. I've already got scores of pages marked for things I want to try like Dutch Pea Soup (better start planning now to acquire a pig's ear and a pig's trotter), and the more easy-to-come-by corn pudding, made from our heirloom corn, Hickory King, that we're growing on the farm., Even though we are VERY excited, we are still very much in a place of waiting. Shortly after all of this took place back in March, Heath and I found a new home. We had been in the process of looking for a few months and then the most perfect house popped up and we moved on it very quickly., *TARDIS press mold from my carved luminary., Richie: They're not my kind. They're in business with you, Frank. They ain't my kind. They ain't my kind, like the Italians are not yours, alright?, ‘I mean, you don’t want to go in there. It’s Trigger, he’s ... he’s ...’ He swallows an anguished cry, trying to keep his emotions in check., “It sounds impossible, Darcy,” I said. “We might as well get started.”, 1 stick (8 tblspn) butter softened, Like Job, the main characters are left with no easy answers from God, yet are strangely satisfied. There is no hint of what God’s purpose is throughout it all. Perhaps in some way, the beauty of the world is God’s answer to our questions. In Job, God responds to Job’s question “Why?” with a catalog of the created world. In the film, the beauty of creation even in destruction is seen throughout., experience and education attainment., Because I don't have much else to say I thought I would leave you with one of the most beautiful places I have been..., I want to send out a SPECIAL THANKS to our Friends who went the extra mile and helped with setting up and cleaning up - Kim, Jacqueline, Barbara and John and Bethany! Ben and Sam, my sweet boys, helped their Sister on her special day with loving hearts - kudos to you, guys! And, Rudy, you did an awesome ceremony and kept Matt calm., “The focus of the homestay programme is not merely about accommodation but also showcases Malaysia’s rich cultural heritage lifestyle in a unique and interesting manner.”, Each wing of the Club-winged Manakin has one feather with a series of at least seven ridges along its central vane. Next to the strangely ridged feather is another feather with a stiff, curved tip. When the bird raises its wings over its back, it shakes them back and forth over 100 times a second (hummingbirds typically flap their wings only 50 times a second). Each time it hits a ridge, the tip produces a sound. The tip strikes each ridge twice: once as the feathers collide, and once as they move apart again. This raking movement allows a wing to produce 14 sounds during each shake. By shaking its wings 100 times a second, the Club-winged Manakin can produce up to 1,400 single sounds during that time., 30-something: Mom and Dad, it’s gonna be alright. Let me help., And if you ever need a AWESOME IT guy.. Stephen is the man!! stephen@wyldwebdesigns.com, A bag of Trader Joe's Peppermint Pretzel Slims, Title: Aliens Love Underpants, Now, I'm one of those people who loves getting mail. Not bills, but real mail. The kind with beautiful handwriting of a friend or family member across the front, perhaps a little thick from heartfelt writing or a little something to lift your spirits., Once upon a time there was the athlete and the coach - period. A very simple dynamic. But today in addition to the coach and the athlete, there are several individuals that exercise some semblance of control over the athlete's career., Well, not until Tolkein, they didn’t. And even today, I find it hard to point to anyone who did it at his level of detail (probably because he cared more about the history and linguistics of his invented world than he did about any given story placed in it)., He has not slept well the past few days, and is tired. Through the day he’s had some fitful naps, interspersed with jolts of realization: This is the Day. The Day of Judgment. For nearly twenty years he has drummed into his followers that May 21, 2011 might be The Day, and for the last 5 years he has become convinced of it. In fact, his verdict is Absolute. It. Is. Going. To. Happen. The Bible Guarantees it., McCarthy Shuffles Chicago Command Staff As Murders Spike, If you happen to be planning a trip to Barcelona, be sure to take a look the hotel's top 10 list of things to see and experience. Although I've never been and am therefore by no means a Barcelona expert, it seems like a nice, succinct set of things to build an itinerary around., * The views expressed here are the personal opinion of the columnist., * mile marker (read my initial review HERE): chronicles the destruction of a relationship and the sense of blame and acceptance one has to take in the aftermath. if you stole from me/i blame myself/i gave too long/didn't i?/it's no mystery., But Stoke are now coming to the end of their fourth season in the league, and they are still rock bottom when it comes to passes completed. At 6475 they’re a more than 1,500 behind the next club, Blackburn. At this stage Tony Pulis probably doesn’t feel like changing a system that clearly works – rather he’ll be on the hunt this summer for players who can do more of the same, but are even taller, even stronger and even harder-working., It dawned on me that these dolls are meant to be "collected". Meaning it's normal for people to update their collection, and that this is what makes the hobby interesting and exciting. And now I wonder what I have gotten myself into... hhaaha... (T<U+25BD>T), We received some lovely cupcakes in the post recently, unfortunately not the edible sort, but none the less it was a delicious package from Pinz Pinz Pinz. Pinz Pinz Pinz were established in June 2000 in London and are at the forefront of manufacturing and retailing hijab pins. They have the biggest collection of retail and wholesale hijab pins on the web claim to not only be of great value but also exceptional quality., I think I’ll watch Sleepy Hollow afterwards, to keep my mind of things. I just want the new week to start, so I have things to do… I get stressed out just of sitting still. On monday I’ll meet with Sandra, my “supervisor” when I’m working at next weekends convention. On Wednesday my boyfriend is coming to me, it’s as well his birthday. There will be some events during the evening, wich I look forward to. And then, on friday, it’s finally time for PicaCon 3! I’m currently having a hard time to be psyched about it, since my planning of the friday is still quite muddy, but it will come again. It dissolves!, They have described their disarmingly minimalist music quite accurately as "dreamy electronic lo-fi keyboard pop"., 1 mystery, Jewelry: Metal Pointu, But what if we elevated human dignity to its proper role in society, including making it the framing concept for how we govern the workplace?, Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Coat a muffin tray with cooking spray or line with paper cups., Upon drawing the last card in the deck, or immediately upon drawing the cards in bold face, the deck disappears., Rob laughs, "He wishes", surrendering to the darkest unknown., He will go and find out their names, Check out all her goodies..., Rafting, kayaking, climbing 14ers, paddle boarding, mountain biking…sold yet? Outside in Aspen brings top athletes to the mountain town for 10 adventure clinics suitable for people of all skill levels. Along the way, there is live music, demos, an apres ski party, a photo workshop…again, I could go on., There are two things I want you consider carefully when you read this text: alcohol content, OG and level of acidity. remember, I'll be asking questions later., Just look at all the things that I did 'better' at last year!! How in the world could I end the year disappointed with myself about my resolutions? My hopes are that this year the continued improvements and building on the things that I did last year will show a noticeable difference., ~Julia Cameron, “Point Zero” (The Sound of Paper), How do I decide which of the conflicting imperatives is more important? People don’t like this idea, because they don’t understand it: They think it is immoral to give priority to the defense of the citizens of your state over the protection of the lives of the neighbors of the terrorists. They don’t understand that the world is built in such a way that responsibility is divided., So we don't. And they molder on library shelves, relics to forget about., Seagulls’ cries filled the air as they flapped their wings circling above the water. I feel for you, kid. Only fifteen and I’d already survived having my world brutally ripped apart by the ultimate betrayal once. I winced and tore my mind away from the unwanted memory crowding into my mind as my heart ached. Life gets better. I scoffed. Bull shit! That’s easier said than done., R - Hooray! Now I am at the helm of my very own star ship!, Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, 9 Both Sides 5:05, in which case i will be taking a few trips home - at least we all hope…, I also purchased two more pretty boxes at Marshall's. I use the black wooden box with an 'M' initial (yep, my real name is not actually Rocaille... sorry to disappoint) at my bed-side table for all my medicines, because I don't really like looking at them. I still haven't found a purpose for the Paris photo/shoe box, but having spare boxes never hurt anyone, right?, The Jews in Jerusalem and in the land of Judea send greetings to their kindred, the Jews in Egypt, and wish them true peace!, Time before last they overlooked O’Neill, the greatest practitioner at making silk purses from sows’ ears. The manager who had that skill before him was Cloughie….also overlooked. The man who had it before them was….Alf Ramsey: the only World Cup winning manager we’ve ever had., “What is the meaning of this?” he said., I personally dont put cream in it, I like to keep some in the fridge for the week, also if I want it a bit thicker i add an extra parsnip or just use a really big one to start with., Nothing changed. I still have't finished ironing all the fabric I brought home after the last trip to Grandma's house and I brought home a little bit more this time. This coming weekend we will be staying home so maybe, just maybe, I will get my numbers updated and my sewing space organized - in between housework and yard work, that is., The seller even sent me two samples from Etude House. The one of the right is the Age Repair BB Cream, and on the right the Age Repair Peeling Mask., We've enjoyed living in Utah the last six months (minus issues with our neighbors), and we look forward to being out of our apartment in six months and into a house. It's a cruel joke to take someone out of their three bedroom house with a basement and put them in a cramped apartment! But we've adjusted ok and we're anxiously waiting for the day that we can move again. Being on the third floor, the more and more pregnant I get the harder it is to go up and down the stairs with Brycen in my arms. He still isn't really stepping up and down those big steps too well so I feel the need to carry him. It's getting tough. And now that the weather is getting nice he wants to be outside. I don't blame him! It's been beautiful outside. We have a great playground right behind the building that he just loves. But when it comes time to leave he throws a big fit. It's really tough trying to force 31 pounds of toddler back to your apartment on the third floor, with or without a pregnant belly. Lots of kicking and screaming! It makes it hard to take him outside. A lot of the time we have to wait till Tyson comes home and we go after dinner. Or we wait till the weekend. If we had a backyard we we wouldn't have this problem. It's hard for me to watch Brycen cooped up. I've decided, however, that I'm just going to suck it up and let the tantrums come. At least he'll have gotten to go outside. We're looking forward to Hogle Zoo soon!, After several weeks, the Lord told me to raise my hands during worship. This was not a charismatic church, and raising hands was the exception rather than the norm. Not only was God asking me to go against the grain in the church, but He was touching a very painful part of my past in bringing attention to my hands. In the past, I had done some very horrible things with my hands and I was terribly ashamed of them. I wanted to hide them, not make them visible!, 11:00 a.m. Performances Begin, October 3 – Bayfront Park Amphitheatre, Miami, FL, Preheat the oven to 350*F. Butter a loaf pan, add a layer of parchment paper at the bottom and butter as well., Would you capture it, Two Brother’s Dog Days Lager Warrenville, IL, Dortmunder, 4.9% abv, Gwinnett County is interesting because the residents are now a nonwhite majority, yet it’s still all white Republicans on the council. It’s fairly common for a traditional white power structure to remain when diversity comes in. In Chicago, you had an Irish power structure in neighborhoods long after they became majority black. But yes, one myth is that Asians are Asians when it comes to politics, but each ethnic group is different, politically speaking. And another thing that’s clear is that African-Americans and Hispanics go their separate ways — the immigrants tend not to move into the African-American areas., He was arrested in May last year as he attempted to seek asylum at the German embassy following a crackdown on Christians within Afghanistan., LONG LIVE GILT!, Some people think scrapbooking is hokey, others think it's a waste of time. I think it's a creative outlet for me and a great way to document my family history. My scrapbooking has come a long way from those sticker days. I cringe when I look at that first album I made for my mother. It is special to her though (even though it is horrendous). About three years ago I had been hearing more and more about digital scrapbooking. I was no way going to get involved and thought it was somewhat of a betrayal to my paper scrapping roots. Well, in 2008 I was becoming more and more intrigued by the idea of a no mess way to scrapbook and was tempted by this person's work. In doing research on the web I came across Jessica Sprague's website. I signed up for the first class and became addicted to digi scrapping., According to 'Twelver' Shi'a Mulims, Imam Hujjat al-Mahdi ( <U+0627><U+0644><U+0645><U+0647><U+062F><U+0649>) is the twelfth Imam and the Mahdi, the ultimate savior of mankind. Twelver Shi'as believe that Muhammad was born in 868 and has been hidden by God (referred to as occultation) to later emerge to fulfill his mission., I only bought one sheet of this wallpaper. When I see how nicely it matches my fabrics I wish I had more., So, if you have a request to make of Our Heavenly Father and, Ben Slob a dob a deb!, All these plans include 411 calls at no extra charges., 10. I love that you have finally understood that you just need to listen to me when I am on a rant (hehe) and not put on your Mr.I-Can-Fix-It-All hat and I love how you do that despite it being so difficult for you., Her affectionate, informal letters to her sister, Winifred, her father and other friends were always bright, self-deprecating and humorous. Her letters of thanks to acquaintances were always appreciative and polite. Even when she turned down songs which had been sent to her, or engagements she could not undertake, she did so in a kindly way., Struggling to control both her growing power and her deepening feelings for Alex, Lila decides the time has finally come to stop running and start fighting. Together with Alex, Demos, and the people she’s come to think of as family, Lila plans not just to save her brother and mother, but to completely destroy the Unit and everything it stands for., People often ask me the million dollar question:, I wonder if my friends would act differently if I told them we personally live almost paycheck to paycheck. If either my spouse or I lost our jobs that we would no longer be able to afford health care, or our house, or our daughter’s college education. Would that put a different face on it for them? I’m not sure that it would. I’m feeling pretty disheartened this morning., "Is this the Republican primary or a John Edwards rally?" asked the National Review's Kathryn Jean Lopez, who has always preferred manly men and womanly women. She was referring to this Mike Huckabee comment at a rally in Michigan: "For those of us for whom summer is not a verb, for those of us who didn't go to fancy boarding schools on the east coast, for those of us who didn't grow up with a silver spoon, who were lucky to have a spoon — ask those folks and they'll tell you the economy is not doing well for them." Since when did Republicans care about working-class people?, 'What is Shag doing?!', You should definitely check with your local government to see if there are laws on the books that cover your situation and offer guidance on how to proceed., New Author Blog Challenge participant Kathi Laughman made a very eloquent comment in answer to yesterday’s question: Why do YOU blog? In it, she addresses all of this … confusion about where to begin and uncertainty of one’s writing skills:, Boo has no experience in government administration work, and I sympathize and feel sorry for him as he is facing internal conflicts, so he is unable to carry out his responsibilities as a state assemblyman during the meetings of the state’s legislative assembly., Because they typically close at 9 pm and I’d arrived at 8:30 pm, my massage was cut back by 15 minutes, from one hour to 45 minutes. In order to achieve this, the owner got another masajista to help her., Okay, if you’ve been following the Inkslinger’s blog you’ve noticed that we each take a turn to blog one day a month. I am the first Wednesday of each month, and if you have been a frequent reader you might have noticed that I tend to do a top 10 list. Well, today is no exception., The downside for passengers travelling to New York though, will be that the service will be disabled 250 miles from US airspace due to American laws. It will also be unavailable during take offs and landings., I don’t really love books. I more admire them. So, let’s go with that… Amos Oz’s Scenes from Village Life. It really hung around and came back to me. Barnes’s Sense of an Ending I also thought was a fine example of how absolutely complete a story can be. I just finished Stray Love by Kyo Maclear and thought it a really beautiful novel., Rémy: First of all I'm sorry about my poor english, I only hope that English speaking people won't lose their eyes. I began painting minis 9 years ago I think... In fact with the first release of the french magazine "Ravage" , maybe with white dwarf 89. For the sculpting process it began with my big diorama, "le serment du Graal", 2004., that the world is beautiful, In the saloon the bartender asks Jonah how he got his scar. The reply?, 1 societies, As we go marching, marching,, Just a quick note before the series begins on the 14th ..., I didn’t call anyone’s religion bullshit. I did say that there is bullshit—”untrue words or ideas”—in the Bible. That is being spun as an attack on Christianity. Which is bullshhh… which is untrue., She told officers that two men had subjected her to repeated sexual abuse, plying her with vodka before raping her., Everyone rests in peace together, safe in sure knowledge that those who would harm are neutralised by my attentions. Light and gentle, I rub my magic across the chest, back and shoulders of each, virtuous and evil alike. They're all reunited here in innocence, at Ruby's Chapel of Rest and Funeral Home., Doyle Tafiti: I bought this SanDisk Sansa Clip+ 4GB Indigo MP3 Player SDMX18 from this website last week. Up to this moment, I am happy with this guy., And that wraps up Project Paper for January! Six easy peasy steps. A couple of days left until I will host our link party and you can all share all of your Project Paper work in all it's glory! I am super giddy excited to see all the organized eye candy, it sounds like many of you have been hard at work!, I took some absolutely adorable photos of some brand new babies,, Earlier Sunday, soldiers broke up a demonstration by some 30 people in front of the national assembly, where the talks were being held., But musically it would have been better to think of playing a different piano part or changing the guitar part. At the time I was learning to play it I had no idea this was going to be a problem., Rolling stones do gather a lot of moss these days., Farfisa Beat, Just wanted to let everyone know SAS is getting ready to celebrate a birthday and is getting ready to start their annnual Next SAS-Y lady contest, read all about it on their forums., Last night, at the Radiohead show at the Frank Erwin Center, there was a guy in the "floor" section of the arena who decided that the best idea for experiencing they show was to, you know, lie on the nasty horrible uncomfortable ground while gently playing the "drums" on his substantial belly. He did this for about four of five songs and only changed his position (and eventually got up) after people started staring at him as they walked by and one guy checked on him to make sure he wasn't dead., Teach Me, Delirium, and Pandemonium, for example. I read them furiously but also felt humbled and moved by the prose and the stories themselves in a way that will stick with me for a long time. The Fault in Our Stars was maybe a cake book, but it's hard for a book about cancer to be a cake book. But still., Be extremely careful while caramelising the onions, as one bad move (could scorch) and your soup could taste bitter., So successful has our series on beer games been (I even had one comment on the last instalment, thanks Zak!) that I have decided to continue it. Partly because there are plenty of beer drinking based games around but mostly because the games, and researching and writing about them is just so much fun. Today we look at the American College students’ favourite drinking game, Beer Pong., The challenges over at BPC look so fun...if I can make a dent in my cleaning/organizing, maybe I can participate in one of them., To be that big-banged 8th grader again with no fear of embarrassment over the words or simplicity of chords., Anyways, got one outfit from last week to share with you. With my beloved zebra tunic from d.i.a. which is one of my favourite pieces of my whole wardrobe., My Insult for today is, The seller mentions the part is from 2004, 2003-2004 was the era when teams were switching from vaned fabricated uprights towards the more slender Ti designs with airflow passing around them. Additionally at the time carbon fibre was increasing being adopted as a gearbox material, with the heat and point loads that a gearbox has to accept being similar to that of an upright., There was a recent article in the NY Times that discussed the potential impact of digital editions of books on mega booksellers, such as Barnes and Noble. The article noted that, as in the film "You Have Mail" the romantic comedy which had Tom Hanks' "Fox Books" book chain pushing Meg Ryan's "The Little Shop Around the Corner" out of the book business, digital books sold online at lower prices may now be threatening the large book chains with their relatively high mortar and brick overheads, in the same way the big chains previously muscled the little book stores out of business., more details to come. in the mean time, i'll be here trying to enjoy my last few days of "freedom"., All the recipes came out very well. The white cake is delicious! It's buttery without being heavy. It's moist enough on its own that it didn't need any syrup to keep it from drying out. It's a little bit on the sweet side for my Asian palate, but I think overall it was a wonderful recipe. The lilikoi curd was also wonderful. I cut down on the sugar for the recipe. The curd was tart on its own, but with the cake on the sweeter side, it matched very well. As for the buttercream, this was a winner!! As I've said many times before, I'm not a big frosting fan. But this is one of the best buttercreams I've ever tasted. I again cut down on the sugar and it was perfect., The 10 Bloggers I would like to nominate for the Genuine Blogger and the Sunshine Awards are:, and whispers of a longing I was given, Kreisleriana, op.16, Raspberry Lemon Muffins, DO: Think about working for a few hours in a meeting room or a local coffee shop if you need to get away from your desk., Homely. LOL! I think this is meant in terms of the UK version, as in a homebody. Not 'homely' as in downright ugly... I can faithfully declare that yes, my homelife is precious to me. Though my physical home is far from a magazine spread - I'm the farthest thing from a Susie Homemaker you can get. It's my emotional homelife that's important to me. Hugs, time to listen, making sure everyone feels safe and loved - yes. Dusted, swept, put away - not so much., Bob a member of NN believes that such projects have helped him gain “the confidence to speak out and say what I need to say”. Kirsty, another long term member believes that:, Of course the first point is that not everyone has those choices. Certainly they're a privilege accorded only to those living in comparatively wealthy countries and to those not hindered by ill health or extreme poverty., Sad news for magic mushroom fans. The historically-tolerant Dutch banned the sale of psychedelic mushrooms today in the wake of a visiting French teen-ager who jumped to her death from an Amsterdam building while under the influence., Is your heart filled with, Lesson 3, And so, I packed my bag that morning, received a few birthday phone calls from family, and dashed out for a last minute bagel to eat on the plane, all while gazing up at that glorious, perfect, cloudless blue sky., Your text is minimal, and so is mine, and they’re often just updates on current activities. Especially if we’re teenagers., arrested in a house at the, Home Mortgages, Xmas is the season where some extras have been carefully added and served to us on a platter of deceptions. Yes, with a thread of deceit they bring truth and lies together to change the true story of the birth of Jesus Christ. The sad thing is that they have done it with so much craftiness that many Christians fail to see it. Dear friends, the story of Mary, Jesus and Joseph does not need to be reinvented, just retold., “If I’m here on May 22, and I wake up, I’m going to be in hell,” says Brown. “And that’s where I don’t want to be. So there is going to be a May 22, and we don’t want to be here.”, Perfect! Here are the step-by-step instructions!, And the twelfth strand of DNA is held by the pure white Selenite or Quartz crystals and vibrates to the number four as well. This is where you come to the end of cycles; wherever you are faced with a life changing experience, the crossroads so to speak, know that you are working with twelfth strand DNA issues. This is where the soul steps in, where spirit takes over and you can call it fate, you can call it destiny and it takes you where you must be. It is like everything becomes completely out of your control and the only choice that you have is to surrender, you can carry on and fight it if you want to but you will get tired. So it is rather to surrender to it., Evan Harris (pictured) has campaigned for some years for the legalisation of assisted suicide through both the British Medical Association and also as a back-bencher in Parliament, but with little success. Interestingly he lost his West Oxford and Abingdon seat in the general election earlier this year on a large swing to a candidate who opposed his views on a number of ethical issues., In Very High mode, the GTX 670 is the overall winner, coming in ~12% faster than the Radeon and 36.5% faster than the GTX 580. This trend collapsed when we increased to Ultra High settings — none of the video cards tested here were capable of maintaining a smooth frame rate under the load. The GTX 580 wins overall, but doesn’t really offer a playable frame rate., The fire burns while the pen is in my hand,, i remember the time …, 1. Favorite author?, Many times new devotees, who enter the movement have raised a question to me; Prabhu, it is difficult to believe that such senior devotees who did so much service to Srila Prabhupada would actually deviate and fall for such ambition. This is easily understood from your own teachings about the ‘shajiya’ trap or pitfall that a practitioner of bhakti is prone to fall into if he one is not careful., You’re doing a great job. You’re the best dad in the world. I’m sorry the moms at story time won’t let you into their circle, but I don’t want you talking to other women anyway., 1 inventory, Hope everyone out there has had a great start to the year!! I love my KinderGators!!!, You've got blood, baby friend of mine,, Templar share the Bonnier stand with, among others, Hot Key, whom I promised to say more about. It was a surprise to find Ruth Logan there as Rights Director - a recent appointment - since she was still listed in that capacity in the catalogue for Bloomsbury! But never mind, so was Sarah Odedina. Hmn, maybe that Bible is not as reliable as I thought., Tiny Tags stamp set, Medium jewelry Tag punch, Real Red, Pretty in Pink,, "I pointed out some different things, and right away I got some really positive feedback from feminists of color who read my blog. But then I also got really, really, really challenged all over the place by the liberal white feminist bloggers who came over to my site," said Susana. "It was a constant, I'm not going to believe you until you prove it to me. Prove that Afghani women are aware that the burqa is viewed as misogynist and oppressive.'", The other aspect is sustenance of the solution reached upon. Because crumbling of peace is almost inevitable in most of the cases – soon after., Irreverent greeting card retailer Scribbler has a number of unique and quirky gadgets to see you and you’re friends through the summer., A smile is the light in the window of your face that tells people you’re at home. ~Author Unknown, Contest Rules:, NAMA was asked for a comment this morning, but given the ongoing court case, I wouldn’t hold my breath for any clarification., This post is part of a series, based on my experiences as an intern at the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh in Feb-March 2012., But in truth, the exchange, especially one in which a brewery finds a subsequent use for the spent grist, then in turn uses products the grain helped enable, well that makes a brewery something more than just a beer factory, and a brewpub something more than just a place to eat and drink., yes, you read that correctly. $3. that is all i spent on this redo. i re-used everything i already had. yep, i'm green like that. oh yeah, and on a tight budget. like no budget. i will not even show you what this little room looked like this morning. you might not want to be my friend, it was that bad. picture this: shoes(many), muddy baseball stuff, tupperware(no idea), dirt, lots and lots of dirt, dog dishes,dog food container, random jackets and mittens. everything ends up in this tiny dump all space. this is our main entry as a family. all guests use the front door with the nice entry so we can fool you that we are clean and organized. :) but our family got the crap spot. this mudroom is in our basement so to me it always feels icky and dark. i needed to brighten it up and make it happy, like the rest of our home. ready?......, The Turks had been sighted several days ago, marching from Palestine toward the canal. Among colonial and military circles, everyone was anxious about the offensive's outcome and yet so certain of victory. Aside from echoes of a world at war and the maddening dust, another malaise afflicted the old city. With the British military occupying Egypt, foreigners and infidels in the eyes of the native Egyptians, there was a yearning for independence and mixed feelings about opposing the Ottoman Empire., When she did make a comeback, I just couldn’t relate to her. Blackout was still okay but the last 2 albums, Circus and Femme Fatale are so not Britney! Her voice is heavily autotuned! After listening to hits like Toxic, if i listen to Big Fat Bass, I’m like ugghh!, LC: The top four are a less surprising mix, though I would not necessarily have guessed that Poseidon would be up there. He was beastly to Odysseus because of Troy, but really, it wasn’t just Odysseus who brought about its downfall. I’ve always thought that Poseidon was over harsh in that particular case. I am also scared of the sea—I don’t want to go out further than I can touch—so he was never going to be my favourite., But let me know your thoughts. If you breastfed and pumped, when did you know it was time to stop nursing?, so last night at 2:30 in the morning my brain wouldn't let me sleep. I seem to have insomnia of sorts lately or maybe its insomnia of the brain. It took everything in me not to login to blogger and let out a thousand thoughts. I just kept hearing my mom and her damn 24 hour rule, you know wait 24 hours before you send the awful email, pissed off text, etc. I am not even mad at anyone in particular just people in general. My dad for not being a dad and then dying. A friend for not seeing who I really am. Others, who seem to have judgement on everything I do yet spend very little time in my life. I get up and I get dressed just like everyone else. I do my best not to pass judgement on others in my life. Maybe I should do a better job at not passing judgement period. Maybe this is my karma, my payback. Its funny last night and for most of the day yesterday I kept hearing words in my head. Words that have been said to me over the past month from so called friends and my family. Its allot to take in sometimes, every ones thoughts and opinions on your life., PUPPPS RASH, The man who died so that a dream might live,, Such Friends Are Dangerous by Walter Tyrer, Some people think that the real Rod Stewart had disappeared by 1980; others say it was in the 1990s, and some long-time fans were even waiting until 2000 or so for his return before giving up. I have proof; it is now undeniable that Rod perished somewhere in Oprah Winfrey Land in 2009. His fatal illness began several years ago when his “Great American Songbook” box-set was one of the worst releases in 2005, and his latest studio release, “Soulbook,” has now confirmed his demise. How did one of the greatest vocalists of our generation turn into a two-bit karaoke stylist that has his heroes like Sam Cooke and Otis Redding turning in their graves?, Life with Kerri is grateful for insurance, and our sense of humor., Now, yes, even now we may, “Not really,” I replied. “I’m just like my mom. The funny thing is I never even saw it coming.”, Are there any?, My boyfriend is super charming and full of charisma, but he is an annoying one upper. He craves attention so bad that he purposely steals the spotlight from me by one upping everything that I do. If I brag to a friend about a compliment that I received at work, he tells them that his boss hand-carved a plague of excellence for him. I don’t know how to get my boyfriend to chill out and quit being over dramatic. What can I do to get him to quit trying to better than everybody? Especially me!, Traditionally nickel was used in white gold, however, nickel is no longer used in most white gold made today as nickel can cause reactions with some people. We do not use nickel in our white gold, currently handling approximately 240 chats per week and expects to reach, I’ll post a link later from Youtube so you can hear this great song!, Ahem... I mean, I have no idea what's going on with that show. I don't watch it still. Really..., If you are Grandpa, punctuation is extremely important!, I would liken the early communist conspirators, malevolent as they may have been, to a deluded scientist who created a faulty chemical weapon, which once injected into its victim takes on a life of its own, driven on mindlessly by the flaws within its design and independent of the plans of its designer., They should not fly, The global economy is on the verge of a new and deeper jobs recession that may ignite social unrest, the International Labour Organization (ILO) has warned., Drink half your weight in water ounces. Hydration is important in order to keep the food’s macro- and micro-nutrients moving along the digestive track. Increasing the water intake while eating a lot of fiber in your fruits and vegetables will keep your digestion and elimination regular., i have a confession to make. over the last 5 months or so i have not been totally forthcoming on my blog. i did not do this out of dishonestly or ill intent…but out of inauthenticity. i have been thinking about this recently as some events have unfolded in my personal life. at the same time i caused these changes in my personal life tessierose (btw, her husband’s constant use of her real first name unnerves me. she is tessierose, damn it!) did a series of posts about shifting friendships. in one post she said the following which i will cut and paste directly from her blog:, Publisher- The Writer's Coffee Shop Publishing House, The Hearth ~, This week progress, 2 to 2 1/2 cups flour, So the Middletons, who are an ambitious family that just got the biggest break they could ever get are probably sitting around wondering how to make Pippa tow the line. That probably has Pippa reflecting that having a Duchess as your big sister is no fun sometimes. So when Prince Harry laughs and shakes his head about her then maybe he's a wiser young man than everyone has taken him for. In other worlds Pippa's a bad girl to be standing next to in a lightening storm! Then again many celebrities are dangers to themselves and others., Monolith, Finally, as was pointed out recently by a wise friend, Christian hope must be a person before it can be an attribute. Or, true hope must be a noun before it can be a verb. Jesus Christ is our hope. It’s in and through Jesus that all God’s promises are “yes and amen” for us. Hope begins when faith apprehends Jesus and it grows as faith continues to cling to him., Main Stream Media let the light shine in and cease feeding us politically correct “Crap Sandwiches”. Crap sandwiches credited to Michelle Malkin. Beautiful., a while, and I'm scared, 13. Blue Monday, The vaccine safety debate is murked up with money and crossed purposes. Adverse reactions do happen, and the doctors know it. We had to sign a lot of papers acknowledging that reality when Billy had Transverse Myelitis. We are not the only ones., “Mr Wood has been advised that the works require planning permission.”, the field trip permission slip i looked hours for in February, Patton's discipline is intended to create that condition of initiation - there's still going to be the odd soldier here and there who hasn't yet realized that mom's not coming, that no bell is going to sound signifying the end of dodge ball -- who resists the comfort of berserker madness and still clings to civilized fear, who thinks clinging to the crumbling shards of his childhood persona will strengthen rather than destroy him. In the end all the military drilling and exhaustion is partly for this purpose - to weaken the ego's dogmatic hold, so you can actually be molded into a killing machine who can then run into the path of flaming bullets--against all common sense and instinct of self-preservation. When you're more scared of running away than you are to fight, cowardice evaporates in the crossfire. But as long as one soldier can get away with pretending to be sick to get out of combat, the morale of the whole unit is in jeopardy. Hence a little bitch-slap. However, though I realize all that now, as a child I used to think Patton a bully for bullying sake, and apparently so did the bulk of America - then as a hippie I thought he was existentialist and square; now I get it. Patton must necessarily be excused from any consequences that may stem from disrespecting boundaries, for the best defense is a good offense and therefore the mark of a good general. Eisenhower also shows himself a good general in the way he masterfully plays up the slapping event up to deflect Nazi attention from D-Day (he had Patton scoping locations in Turkey, tricking the Germans sure into thinking he would invade there, and that the slap incident was a flimsy smokescreen - double reverse psych!)., More Shiner Holiday Cheer, more Nogne O, and Pyramid Snowcap, Moving off of Ortega Highway in SJC was at first tragic for me. How could I leave Scotty?!?!? But I made friends with Michelle Pettit and her brother John right off the bat. We were in Mrs. Case's 3rd grade class together and inseperable. I spent so many nights at sleep overs at her house. Her older cousin Pam gave us her old training bras and we thought we were so cool. MTV was born and Michelle's family had cable!!! So we pretended to be the Go Go's or Cindy Lauper and listened to the old AM station the Mighty 690! We ran all over the place in our neighborhood. Playing in the creekbeds catching frogs & turtles, swinging on the old tire swing over the creek, riding our bikes, roller skating, hanging out at Tuesday's Horse Stables, stealing pomegranates from our neighbors tree, playing with Barbies, occasionally washing cars to make a little money., They were wonderful and were far more fun to watch when they did the opposite of what they were meant to do., And, if you’re hosting a Derby Day party – don’t forget a fabulous invitation to make a strong impression from the start! Here are a few of our favorite Derby-inspired invitation designs., Excerpt from Undeniably Torn, I feel confident that Paul would not be included in the number of desperate ones even though the wording indicates he was helping to lighten the ship. He had been assured by the Lord in Acts 23:11 that he would live to seeRomeand to preach the gospel there., The one funny thing... I'm now in size 12 clothes, and they are still fitting like a glove! I gained almost 10 pounds, but my clothes didn't change in fit AT ALL... that is just WEIRD!, We did find a church. It was a good church. It's a big church in Portland and I still appreciate all the work they do and the influence they have. God definitely is there. But I wan;t allowed to help. I wasn't a part of the ocmmunity. And God remained silent., During litigation, a number of prior art references were put forward, and one of the references was found to anticipate. Nevertheless, Judge Davis went further in pointing out that the claims were obvious as well:, I looked up the club that Georgia mentioned on the stream. It's open until really late. Alick knows, I'd drag him places until 3 a.m. Oh, I guess you weren't supposed to know that Dad. Oops., Indeed, we have found out this morning that Zaath, this incredibly talented DJ from Versailles with a twist of Southern France, has decided to accept our offer and to appear as the Headliner of our festival., Tourist C: I think this is the site of the Temple of Bloopitus Bloppitus., A: Not at all. Most of my self-pubbed ebooks are available in print, through Createspace. This December, I've earned over $2300 on them., Ok, I am done now. :), This is the same as asking, Who is the God mentioned in Gen 1:1? Or, Who is speaking in Gen. 1:26?, So the Chinese government launched a cyber-war against Google after a politburo member googled his own name and found he was as highly-regarded as a hornet on a horse’s arse. A classic example of shooting the messenger, I would say. Here is some friendly advice for Mr Li Changchun, minister for propaganda and chopstick torture – if you can’t stand the heat, get your face out of the frying wok. Hacking Google to pieces won’t stop people sticking your name in Ask Jeeves and other search engines. If a billion people think you’re a dickhead, nothing can stem the tide of opprobrium., harasses brown people or big Wall Street, I've liked all the tours I've been a part of. We did a tour with Mother of Mercy, and Foundation a while back that was awesome. It was the first full U.S. tour that we did, and Sound & Fury was great that year. We went to Japan with H2O a little bit ago that was sick. Those dudes were really cool people to hang with, and seeing friends from across the world was cool too., Kids were all about protecting this planet from the ravages of man's own trash and polluting. And so what better: make an embodiment of all this topical social ruin for Godzilla to fight (Hedorah in this case) and set them up to battle each other. What could be easier?, with arms within arms, in accordance with the Scriptures;, I sewed the tongue in place. Fortunately the front pocket on Lincoln's backpack is big and my machine is extremely maneuverable, so I could applique the tongue using my Bernina. I don't think my old Singer could have handled this however, so don't be surprised if you have to applique some parts by hand., You can see just how large the spaces are, and that large tree right above me sure made the heat of the day easier to deal with. I've definitely become an expert packer over the years. Everything here, including the tables, canopy, and inventory has to fit in the back of my pickup truck...with the top on., The Chinese Military Defense is mobilizing their vast units of cloned female soldiers to send into Japan should further earthquakes leave Japan’s borders defenseless. The plan, we have learned, is for the Chinese government to take over all financial institutions within Japan and control all Yakuza territories in drugs, sex traffic, and political corruption, working with the Cabal to force Japan to succumb to the Federal Reserve Bank’s fiat money and Rockefeller/Rothschild rule., mention Allah’s Name; cover your containers and utensils and mention Allah’s Name. Cover them, Whitehorse said, "Stand up for what's right, even if you are standing alone.", as the Sparrow, Goldfinch, Blue Tit, Cricut Cartridges - Printing Press and George & Basic Shapes (for the Hearts), the colorful circles and strips were leftover scraps from cutting labels using the Art Philosophy cartridge, Travelling gear?, Similar Types The excellent crested has a dark grey face and breast; olive rinse on factors of breast; wide white edge to inward secondary; all-rufous inner internets of longest tail feathers; orange-yellow mouth lining; and paler base to lower mandible. The lesser, paler ash-throated has white move between grey and yellow-colored on underparts, and its longest tail tip is usually black not rufous. The lesser Nutting’s and dusky-capped have red mouth lining; the dusky-capped has much less rufous in longest tail., 4. I love fairy tales, but dislike most modern fantasy and can’t stomach most fantasy based/sci-fi movies. If it includes dragons and fairies, then that usually just kills it for me. I love Grimm’s fairy tales, Hans Christian Andersen, Lewis Carroll, JRR Tolkein, etc. My favorite modern fantasy is the Harry Potter series, and The Lies of Locke Lamora by Scott Lynch. My favorite mythological creature is the Mermaid and I have a special fondness for creatures of the sea, including squids, octopi, whales, seahorses, starfish, etc., A recent article, “Best Vegetables to Grow in the Shade,” by Colleen Vanderlinden, which was published in 2012 in Mother Earth News’ Guide to Organic Gardening, takes a look at the shade side of the equation. Vanderlinden makes a distinction between dappled shade and partial shade. Dappled shade, which is the result of a high canopy that isn’t too dense, can still produce fairly bright conditions for the garden. As a result, the garden that experiences periods of dappled shade benefits from more sunlight than you might think, even though it may come in a less direct form., This suited me perfectly as it gave me the chance to concentrate on getting that great image of Barry. Thanks Ben., Other suggestions for cool teen lunches are:, The influence of the American South on the artistic world is immense: not only feeding artists into the world but inspiring, influencing and even producing artistic offspring. The American stage has been just as duly influenced by the South, though possibly to a lesser extent than other artistic realms. The South has produced numerous actors and actresses to grace its boards such as Huntsville, Alabama’s Tallulah Bankhead; Harlem, Georgia’s Oliver Hardy and Charleston, South Carolina’s Stephen Colbert. Columbus, Mississippi, a city with an especially interesting history produced one of America’s greatest playwrights, Tennessee Williams, whose work has influenced generations of writers and other artists. Louisville, Kentucky has, in recent decades, gained influence on the American stage with the annual Humana Festival of New American Plays. This festival has brought notice to a whole new legion of American playwrights and promoted new plays such as Donald Margulies’ Dinner with Friends, Jane Martin’s Keeley and Du and Beth Henley’s Crimes of the Heart., Sebastian: I didn't really think about it that way. It's just something that happened. I needed cash. I was seventeen and I figured that was an easy way. It just sort of happened. I've seen a lot, ya know?, Whodathunk., Dealing with heartbreak and dealing with blood,, Vintage pink candleholders/flower frogs are marked USA, As I was looking for inspiration, I actually didn't have to go far! The Flourishes Gallery is chocked full of fun creations and many of the designers "did" think out of the box. You can head on over to today's post over on the Flourishes Blog for more inspiration! Speaking of inspiration, you can hop on over to the Flourishes gals' blogs to see what they whipped up this Free for All Friday!, But getting back into exercises. The last time I failed a PT test I was recovering from pneumonia and just couldn't breath during the two mile run. I was ashamed and embarrassed. Once my lungs cleared up my run time went back into my normal range and all was well and good. Except that I'm not obsessing about getting better on my PT., And wonders., I'm not quite feeling the spring yet. I love the varying shades of blues here, like a range of patina... but the hints of honey and mustard accents keeps me in my comfort zone. I've been having a lot of decorating ideas lately that combine these colors, even with a bit of navy mixed in. I just got a new set of chairs from a city wide garage sale and am considering finally pulling out that sander I borrowed from my friend to do something colorful. Well see where this adventure takes us., Well, see...Diesel, the boxer? I just brought him home, the day after Christmas. Steven spanked me, and then adjusted and grew to love the little guy., Gladly, he grabbed handfuls of the meagre meal and carefully dropped them into a french fry box. Thanking the man with sincerity, he ambled off leaving the man with the blue shoes barely affected., I am a lucky girl., This being said; I need to know..., Sirkorski R, Juszkiewicz T, Paszkowski T, Szprengier-Juskiewicz T. Women in dental surgeries: reproductive hazards in occupational exposure to metallic mercury. Int Arch Occup Environ Health 1987; 59: 551-557., Oh, and did I mention that in the last few months I've lost 40+ lbs? Woot! Woot! I am so very psyched about that!, You are free to choose just like me., ‘So we have two crises now. A still-unresolved eurozone crisis and a crisis of the European Union. Of the two, the latter is potentially the more serious one. The eurozone may, or may not, break up. The EU almost certainly will. The decision by the eurozone countries to go outside the legal framework of the EU and to set up the core of a fiscal union in a multilateral treaty will eventually produce this split.’, This leaves me and my husband. I dress in black lace, leather and pretty stockings and, you know., Tomorrow will be a great day. I open. I will eat well. I will live life to the fullest and have a smile on my face. People will see me for who I am and I will accept those around me., Consider it, then, a glimpse into a possible future: one in which a genius—whose unique skills brought him from the dawn of his artform to the brink of its next evolutionary step; from the Nickelodeon era to the beginnings of D.W. Griffith and Charlie Chaplin—might have either progressed, or dissipated. Could this man of the theatre, this magician, have embraced a medium that had grown up? Conquest offers clues., I've really managed to get my mind off of the idea that "weight loss equals progress", even though I still weigh daily, I don't put nearly as much emphasis on what the number is. So, I'm trying to measure in other ways like taking body measurements or just judging how I look in the mirror., Quick Banana Bread, 93) I think I can die happy now, ‘cause I’ve just seen a piece of heaven., The film opens with Al, a 50 year old white man running a small beach diner in Hallandale, Florida. He confidently believes America to be the land of equal opportunities where any man with a little ambition, who isn't lazy, can always make a living; an America where ordinary working men have more protection, more freedom of speech, than anywhere in the world. “If you don’t like your president you can tell him where to go without being put against the wall and shot”. The next 90 minutes don't tally with Al’s assumption., The dubious offers of sexual liasons may or may not reappear, but I will not give a fuck - been there, done that., On the roadsides, the author continues, there were people waving hands with banners and message boards like “Welcome back,” “Thank you,” “Let’s Keep it up, Tohoku,” and “Let’s stay connected.” Passengers in the train waved back, the train operator also replied with a whistle, and the conductors waved hands from open windows!, The BBC could have shown its film any time. Why pick the worst possible moment for English football?, Many on the internet have tried to duplicate the Loveless biscuit recipe, and I tried some of their attempts, but they all came up flat. After much research and watching many youtube videos of Carol Faye in her various TV appearances, I determined that the Loveless Cafe biscuits had to be a specific variant of a Southern style biscuit called an "angel biscuit" which have yeast in them and Carol Faye always had to give time to rise. This type of biscuit was also called a "bridal biscuit" because it had 3 kinds of leavening in them yeast, baking soda, and Southern soft wheat self-rising flour - it gave new brides extra insurance that their biscuits would come out light and airy. I tried many recipes of this style biscuit, but the one that led me on the right track was out of the Southern Foodways Alliance Community Cookbook<U+FEFF>, which I really need to own someday. I tweaked it to make it more like the Loveless - the biscuits are smaller and saltier and are much taller than in the cookbook. From my research, it looks like Carol Faye uses oil instead of shortening, but I always have shortening on hand so that's what I use. At the Loveless, biscuits are cut small - Carol Faye said in an interview that she used to use a tomato paste can to cut out her biscuits, so I use a shotglass to cut out mine., “We must be 21st Century Buddhists, with full knowledge of Buddha dharma., My drawing room also contains a large portion of my artwork. In fact, I've hung most all of my portraiture in the room. A collection of black & white and colour photography, etchings, and oil painting from numerous periods all mix together . . . from wall to wall and floor to ceiling., She deals with her new child with calm and a gentleness that is so sweet., Of course again, the lie is only as effective, as the number of people who do not know the truth, but unfortunately for them, as their lies get bigger so do the number of witnesses., The spider is death and rebirth, and they molt their exoskeletons. They are really incredibly delicate creatures, who remind us to tread lightly. When my mother’s Tarantula molts she goes onto her back, this may look like the Spider is dead, but it is not. Here is a good article on what to do and not to do when your Spider is Molting., Lakewood Montessori Middle School has gone digital. If you have access to the Internet, you have access to over 200 ebooks from our collection., 04 Bye Bye Love, April 24th is the anniversary of when Pat and I started dating...seven years ago. We met in college and made things official at a "picnic" his fraternity was hosting (by picnic I mean a big open field with lots of people and about 40 kegs of beer - it was terribly romantic). Its funny to look back to our younger selves - I was 19 and he was 20, just babies! The years have gone by very quickly, but its hard to remember a time when we weren't a "we." He's my best friend and I'm even more obsessed with him now that I was way back then., We have intention of going to the beach again today, and hopefully I shall remember the camera., We love Sonata’s bodysuit so much we thought we would take a few pictures of our own to show you how they arrive from Lithuania….the ‘Aria’ bodysuit.All items from Sonata can take up to two weeks to arrive so please order early, but many orders are received well before this time., I got the shade 10 Beige, which is the lightest of their warm tones. It’s a bit ticker, but that doesn’t really bother me… what it does bother me is that it is super yellow! I have to be careful with it, to prevent that by applying to much or something… I don’t really know… I’ve only used it three times, maybe I need more time with it to give my opinion., In this 1980's nostalgia movie, Julia and Robbie fall in live and break up. When Julia elopes to Vegas to marry another man Robbie chase her and propose in a plane with a little help of Billy Idol., I met up with Catherine first because she had been so constructive with suggestions as to how I might make certain parts of the story work better. We hit it off, and I left RCW knowing that she was the person that I wanted to work with. I decided not to meet the other agencies and signed with RCW a few days later., Dying Wish (Sentinel Wars Series #6), Burley Public Library Board, I'm beginning to think that Sally-Ann, the owner of DigiStamp Boutique, is psychic, lol! I was busy making cards for a magazine commission earlier today and was thinking that I needed to make a card to send to Jemma, my son's girlfriend. I haven't seen her for a while and she's fed up as she's got chicken pox - not good when you're 26! Whenever she comes to our house, the first thing I do is make her a Dolce Gusto latte in a polka dot mug. Look what arrived in my inbox!!, This is such a lovely place. While many folks go to the Bristol Art Gallery or the Hope Gallery because they are in the actual center of Hope Street..... believe me....it's well worth taking a walk a little further down the street to see what's there as well., So the good news for unpublished authors is that, if editors reject your manuscript, then if you are willing to wait two or three years, you will have a (mostly) clean slate to try again., Take good photos! Think I need a DSLR as my diginal camera is just not doing the job, I would also like to finally read those two photography books I bought last summer!, “I’ve already told you,” he growled. “You’re my mate and I’ve come to take you back.”, we are so in trouble when they turn 16!, Thank you all for participating! I have mailing information for Robin, Joey and Larry. Sherri and Pat, please contact me with your address? I will mail them out right after Christmas., till all I could see, The development of the story was thorough and kept me turning page after page. I liked seeing Lex figure things out and learn more about Uncle Mort and the world he lived in. Speaking of Uncle Mort....I loved him. He's ability to get through to Lex when very few others could made their connection special. The fact that he did it through sarcasm, humor, and respect made me like him a little more than some other characters., Everything changes when we get saved. We don’t stop living in the world. We can never do that. We can’t shut ourselves out of it. We can only say that’s who we used to be, but thanks to the blood of Jesus Christ, we are redeemed and are new beings in Christ., The characteristic of this Dynamic Architecture is its “green” qualities in that the skyscraper rotates due to it being wind-powered. The project has been looked most closely at in Dubai, the city of the excess and unbelievable. The wind turbines which would be placed between each floor would make the skyscraper an environmentally positive construction, generating a large excess of power to put back into the energy grid. Each turbine has the peak ability to produce around 0.2 megawatt hours of electricity. Given Dubai has an average of 4000 hours of wind annually, with an average wind speed of 16 km/h, the turbines are estimated to produce around 1,200,000 kilowatt-hours of energy per year. Four of the 48 turbines in the building will be enough to power the entire tower, leaving the other 44 to provide surplus energy back into Dubai’s power grid., I'm gonna start this (non-exhaustive) post with two solo albums displaying the quiet-like, ambient-drone side of the Acid Mother's main man Kawabata Makoto, anyone familiar with Acid Mothers Temple will be surprised (and hopefully delighted) by the subtlety and beauty of his (comparatively restrained) guitar work., Finally, all was ready and at 10:45am local time, Amara Ruth Bolin was born. Dan got to be there to see her born and then stayed by my side while the doctor delivered my placenta and gave me a few stitches (although none externally… I didn’t tear at all!)., They turned their backs on the man and found, much to their annoyance, that they had reached a road junction. Decisions, decisions, decisions. Why were they all of a sudden limping on two different opinions? They knew exactly which direction O’Connor’s farm was. This was not the first time they had been directed there., Petaling Jaya., It was obvious all this hell was just barely to the north of us, so once we pulled off the highway going east, we had to head north to pick up my team member. Not five minutes into heading north were we hit with probably the hardest rain fall I have ever experienced. It was completely dark outside and I couldn’t drive more than ten miles per hour because of how heavy the rain was… I couldn’t even see the road lines immediately in front of my Jeep. Winds were gusting as high as seventy miles an hour and I was on a very poorly lit back road, thank goodness I had my Wrangler. We arrived at his house and went inside, just the run from the car to his door was enough to drench everyone. What’s funny is that only minutes later did the rain die out. Well, at least for now., “… and pigeons away,” she continued. “But I think it might also have repelled all birds, so that’s why I didn’t get it.”, Well, Lorena, I like that you know my wardrobe so well that you requested every piece. This really made my Monday easier - I didn't have to think! Drop me an email and we'll sort out what your prize will be!, But I think it is, ultimately, a bad thing for parent and child., The commission arrived and went to work, forcing whites to recognize full citizenship rights for mulattos. The result was chaos and race war. By 1793, most whites had either been killed or fled to France or the United States. (About 10,000 settled in the U.S. where they were received sympathetically. Many soldiers who had accompanied the French commission also left with them rather than help destroy their own people.), In the May 19 issue of the Philadelphia Inquirer, he writes in a piece titled "Keep Beer in Beer Stores," "Now, I can't be the only person who sees a problem with making it easy to buy beer and gasoline in one convenient location."No, you're not, but just because two people think french-kissing makes girls pregnant doesn't mean we're going to be overrun with babies. People drive to gas stations to buy gas, sure, but they also drive to Beer Super to buy beer. Are the gasoline fumes going to drive them to drink to excess on the way home? There's nothing about buying gas that makes people more likely to drink. Is it the "ice-cold sixpack" "waved in their face" that Shipula brings up that's the problem at the gas station? Funny, because he also lauds people buying six-packs at Pennsylvania's restaurants and bars, most of which they're driving away with, judging by the parking lots at so many of them. I know there's no bar within walking distance of my house. Beer at gas stations driving people to drink is a bogeyman. It makes no sense in the light of day, or reason., Writers: Árni Sveinsson & Árni Rúnar Hlö<U+00F0>versson, Commercial and homebrewing pioneer Greg Noonan died late Saturday. Noonan wrote the very influential homebrewing guide Brewing Lager Beer (1986, updated in 2003) and opened Vermont's first brewpub in 1988. More importantly, he guided and inspired many brewers., Tunisian Uprising: Leading Sunni Scholar Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi Says to Ousted President Ben Ali: “You Idiot! It Took Four Weeks and Hundreds of Casualties for You to Get It?!”, I want to make it clear from the start that I am not the original creator of this phrase in any shape or form. The letters stand for Don't Forget To Be Awesome and originates from an American writer, John Green and a musician Hank Green., In an era when extending State power was all the rage opposition to it could be calumnied as motivated only by dislike of any change. Political "Conservatives", of course always denied that charge vigorously and in fact have always clearly believed in "progress". For instance the major "conservative" political party in Altemeyer's own country (Canada) for a long time called itself the "Progressive Conservative" party. It is that very belief in progress that now tends to bring "conservatives" into conflict with environmentalists so that it is they (the "conservatives") who promote change while the environmentalists oppose it. The obvious lesson is that we all now seem to have no alternative to accepting what the "conservatives" have always claimed: That it is your attitude to State power that determines where you stand on the Right-Left divide of practical politics. "Conservatives" (Reagan, Thatcher) want limited State power, influence and intervention while Leftists (Stalin, Brezhnev, Li Peng) want a lot of it. Altemeyer, however, shows no awareness that this debate ever took place., Insiders said that aside from some efficiencies in delivery, this portion of the pipeline won’t have much of an impact., "The fabled beauty of the Sultan's imperial seraglio cannot hold a candle to the American flapper" Fred W. Upham, treasurer of the Republican National Committee, the earlier administration of, The shoes in that photo are my Fluevogs, and I walked the mile to work in the sunny sunshine today in those and these great soft angora socks., Chase – school magazine editor, photographer extraodinaire, and next-door-neighbour to Josh – was (to put it plainly) hot – really want to see more of him, and see his-and-Hartley’s relationship progress in the coming books – gotta love a teenage boy secure enough in himself to wear guyliner to school. There’s no insta-romance, just a lot of potential, gradually beginning to happen. Sam, Hartley’s best friend, is a fabulous and funny friend, and I liked that she was so involved in Hartley’s life. Their relationship and conversation felt very real and was full of lines that made me grin so much. (“OMG, you touched a dead body!”) Hartley’s mom is slightly eccentric and slightly more overdramatic, but I enjoyed that she obviously does love Hartley, and vice versa., Gingindlovu residents are walking their children to and from school and, I’d love to say that Annie exiting this show was actually a massive shock but seeing as it’s been telegraphed all season long, it’s more inevitable that her journey would come to an end in this episode. However, even I didn’t actually expect her to blow up the Old Ones and baby Eve in order to prevent the former from taking over the world., Foreshadowing events in the original series would be a mistake primarily because most creative teams are not known for subtlety and the prequels don't have the luxury of 12 issues to lay clues throughout the panels. If this endeavor is a success then be prepared for a series about what happens after Seymour discovers Rorsach's journal., I would like to tell you a little about myself and my company. My name is Jennifer and I am the owner and creator of Jensdigistamps.com. I have been drawing ever since I could hold a pencil. I have done many jobs in my life including being a hair dresser for the past 20 years but art has always been my passion and my love. I am in art galleries through out Ohio with my fine art but cartooning is a huge passion of mine. I have created jensdigistamps to give creative people fun images to work with. I also love meeting people who use my images and I am always looking for new ideas. Be sure to check out my work at www.jensdigistamps.com and feel free to contact me with any questions or ideas you may have., Today's card is based on a Challenge that was 'Yellow and One Other Colour' - I went for green, as i found some very old K & Co papers crying out to be used. I stamped out the image, then embossed it with CB 'Daisy Pattern', the edge round the frame is Memory Box 'Meridian Border' and i got the idea from the super talented Debby, thank you. I have put glossy accents in the middle of the daisies on the image and papers. The punched edge in the corner is MS 'Floral Lace', Migratory Bird Refuge – West of Brigham City – contains a WWII internment camp that was built before the game preserve was established., Just keeping it real people! Just keeping it real......, Arik walked over to the newly opened secret door and ran his fingers along the now exposed frame. Perfectly designed., In case you wish to know:, 1/4 cup tangerine vinaigrette -see recipe below, Otley clearly have developed a healthy disregard for conformity or conventionality. It's almost as though they sat down, chose a beer style, and then proceeded to do only what they darn well pleased, focussing only on the quality of the end product and tossing aside preconceived notions of what they 'should' be trying to achieve., Sometimes I am just tired of talking about this incest stuff. I do a lot of reading and I like writing and sharing my feeling here, but I am just tired of TALKING about it. Because talking leads to these questions in my head:, Dustin and I are going to go to San Diego for our Anniversary/last hurrah before the babe gets here. I am so excited! I came up with the idea a couple weeks before I brought it up to Dustin. Why you ask? Because my husband whom I love so much, loves Dave Ramsay, is an accountant, is stingy, and has Bert Waite for a father. I thought there was no chance in He….the world that he was going to say yes., “So if he doesn’t play anymore, I’d like to see him be part of the team in some way or function.”, So, how many people today are aware that Mussolini, that great Fascist ogre, was in his youth an incandescent revolutionary socialist, a labor-union agitator who was jailed for his pains (Hibbert, 1962)? He was as radical as any student radical of today. Even in his childhood, he was expelled from two schools for his rebellious behaviour., Programming Interns will be responsible for providing support to any of our many programs, such as Japanese Conversation Club, NW Nikkei Museum, Nikkei Genealogy, Yuji’s Omusubi, Special Events, etc. This is a great opportunity for an intern to gain valuable skills in program planning and coordination. Duties may also include general office work and other administrative tasks., The brush of this mascara is tiny. I have seen the full-size version, and it looks even smaller on a regular wand. The brush is made of rubber, and it is flexible. There are tiny little spikes on the brush. From what I can see on the Sephora website, this is supposed to be a volumizing mascara. Curiously enough, it is also suggested to be layered over the Diorshow Maximizer or any other Diorshow mascara. Since I don’t own any of those, I put it to test by itself., I think one of the reasons I treasure the efforts which fall short is because I know only to well just how fast they will be a distant memory. In the blink of an eye he'll be asking to watch Phineas and Ferb with Isabelle when we get to the house. And I can't ever bring myself to regret the change, because watching each of these precious kids grow is such a joy., On the impact of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) on agriculture and farm labour, the report refers to the evaluation studies carried out recently which have shown that while MGNREGS has contributed toward water conservation and water harvesting structures, drought proofing and tree plantation, flood control, micro and minor irrigation works and land development which will have a positive impact on agricultural productivity, it has also led to a substantial increases in the wage rates of agricultural labourers, reduced the availability of labor for agricultural operations and increased the cost of cultivation. In order to optimize synergies and bring convergence between MGNREGA and schemes of Ministry of Agriculture, guidance has been issued to state governments., Miss Rumphius has always been a favorite. Although it always bothered me that she never married and the only jobs she held was a librarian and school teacher. Traveling the world certainly is a bonus., Mandatory entry, Sans elevated imprimatur, battlefield cowboys live no better than common sparrows., Rel stumbled, his legs unable to decide between keeping their steady pace to avoid offending the other man's pride or hurrying over to him in solicitude. By the time Rel righted himself, the question was largely moot, and he knelt with as much grace as he could muster at Rissad's side. Awkwardly aware of the frustrated anger behind Rissad's pain, Rel fell back on manners; he gave the injured man a stiff nod. "Gatemaker. I'm Relvin Atcar, Clearseer-", 1. Your trusted glue-gun., but few chocolate ice cream cones., The hoopla this week includes getting the house cleaned, packing, going with Rick to the desert because he wants to get hulls for his gun (don't even ask), going to Idaho early Tues. to see my mom, going to the doctor in Idaho for my yearly subscription renewal exam, getting hair dyed here Thurs., leaving Friday to go to LV for the twins' birthday celebrations., Donna Coughlin, For the label on the tea bag, I used the pen feature for the sentiment "Brewed with Love" in the Funtime font 0helvetica Medium Rhinestone. It's a font I personally like to use when using the pen feature because it thin and simple. No need for special pens for the Gazelle!! She'll take any pen you want to use. For this particular project I used a Zig Memory System 0.5 mm writer. After I removed the pen from my Gazelle, I replaced the blade holder and cut out the shape around the sentiment and attached a string with a staple., No one will know this better than less-than-ordinary Owen Parker, who is about to discover that he is the descendant of a highly advanced ancient race—a race that took their technology too far and almost destroyed the Earth in the process., Where do I email my submissions to:, Mickey's Christmas Special ... ABC Family ... 6 PM, take that sunset, take that sun, This poem could well have been written for Robert McBride!, And the baby carrier had a built-in cap to keep the sun off the baby’s head and out of its eyes. I’m in awe of how clever these resourceful people were. If you’d like to see the other pictures I took of the basket collection at Maryhill, click the link below:, Today's Trombonist hails from the great city of New Orleans and whenever he plays it's going to be funky. I'm talking about Big Sam's Funky Nation. While Big Sam does a whole lot of dancing with his trombone, he thankfully does not wear a bikini., Here is the card I made for her, (though it probably hasn't made it all the way across the country yet)..., One response to our campus pulse before (when asked ‘Do you think momma should be banned?’) was something like ‘Magdala na lang sila ng empty bottle tapos dun nila i-spit, pag may nagtanong kung ano yun, just say Carrot juice’ (Let them just have an empty bottle to spit in. When someone asks what is it, just say Carrot Juice). This response is funny., If no one in the US, UK, France, the UN or NATO’s technicians of death are held accountable for the sacking and looting of Libya- the crime of the 21st century, then expect that they will simply move forward, and do it again, and again. So who’s next? Syria?, So the social etiquette and the kissing of asses and the grieving of the lifestyles, the pressures, the big money, the market makers, the attitudes, the competition beyond healthy levels, the fear driven dollars, the lazy money, the GIFT, the tax workaround plan B on the down low or right up like oil on water if the gamble paid off…. because then the publicity can be bought nice., Here are some comments backing the campaign:, The virtual world of OZ has been hacked and a malicious virus, known as LoveMachine, is systematically tearing it to pieces, and literally “absorbing” users. The thing is, though, is that OZ is like Facebook, only bigger. The virtual world presented in Summer Wars is fully integrated with the entire society at large: businesses are run in OZ; public services, like traffic control and emergency access, are coordinated through OZ; even infrastructure, like electricity and water, are controlled in OZ. In short, the entire country is running on OZ., The “M0” money supply is the total of all physical bills and currency, plus the money on hand in bank vaults and all of the deposits those banks have at reserve banks., You should have a contact sheet with all your vendors’ names, email and numbers -- and list their back-up or secondary contact at the company too -- so you can contact them if you get concerned., They are still building stamina in Daily 5. They've worked on Read to Self, Work on Writing, Read to Someone. Next week I'll integrate Word Work and eventually Listen to Reading. I am meeting with individual students to set a reading goal (comprehension, accuracy, fluency or expand vocabulary). This has been time consuming but worth it to have student working independently to practice their reading skills., the adoptive love, Ask anyone who went through the end of the Soviet Union what it was like, and you get a pretty good idea about what is coming., They hated the Lord to the extent that they demanded His death on the cross. Then their hatred was vented upon Stephen, a man full of the Holy Ghost. He, in acts 7:56, testified of seeing the Lord in heaven. They stoned him., Flowers seem more vivid, more fragrant, Some of the grandchildren were here for a couple of days this week. They came to help Grandma and Grandpa sort and pack and get ready for our move. I got in some much needed snuggle time and I loved having an excuse to use the fire pit and make s'mores and sing silly songs. Yesterday, baby Maesie slept in my arms while the family packed the car to return home. Three-year-old Kreed gave me a big hug and kiss goodbye. He started to walk out the door and since I still held Maesie, I asked if that meant I got to keep her at my house., Admittedly, these acts were obviously cut from our temple rituals because participants felt uncomfortable with the intimacy they suggest. This was especially the case for women — who were not allowed to have priestesses ministering at the veil ritual for them, but had to be received by a male priest to whom they were not married., 5. Murdoch himself will become embroiled in the affair., If you stumble upon a new and eccentric variation, please share your brilliance with us below., Traci Huskamp Oil painting. I am formally trained as a watercolorist, but I have always had the desire to explore the lush world of oils. I have pondered returning to the local university to take a couple of classes, but have yet to make it a priority., as you can tell…This is my aunt Barb and Kyle being crazy!, Surname-distribution maps are great aids to determining immigrant origins. They work particularly well for studies of less-common surnames and in countries that did not use patronymics. United States researchers should remember to search for variant surname spellings, especially for those with European ancestors whose surnames were Anglicized in America. If immigrants arrived in family units, identifying places where both the father and mother’s surnames were prevalent, provides valuable clues about their origins., In 2006, the ELL department developed ‘Embedding Latino Culture in the K-3 Social Studies Curriculum. General education teachers attend workshops to learn how to embed elements of Latino culture in the social studies curriculum. They also receive Latino culture kits, which include lesson plans, books, flags, maracas, and other items., Saw the NYC premier at The Kitchen of a "live documentary," Utopia in Four Movements, by Sam Green; he directed The Weather Underground, which I loved. His new project contemplates our relationship to utopias, which he semi-facetiously defined as places that do not exist, where everyone has a good job and a good standard of living. He mostly showed footage of/talked about (1) Esperanto (2) communist states, esp. Cuba, although he consistently used the term, "socialism," in talking about them; and he more or less assumed we agree that our own capitalist democracy has also proved disappointing, if not quite the failure of communist states, and (3) forensic archaeology, i.e., where they dig up mass graves and attempt to identify remains., What are you reading? I have some of your recent suggestions on my wish list at the library...someone else must have read your comments and scooped them up first! I must be quicker this time., Please hit our roof...hard. Everywhere. Lots of you guys., An hour later, Freeman confronts Britten. He doesn't believe Britten is a copycat, but he does point out how wierd Britten has been acting since returning to work. He hands Britten a set of crime scene photos, and says that if Britten is going to pull another rabbit out of his hat, now is the time. Britten does: a napkin at the warehouse has a green exclamation point logo that Britten remembers seeing spraypainted, in red, on the vacant storefront he checked out with Vega in the real world. While the killer was making his phone call to Santoro, Britten had been to the vacant storefront in his dream. It was the same, except there was no spraypainted red mark., “He (Straw, who was then Foreign secretary) took the view that I was being very dogmatic and that international law was pretty vague and that he wasn’t used to people taking such a firm position,” said Wood., Two dry heaves later, Bobby rolls over on his back, the bucket like a vile bell dangling from his fingers. He set it down gently so as not to spill it. The ground-down carpet was in bad shape, he considered, but adding the contents of his stomach to the filth would just be insult on injury. Bobby blinked slow, a lizard in the heat. His stomach cramped and he winced. The flies, goddamn flies, why they gotta be so loud? he thought., 8. Internet password organizer — $9.95 Okay, this is a little boring. But practical. And it will make Mom’s life easier. I seriously need this…I have about thirty different password combinations scribbled on little bits of paper in my desk drawer. Shameful., Rare Beer Tuesday (8/31), May 15, 2012 / Montreal, Canada / Petit Campus, Many times a licensor, especially one in a strong position, will make no warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied concerning any matter in the agreement. In effect, no warranty is extended. Courts do not always recognize this practice, however. At the same time, if the agreement is silent with respect to a warranty, the licensee should not consider a warranty as implied. The understanding of the parties must be expressed in the agreement. Therefore, the licensee should negotiate as best he can to obtain a meaningful warranty., Peter Gabriel wrote a song to his dad called Father-Son. Gabriel sings, "I first found my courage knowing daddy could save." While not about his music specifically, Gabriel acknowledge his father for his strength. That strength certainly led to a long successful musical career., In the second photo, hopefully you can see the depth of the storage area to give you an idea of how much you can potentially stock up in what may look like a small area. Shelves are one of your best friends when it comes to creating space for food storage., New celebs at the festival included Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Alexander Sarsgaard, Penn Badgley (who looks AWFUL!), Zoe Kravitz, Nikki Reed and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley., I was very moved by the beautiful singing in the church. Both Fr Francis Tran and the Seminarian, Mr Stephen Varney, were singing Mass. Both have such beautiful voices! The church choir sang very well too. Stephen was given the homily that morning. He pointed out that for some people the Priesthood can offer a fulfilling way of life. They may think that it might be too hard to stick to being a priest. Even though for most people it is right to get married, you may think about it that it is also often not easy to stick to being husband and wife. It all depends on what God wants you to do, doesn’t it?, The annual 5K run and 2-mile walk benefits the Justin Cruz Scholarship Foundation, named in memory of organizer Michele Cruz’s son, Justin. Justin was a college-bound athlete from Wall Township when he died at the age of 17 in a one-vehicle accident in October 2005, when he lost control of his truck and went off the road., There are so many things from which I take inspiration. I am naturally drawn to rustic, cozy, shabby chic styles of clothing, furniture, fabrics, etc. I LOVE to scour thrift shops, looking for treasures which can be transformed into beautiful keepsakes. I actually get a rush in finding things for $1.00 and $2.00!! I love vintage pieces of lace and crochet doilies which I love adding to my projects to give them more of a softer feel., "Transporter 3" is a step below the wild comic book action of the film immediatetly preceeding it in the series... and even a step below the film that started it all., (10) List out the applications of MATLAB., 1. Oh, but BS essays are easy, you say! Think again. BS essays you don’t care about are easy. BS essays that are the difference between you getting into a school or not and which must be well-written and convincing are another thing entirely., Click on ‘Report item’ on the right hand side of the page, located on the same line as the Description and Postage and Payment., Always neat and well organised, I wept copiously when I returned from our first holiday abroad (I was six) to find that the family to whom we’d lent our little cottage in the Chilterns had raided and ransacked my toy cupboard., When I went back to work after Easter I found that my hours had been changed., I think everyone saw this one coming after my rant regarding the Seahawks 1st round selection. I think the thing that offends me the most is that Bruce Irvin was the first pass rusher taken in the draft. A guy whose sole ability is to rush the passer, he’s incapable in run support and that in itself make him a 2nd-3rd round pick but when he gets arrested pre-draft aswell? Well then he goes into the 5th-6th round ‘worth a chance’ range. So to take him at 14? Quite simply, the worst draft pick ever (most people actually thought Jamarcus Russell and Ryan Leaf would be great), and you can hold me to that even if he turns out to be an average 3rd down pass rusher., The National Beer Wholesalers of America is currently having their employees in Congress craft what is ironically called the CARE (Community Alcohol Regulatory Effectiveness) Act. Wrapped in a cloak of States Rights, this bill is intended to stop Internet sales of alcohol and put more power into the hands of distributors. If you like California or Texas wine and live in Maine, for Example, you can order wine on the Internet for delivery to your home. Under the "CARE" Act, ordering wine or beer from another state will become illegal. It would also prohibit anyone from bring suit against the government, which would violate the Constitution., The Taj Mahal, Agra, India, *Most of my information came from the TMZ website in case you are interested in looking more into this., It seems like a minute ago, That’s why I’m asking Seventeen Magazine to commit to printing one unaltered — real — photo spread per month. I want to see regular girls that look like me in a magazine that’s supposed to be for me., Tentatively, knowing the Wilder would sense it, Rel looked a little way forward in time, trying to judge his adversary's capabilities. Clearsight should warn him of a coming attack, but Clearseers had died to sudden attacks before. This Wilder promised little danger, though, beyond the strength written in its frame. Rel said, "You have no power of arrest here. If you continue to interfere with my job, I will be forced to take you in for censure." Better not to think about the tangle that would create, since then he would have to make himself known to the Four Knot., I can’t help but look back on 2011 and think how it’s flown by. I’m grateful for all the lessons I’ve learned. First and foremost, I’ve had to learn the hard way that, much to my consternation, I can’t do everything. I bit off more than I could chew and the results weren’t exactly to my liking., “They’ve offered to pay my way. Full coverage of relocation. Not just me, actually. Both of us.”, Hafsia Herzi (actor- The Secret of the Grain), If God is God and we are man how does the finite mind grapple with infinite Truths and expect to win? Should we accept defeat in our limited creature knowledge or should we seek and maybe find, knock on a few doors and see if they open?!, A trip to the peaceful Village of Pateley Bridge is always good for my soul. I love going through to my Mum’s house, it’s a stunning little village in the Yorkshire Dales and is a perfect place to visit when in need of an escape from the daily routine that’s become my ‘comfort’ zone. This picture on the far left was taken last summer just down the road from her house. She’s got two amazing dogs, Jess is a black and white cross between a Boxer and a Collie and Meg is a brown Collie. More recently she’s got herself a pet Kune Kune Pig called squiggles., I printed 20 of these pages at my local print shop and then trimmed them all to size. I also cut a piece of cardboard (cereal box, extra packaging, whatever) in the same size for the back. Then stack them all together getting the top as even as possible., (To Philippe.) Monsieur! Arretez-vous! Non, non, c’est bon, au feu la! Juste au feu, au coin, il y a un metro meme! Je veux prendre le metro. (Sir, please stop! No, no, it’s okay, at the next traffic light, at the corner, there is even a metro! I want to take the metro.), KZN SA Transport and Allied Workers' Union (Satawu) general secretary Joseph Dube denied the incident was related to the strike. "It's not the first time that people have thrown stones at motorists on the freeway." He added that Satawu held a'peaceful march in Durban' on Wednesday., Traumatic Circle, 2012, Hayley Jessup, After a while, Joe said, “You know, in your bathroom, there’s a door in the ceiling. I’ll bet a ladder comes down from there and goes right up into your attic.”, Until the company’s true constraints are addressed, shareholder value will continue to diminish., I added an acetate skirt to the mannequin, which I laid over the top of the original coloured version, and used Glossy Accents to stick them together. To finish, I chose one of the lace stamps from the Lace Framents stamp plate, which I stamped onto pink vellum with white embossing powder. I stuck this across the middle 'shelf' of the frame., It’s the love for a childless land that kept a farmer alive., My TedXAustin 2011 experience can be described with several words: reflection, sharing, compassion, and understanding. This experience had energy that was different from the others. Many of the speakers spoke about pain, confusion, heart ache, and triumph. I didn't leave thinking that I was going to change the world, but I certainly did leave feeling a wider range of emotion than on a normal day. The day started with an engaging performance by Mother Falcon. Mother Falcon was like the liberal Austin version of classical music. Performance and style like that kind of make me wish I didn't give up on the piano 10 years ago. I was in awe., ...And I've never been able to get a clear explanation of the difference out of anyone, a source of endless frustration. My friends just seem to 'know', and assume that the difference must be clear to anyone with eyes in their head., 02) Emotional Blackmail, Have you seen That kids are attracted towards colours!!I am sure even we are and what better way than "COLOURS" to entice the lovely little kiddos to eat healthy food. Have you tried using natural healthy vegetables, fruits to make something colourful for your kids and see them grab it???I have !!!, Many years ago when my father and mother were dating they were part of a writer’s group and they compiled a small book of poetry. My mother wrote a couple of poems that really touched me. One was called “The Red Lined Coffin” and was about her experience as a young child standing by the coffin of her mother. The other was called “The Twisted Cross” and it seemed to be a questioning of God about pain and injustice., The best part about the conservatory is that it is built just off the 'dining area' of the kitchen and when we had the kitchen renewed in 2006 (OMG, doesn't seem that long ago!), we removed the doors and plastered it up to make it more cohesive but open space. Not having doors ensures that, while the temperature is colder in the conservatory - there is a huge difference by not shutting it off. The temp is more even between the kitchen and conservatory than it used to be.. We know that if we wanted to sell thought, we would have to re-instate the doors. It is great that the kettle is literally round the corner from my chair. The downside is that if I don't keep the area tidy - it can be seen from the kitchen by visitors - although most of my visitors by and large know all about my crafty habits., The great supports of the internet for our life is very clear because the internet have many kinds information supports as well as communication supports which becomes great need for modern human society. The need of internet for modern society can be more and more including the need of Unlimited SMTP Server which can cover the need of receiving email which is huge enough especially for the organization need with large traffic for sure. On the other side, getting unlimited smtp account for personal use sometimes will not useful., Hayley Matthews is determined to be the best cheerleader she can. She works hard and pushes herself 110% all the time. Then Hayley finds a lump on her leg. The diagnosis is cancer. The prognosis is unclear. She could lose her leg. Or maybe her life., Johannesburg - Fraud accused Thoshan Panday was admitted to hospital after experiencing chest pains in the Durban Magistrate's Court, the Hawks said on Thursday., My first Golden Pints awards. It seems a long way back to the start of the year so these awards may seem a little second-half centric., Nice pleated skirt, Just by looking at these shots, i suddenly felt stronger, happier and less broken., Pipsqueak sat on an upended crate, his feet dangling above the ground. “Her brother got his brains splattered by the coppers trying to lift some groceries.”, 9am-9:45am Beginner Tap (Teen/Adult), As well as Kouhaku, the sun rising over Mount Fuji was broadcast on live on tv, and I ate soba! So that was my fairly authenic seeing-in of the new year. By the way, my Chinese horoscope is Dragon, so 2012 is my year!, Once the sun comes up, some form of acknowledgement of the previous night's encounter is required. A brief exchange of friendly banter and joking around is ideal., Overall, the theme of the movie came through, but the characters and the plot were not what did it. In the end it was Gekko., Nails In Your Hands (Mercy Me), My friend and I went out to a sports bar this past Monday to watch Game 2 of the Capitals Rangers series. While we were there we were, of course, in our Caps gear and cheering loud for our team. By the third period a Rangers fan came in with some friends (Bruins fan and Flyers fan), saw us and sat down at the table next to us. The chirping began almost immediately., We got no troubles, DW: So if their economies are going to go down, they can then say it’s a global economic collapse., Jonah finally locates some tracks of the four killers just as Cindy shows up. Jonah is about to read her the riot act when he suddenly realizes they are in the crosshairs. Jonah knocks Cindy to the ground just in time to avoid getting shot and he hustles her behind some rocks for protection. Jonah runs out to his horse to grab his rifle, but he is unable to get a shot at the killers., The Science bit!, One of the truest tests of leadership is what happens when a leader finds their values at odd with the company they’re keeping. In his early thirties Keith Krach was already successful. He had just left a career at General Motors, where he had been the youngest vice president that they had ever had, to take up the position of COO at a start-up by the name of Qronos Technology. As Keith puts it in the book True North: discover your authentic leadership by William George, Bill George and Peter Sims, it didn’t take him long to realize that there were problems with the company., There are, of course, people who need a second (or third) job; they don’t otherwise earn enough to cover basic needs. But I know a good number of people (of which I am one) who pick up extra jobs with the vague notion that these extra earnings will somehow convert themselves into greater financial freedom or greater savings. In reality, the additional income becomes a siren song; it encourages us to pay less attention to our finances because we have more to play with. Because it doesn’t (seemingly) disrupt our regular budget, we stop registering that what we are really doing is going over-budget each and every month., Or, Thems the ways it goes..., The Hopi tribes and others wore masks while curing and praying over the sick, to alleviate suffering and pain, and to perform exorcisms. Some tribes believed that sickness was caused by malevolent or evil spirits. The Nepcetat mask was worn by the Shaman to predict death. It was literally stuck to the face of the Shaman, if it stayed on during the prayer ritual it meant that the person being prayed for would recover and live. If it fell off during the prayer ritual it meant the person was near death., Moist desquamation, The cause of her death is unclear, but police have launched an investigation. Detectives said paramedics unsuccessfully tried to resuscitate the singer, who was pronounced dead at 3.55pm local time., Danny A. Correa-Gutierrez, 25, Fairview, N.J., What's better than free art?! Besides maybe free ice cream, but I don't have any of that for you, sorry. Today, I'm sharing a new (to me) resource for free botanical art. TOTALLY FREE, courtesy of Botanicus.org., In La Paz, Baja California Sur, Mexico Father Gomez Entropica shows wealthy womanizer Morty Martinez the finger of his ancestor de Salvaterra who lost it in defense of the monastery; the finger and a ring on it were saved, but the jewelry was stolen. The Father, seeing a picture in Forbes magazine of the ring, asks a favor that he believes the former Brooklyn resident can achieve. He wants Morty to visit sexagenarian Robert Tyson Grant in New York City to ask the billionaire to return a holy gold ring he wears to its rightful owner an orphanage in La Paz., Rep. Duncan D. Hunter (R-Calif.) intends to press GOP leaders to move his bill to include the number of individuals who gave up looking for work in the percentage of jobless claims., I guess the Quiet Voice was in place so we wouldn’t spook the GIGANTIC HOUSE CENTIPEDE WITH A BAJILLION LEGS that was furiously trying to crawl out of the stainless steel sink. Honestly, it was huge. All those legs made it look furry. Mr. Magoo could easily mistake it for a small kitten. Suprizingly my first instinct was not to smush it. Normally I would, but only because they usually come charging at me from the shower drain or behind the toilet and totally catch me off guard. It’s like a five year-old who doesn’t understand that Hide-and-Seek isn’t an all day long kind of game., Regarding Merrill DataSite, ** I used Panko instead and it gave the chicken a really nice crunch!, "Based on the writings of Kate Chopin, Margaret Atwood, Doris Lessing, Adrienne Rich, and Ntozake Shange, Diving Deep and Surfacing reveals how the classic works of these five writers can take the place of traditional religious texts in women's search for spiritual renewal." (This shows the cover of the third edition, because I couldn't find an image of the second edition.)What books have "walked into your house" this week?, The bridge you see above is across the Saraswati river. The bridge-of-bheema, renovated over time…, 9 Tbsp. Unsalted Butter well softened, * Fugitive Hamas leader Mousa Abu Marzook, a former mosque leader to whom CAIR funneled at least $40,000., I"m seeing sunflowers. No, I don't have a drug problem. I'm not hallucinating. Cancel the intervention. It's just that In the past week I have seen pictures of sunflowers, actual sunflowers(inside..it's February in Canada), found a package of sunflower seeds, had emails about sunflowers , discovered Michael Jackson loved sunflowers, and it seems, everywhere I look, there they are! It got a little creepy when I started reading a Stephen King book, Bag of Bones, and low and behold, there is an important sunflower reference. I don't know what it means yet, in the book, but it's Stephen King. It means something., Sooo much better right? It turned out to be a great storage closet. My craft supplies fill one shelf, spare storage containers, baskets and empty boxes fill two more. The computer towers are Travis's, he's a tech, and likes tinker with computers when he has the time. I actually moved those into there from our mudroom closet, and move the cleaning supplies into that closet. That made sense too, since that's where I store our vacuum and mop. And that empty shelf... well it was great to not have filled the closet., It was a greyhound!, Late at night I'm just a girl,, Q. Neiform, I'm trying to recall. . . I never saw a sign that said, "New company policy: We are not hiring until Bush is gone.", I can not communicate, It just cracks me up., He is a member of the bar of the Supreme Court of Indiana. He served as City Attorney, for Ellettsville, Indiana. He also served as Judge Pro Tempore for the Superior Court of Monroe County., Fortunately we do have flying visits from both these fledglings. Son swoops in to borrow our wheels to get him to ‘out of the way’ soccer games and daughter likes to organize social gatherings with her Christchurch friends so she also needs to borrow a car when visiting., · Must possess strong communication, presentation and negotiation skills. Strong time management skills for managing multiple, diverse and conflicting activities are required., Björk fans are often derided for their seemingly fervent adulation of the pop star, but testaments such as these from Sara, Grig, and Brent Berry go a long way toward illuminating that which is the magic of Björk., There are many clumsy lines and poorly constructed scenes in Pericles., What about the man who was lowered on a bed into a crowded house? It was obvious he needed to be able to walk again but Jesus saw deeper than that. What he needed was forgiveness of sins, a way out of the mess his life was in: “Son, your sins are forgiven.” So when he took up his bed and walked, the healed man walked with his head held high into a new story full of possibilities., Our brains, like our muscles, need to be "exercised" in order to remain healthy. The more one watches TV, the less exercise our brains get. Just as lack of physical exercise is known to lead to countless health issues as we get older, lack of mental exercise has been linked to an increased likelihood of being diagnosed with ADHD and other attention disorders, as well as dementia and Alzheimers later in life. (Not to mention the physical risks of heart disease, stroke, and cancer that result from too much sedentary time in front of the boob tube.), The Homecoming Parade was way fun. But the events following are what's really left in my memory roladex file., This is another trailing plant called a ‘Tradescantia’. What you can’t see in the photo is that the leaves have an irridescent sheen to them and the underneath of the leaves is a bright, bright shade of purple – once the plant starts to grow and trail, it will look absolutely gorgeous (as long as it survives)!, There was no sound with the Witnessing - just as with Clearsight - but the figures clearly exchanged words. One grabbed the human, pulled him to his feet, then lowered him slowly into the floor as if it was mud. He ended up buried to the waist in solid stone, pawing frantically at it. The Wildren turned to leave, and the bubble popped neatly., If I can be said to strongly identify as anything, it is as a smart person. I have identified as a smart person for the majority of my life, and it is something that I take pride in, however foolishly. I think that some of my experiences in the gifted program in my schooling lead me to believe that being intelligent and being creative were separate, mutually exclusive things., Not when I wear this mask on me., And I am so sorry I missed out on the Auction for my miss Amy! I am planning to stop by and see your goodies though! Oh how I wish I had boatloads of money to help folks out!, CD #1 highlights include: “Ol’ Man River”, “Once In Awhile, “Always” and “Send For Me If You Need Me.”, LITHOPS. And going to sleep with feet touching. I miss smoking., The woman who came in to do my ultrasound...I think she had been in my room for 2 seconds by the time I started firing questions at her. She was kind and said that the perinatologist would be able to answer them. I just wanted to know if she was going to be looking at specific things...haha She said she had been working there for two weeks (she has done ultrasounds for a lot longer, just new to childrens hospital) .. um...way to attack the new girl. She asked why I was so upset and I told her... because there isn't a picture of my daughter with "danger danger crazy lady" signs on the front of my file. She said that the scan she did on me is the easiest one she's done in a long time because the morphology of the patients she usually sees makes it difficult to visualize structures (read everyone she scans is totally obese) I guess me being 20 pounds over my usual weight although I am still in the normal range for my height doesn't put me in the category of fat in anyone else's book except mine., The real problem I have with change relates to my personal life. In my personal life, I suffer from a little known condition called ThingsAreNeverGonnaChangeItis. This condition causes me to assume that my relationships, friends and family are going to stay the same. Little changes here or there, sure. Big, life altering changes? Nope., 7. How will a Mrs. Bissessar led UNC government improve the quality and performance of the Police Department? Do you have any specific measures to deal with this issue?, A man rushes up behind the stunned Eva to help, to call the cops, to do something. “No, no, no … it was my fault,” she assures him. At first this seems like the craziest, most masochistic statement you can imagine., Plead in vain, and proudly answered–, Taken from iconic literary works housed in Faber and Faber’s 80-year archive, the vintage book covers were the muse for the company’s new collection., She's still not convinced. I could have gone to L.L. Bean, I remind her. I could have walked into Eddie Bauer and come out looking like George Costanza. I could have gone for the full-comfort, baggy crotch in powder blue. Part of me still wants to. Her friends would be pulling her over and asking, "What happened?" and she would then understand the problem of dad jeans., all i can think of is how i'd love to sit down and pick your brain. you were a product of the depression, and you prospered because of it, on very little money., I ate at a roadside stall and asked the rajasthani owner for cheap hotels. I figured I should give these a look over once in case I needed to locate them later in the night. The first one I went to was 400 bucks for the room and hot water, the second one that I didn’t go to (because the reception was up a flight of steps in a crowded street and I didn’t want my cycle to disappear) I was told would be 200. Then I headed back to the beach which was still crowded at 8:30. I found a nice spot in the soft dry sand and lay down just above the waterline with my head-band beneath my head. I put the cycle right next to me and held onto the wheel with one hand as I dozed off., Mylune, an overly energetic dryad, scampers in and starts hugging Mortimer frantically. Mortimer appears generally confused but doesn’t put up much of a fight., Or so it seemed., I do not often go to Quezon City, so I told Pia I wanted to eat dinner in a place that can’t be found in Manila or Makati (the places I frequent). The Fleur de Lys Patisserie may be one of the many restaurants along Tomas Morato Avenue but it can not be found anywhere else., You've heard my latest record,, In another study, scientists Giuseppe Pagoni and Milos Cekic, from the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Emory University in Atlanta, compared the volume of gray matter in the brains of people performing Zen meditations with another group who were not meditators., Laure replied, saying she would gladly take me around France, but the VISA process might be too cumbersome. So I might just make do with a cross country trip. Across the US and across India., Instantaneously I heard these words: “Lori, you already know how to fish. You just have to cast your line.”, Remove from oven and place on a wire rack to cool., The dogs are good all-beef versions. You can multiply your options by trying a brat, Polish, andouille or Italian sausage with any combo you desire. Best of all the meat eaters can take a Veggie Eater along. Cori’s offers a veggie dog, vegan polish and vegan Italian. When combined with the veggie options for toppings, it leaves the Veggie Eater with an absurd number of combinations. That’s a nice development on a Friday night after a couple of beers., Bitterness Units: 34, Black Pudding, with a speed that defied his old years had taken off and was flying across the sand, his lean old legs a little blur beneath him!, And no, I'm not gonna explain it (Hint: it was a Lopan line)., Purchase from your market:, Sometimes it is good to let go and wander in the Dream for a while, if only to awaken again so that we may express what we discovered there!, We have much to look forward to in the coming weeks: several of my Calvin roommates are coming into town on Friday for a visit, and Aunt Jenn will be returning home from the DR for Spring Break over Easter. Before we head to Maryland to spend some time with her and the rest of the Olthoff clan, we will be entertaining a visit from Grandpa and Grandma Reynolds, who will be passing through on their way to visit family in Massachusetts. Josh continues to enjoy working with his research group and is looking forward to several class-free months that will allow him some additional time in the lab. He is preparing to take the next step of his Boards next month in Chicago and is still working about two shifts a week at Mercy Hospital., These past few days my heart has longed for my wife, my son, my friends, music, God. I haven't felt this in a while. My mind was pale, it forgot how lucky it was to have a beautiful wife, an amazing son, a group of friends, a God who loves me. Then I spent a few days in the sun, I feel as if my mind turned pink. I'm remembering the joy my family brings, the love of those around me, how inspiring music can be, and that God loves me. Call it seasonal depression, laziness, sin, or whatever you would like. I feel joy that the sun is shining on me again., At the time of writing the above, the name ‘Owain Leeson’ was mentioned just twelve times by the Google seach engine. All of those websites mentioning his death would, undoubtedly, be described by the PC politicians, the black and Asian activists and the media darlings as ‘white supremacist,’ ‘racist,’ ‘neo-Nazi,’ ‘fascist,’ etc. On the other hand, if you had type the name ‘Stephen Lawrence’ into the same search engine on the same day, you would find his name mentioned a staggering 134,000 times!Most of those mentioning him would be the very same people describing the websites daring to mention Owain Leeson as ‘racist.Khalid Shafiq is pictured below:, It’s been a long week – as evidenced by the lack of posts. Sorry about that., You see, it appears that philosophy generally (very generally) tends to lead to as many questions as answers. Seems like philosophers try to answer the often answerable and only very rarely produce anything of real, lasting value. Interesting theories no doubt but the professional thinker usually tend to end up falling back into the soup., "The Knotted Cord", In a medium saucepan, spray oil and sauté garlic. Add chipotle chiles, chili powder, cumin, chicken broth, tomato sauce, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 5-10 minutes. Set aside until ready to use., April was a slow month both in sales and blog visits, but I’m still quite happy and excited and thinking of ways to entice fans at Chicon7, LOL! I have to decide if I want to bring cards, postcards or CDrom with my e-books on it… will have to check Zazzle prices and other options… This following Michael Stackpole’s advice on selling direct – but don’t worry, you won’t see me pestering all the fans at the con. I’m still a very shy person who hates to be at the center of the attention. But if in a conversation somebody asks “What do you write?” I can have something handy to show, know what I mean? I will NOT obsess about it (as suggested by SPAL)!, They had the power to change things but did not. They are beyond shame which is no surprise for they do not understand the concept., The owners of oil tankers being used to supply fuel to Nato in Afghanistan say some of the attacks on their convoys are suspicious., I often wish I wasn’t utterly hopeless at advanced Physics and Chemistry, because I have quite a knack for diagnosing myself and others around me. Having read a multi-volume medical health encyclopedia for fun at the age of 10, I’ve always been fascinated by the human body’s many potential failings. I’ve self-diagnosed a few key ailments, correctly diagnosed a few close friends as well. I’m usually everyone’s go-to girl for medical questions now, and I’m always happy to offer my knowledge and intuition up., These sisters act as one “face” of the Catholic Church (and Jesus Christ) to the American public. They have a sacred duty to uphold the teachings of the Catholic Church, yet many of them have been failing miserably in that regard, for many, many years., *Many larger churches offer Upward sports for the child who wants to play ball (basketball, soccer, baseball, flag football), but without all the competition (the focus is on good sportsmanship, developing new skills, and evangelism). There is a fee for Upward sports, but it is reasonable (and the time committment is less than with most city leagues)., But balancing two worlds is harsh,, If writing about your dreams is the worst thing you can do to your readers, writing about your mates would have to be a close second., other ingredients could be added either before or after processing depending on the ingredient and personal preference too to personalise the 'icecream' such as finely ground oatmeal, chia seeds, flaxseed oil (linseed oil), honey, maple syrup, cocoa, coffee granules or frozen espresso, other nuts apart from almonds and dried fruit such as cranberries, sultanas and figs..in fact most favourite smoothie ingredients could be adapted to suit breakfast 'icecream'.., Today I am not a man but a boy, searching sluggishly throughout the interwebz, meandering along in a space consumed by an endless supply of procrastination-inducing crapola. This day in my life will never go down in the history books. It will never be that moment that everything changed. I won’t accomplish anything great. I won’t have any original ideas or thoughts. No. Today two roads diverge in a yellow wood and I take neither one. I just sit in the middle of those woods and I stare up at the sky and giggle at all the penis shaped clouds. My body is mashed potatoes. My mind is a Jolly Rancher. Today, the white wall behind me, with its structural soundness, its job as barrier to the outside world, its ability to be mounted by pictures and clocks and thing-a-ma-whatz-its, is more vital to the world at large than a man who has chosen to spend most of his day watching nerd videos and podcasts and online shows., The best way of promoting my books is through author talks in schools. Unfortunately, I am only allowed out of the asylum on a Wednesday afternoon which limits the events I can complete. I also do signings on Saturdays at bookstores. This can be quite lucrative as I can sell around 70 books in four hours. For an unknown, that’s not bad. And, if I am in a town where a store has my book stocked, I will also hang around and wait for an unsuspecting victim, usually selling to them after a quick chat. Many people are delighted to see a real life author – even if she is self-published. All my books are on websites such as, Amazon, Waterstones, W H Smith etc. Did I mention that my first book is available as a Kindle e-book …, I really like simple cookie recipes - if a recipe is more involved it has to be worth it and these weren't. I'd rather spend the time making a real Tiramisu., We entered the Alzheimer’s ward–Alzheimer was out, so he spoke to the nurse on duty., yes yes, everyone is saying it, but portland is really starting to feel like fall., Sookie went to the Moon Goddess Emporium and asked a very reluctant Marnie for a reading. Marnie told Sookie that she heard the voice of an older person who was very close to her – aka her Gran. She said the spirit is warning her not to give her new love her heart because the situation won’t last (heartbreaking! Why can’t it last?!) Knowing that Sookie would be listening to Marnie’s thoughts, Gran started talking directly to her and told her this woman is a danger and to run, which she did., Amazon, us for many years., Before I evaluate the merits of the different options, I do want to discuss a point that has come up in some of my previous discussions regarding the Federal Reserve and central banking. Namely, that the Federal Reserve has an enormous power in its role as a “lender of last resort” that we have for some inexplicable reason decided can only be used to assist the financial sector and not the public sector, or even the public at large. The relevance here is that, while with a revenue stream of about $50 billion a year you can create an effective Job Insurance system, if the Job Insurance system is allowed to use its revenues as collateral for a loan from the Federal Reserve, the potential for public action on a grand scale becomes immense., Mmmmm, walnut oil in a pretty tin., funny story, part two..., What issuing these coins does do is remove the legal need for the debt ceiling to be raised, and also reduce the amount of outstanding Treasury securities, which is what is called govt debt. So while both reserves and Treasury securities are, functionally, govt liabilities and differ in name (and sometimes duration) only, the headline rhetoric does make that distinction. So technically, this process eliminates the ‘national debt’ and removes any (misguided) notion of solvency risk. The idea just started to get serious traction the last few days as the debt stalemate has grown more intense and partisan. Yale constitutional law professor Jack Balkin floated it as an option in a CNN op-ed yesterday (July 28th)., By 1969 the pair were performing as a duo, with Seals on guitar, saxophone and violin, and Crofts on guitar and mandolin. A couple of unsuccessful albums followed before they signed with Warner Bros. Records. Their second album for Warners - Summer Breeze - sold over one million copies and reached number 7 on the Billboard chart. The title track is best known, certainly in the UK, for being covered by the Isley Brothers., “Music doesn’t make him more peaceful?”, The neck in the 'Surgeon's Photo' is also just about the same size as Grant had reported. I add another comparison with the Rhines AAS underwater head and neck photo, of similar proportions but estimated as twice the size, and then another comparison with the Rhines head and neck to another reconstruction of Cryptoclidus., So there it is. A baby step. Whether you 'add-in' a whole grain (oatmeal) or eat a breakfast of fresh healthy seeds, or whether you grab onto the idea to make this simple breakfast all week for the life-on-the-go. Some more simple and healthy breakfast recipes: Hemp Berry Smoothie, Quinoa-Millet- Kasha Porridge, Raw Breakfast Muesli., Blouse., In Aug 2010, I completely failed at the program, giving up right before the 20-minute run of Week 5. In Jan/Feb 2011, I completed the program, working until I could easily run 45 mins straight. Still, my pace was so slow that I could walk faster than I ran, and I was no where near an actual 5K. Plus, when I tried to run outside, I couldn't go for longer than 5 minutes at a time. I decided I needed to transition to outdoor training, and did so in April/May of 2011, but no matter how hard I worked, I could never run longer than a mile. Slowly, I realized that the reason I could go so much longer in my living room than outdoors was because I ran a lot faster outside. My pace was closer to 12 minutes/mile outdoors, and closer to 17-18 minutes/mile indoors. I had a hard time slowing down when I ran outside, but I couldn't maintain the faster time for longer than a mile or so., For that crushing piece of information she now wants five dollars., Winter Is Coming: It’s kind of hard to actually review this series because the one thing that I can guarantee about it is that so much seems to happen and largely at times, all at once. For some people, a series with this much going on might be a worrying thing but you have to admire the confidence in which this series goes about it’s multitude of storylines., I double stamped and embossed her tutu and added rhinestones for some bling :), OK, focus now, because I’m only going to write this once., dijon or stoneground mustard, Unlocked gate. How much do you want to bet that unwanted visitors only think there is a gate there in case a horse gets loose and open the gate in and walk in anyway??, Real estate inventory in Beverly Woods East is DOWN and well below balanced conditions (balanced would be around a 6 month supply) at a 2 month supply of homes for sale as of May 2012., Although Dan Clowes writes and draws all his own stories, the real art of this piece is how the hell this middle-aged man managed to nail the thoughts and characterisations of these two teenagers so well! The dialogue is spot-on, and the relationship between the girls and their ‘friends’ is agonisingly real. Everyone goes through that awkward 'no longer a kid, not yet an adult' phase, and I guess that's why this book is so easy to relate to. It's one of those stories where, on the face of it, little happens, yet dig a little deeper and it's pretty much the whole of life, wrapped up in eighty odd pages., Bog Frog Hop Kyle Mewburn & Rebecca Cool (Little Hare), Now let me be the first to point out that beer festivals, particularly the Great British Beer Festival, the Good Beer Guide, campaigns like Mild Month and so on, do a great deal to promote cask ale in a really positive way. A lot of what the professional arm of the Campaign for Real Ale does is excellent. And there are one or two of the issues above that I actually agree with!, Have you ever wanted to create a window treatment without the hassle of drilling a big ol' drapery rod into the wall...and with a little more style than a cheap-o tension rod from Rite-Aid?, Being a Heathen, knowing well the power of ancestors and spirits, I see no reason why this would be different now. Is murder any more pleasant than it used to be? Nope. In fact, it’s just as horrible, going by the stories I see and read. No, what is different is how we view the dead, how we treat the dead, and how once you’re dead, everyone assumes you’re either off in a better place, or you don’t exist, and thus cannot effect people here in any way other than the emotional attachments they have left. In a murder trial, more is done to assure the rights of the murderer than in the rights of the Murdered. And after the trial, if there is a conviction, there’s decades of appeals. The reason the Death Penalty costs so much is because it takes soooo long to get through it to the final execution. I don’t want to see innocent people killed, but seriously., Grand Marnier, “It’s nice in here,”, Elvis has left the toilet., i know i'm so so behind. mom sent her camera- arrived friday! YAY! i'll have a wip monday since i'm slacking. i hope you haven't given up on me, chickadees!, flash. Sometimes having someone who has a distinctive sound doesn't, II. At this moment is when fear is overcome by passion. Nehemiah knows what he wants, knows exactly what he wants, and the King is about to ask him what he wants!! So Nehemiah spells it out to the king. Similarly, my passion to know who I looked like and from where I had come was pushing aside my fear., As in any totalitarian society it then becomes the role of the state controlled popular media to promote the approved doctrine in the propaganda beamed into the homes of the population by means of misreported news or fictional drama bearing no resemblance to reality, with the effect that, over time, the lie becomes a universally accepted truth., Our children need to have their own relationship with their father. If we step in when it's nothing to do with us, we can create tension that is harder for the child to cope with than the actual way their father was parenting them in the first place! Dayna told a story of a time when Joe, her husband, was getting really angry at Tiff and "not handling it very well". Dayna intervened, saying something along the lines of how he shouldn't talk to her like that and TIFFANY, the daughter, cries out, "Mum, stop!" She was more upset by her mother's effort to bring peace than she was by the angry way her father was dealing with her., One plum tomato, sliced and sprinkled with Maldon Salt and black pepper, He suffered a five-centimeter gash on his head, a 61-centimeter cut on his arm and bruising on his arms and legs from batons. He now suffered from post- traumatic stress., We found out, by the way, that the film was called “Closed”, but that’s the only information we gleaned about it… IMDb told us nothing, and we didn’t see anyone famous…, Let the show begin! When the sun sets behind the horizon, the desert city of Las Vegas turns into a sparkling sea of glittering lights. Standing ovations for spectacular shows, seductive showgirls, exciting pin-up costumes – open the red curtain for the new Limited Edition “Welcome to Las Vegas” by CATRICE. A hint of burlesque, pure glamour and great divas – with this breathtaking make-up, every woman is sure to be the highlight of the night. In November 2011, expressive eye make-up in dramatic dark shades and an elegant shimmer on your lips, nails and face open the door to a world full of indulgence, elegance and brilliance – this city is sure to transform us all. Welcome to Las Vegas!, "Even if you are wide awake and hopped up on caffeine, Joy will have you sawing logs in no time," said CNN producer Stan Gravley. "Her shrill voice, the nonsense she spews out and even her appearance invoke instant boredom.", This is a very important change because in essence Target is saying that you can not use a second manufacturer coupon when you are using a BOGO manufacturer coupon. You can use a second Target coupon though. So this means that scenarios like the one below will not be allowed (the coupons mentioned are just for illustration purposes, they are not actual coupons), Did I ever tell you about the time I was disqualified from a show jumping event because my horse bolted for the side fence and jumped it (mortifying!)? My Mum and Dad were there to wipe the tears and encourage me to continue with my dreams and tell me to just have some fun…, Long straight hair at the skilled hands of hairdressers, Thursday 3rd November 6 – 8.30pm The J. 60 Noosa Drive, Noosa Heads, Oceanic Whirlpools; Hurricanes; Tornados; bathtub whirlpools; eddies in rivers; Jupiter’s Red Spot; Two star systems where one star’s gravity is pulling in the other star; whirlpool galaxies that experience gravitational pull of a gravity object., I didn’t reschedule. Not planning to go back., The timing of our trip to the states was due in large part to the wedding of my very good college friend. It definitely gave me lots of ideas for my own, though not all of them are really possible in France. Well, anything is possible, maybe "widely practiced and accepted" is a better term., The word I translated as “presume” is the verb <U+03B4><U+03BF><U+03BA><U+03B5><U+1FD6><U+03C4><U+03B5> (dokeite), which is the present tense, indicative mood, active voice case of <U+03B4><U+03BF><U+03BA><U+03AD><U+03C9> (dokeo), “to think, imagine, consider, appear. Expresses the subjective mental estimate or opinion which men form about a matter.” This verb case is talking about action taking place concurrently. So, I looked at the context of what Jesus was saying. He was contrasting where real salvation is found, which is in him alone, from where these men were looking for it. Wherever they were looking it was wrong because they were rejecting our Lord. They did study the scripture, but it was without Christ. Later, a few verses later, he tells them plainly that if they really believed Moses then they would not reject him, but they rejected him so they really didn’t believe Moses. They may have put on a show of studying the Scriptures, but it was with wrong motives and it was not God-centered, but man-centered. Therefore, I translated <U+03B4><U+03BF><U+03BA><U+03B5><U+1FD6><U+03C4><U+03B5> as “presume.”, Trader Horn was the first big budget Hollywood film shot on location. The production was a disaster. They came back from Africa with scene after scene of inaudible dialogue, a star infected with malaria, and the suitcases of crew members devoured by crocodiles and trampled by rhinos. They also had miles of jungle footage, way more than could ever go into a single movie. Trader Horn came and went, but to capitalize on all that location shooting they’d already paid for, MGM rolled out Tarzan the Ape Man the following year. It was a cheap hit that spawned five low-budget sequels., Nick: “What do they got?”, 11. Get said handmade line into a retail shop: Does Honeybean count? :P, 'This accomplished piece about the hunt for invisible wealth beyond reach of all but hope and timing is distinguished at once by the skill with which – on so many levels – the author renders invisibility in the telling itself. Pared down to the hunger of desperate characters, the revelation is that of a robber preying on the seekers of wealth: a timeless journey of search and disappointment. The author allows the story itself to dictate what doesn’t need telling, details that some writers might well be tempted to render for the sake of a perceived need for verisimilitude. The great achievement here lies indeed in how those details are left hidden, as meaningless as they would be to the eyes and ears of bone-weary prospectors. In fact the pace of the story barely keeps one foot in front of the other; yet the reader is content not to want to hurry things along. The alchemy this writer brings to the page transmutes all that is concealed into a brutal gleam in the mind.', He eyed me with suspicion when I first began working at the facility. It took him awhile to warm up to me, after all, I was the evil nurse who made him take his pills hidden in chocolate pudding., After nine dropped cell phone calls for help, couple dies – An elderly couple desperately tries to use their cell phone to call for help after their car becomes stuck in a ditch just 20 yards from their home. The calls aren’t connected. The lack of help leads to their deaths., The world is still a beautiful place, even though bad things tend to happen all the time., Driver- “Hey Skeeter.”, We all had it wrong., In the same range there is also a brown one, a tripel one and a winter one. Let's see when we get to those., Hours: Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 4 p.m.; Saturday, 10 a.m. – 4 p.m., I had never even heard of Obscura Day before a mention popped up in my Twitter feed a week or so ago, but I was immediately intrigued. So many people associate being a traveler with getting out their wallets, brushing off their passports, and heading to some exotic, distant land; however, many of the pleasures of traveling can be found by just staying where you are and checking out something that you would normally skip. Obscura Day would be my chance to do just that., You must be 18 years or older., These babies are 48% off!, and keeps all of your child's important information in, to be further complicated, confused, empty but refilling, exposed to light", Today I started my morning by dropping Ned to day care and then I took the most beautiful walk around the Harbour. I really walked hard and up and down some of the massive hills and old stone staircases we have around here. It was a really good 50 minute workout., Yet in all honesty I feel this album is a stepping stone for the Scotts. While it still holds the ideas and music Mosher stands for, it does not rival it´s successor in every department. Partly because the drums are programmed, and sound like it. Partly because in some tracks the guitars and keyboards are fighting each other, instead of adding value. This is a equalizing thing I think., While the story and backdrop were the most interesting parts of the film, the characters are interesting as well, especially August and his treatment of his staff and animals. It’s a very beautifully photographed film done by cinematographer Rodrigo Prieto, who has done films, such as Brokeback Mountain, Babel, and Amores Perros. The director, Francis Lawrence, is still a relative newcomer to feature films, as he is well-known for directing many music videos for major artists, but has done some films, such as I Am Legend and Constantine., "Sure. When you're 60 that'll be reasonable.", Many people who voted Tory in the 1980s were anti-Establishment and “saw part of the left as well as the right running that Establishment”. With a swipe at Oxbridge, the law, outdated parliamentary practice and a divided education system – of all of which he is a product – he complained that many Thatcherites had not wanted to bust, but to “buy out” the old regime., Resistance to the end of the “Jim Crow laws” in the South (1954) was expressed in six murders, twenty-nine firearm casualties, forty-four beatings, and sixty bombings in a single year., As the moments passed we both seemed to begin to relax. Questions that both of us had carried for years were asked- and answered. One thing that is important to me that you know is- quite often people somehow believe that a child placed for adoption is 'unwanted'. While I know that every story is different I also believe that often that is the farthest thing from the truth. Aleigha was placed for adoption for one reason and one reason only- poverty., I have also gone back to chiropractic adjustments which I firmly believe are important to prevention of illness. Unfortunately I have let it go over the past year, but have just started back again. Still going through the difficulties of flare up due to the adjustments, but this too shall pass., Despite the efforts to smooth relations, historians are unanimous that history is not subject to goodwill agreements., The Harlem Ambassadors offer a unique brand of Harlem-style basketball, featuring high-flying slam dunks, dazzling ball-handling tricks and hilarious comedy routines., I bring this up because I have seen HVAC contractors do some really great and some not so great things to make the homeowners feel more comfortable letting someone into their home. I thought I would share some of these observations/ideas., And all sounded eerily like…well, something Marilyn might say. (For those of you new to the blog, Marilyn is the silly little pseudonym a friend of mine created for my ex’s once-high-school-girlfriend, now new wife. More context can be found here.), Feldon, I’m pretty sure the girl was freaked out as much as Equestrian. She was tripping over herself to run out of the room. It doesn’t quite end there., Get over yourself, I’m talking to that fur covered, adorable brute you are attached to., Even though I have a lot on my plate write now (puns!) I’m going to try and post updates here about once a week but who knows how that will work out., The real temple area – the Sanctuary – was for ritually pure priests and Levites. Nice music, prayer and sweet smelling incense for them only., I love the autobahn, but I drive a small, flimsy little shoebox of a car that was designed for short trips to the grocery store and nothing else. A simple trip down to the next exit on the autobahn in my tiny car is thereby transformed into a white-knuckled game of automotive Russian Roulette., Freedom, truth, human reason, democracy, free market capitalism, the rule of law, national sovereignty, and the world’s diverse civilizations are all under attack. But the real target is mankind. Mankind is under attack., As a special ocassion why not a birthday cake, wedding cake, anniversary cake, Share your talents with us, we would love to see them :), Whisk together the remaining milk (1/4 cup), egg, and vanilla. Pour into the flour mixture and beat until all ingredients are just incorporated. Beat for about another 30 seconds to one minute until the batter is smooth. Do not over mix., In fact, once you’ve installed a quality monitoring system you can make sure future hidden factories never occur. After all, you’re only getting paid to manage one department., "Well, I don't feel like crying. I feel horrified.", Constable Hatanaka is our school’s Community D.A.R.E. Officer and has completed work with our Grade 6's on Drug Abuse Resistance Education. She has also come in to speak with our Grade7's and 8's regarding internet safety and the legal implications of cyber bullying., I am one of those people that doesn’t answer my phone most of the time. It’s not that I am too busy to answer, and it’s not that I am too cool to answer. Heaven knows that I would love a random, sweet call out of the blue from an old (or new) friend. I’ve said in past posts that I am a lonely girl and that I would love friends. I have lamented over friends I had and friends I didn’t. I’ve often wondered in blog, aloud, and on my own why I am without friends. (I am still looking for the answer.) At any rate, yesterday I got a call from a number I didn’t recognize. I immediately let it ring to voice mail. (I like to be prepared for the conversation I am going to having should I respond to the call.) The message I got sort of blew my mind., For real-estate professionals SIMA is a chance to meet with other leading professionals and organisations in the real estate market both in the national and international sectors. It offers companies and professionals from emerging markets across the world the ideal place to make contact with investors from Spain and other countries., So, thanks to all of you for being good sports and amusing me and better luck next time., Artists including Cate Blanchett, Damien Hirst, Wynton Marsalis, Yoko Ono and Ai Wei Wei are set to take part., and headed to Adelaide for, He joins speakers including Professor Ian Gilmore, president of the Royal College of Physicians, Sara Thornton, the Chief Constable of Thames Valley; and Don Shenker, Chief Executive of Alcohol Concern., As it is St George’s day, we are going to acquaint ourselves with one (or two!) of the town’s 19 watering holes this evening… There is exploration to be done!, Pool Construction - Adams Pool, Mile 22 - 12:29, It's OBF time again and here I am late to post again! I'm also actually running late heading down to the OBF... No parade for me this year. Grrr..., Lambeth is the third most generous borough in London for issuing the free travel concession, after Westminster and Harrow., Don't do that Doreen, the helicopter is not built for it. Doreen..., Doreen? Doreen, put that young man down, we may need him., his comb is of red sorrel, All in all, Ghajini wasn't terrible, but it wasn't all that great for me either. Better than a lot of Bollywood action, but it's all glitz and not enough substance. Stick with the vastly superior Memento., All those prayers are most certainly helping!, “Do you want me to leave the TV on, baby?” She gestures toward the box. So it’s called a TV., I’ve been slightly annoyed at myself the past two weeks, because I haven’t been able (or inclined, honestly) to work out in the way that I had been pre-Japan and pre-back pain. In my own defense, getting back onto a schedule and sleep pattern has been really rough, and I think I really needed these two weeks in order to be back to feeling ‘normal’., Wash and pat dry the fish in some kitchen roll then cut them into fingers. Dust each one in flour then dip in the egg. Now coat the fish finger in the bread crumbs., for "best dressed" tree., Xypherous: Phreak. I foresaw your coming., Stir together all ingredients in a large microwave safe bowl. Microwave on full power 5 minutes. Stir & serve warm!, I am nearing that magical age of forty. Not quite there yet, but it is at the end of the month. Fabled as the middle ages (this assuming that I am living until 80, but with the family genes of women in my family living until the 90s, doesn't quite work for me), I am excited about this decade., RECIPES FOR SOAP, For an hour., E@L knows what you are all thinking, that this is going to be a blog post about the difficulties of disposing of the bucket of crunchy pulp that was all that remained of Terry after E@L responded to his comments, but rest assured. E@L is used to this stuff. It's water of a fat duck's back now.**, “It’s amazing, isn’t it?” Elise said quietly to her daughter. Creme could only nod., God has guaranteed the Qur’an’s protection from any corruption or distortion., For those that are new to our challenge... Welcome and here are a few things to keep in mind:, Among the breeds Victoria owned were Greyhounds; at least one Scottish Deerhound; a number of Skye Terriers and other terrier breeds, included Jack Russells and Fox Terriers; Pomeranians; and Dachshunds. I didn’t see any indication she owned another King Charles Spaniel after Dash died in 1840., The rules for queries are actually pretty much the same whether you’re querying an agent, a reviewer, a blogger or a potential boss: find out who the person is before you take up their time— then take up as little of it as possible., In baby news...no no no get that out of your heads, we had another addition to our family! Our nephew Patrick "Whit"lock Hamilton, Jr. was born in March and Georgia is loving having a cousin and we are loving watching our family expand...(on someone else's dime!) It's such a joy to watch them interact and so that has subsided our baby fever for a while at least (I think I just heard the grandmother's gasp) but seriously it's been great having more babies join the clan...., On many websites, space on every page has been devoted to advertising. You might have noticed it, if you've got eyes in your head. This takes the form of spaces that are just too small to contain anything of value, impact or interest. Often, each space on the page is taken by a different advertiser, and will flash, burp, spin and thrash independently of all the rest, so that the page ends up looking like someone with epilepsy was given a pen and asked, 'Could you draw your very, very worst nightmare?', The Alchemist is about a young boy named Santiago who sets out to live his dream instead of settling down into mundane everyday life like so many of us do. The book is written simply in the style of a fable, it is full of fantasy, symbolism and adventure similar to what we find in fairy tales but the message is beautiful..." Read the rest of the article., Whenever anyone sees the proofs of What’s for Lunch?, my upcoming book on how schoolchildren eat around the world (not a huge focus group, I admit, since the book hasn’t been published yet, but significant enough), they always say they wish they lived in France., "This is the weirdest case I've ever seen," said police Chief Ben McBride., The brief from Food & Drink editor, Myffy Rigby, seemed simple enough: come up with 25 eats under $15 that covered a broad spectrum of cuisines and suburbs across all of Sydney. The catch? These had to be spots not already reviewed by Time Out Sydney. Not so easy!, It seems I am writing these Friday posts more and more frequently - time is flying and I cannot believe we are nearly into full-blown Spring. I'm going to need to take a mental picture ... click., I am going to sit back and let the photos tell the story. Congratulations, Jeff and Mindy! God has blessed you with love, laughter and health, two beautiful children and 25 wonderful years. Here's to the next 25!, Each day, I just keep praying for this woman, and the family endorsing her cyberbullying. I pray that someday they will open themselves to the concepts of love, kindness, forgiveness, honesty, integrity, and compassion. That’s a tall order to fill, but with God, anything is possible! In the meantime, I will continue to live my own life fully using those concepts., Muharram this year had been toned due due to government restrictions and so this year, the groups of walkers were a lot less. Nevertheless, we did see about 3-4 big groups of people walking and reciting poems and lamentations. I was surprised at how many elderly, children, full-term-pregnant women and disabled people were doing the walk. There were also hundreds walking barefoot too. I was told that in previous years, people stand by the roadside and hand out water and refreshments too, but we only saw a truck handing out bananas this year!, Happy finger printing!, It has been many ages since this grid has been at full operating capacity and so there is a joyful tone that emanates from the grid in anticipation of the full restoration of its power., And the view from my window this week, Obama wants a Buffett Rule? OK, fine — let’s call him on his bluff. Download this “Buffett Rule”-adapted 1040 form, and integrate it into the rest of your IRS forms. As I noted in my original post, this new 1040 form makes everybody happy, because not only can you (like Warren Buffett) pay whatever tax rate you prefer, but you can allocate those taxes to whichever part of government expenses you want..., Bible – Our lessons were on “We Must Know the Way” and “We Must Believe that Jesus Is Our Saviour.” We read John 14:1-6 and Acts 16:25-34., We stopped at IHOP for a pancake dinner which my boys love so it was a win win situation., Stay watchful,, If you’re reading this blog chances are you are looking to improve your game and learn about the attraction and seduction process. The material in this blog is meant to teach men about social dynamics that influence female decision making behavior and improve success with women. I try to to answer the question “How Do You Get A Girl?”. The topic that I will discuss today has to do with the importance of active listening to improve communication., There's also going to be a GINORMOUS SALE on TpT in honor of Teacher Appreciation week from May 6th through May 8th, where you'll be able to get some of our products for up to 28% off! So... fill up your wish list now! I AM!! :), 4) Evernote: Evernote, like Dropbox, is on my work and home computers, as well as both iPhone and iPad! I use it to take class notes for my grad school classes, as well as for collecting project and research notes. I also use it to collect yummy-looking recipes from library books, websites, and other places. Like Dropbox, I can access my Evernote online if I’m at another computer. (In fact, I’ve been keeping notes from this semester’s Reference Desk shadowing shift on Evernote online, and those notes show up on my computers and Apple devices too.), It’s so GOOD to be queen on NSD!, Metallics... a flash of gold, a sliver of silver a touch of bronze... I feel like shining..., night, He scares Michelle half to death, then asks her(with a terrible stutter, just like his character in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest) if she ran out of gas. No Numbnuts, she's there because she wants a booty call. While filling her tank, he glances into the backseat of her car, and looks pretty damned upset. He runs back into the gas station, disappears for a moment, then rushes back out again. He tells Michelle that the credit card company is on the phone, and that they want to talk to her., In this kung fu caper, a prostitute turned assassin codenamed Phoenix (Veronica Ngo) must pull one final job to secure her freedom from powerful crimelord Black Dragon. Her mission is to steal a highly valuable laptop containing defense codes that control VINSTAT-1, Vietnam's satellite system. To ensure cooperation, Black Dragon incentivises Phoenix further by leveraging her daughter's life against the success of this heist., Oaken Barrel Superfly (IPA), 03 Seasick, UPDATE: 15th March, 2011. The CBI has responded to a request for further information on the baseline scenario and whether or not it is a forecast and has provided a 2-page briefing which includes “the Central Bank is applying a scenario that both commercial and residential property prices continue to decline in the base and the stress case. It is important to note, that these are not forecasts of outcomes but represent two possible paths from a large range of future outcomes regarding property prices. In this regard, there is a significant degree of uncertainty surrounding the range of possible future outcomes for the domestic property market. These are related to borrower and bank behaviour, measurement problems determining the of extent of property price declines due to the lack of a significant amount of transactions, and the continued unavailability of national residential and commercial property price indices, and future demand for residential and commercial property.” I must say that I find this unconvincing because of my understanding that the adverse scenario is supposed to be the worst realistic outcome and the baseline the most likely outcome. The baseline and adverse scenarios are not some random scenarios chosen by rolling a dice, they are deliberately selected (and other scenarios are deliberately excluded) because of what they represent and if the baseline does not represent the CBI’s forecast of the most realistic outcome for the future, what does it represent and why is included in the stress tests. In an entry later today, the CBI’s approach will be contrasted with the UK Financial Services Authority approach to the stress testing of UK banks which was published yesterday., Before Mom and I even had a chance to take a bite, Dad had eaten half of his sandwich! I guess he liked it. His sandwich was the roasted turkey with smoked bacon, provolone cheese, and house made thousand island dressing., 1.Preheat the oven to 400. Prep your vegetables, including steaming the spinach. Be sure you press/drain the liquid out of the spinach., Sayeeda Warsi has warned the Muslim community to stand guard against the divisive designs of far right British National Party and the English Defence League and thwart their aims. Speaking at a dinner hosted by Lord Altaf Sheikh, Chairman, Conservative Muslim Forum, to celebrate Eid-ul-Azha at Westminster House here last night, she said that the Muslim community not only in the United Kingdom but across Europe face the rising level of anti-Islamic sentiments., A Griffith innovation which didn’t catch on: note that this print is not subtitled “Love’s Struggle Through the Ages” but “A Sun-Play of the Ages.” Did DW have it in mind of this to become the standard term, replacing “movie”? What a feather in the cap that would have been, to not only (falsely) claim to have invented everything in the cinematic lexicon, but to name the medium itself. I say we bring the term back., but the raspberries, on the other hand, seem to require gentle coercion., Director: Thorgeir Gudmundsson Screenplay: Óttarr Ólafur Proppé, Certification, The thought of it makes me yearn for the days when the government passed out comodities, one of which included a delectable brand of peanut butter, which was in my opinion of the highest quality of any I have yet encountered. I have not seen this around, unfortunately, for several years now. It came in a large can and, when opened, the peanut oil was at the top, and had to be stirred in. But it was great, and would certainly be perfect for this purpose. Failing that, however, I suppose Peter Pan or Jif would do fine. Stay away from the off-brands, however, most of which are too dry, and otherwise of inferior quality., good sidewalks, Here are some links to more helpful volcanism and earthquake treats in California and the rest of the western parts of our amazing Nation’s landscape:, So yesterday I got into the car to go get something from somewhere, and I heard the tail-end of an interview with some philosopher-guy. All they said in the twenty seconds I heard was that God and football are the main topics at Notre Dame, although there are a few others ha ha, and then they said his name is Alvin Plantinga, and he has a new book., Design - Premonition, Here are kitchen cabinet pull handles by Martha Stewart from Home Depot in Canada and Home Depot in the U.S.A. The name varies a bit but I can't tell the difference between the two. You can click on the name and price below to see the product on it's web page., Price: $4, If you are going to be doing all of the work for me, I really think you deserve some of the money, don’t you? I’m really excited about this (very unfortunate) situation. I have been working my butt off for years and finally I’m going to get some of the money I deserved. Do you think you can give me your contact information? I feel more comfortable doing this on the telephone or on a web chat. Do you have Skype?, -end by thanking for spend time., Broadsheet A newspaper that unfolds, like The New York Times, In his book, Earth in the Balance, Gore suggests that we return to the worship of nature and upholds various nature worshipping sects and Native American religions as a model:, My 16-year-old daughter has been very busy studying for her AP exams, so her "fun" reading is on hold. She's eager to read Return to Exile, though, especially because she and I got to meet the author back in March at Writing for Charity., In a swap with My lovely friend Louise. She has had me doubled up laughing with her e-mails. Her son wondered how I made them so there you go little J. Has the choccie all gone yet? Watch out though British chocolate will give you super powers!!!!!!, It’s been one week since I follow and spy on him. I want to know why he wants to die so hard. I don’t know what happen to me, who’s usually cold and don’t care to any kind of creature, but something in him make me interested and I want to know more about him., Riva stepped back, as if sizing up the two of us — tall me, super short Marlene. Two over the hill ladies with over sized purses, plenty of grey hair between us, and sensible shoes. Okay, so my shoes are sensible. Marlene wears anything from combat boots to spikes. Thank the good Lord she wore sneakers today. Maybe not, she had a hole in the toe., He could shock you with his cold detachment and brutality at times, such as with his interrogation of Pavel, the Russian operative who killed Renee Walker, and then he could break your heart when watching his heart-felt video to his daughter he planned on leaving since he believed he would not make it through day 8 alive., leaving;, *large pieces of paper, I would like to take what I know, my experiences working in IT, somehow translate them into the science fictional world. Rotate them around fictional axes until they slot into the thrilling space saga I’m still looking at. I may have to actually put it aside for a bit because the ending doesn’t make sense to me again. This isn’t actually a mystery story but it does ask dramatically, “Who killed Nikki and why?”. That answer at least makes sense. (The captain, in the cargo bay, with the satellite. To preserve a mission secret). That part’s still solid–even though the meaning of a murder is different if senior management has to kill the crew after every planetary survey., This truth fand honest Tam o'Shanter,, fun grew free for, Virupaksha temple :, 03. ESCAPE FROM JUPITER (<U+6728><U+661F><U+570F><U+8131><U+51FA>): After completing the Warp Test from Mars to Jupiter, the Yamato suffers an engine malfunction and is forced to make an emergency landing on a continent floating in the atmosphere of the giant planet. While repairs are being made, the Gamilas attack the crippled ship, and Captain Okita decides to use their new weapon, the Wave Motion Gun!, This little cutie is one I won from The Digi Garden in a challenge a while back, but I hadn't had time to colour her and her friends up with all my DT commitments. The papers are mostly from Crate Paper as is the sentiment and the gumball machine chipboard embellishment. The ribbon is from The Ribbon Girl and the brad is from My Mind's Eye., Lies that life is black and white, Anyway, I know how much I enjoy getting hand written letters in the mail from friends and family, The husband came back on Friday afternoon with a bad fever and it was like having a baby at home. I panic when anyone other than me fall sick and this was no different. Ro goes a bit overboard and acts like a whiny kid being all 'I'm so cold,' and 'touch and see if I have fever (every 5 mins) and has been on the couch snuggled up under the throw watching telly all day. Every evening I ask him, 'are you going to work tomo,' to which he says 'are you crazy.' So its been lunch and dinner non stop for the past 4 days and it has driven me a bit crazy because I haven't done my usual quota of articles. He claims his appetite has gone for a toss and this morning the fever subsided and turned into a cough and cold. Perfect time for soup I thought and decided on the French onion soup which I've seen in so many restaurants and has been curious about. Scouted around for a recipe and decided on Finla's descriptive one with minor changes., They have two locations. The first is in LaGrange, IL. That location is the only one I've been to so far as I have not had enough time to visit their newest, second location in St.Charles, IL., Before he could say anything else, you gently placed a kiss on his forehead. That action caused him to kiss you full on the lips for a long time. You both broke for air. After that kiss, you brushed his blonde, wavy hair out of his face and wiped the tears away from his deep purple eyes. He pulled you into a hug, while swaying back and forth., I am failing as an adult; by letting her poison get inside me and infect everything that means the world to me., There’s a word in my family which ignites head turning, eye widening and altogether belly-happiness. I am rather ashamed to say, that for many years I thought the name of this dish was completely made up to entertain small children. I wasn’t completely wrong though, it’s an amalgamation of two Dutch dishes stamppot and hutspot., I have an intense love affair with hummus. It is my favourite bean/legume based dip or spread around. Hummus is great served with veggies, home made pita chips or spread onto a wrap or in a sandwich. It is also incredibly healthy, packed full of protien, good fats, fibre and vitamins. Now I know not everyone shares my affection for this Middle Eastern dip, so today I wanted to share a fun twist on the traditional chickpea dip. It’s pretty darn amazing, and I think may even stand a chance at converting non-hummus fans., Further services available here., Common sense is where you find it, except in Ohio., ... and something that everyone in the group should start reading as one of the tools in their weight loss journey., For more information, call Safe Kids Wood County at (715) 387-8646., 3. Do you have any specific goals for today? (# of books or pages to read?), back to pictures..., This is a quick guide to tailoring your message for the metro media. If you think your message is not getting out, there may be ways for farmers to rope in the services of an experienced PR, or to catch the attention of a freelance journalist who might possess a measure of credibility with some metro editors. Remember, though, that a PR is not the same thing as a freelancer even though some of the things they do are identical, like pitching ideas to editors. What sets them apart is largely the matter of 'interest': a PR is paid by the interested party to do the communication while a freelancer is paid by the editor at the other end of the chain of information., Here at work, we had to take an online ethics training course. It was fairly ridiculous, with lousy voiceover actors talking about how they might have a hot inside stock tip, or maybe a country club membership if the other lousy voiceover actor could just make sure that contract gets signed or that PO pushed back into last fiscal year., I’m fond of how it says “baby’s first Christmas” without actually saying it:) And a ‘paci’ is particularly appropriate for our little guy since he’s hooked on them for sleeping. The ornament is made by OWC and sold many places online, including here., I love reading with a glass of wine for time down. After the girls are in bed...its a great way to end the day!, I came home and decided that, after some lunch, I would head out for a run. Immediately I heard a clap of thunder, and then another, and then the skies opened up. So much for that idea., At such times, words cannot do justice to the experiences of the past three and a half months., of all time, But Judge Robert Gregory of the Fourth Circuit didn't buy it. He writes: "an officer and the Government must do more than simply label a behavior as "suspicious" to make it so...the Government cannot rely upon post hoc rationalizations to validate those seizures that happen to turn up contraband.", “If you realize that you have enough, you are truly rich.”, Lovely photograph of Mont St. Michel. It is located off the coast of England. Some may think it belongs to France. It is possible to walk to the “island” when the tide is low., I'm not scared of that label, Carnivore, There was no sign of Dublin’s most expensive spoons at the cash desk as we queued for our fix. What would they look like, we wondered? Then we spotted them – well out of reach of spoon thieves – behind the counter., The driver replied, "Sorry, it's not really your fault. Today is my first day as a cab driver. I've been driving a funeral van for the last 25 years.", 1 exit, Not the lines of age and pain,, of any IP rights., Garlic Oil (optional) or you can just use olive oil, pizzas. In fact, it slid quite easily into my freezer, which is a side one and therefore, Ideas will pop into my head and if they seem interesting, I’ll write them down for future reference. If one won’t leave alone, I’ll jot a few scenes, a few possible characters. If the idea starts to be look promising, I’ll see if an outline can be completed. I’ll note points of future research, questions to ask certain people. Then I’ll start thinking about character profiles, maybe a subplot. After that’s completed, it’s time to start chapter one., Yesterday evening, I sat for a while, watching Nathan's fingers dart quickly over the keyboard of my laptop as he wrote another of the pieces that keep us returning again and again to his blog. I sat for a while playing scrabble with Kelly, watching her cleverly crafting interlocking words from the most basic of letters. And as I did, I thought of another ritual that had once felt so comforting then somehow turned into a chore., State Education Commissioner Deborah Gist is slated to address a Joint Session of lawmakers after the Memorial Day Holiday., 5. apply another layer of potting soil on top., I really enjoy reading other's blogs. I get so much good information and enjoyment out of reading about people's lives! I guess I'm kind of a voyeur like that. I like to blog myself, but there are times when I really have nothing to say!!, While I am not sure that what follows this statement throughout the rest of the chapter about what this change means is entirely new nor incredibly insightful (e.g. “These Hebrew words…express the idea that our heavenly father is all-powerful” (129)), to me this change is of monumental importance., “The go-to place to get help from on campus has always been the CALL center since my freshmen year, because even during crunch time someone always offers to help me, which at times is much needed,” said Maude Sutherland., They had a very uncomfortable chair in our shared room., So where are you going with this, Snooker?, “How do you work with the community?, After I was done recording and the camera was turned off, I went back out and loped some more, where I found her much more relaxed and we settled into a rhythm. We had a much better ride, and I wish that part of my ride would have been recorded on video instead of the footage I now have., Sympathy tore inside Henderson and she nodded., Why Police Are Afraid To Tackle Asian Crime; Scottish Daily Mail, It's a promise we can't keep. We beat ourselves to death over that pledge., Get your act together with the food please...., Anyway, that's all for now - if all goes well I should be updating this fairly regularly with what's going on in my life. Hope you enjoy!, Fleming did “discover” penicillin after Duchesne passed away, and he did truly believe his discovery was a first because he never cared to research if anyone had worked with it before. He worked with it briefly, declared it useless, and discarded it like trash. Thankfully other scientists perked up at the announcement, went back to Duchesne’s research, continued where he left off and eventually learned it’s uses and how to mass produce it. So even though he was years behind the actual discovery and had no idea what it was, what it could do, and considered his time working with it to be a complete waste, he was more than happy to claim the credit for everyone else’s work., For the bellflower vine I used a vine trim that I sewed down using a running stitch in a gold metal thread along the stem. Then I added bellflower bead-caps with crystal beads in the centers., Unemployment and under-employment have huge implications for people’s mental health. People are happier when they are in work generally and often feel the gains of being employed in a very real way. It is a myth, that people who choose not to work and claim benefits (a FAR smaller number than the torygraph and the Daily Fail would have us believe), are happy and feel like they are enjoying life. This is far from the case. Often people in these situations turn to alternatives to the gratification provided by having a happy life and a fulfilling job, with chemical means. Chemical means such as alcohol, nicotine or any other drug that affects the serotinergic pathways, which they all pretty much do in one way or another., xoxo-a, You know, I always thought the book "Who Moved My Cheese?" was so ridiculously obvious that anyone who read it should have been saying, "Well, duh." The advertising industry is making me reconsider that opinion....but I'm scratching my head the entire time., I am very partial to blues in general, but I think the colours we obtained from the black beans were my favourite. I always thought blue were quite complicated to obtain from natural dyes, requiring indigo or woad and their long and complex fermentation process. Black beans offer a much easier alternative and I can’t wait to try more different types. I have picked up in a French supermarket some black beans from the US and will be testing those at some point against the ones from Thailand which we used in this experiment., Ominous, ain't it?, I longingly stare at the plate of chocolate chip cookies before me. Ooey, gooey goodness. Homemade. From scratch. Still warm from the oven. Calling to me. Beckoning me. Tempting me. I shove the plate away from me, stand up, and grab a banana from the fruit bowl instead. Chocolate chip cookie it ain't, that's for sure. But there's a part of me that is more fulfilled for choosing that banana. The cookies (yes, "-ies": ya' really think I'd only eat one??) would have satisfied for the period of time it would have taken to put them into my mouth, chew them up, and swallow them. Then, the guilt would set in. Almost immediately. "What have I done? I just compromised all that work I did yesterday! I am such a failure.", Singing, There is an old story from India that aptly illustrates how frame of reference affects an understanding of physical properties, and indeed of the larger setting in which those properties are manifested., my chicken before it has hatched., Readers, what are you thankful for (and my other blog friends all over the world, chime in, gratitude increases creativity, it's a proven!)., Little sometimes our mind can bear, Overall it was a great trip. Unfortunately, towards the end of the trip we got some news that Jesse's uncle was involed in an accident on his farm. I believe he had some head trauma and had fractures on his face. He had to be placed in an induced coma, BUT things are getting better and better each day. He is having surgery tomorrow and I ask that each of you pray that all goes well and to give his family the support they need to help him recover., The level of education is typically no different than that which would be given in a classroom situation. Your materials and the areas in which you are tested are similar and the laws of your state determine the content and skills that you must master. The disciplines that each student must learn are determined by your universities accrediting body as well as the prerequisites of the state in which you will practice., Lukewarm naan, I have been crafting all of my life, in one form or another. I was a very successful bead artist. I had my work published in over a dozen books and magazines, and lectured and taught all over the country, but...my beaded pieces took 500-1000 hours to complete. About 11 years ago, I started scrapbooking, when my first nephew was born. I instantly fell in love with the immediacy of the medium (compared to the crazy hours I spent beading!) In the past several years, I have really gotten serious with the craft and love finding new ways to take my pieces to the next level. It's really funny to look at any of my work, from bead work to paper and to be able to see the same style emerge, regardless of the medium. I have always loved dimension, and color and layers., Or, we can choose peace and gratitude and understanding. When they break a window with a hockey puck, we can congratulate them on their hard shot and talk about safer places at which to shoot. When they put a fork in the microwave, we can unplug it, clear out the smoke, throw out the microwave, and then help them get that meal they were trying to make. When they wash the car with a brick (which, after all, does look a bit like a sponge), we can take the brick away and give them a sponge. And when they use all of our $28 irrigation solution, we can say "thank you" and gently put it back., To be honest I’m still up in the air about this one. The first one sounds better to me, it has more character. It’s just not the character of the character thinking it. The edited version sounds too bland to me but feels more appropriate. What do you think?, I miss my baby...with every piece of my existence., Why not try keeping the significator off to one side, somewhere where it can be kept in view throughout the reading, and then see how that card 'relates' to the other cards in the spread?, AND IT WORKED LIKE A CHARM., Other than make a couple of side dishes, this is not a difficult dinner to prepare. Kimberly is bringing our salad and MFK (My Friend Kathy) is bringing the dessert. So all I have to do is a couple of side dishes, bread, and prep the meat!! How easy is that?, Small handful of Vanilla Almond Granola, Now the Attorney General or somebody needs to go back through the 2,000+ cases in which Pikett testified and determine how many convictions were based primarily on his dogs' testimony. I have little doubt that innocent people have been accused and convicted in Texas courts as a result of this flawed and untested technique., With spring officially here in the U.S., the Flourishes Design Team thought we'd share a little flavor of the season by showing off one of our "oldie but goodie" sets that honors this time of year! The set is called Signs of Spring and the entire design team used this set for their fun-filled Friday creations!, I never imagined that I would consider divorce. Not just because of what the church has to say about it, but because I come from divorce. In a way, divorce made me, and I stood firmly in this place that what happened to my parents would never, ever happen to me., I have written before about telling publishers of your own health problems or difficulties, but those of your dependents are a rather different issue. It all seems even more out of control. If you're unwell yourself, you know how unwell you feel, what you might be able to - and how much information you are willing to share with the outside world. But when your child (or partner, or parent) is sick, you are dealing with someone else's feelings and privacy. It's very difficult. It's also very difficult because their sickness is so much more painful than your own, and the feelings of helplessness and despair are far more acute than if you are ill yourself., This drawing was really difficult. I erased and erased. I wanted the wolf to look monstrous, but I didn't know if he should be sitting or standing, paw out, or paw down. So I tried them all. This is my first illustration with a child in it, so I had to work to make her look right. I made Casey stand and hold flowers behind his back. We argued over the size and length of her arms and all sorts of other things. I had to remind Casey that even though he was my model, that a little girl's body was much different than his :) He did help me eventually get her right., Bill was known to say to his kids, “I brought you into this world, I can take you out.” This sense of humor is not only pervasive through this parent’s parenting style, but it is also preventative. It prevents you from killing the child. A Bill Cosby Parent often looks at his or her child as if they are a species from another planet, brought here to do ridiculous things, and bring about torment to anyone over 35. It is through this lens that the Bill Cosby Parent disciplines and recoils in horror. If more families practiced a dose of this type of parenting, perhaps, we’d have less runaways. And by runaways, of course, I mean, runaway parents., Taunton’s Steve Giannetti, senior vice president of advertising, explained their decision: “Taunton recognizes that buyers want to see how consumers are engaging with our various platforms, so we’re proud to be out in front of this emerging trend. Fine Cooking’s CMR provides advertisers and their agencies with dependable, ABC-audited data across all content platforms so that they can assess the entire Fine Cooking brand confidently and plan accordingly. The CMR also allows Fine Cooking to officially claim the impressive distribution associated with its thriving digital assets.”, Then sit back and note the new air. It could be subtle - just a small breeze barely detectable bringing in a tiny change, or it could be a huge gust delivering a new opportunity, a stroke of good luck or a new friend. Try it. What the heck., Anyway, our rule of thumb is to crate Sydney and Barley whenever we go somewhere for longer than 3 hours. And we have left them for as long as 8-9 hours, although only rarely., “We hypothesized that religion would change how compassion impacts generous behavior,” said study lead author Laura Saslow, who conducted the research as a doctoral student at UC Berkeley., 2) In the opened Microsoft Windows Update window click on “Change Settings” in the left grey column., but agreed to the terms,, 06-07 Wilmington, NC – The Brikhouse, In each of the last three election cycles there were seven Senate races decided by less than ten points. But at this very early stage I would expect at least 14 seats could reach that level of competitiveness and seven of them are held by each side., What I want to know is, where are all of the so-called permissive parents every morning when their kids are getting up and going to school? Who is telling their kids what to do (go to school), setting clear rules (must go to school) and goals (finish school)? I'm willing to bet it's the parents., Based on the information provided to MACC today, Tenaganita hopes that the MACC will be proactive and independent in their investigations, and address the areas where corruption exists. Doing so would pave the way for increased protection of the rights and lives of migrants in Malaysia. Malaysia has a role in ensuring safe migration, and the MACC is a pivotal player in this process., Their motto's are described always in relation to the denunciation of class. "We the people". Or, "Power to the people"., You make me want to be a better person. A person that I can be proud of, and a person whom you’ll be proud of as well., After all, I'm a human mother. And my children are human children. And I want to have the best possible relationships with my children, two of my favorite humans on the planet., Typical examples of Works for Hire: Ghostwriting, Logo Design, As I ride the motorway to my destination, I muse on how long it has been since I have been called to a job. Sure, I have been woken; on one occasion I even got to the car and started driving. But, an actual job - well, many weeks. And then I start to wonder quite how I will manage this one. Will this job be the one where I find myself unable to make the right decision, where someone's life depends on me, and I get it wrong?, Maybe I’m alone on this one, but I always learned more from losing than I did from winning. I came away from failures stronger than I came away from successes. One of the joys in life is knowing that you have to work hard to get ahead. However, in this world, even if you fail, you stand a good chance of still being rewarded, especially if you’re already very well off., It really made me think about some things. While not wanting to disappoint or offend someone isn't inherently a bad thing, it shouldn't be my motivation for doing things. I should do good because I love virtue. I should avoid doing bad because God's standards say they are wrong. That's the One I should aim to please above anyone., coming downstairs., Her Belarussian mother is so beautiful, so gracious so kind. Her father is a handsome asian man., Matcha Mochi Mini Cake, This was my first time attempting clouds. Sorry the photo isn't great--looks way, way better in real life. I was pleased with how they turned out. They give your image so much more depth and dimension!!, In pursuing an online doctoral degree, you must look at how different and how similar it can be to the conventional approach in studying that you know. While it can vary because of the virtual methodology, it will still be a learning experience that you have to enjoy and look forward to., Our (Umno) Women minister (of all the persons in the country) Sharizat Abd Jalil is embroiled in her ‘cash, cow and condos’ controvery, MCA’s Jessie Ooi for being “tow-truck aunty”, PKR’s Nurul Izzah for being “protected by Umno” (aka as treated roughly” during one of her outings, and the number of little gals missing and never found until now…, The front yard is now all mulched, weed and feeded, and mowed. The back is almost done - needs a few more bags of mulch and annuals planted in the newly dug out and dirt replaced area. We used the dug up clay to fill in under the back steps. The deck has been washed down, the storage shed straightend up and half a bottle of Advil downed. I maybe glad to be back at work to rest a bit. No, I take that back. I'm not., unique and different,, What an asshole! First, Isaac Hayes leaves the show because wah wah, they made fun of Scientology. Shaft? More like daft., In addition to these proposed changes, there are many other changes which will have a significant impact on disabled persons seeking Medicaid coverage of long term care. Persons and groups wishing to submit written comments or testify at the September 13, 2010 public hearings are urged to contact Dutton & Casey P.C. at (312)899-0950. Public response may result in positive changes to the proposed regulations, If you hop and leave comments in the next three days, you have a chance to win a random drawing from all the comments on all the blogs to win one of four prize packages worth $40 each!! Winners will be announced on the Sweet 'n Sassy blog on Saturday, November 12th. The more you comment, the better your chance of winning!, 6. Fill the remainder of the plastic cup with the coconut mixture.", The good Doctor played to this and – rather bravely, I felt – decided to incorporate the gent in his act which eventually culminated in his – even more bravely – inviting the guy up onto the stage., If I get something more concrete and interesting in here tomorrow I’ll know that the strategy worked., Each Smart for Life cookie are made with extracts from all-natural ingredients including organic fruits, vegetables, wheat, milk and eggs. The program requires you to eat 6 cookies a day, drink 8 glasses water a day and a small dinner. For more information, check out the Smart for Life website., And then, at the end of the working day, I would switch off the machines, unplug them, walk out of the little blue door, lock it behind me, and wander back across the grass, past the sweetest smelling roses, through the conservatory and into the house to sit and read a book, or to write a book, by the fire., Again, in the Doctrine and Covenants, we read: “Women have claim on their husbands for their maintenance, until their husbands are taken” (D&C 83:2). This is the divine right of a wife and mother. She cares for and nourishes her children at home. Her husband earns the living for the family, which makes this nourishing possible. With that claim on their husbands for their financial support, the counsel of the Church has always been for mothers to spend their full time in the home in rearing and caring for their children., As Milligan got towards the end of his 'forecast', he said "and now for a look at tonight's weather...", raised the chart (which turned out to be in front of a window), looked through it and announced "looks pretty nice outside tonight, folks...", Writer- Jerry Douglas, Cardigan (Club Monaco, consignment), knit top (Planet), skirt (Le Chateau), shoes (Feet First, thrifted), leather cuff (Guess, thrifted), wrist-wrap (Club Monaco), necklace (Raven's Rest Studio)., Yellow., 4. Be comfy in your skin cuz it’s great skin to be in., Or maybe Jews don’t like me cause I am one of their own. Or maybe not funny enough? I am not going to accept that – okay, I may accept that., It is tempting to see this article as part of an organized campaign to get rid of troublesome dissidents who are critical of Multiculturalism, Islam and mass immigration. The political establishment loves dissidents, but only if they live far away in places like Burma or Tibet. It’s a very different story if they come from their own country., And even as I turn the next corner, I take a moment now to pay tribute to my two wonderful children and share a poem that I wrote for them before they were born, before I knew them, and whose words they embody every day even without knowing it., There’s very recent commentary regarding The Abyss over at The Next Bar Stool and a three-year old post at Beervana. I’m curious to know if the reviewer at Beervana got around to trying The Abyss a year or two later. I can attest that the 2009 version we sampled is completely ready for prime time, despite the fact that the label indicates it’s actually best AFTER November 1, 2010. I’m thinking I’ll try this bottle soon and pick up another one for storing., When it comes to civil nuclear power, civil reactors of various designs, including MOX, France takes some beating. France is extremely nuclear orientated in its energy production and was quite probably a driving force behind the EU Energy Plan that runs to 2050 and envisages a large increase in nuclear power facilities across the continent. Whether events in Japan will change some of the proposed atomic generation to more conventional energy production around the continent we shall see. Given statements from Ukraine, the Czech Republic and Estonia since the Japanese disaster it seems unlikely plans will change greatly., Although we continue to socialize her, Sydney is often unfriendly to other people and will sometimes bark and look ferocious when we cross paths with others. But if the other person is unafraid and just walks up to her, Sydney backs down and becomes their friend. Several people in our caravan group have taken this approach, including Roger, Spike, and Debbie. Still, we're careful with her around other people, particularly children., I take a spray bottle of homemade wipe solution, a few prestuffed pocket diapers, a small grovia wet bag (which holds about 4-6 diapers), a small bag with plenty of cloth wipes, and a changing mat in my diaper bag whenever we go out. I place everything dirty in the wet bag, pull the draw string tight, place it in the diaper bag and it works really well for us. We don't have issues with bad smells and I prefer to use cloth on the go even though it means more to carry around, because with cloth, we don't have messy blowouts that end up on his clothes. It actually saves me more time. ., Can you believe another week has passed? They just seem to go faster and faster to me. How about you?, “Midtown Mantra” – A Poem in Song, 5Blessed are the meek,, Enter stage left, in cameo role, And lit up in that way, A: I've tried a number of ways. I have used a graphic tablet, and various high-tech bits and bobs but I find it’s quicker and more, (Here's a conclusion: I am drowning in luck and abundance and the stress that comes with getting it all in order. Also, my renter just turned on her shower and I'm laughing a mean-spirited laugh because my bath is already drawn. Bwa-ha! I win all the hot water!), .... Amanda Jane, Thank you for cross posting., Video #6: This video was created by Rocky (Rocco) and Linda Spalazzi, artists/owners of Bright Light Visual Communications located in Cincinnati Ohio. They also participated in the retreat, and created this wonderful overview of the time we all spent together., Our spring cleaning will be a summer’s cleaning. Since we won’t be pressured to move right away in the apartment because the trailer is 15 minutes from there and we can live there as long as we want, we will be able to clean, paint and place everything without having to live in a mess., Having studied Spanish for 7 years now, I have been exposed to all the culture and music and love it! Mainstream music has also created a space for Latin artists to thrive. I think for all these reasons, “Mehki Mehki,” from the film Game, is a song I love to drive to. My only problem is that the song has an obvious Latin flair, but they throw in the Arabic word “Habibi.” #crossculture #confusion, Bottom line though: is there any point to any of this? I don’t know. I’m not sure anyone does know. But it can’t hurt. As for whether you owe me, no—no you don’t. But this is bigger than me. The fact is these days if you want to spread the joy you need to talk to the right people online. You might not know them personally but you might be friends with people who just happen to be friends of some other people who happen to be friends of friends of those people. That’s how it goes. When I’ve enjoyed a good book or a film or heard a song that’s made my hairs stand on end I want to tell people about it but here’s where the “selfish, lazy, and ruthless” quote comes in; unless it’s convenient for us, we don’t do it; we don’t go out of our way to do it; if we happen to think of it we might mention it but usually we forget. My daughter will ask, “Have you guys been watching anything good on TV?” and we’ll think and then say, “Oh, yes, have you seen (Wilfred was the last thing)?” And we’ll tell her about it, enthuse a bit and then the conversation will drift off onto some other subject; the bird will start chattering or something. The odds are she still won’t watch it. Not because she’s selfish, lazy, or ruthless but quite simply because there’s so much going on in her life that by the time she gets her coat on, gives me my hugs and kisses, gets in her car and drives homes she will have completely forgotten about it and be more concerned with what’s she’s going to fix her husband for his supper or making sure the cat receives all the attention he demands or checking to see if she has clean clothes for the morning and remembered to hand in her latest essay or, or, or…, And happy we died once more;, 2) Many don't know who George Soros is., 14-10-00 Form: 0600/P004/4003111P/116P11/035U005P/1PP-5U654, Goodie bag totes -- Old Navy, One of the things that I have heard in Al-Anon for years is that by staying busy, I get better. But as in everything, there is a need for balance. Being frantically busy is not what I want to do. I did that for many years, running from my problems by juggling so many things. So this weekend, I will do the usual things that bring me comfort. And that includes getting more rest., what exactly does it mean to be well behaved and do I stand firm in those definitions?, Thank you all in advance, because I know how bloggers are, and know the outpouring of love you give to those who need it. Please pray., Today I will go buy the ingredients, and enjoy some this weekend in fond memory of my Grandma. Many thanks to my mom for actually having measurements for this one. And here's a nod to what I affectionately refer to as the Jello Generation. They sure knew how to combine box mixes to come up with something yummy., Edisto Beach State Park is in a higher fee tier, but still only $25/night with standard hookups. The water has been warm enough for my polar bears, who enjoyed their first taste of ocean since February in Southern California. The beach is a short hike or ride from the inland (Live Oak) campground, through quickly changing live oak forest, palmetto hammock, and reedy salt marsh habitats. Joe was scouting for firewood when he surprised a venomous snake, so we stuck to the path after the first day., His occupational therapist told me Friday they ordered him a new desk...a wrap around model to help with his focus when he does seat work. Seat work? I didn't know he was doing seat work. Yeah..and we're getting him cardboard dividers so when we work with him one on one, he is less distracted. Hum. So, maybe we're underestimating this boy. He's learning his colors? Sitting in a desk? Minding us? It was an eye opening last few days in regards to Peter, that's for certain., Kim Jong Moon, 56, a businessman in South Korea shared the same sentiment. “I know we were only supposed to observe Earth Hour by turning off non-essential lights and also unplug unnecessary electrical items, but my friends and I decided to go a little further by cutting our water and gas usage for the entire hour, you know, to make a bigger impact for our beloved planet., On his face., When the Jewish people sinned, HaShem exiled us from His palace and scattered us to the four corners of the world. Exile from home, per se, is a horrible punishment, but the ultimate punishment was what the exile did to us. The brutality, torment, persecution, cruelty, subjection and murder merged together to make us forget that were like Yosef - princes in exile., (i think it's really cool of her to always have a way to engage with her fans, don't you think so? hehe!), She is largely skeptical of recent developments and says, if anything, the Arab Spring has only highlighted the continuing “second-class citizenship” of women in the region., (Note: My GF version thickened very quickly and needed more broth than the original recipe (original called for 1 1/2 cups). You may need a little bit more than this. I made this in advance and stuck it in the fridge in the soup pan that I made it in, then took it out and warmed and re-whisked it before mixing in the beef mixture and tater tots)., 2 large cooking apples, Watergate was supposed to have established that Presidents are not above the law. If that is so, President Obama may have to resign for breaking the law in the Sestak affair., British cultural nationalism aims to preserve and protect the culture handed down to us by our ancestors but will not rule out anyone belonging to that British culture out on the grounds of race, religion or ethnic origin., Last night I saw a meteor and today I saw a flying fish, The reason why Communism takes over the world is not because it is much “smarter” than capitalism or democracies or anything of the sort. It is because in the West there is a spiritual vacuum, and when this vacuum is present Communism simply marches in, taking one little territory after the other until, at present, it has conquered nearly half the world., It wasn’t long into the vows when the Pregnant Friend I Stole Food Off began to tear up. This was remarkable when you consider she couldn’t actually see anything from where we were seated, and I was quietly narrating the events as they happened for her. I like to imagine it was because I gave such a beautiful, moving account, but let’s be honest hormones probably played a much bigger role., JANUARY: Stubborn and hard-hearted. Ambitious and serious. Loves to teach and be taught. Always looking at people’s flaws and weaknesses. Likes to criticize. Hardworking and productive. Smart, neat and organized. Sensitive and has deep thoughts. Knows how to make others happy. Quiet unless excited or tensed. Rather reserved. Highly attentive. Resistant to illnesses but prone to colds. Romantic but has difficulties expressing love. Loves children. Loyal. Has great social abilities yet easily jealous. Very stubborn and money cautious., One trick to eliminate this is to only sharpen your liners when you are ready to use them. That way you will shave off the dried out sections and expose the more fresh, pliable, workable liner., I’m sad you can’t be with us but we know you’ll be watching. I don’t know if you ever got to eat at Longhorn or not but I hear they cook a really mean steak., Prostitutes of the West worked in a hierarchical class structure, or a “whorearchy” (my term), in which the brothel was the highest rung. Also called parlor houses, they provided elaborate surroundings, luxuries, amenities, and the protection of a male bouncer if the clients became too rough. At the dawn of the twentieth century, one house in Colorado used electric lights, running water and a telephone. A staff of seven, including a bartender, a maid, and a musician, provided services other than sex. Of course, there were always five or six prostitutes. The Dumas Brothel in Butte, Montana was a three-story brick building that contained forty-three rooms and used pocket doors to create large rooms for parties., ‘Guns don’t kill people – postal workers do.’ Answer:The Mexican. A bad, bad movie with Julia Roberts, Brad Pitt,, Politicians who came after them, and who cared nothing for their sacrifice and to whom such concepts as love, honour and patriotism are beyond their understanding, have betrayed their memory and maybe even rendered their sacrifice meaningless., breathless from the fall, roll out the dough, keeping the shape of a rectangle, as thinly possible. you should be able to see your hands underneath it., I didn't do much these past few days. I took a little break from sewing because I was kind of tired of it., Mika Pettersson, editor in chief of Finnish news agency STT, said the gunman opened fire at Prisma supermarket in the shopping center., Brooks® Sports, Inc. is a leading company that manufactures high-quality running shoes and other sports apparel and sports accessories worldwide. Brooks has established their respectable reputation by providing the best quality performance shoes and apparel for sports enthusiasts. Their products have been well-recognized as the best choice for runners of all levels. In fact, they’ve been very popular in providing the best motion control running shoes in the market., Again, consider Bangladesh, where the problem is particularly acute because we have systematically destroyed various avenues through which grass root politicians can arise. There is no student politics, or labour movement, or environmental or community movement. Local government mayors and chairmans have no authority. This seems to be a far bigger problem than worrying about the dynasties as such., Today is another spectacular day, and I hope all of you enjoy it too!, Jeremy Clarkson commented, “We travel all over the world with Top Gear Live events and, wherever we are, we always say the audiences are amazing. But South Africa is different because when we say it there, we really mean it. That’s why I can’t wait to share our Top Gear Festival with the friendliest, most enthusiastic people on the planet”., Jo Malone’s Wild Bluebell is definitely my most expensive fragrance, but for me it was a splurge that was worth it. Jo Malone has an extensive range and I would encourage anyone to at least wander into your nearest department store that carries Jo Malone (or a Jo Malone boutique if you are lucky enough to live in a location that has them) to sniff around., August 26 Los Angeles, CA WHITE HOT SUMMER GROOVE The Hollywood Bowl, 2301 North Highland Drive with EUGE GROOVE, *beachbody did not pay me to tell you all these things I am legitimatly here to help, So know I have lost a few friends and broken a few hearts for not thanking them in my speech I will be off. For a hot shower to thaw out!, Besides, the Supreme Court has also settled that regular service of any assistant engineer in degree quota will be counted only after he/she acquires the degree in engineering., Macrospace E7 and The Consciousness within the Psychic Domain of the Parabrahman Lila, When it was Adam’s turn to split his votes he had the same strategy as Cee Lo and went 60-40, for TONY. I was really surprised for two reasons: 1) Katrina Parker (who did an amazing rendition of ‘Killing Me Softly’, in what will go down as the best song choice in The Voice history) has been consistently better than Tony during the live shows, 2) Adam has been gushing week after week about how much he loves Katrina, and wants everyone else to love her, what happened?, I don’t want James to see his dad like I have been seeing him. I want HSSH to be healed and then come into his children’s lives., This little card is both for the Waltzingmouse Sketch Challenge and the Blog Waltz, which is celebrating all things green for St Patrick's Day... and my newest little rodents arrived just in time for me to submit this card for the sketch challenge, so very happy with the newest release, and not surprisingly the first stamp I used was one of the fabby new labels., leave the country completely wrecked and tens of thousands of US “military advisors” and “defence contractors” still in place. We can close Gitmo, only, er, no, we can’t, not really. We can get Bin Laden – in the middle of a country we still call our most important regional ally, which has been sheltering him for years. We can deal with Wall Street and the banks – by letting them more or less carry on the way they were going before they wrecked everything in the first place. We can deal with national and private debt … well, we could … maybe … but Congress won’t let us., C = I, Deuteronomy 31:6, For the love that is purest and sweetest, I stuck with it to the bitter end though, partly out of morbid curiosity, and partly because of the cast: Sadie LeBlanc plays Lacey’s hairdressing bestie, ‘Stella’ (I’ll admit her hair looks super-cute here), and Sarah Edmondson plays her conspiracy-obsessed lawyer-friend ‘Brooke’… while Lacey’s domineering mother is played by Mary McDonnell, and her younger sister ‘Cherise’ is played by Katharine Isabelle! For the life of me, I couldn’t figure out how old Cherise was supposed to be… I mean, all the female characters behave like high school girls anyway, but Isabelle was in her late twenties at the time, and Lacey keeps treating her like a “kid sister” who needs to be chaperoned at all times! Very strange. Speaking of which, Sarah Strange puts in an appearance as ‘Zoe Manville’, the distraught sister of the victim, and is pretty much the only actress to emerge with a sliver of dignity here., Once again Roskin is a brilliantly written character, not only does he grow up, but he faces the problems that plague his people with great calmness. Red would have been proud! Molgheon, another character who I enjoy (she’s such a bad ass, as female dwarves ought to be!), finds her place and finally finds her peace, something I was glad to read and something that made me all teary., A few months after having my child, my vision failed to return to full capacity. I wasn’t very concerned, but my family was. They encouraged me to have my vision checked. I finally caved in, but sine I never wore glasses before, I still wasn’t too concerned. I was dumbfounded when I did the initial eye test. Right away, it was obvious I had no central line of vision in one eye. The optometrist referred me to a ophthalmologist. There the ophthalmologist then referred me to a retinal specialist., “So, you enjoy your little fling.” Isis stressed the latter. “I’ve watched many come and go out of Nigel’s life, but I’m still here.”, Oh well that explains the enormous reach, then. But what about the lack of someone to catch a god damned football?, Santa Fe, NM, A cooler weather plant, it likes well drained soil and actually adds nitrogen back into it. It is one that is easy to grow, and whose beautiful blossoms are edible., The week had passed and Abbey found herself spending more time with her illustrator than in her hotel room. She spent hours at Sloan’s penthouse working on their book under Robert’s suspicious eye. They attended meetings with the editors at Panda to finalize production of their book. He took her to his favorite museums and restaurants, many whose dress code did not fit the wardrobe Abbey packed from Iowa. It never seemed to be a problem – Sloan always seemed to have the perfect dress for the evening on hand., I'm so high I swear I could fly., The detective was said to have approached a woman in a parked car demanding her name and address. When she refused, the detective identified himself as a police officer and flashed his badge against the car window., Christopher Ciafardini, 30, New York, N.Y., Now that was true. He had ordered a three-course meal from Avanti Ristorante delivered to his office, complete with antipasto, crab-stuffed chicken over angel hair pasta, crusty bread and olive oil, and tiramisu for dessert, all served with the house champagne. Phoebe had gotten tipsy, and then a little bit whiny., So won't be around for the next couple of weeks!, Several months ago someone put the idea into my head that I should make some quiet books. This is one project that I've never really had the desire to do, but that little seed kept growing until one day I found myself drawing up the templates and then at JoAnn's buying the supplies., But once its all over and we are still standing…, I wanted to share these rules because I found them to be so incredibly inspiring. I think every parent should strive to raise their children this way. I hope I can live up to these standards when Butterfly comes., Hold out. He is faithful. Don't settle for anything less than the peace that comes when you're with the right one. It isn't easy to watch friend after friend walk down the aisle, and I get that. But be patient. It is well worth the wait.<U+FEFF>, I wanted to help out the best that I could, so my contribution to dinner was dessert. I went waivered on what I was going to make and after a lot of searching and looking online and though books and magazines I came up with cupcakes, but the real question was, what kind?, As for a new stove, I'd love a gas cook top with an oven over there but, BUT,I'll keep it simple and go back with a combo unit like I got. BUT the new one will have electronic ignition and there for no pilot light! Saves on Propane use and cooler in the house huh?, No wheat products., Thanks for letting me read Joe Kramath's (sic) The List. I', sorry to say that despite the good writing and humor, I think the story may be too fabulous for us to publish it successfully. Thanks again and best of luck to you and the author. - Little, Brown and Company, I've also used SU Bashful Blue for the mattes and for the Nellie Snellen diecut. The DP is from My Mind's Eye. I used the same die to make a matte for the image topper and also for the little piece to hold the easel section in place when open. I backed a piece of the DP with some card and cut it out with a small circle punch to add to the middle and then popped this on to the centre panel with a foam dot to give it some height so the top would stay in place. The sentiment is from Hampton Art - Clear Expressions set called "All Occasion" I added 3 small pale green rhinestones ( (B)ling - for the Sentimental Sundays Challenge.) to the LH side of the topper., People, get ‘a ready. Jesus is ‘a comin’!, 1) A new coffee maker. A. bought a coffee maker for himself when we moved to Albany, back in the days before I even drank coffee. That would be ten years ago. He bought the cheapest model available at Target, in keeping with our economic station (that is, really damn poor). And it just kept going. Not, however, without some minor inconveniences as it neared the end of its life. It got incontinent, leaking water from mysterious and indeterminable places. The basket part, which swung out to the side, wouldn't stay shut anymore unless I put a rubber band around it. So I used a leaking, rubber banded coffee maker for at least a year, reluctant to throw it away as it was in fact still performing its stated duty of making coffee, albeit while annoying the shit out of me every morning., From Generally Speaking, January, 1998., It is easier to view Cornelius as a faithful scientist when compared with the conniving Dr. Zaius. Zaius is put in the awkward position of serving as head of scientific research and being the chief defender of the faith. The latter will always wind up being more important. Recall the lengths Zaius was willing to go to: lobotomizing Taylor’s fellow astronauts, attempting to geld Taylor, and destroying Cornelius’ findings that man once ruled the Earth while apes were the animals. I have seen that sort of attitude from religious leaders in regards to issues both scientific and social. I have been in Cornelius’ shoes when trying to wade through which course to take.My roommate and I had a big debate over the issue of science v. religion after catching POTA one night in 1999. We were both what you could best classify as existentialist Christians, meaning we both adhered to the tenets of conservative Protestantism (But I am a Calvinist; he was not) yet see no reason to attribute supernatural explanations when a rational one will do. The debate was not much at that point Dr. Zaius, as Minister of Science and Chief Defender of the Faith should have emphasized his duties for the former, not the latter instead of the opposite., No, I am not telling you what my resolutions are. That would be a little like telling you my birthday wish when blowing out the candles. I can't be a party to such nonsense., Melodious, where spirits gat them home,, After lunch, we walked around the area and ended up at the Barefoot bar. We enjoyed our first mai tai's of the trip., As a music consultant, I talk a lot with bands about their relationship expectations and their working expectations and goals when it comes to the business and creative sides. if you are going to be a professional musician, you will have to work with someone you don’t like at some point, but the more you can work with them professionally, the better and faster the end results you are looking for can arrive., Jeddah’s history goes back some 2500 years, when the area was first inhabited as a small fishing village. Its location on the Red Sea and its close proximity to Mecca played important roles in Jeddah’s importance and growth in the ensuing years. Mecca is the holiest city of Islam. All Muslims are required to journey to Mecca at least once in their lives for the religious pilgrimage called the Haj, with many Muslims making the trip more times than just the once. Since Jeddah is the closest seaport to Mecca and only a one hour drive away by car, Jeddah benefits economically from the millions of pilgrims who make this trip each year. Jeddah’s airport is also the largest in the whole region as well, with a special terminal just for Haj pilgrims. Because of this tremendous influx of visitors from all over the world, Jeddah is thought to be a little more progressive, cosmopolitan and informal than the capital city of Riyadh, which gets far fewer outside visitors. Riyadh lies smack dab in the middle of the country, a tad isolated from the rest of the world, and is surrounded by mostly nothing but desert for many miles., I stared at him, speechless. We Woosters are as quick as lightning, and I saw at once that something had happened., I wrote an article. What's an article but a Kindle that's not a Kindle Short? Because it won't make it into Kindle Shorts. What's an e-pamphlet? That's what this is., If you are unwilling to change or lead from the “my way or the highway” standpoint; you are not leading. That is called dictating., Somehow or another, I managed to repeat the process 4 more times. Woot! The effort it took to haul *myself* into the van after all the sand was loaded was monumental. My back hurt, my leg hurt, my knee hurt and my kids had started arguing, so my head hurt. I threatened them, "So help me, if you all don't stop your fighting I will take all the sand back into the store and not set up the pool." They all stopped the fighting, but my 12 year old looked at me like, "Right, Mom.... I am sure you are going to unload all this sand..." She wisely said nothing., to my lilac that traveled all the way from Michigan as a single sprig..., No success? Commence step 4., With the coming of railways improved transportation diminished the importance of Weyhill fair and increased competition made it harder for Farnham hop growers. Their premium price became eroded, which made it more difficult to recover after bad years as their land rent and other costs were higher., Beauty comes at a price, and for me, it’s a lonely price., As you would have seen from my other posts the Penguin comes in a brown paper bag with a hand drawn penguin on the front. It also comes with a beaut stopper so you can store it away for future indulgences., Red and gold, the spine and corners a little frayed, the pages somewhat yellowed, but for a book that was printed in 1876, it looked beautiful!, As I pointed out in my first post, you don’t need to be abused in order to be diagnosed as BPD, however, I do think that most people who have BPD were abused or neglected as children; therefore, I disagree with the last misconception. Also, it should be noted that just because someone doesn’t “report abuse” doesn’t mean they weren’t abused., Dr. Larry Madden, Ohio State University, USA, Middle:, Rate Development Bond Issue, I have entered it into a few challenges that are listed below., They are AWFUL!! Never mind the horrible taste and after taste but they are really, really bad for your body. Splenda in particular reduces the good bacteria in your intestines, stimulates your appetite, kills your brains cells (because its so much sweeter than sugar) and on and on. Click here for an article to get you started...... Please, please, PLEASE do not put this terrible chemical into your body. In fact, avoid it and others (Nutra Sweet, Truvia, Equal) as all costs. If you want more info, just google for more information. But beware of where it's coming from, the makers of Splenda say it's fine. Hmmm......, Author, Founder of the Tree of Life Rejuvenation Center, “Conscious Eating, Spiritual Nutrition and the Rainbow Diet”, “Sevenfold Peace, Tachyon Energy: A New Paradigm in Holistic Healing” and “Depression-Free for Life,” raw food advocate., But wait, I was going to talk about Storymakers..., We got to Cracker Barrel early to beat the crowds and was lucky enough not to have to wait. We were immediately seated and didn't have to wait long to be served our traditional Thanksgiving dish of Turkey and Dressing with all the fixings., This is a hard weekend for me anyway. It was a Sunday, January 9 1999 that my grandmother passed away. There are events surrounding her death that are still very upsetting to me. As you know, if you've been reading my blog at any length, I was very close to my grandmother, and miss her very much., But is it luck or it is playing the game smartly? I think it’s luck, he thinks it’s the other., sea salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, When I embarked on oen of my adevntures in the local library, I saw this book lolling on the shelf all by itself. Raking pity on it, I took it off the shelf and read the blurb - it sounded like a fun read. So after some rather complicated fiddling with the machine that lives to judge my choice in fiction, a strained conversation with the library attendant who also seems to ive to judge my choice in fiction, and a large traffic jam which may/may not also live to judge my choice in fiction, I finally got to read this book. And I had my doubts, but after I got to about page twenty they were all blown into dust. Also, because I didn't actually read more than three words of the blurb, I had no idea what the book was about., I woke with a start from my nightmare about falling down a mineshaft, and in the dull red glow coming through our bedroom window, I saw my four-year-old sister. She’d tangled herself up in an old petticoat Mum puts on her at bedtime. We sleep on the floor and our beds are potato sacks stuffed with hay. Sara shares hers with my big sister Maria, on the other side of the room from me., Since Monday my thoughts from the road have been confirmed by a piece of mail when I walk in the house or the complaint of looking for some contact info and the next thing I pick up is it after not having had any idea where to look since getting the info in January., Now a thank you to the very lovely Martha who you can visit here, please do go and see her! She sent me this gorgeous little owl pin and card all the way from America! Thank you so much Martha, you are a star!, I will put them together and send them to Aaron's Mommy., My dear, dear sister in law Mary will have Radiation treatments till the 16th, on her spine. At that point, they'll remove her Right Kidney (Per Fred Hutch's advice/protocal.), DSC and power relations, In addition to caring for patients, the retired pediatrician, said he enjoyed the consultation opportunities he had with local health care providers. The local providers would bring patients for him and another doctor to see for a consultation, and vise-a-versa. It was a real interchange of ideas and working together. There was a mutual respect for the knowledge that each had., Not only does Dataran Merdeka not belong to City Hall, Malaysia does not belong to Najib or Umno. Once and for all, let’s make it clear – Malaysia belongs to its people., Too often organizations exist to push paper and send emails to protect the back side of bureaucrats. Unfortunately bureaucrats are focused on the organizational chart, titles and how to move up the ladder. Leaders exist to make a difference in the lives of individuals. And sometimes the leader is not even aware of his / her contribution to the organization or to the lives of the individuals that are touched by the leader., Finally, John Stott was a strategic thinker working with the structures of Anglicism but also with the cross-denominational networks. Here is a great lesson from Stott: work out the things you do well, hone those gifts and skills, and spend a lifetime doing them., from WWII onward., Besos, So many of the characters in the book and Hannah’s experiences are based on real events and people. Like, one of my rich Russian students told me he thought there was nothing wrong with bringing someone from your country to work in your house and not paying them. He said life was better for them in America, wasn’t it? He was both one of the most generous people I’ve ever met and also one of the most fiercely ambitious. He told me his whole life he wanted a 90210 zip code. He made it into the book., Its always best when its effortless. True that., Varun Industries Limited has informed the Exchange that at its meeting held on October 25, 2010 the Board of Directors of the Company has decided to form two companies in Singapore and Dubai which would be incorporated as wholly owned subsidiaries of Varun Holdings Limited, Mauritius, which is Company’s wholly owned subsidiary. The proposed companies would thus become the Company’s indirect subsidiaries., Stephen King does a few things I would never recommend to an author. But he's Stephen King and can do what he wants, so who am I to complain? For one thing, King's direct reader address (using "you") works well in this book and helps me believe in Jake as a normal person who is just as confused as I about why and how this is all happening. As a general rule, however, I do not like direct address and do not recommend trying it without supervision. King also foreshadows a lot, which works for increasing the suspense, though often I find that authors want to utilize this tool in an ineffective way (ie. foreshadowing too much). And if I were to voice a minor complaint, it would be that at times the foreshadowing does feel a bit excessive., Now I've opened my little book shop, and you who live outside of Sweden have finally a change to get your own copy. Here are the facts (updated 12-04-24, I had wrong info about the freight costs):, That's it! This was really easy and really good. I served mine with mashed potatoes, mushrooms, and onions caramelized with worcestershire sauce., <U+25CF> Deleted & Extended Scenes, Tiffany Everett illustration, About 6:30 this evening my friend and co-worker Steve texted me that Mr. Graham was over and visiting with them. Steve and his wife Kendall purchased the old Stout house here in Fort Scott and are restoring it. Mr. Graham was the son of one of the ladies that worked for the Stouts and he grew up in the home's "servant" quarters although he says he felt like a member of the family. He is a wonderful story teller and at 90 is a jewel of a person to be with. I was able to catch a few shots as he pondered and recalled the stories of his past. The final shot shows RK with Steve and Kendall., Summer brews get a lot of hype. Those thirst quenching, fruity wheat beers are easy and fun to drink while at picnics, parties and around the fire pit. I love a good Bell's Oberon or Dogfish Head Festina Peche. Christmas beers, with their spices, and winter warmers, with their high abv, get the attention of those looking to sip next to the chestnuts roasting on an open fire. Packed in between those two beer seasons, are Oktoberfest beers., We have in America an ADMINISTRATION controlled by the Congress, the government is the one of the people, Barack Obama did not respect this rule and played with the Senate and the House a kind of bad art of secret. The impeachment that we are promoting now, for a President of the Country who decides without judgment his own policy, will be a positive reply to his negative vision of the revolutions in progress in the Middle-East. He preferred to have a memory and feedback of his own experience in Africa that is not an Arabian one than to respect the sovereignty of this State of Libya, deserving respect and UN anger management military therapy program BUT NOT AN AIR FORCE STORM never authorized., 240g frozen corn kernels, After developing the simple modules, I arranged them in a way to create a super module that allowed for various types of connections and stacking. Once the form of the super module was finalized, I stacked them in various ways on the site to see which form would work within the site. Since the travelers bang will sit next to an international hotel and is near the central park, the height of the bang will remain short to fit into the context., Dusty's issues had subplots, to be kind, Jackson also listen in to the history tapes, read alouds and geograpy lessons that I do with the older children a couple of times a week. It looks like a lot of work, but with everything organized it only takes a minute to set things out for him to work on. Some he can do independently while I work on laundry or activities with Caedmon. Finally, we are making great strides and we are all so excited to see him learning so much., “I don’t know if I’m in love,” Ronan said, a wild feeling bubbled up inside him, “but even if Sundance wasn’t in the picture at all, say it was a witch like Wolfe, who you haven’t met yet, who helped me. I still don’t know if I could ever feel like I could trust her again with myself. Does that make sense?”, All buy-sell agreements should be drafted by legal counsel for the respective C corporation, S corporation, or limited liability company (LLC), depending on the specific fact pattern of the case. Optional wait-and-see language can be drafted into any buy-sell agreement, which allows a cross purchase option or stock redemption option to be decided only after a share owner has died. Also, “trusteed” buy-sell plans can be drafted for multiple shareholder situations to reduce the number of insurance policies required and provide for a professional trustee to administer the buy-sell plan., Dies: Wplus9 Heart Die, PTI Limitless Layers, Boys softball tryouts today after school., Mental health nurses have restraint options, too, for sectioned patients. Why didn’t they consider it? Why pass it on to the overburdened police service?, It was on this day, April 30, 1989, Sergio Leone died. An Italian film director, producer and screenwriter most associated with the “Spaghetti Western” genre. his movies include The Last Days of Pompeii, The Colossus of Rhodes, the Dollars Trilogy (A Fistful of Dollars, For a Few Dollars More and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly), Once Upon a Time in the West, Duck, You Sucker! and Once Upon a Time in America. Leone’s film-making style includes juxtaposing extreme close-up shots with lengthy long shots. He was 60 years old., Get excited for the 2013 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter: the award-winning vans are undergoing several developments, including all-new technological developments, specifically the 7G Tronic automatic gearbox which reportedly can still operate very well even in temperature as low as -22 degrees Fahrenheit. It also has the new Electronic Stability Program, which works as Brake Disk Wipe and Electronic Brake Prefil. Other new features are the ECO steering system, engine start/stop system and resistance tires – all part of the BlueEFFICIENCY pack., It will probably remain a mystery., Thor, I’ll tell you why not, well actually I’ll continue telling you why for a bit longer: this really does lend itself to these actors. It’s quite obviously based on a book and the film just makes you want to read it! There is intrigue and international mystery and the threat of sudden death but also the pervading question of what the fudge is going on here? It’s quite exciting in it’s own way. And did I mention that Daniel Radcliffe is in it as a small and impossibly annoying boy?, Carly: Kids grow up and become grown ups and get their own house., I used GinaK Designs Pure Luxury Kraft cardstock for the base, and used Versamark ink and a verbiage background stamp on the top. I layered some Fiskars DP with some purple cs, in order to relate to the focal image, and upholstered the bottom of the card with it. I really like the sort of glowing leaves in this DP, so I made sure they were visible below the focal image. I tore some value pack black cs to give it a rough edge, and backed my image with it, but this time I attached the black to the base first, and popped the image by itself over the black with some mounting tape. Then I added the owl, the rhinestones, and that was it., I basically adapted (i.e. grossly oversimplified) a recipe for Fettuccine with Wild Mushroom Sauce from Epicurious - I used half the recipe when just cooking for myself. The below makes about 2 servings depending on your appetite! Note: I am very particular with brands for some of my ingredients, but feel free of course to substitute with anything you like., improved transportation, One day I decided to check out the song on the flipside. It was called ‘Chest Fever”, and had this heavy heavy organ chord going, and lyrics I couldn’t understand because they were sung like “Louie, Louie” was sung, that is to say unintelligibly, so I figured it had to be a dirty song, just like they said if you ever did hear a word from “Louie, Louie” it was going to be dirty., “N when you talk about his maiden voyage his chest puffs out with pride, While I import Mexicans and Blacks, are taken away., I'm tempted to reflect on our time here, but I know I should wait till we are gone so the fullness of it all can settle in my mind. Right now, I would bitch about the crime and the lack of recycling and the remoteness and loneliness, or things like that. I want to get home and let the negative stuff fade away, as it does, and then I can focus on all the good. There has actually been a lot of good to come out of this crazy year. I would not be who I am today without having spent a year in the Alice, and I know I will always be grateful for this experience., IMAN, Walking by him later in the day, sometimes I ask:, “Okay, I admit that was pretty low, the way you were acting. But punishing Mr. Sanders instead of you? With a stun gun? You don’t think that’s extreme? And how do you know that isn’t just the start? If it works to straighten you out, it might work with the kids that could be doing better. Even if they weren’t slacking off but the instructors thought they should be working harder. You don’t really think we’re all busting our butts to stay at the top, do you?”, * 2.3 million recyclable cups holding water and Gatorade, My aunt JE greeted me and she was not acting annoying to my surprise, I told her that I was supposed to pick up something for my grandfather, and she said that it was some of his clothes that he needed dried in her dryer since his dryer was broken., 7. Write a letter to a poet., Who cares about family legacies/history through photography – and who doesn’t?, "I'm ok Mum." Her legs were weak and her knees were trembling with the effort. She leaned her arms onto the car roof and tried to breathe deep and slow. "Just. Need. To get my. Breath." Her mother came round the car and put an arm round her., Last week I took a nine day trip to the south of Russia with the group of American students studying at my university. We took a 30 hour train ride south to Rostov-on-Don, where I took the opportunity to wade in the Don River and sing the classic Sisqo hit “The Don Song” (let me see that Don-da-don-don-don)., In a large bowl, combine the strawberries with the sugar and stir gently to combine. Cover and set aside to let the strawberries release their juices. I usually put mine in the fridge to chill., I think, this would never happen in any other sort of business., Although I received many books over the holidays I didn't take appropriate photographs, plus there were just so many, that I figured the best bet in discussing what books I had gotten was to start over again in the new year. My first week of mail when I returned home after the holidays was definitely a welcome batch of awesomeness that I look forward to reading., Ramon declined to comment for this article. “I have written and said what I had to say,” she told the Forward., That I don’t belong, car behind their SUV—all while, The vast majority of the squad had spent the day playing a round of golf at East Horton. I was one of the few who don't play. I have never been able to trust myself with a golf club since that day in 1997. I did what I could with the little money I earned from Currys to contribute in some way to Sergei Gotsmanov's dental bills, but the friendship between us was never the same again. It didn't matter, I would probably struggle to walk around the course at present. A niggling calf injury has prevented me from being able to run. I have compensated for the lack of cardio with a punishing regime, including reps of 50 push-ups, performed in the privacy of my bedroom, without any clothes. A push-up is not constituted unless my knob kisses the carpet, which in my books is a more than adequate press-up., The melodies are mostly created on my acoustic guitar. Then I make some kind of a drum loop for the main line. Then record the whole thing using my 4-track & CPU, it's as simple as that., 11. A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it., of waiting forever to post about them, It comes as no surprise that the Obama Administration put out a Statement of Administration Policy saying that President Obama’s senior advisors would recommend that he veto H.R. 5326 (FY2013 Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations bill)..., 1424 FC wickets at 22.28 with 127 five-wicket hauls, We have also been working very hard on our writing! We read all of the Tacky the Penguin books that I could get my hands on, then we wrote about Tacky., 2. When potterish donkeys begin muttering beneath their breath, it's time for the more horticulturally minded mule to find a pair of pruners and start working in Mum's garden. I called it my quiet red mule 'side-step.', Related Video: Fox News: Ron Paul Gaining on Romney, or throw a party while you're at it,, Now take all your worldly knowledge about romantic comedies and throw it out the window because Yankee-kun to Megane-chan is anything but your typical romantic comedy! Called Flunk Punk Rumble in the USA it is the story of Daichi Shinagawa, the school delinquent, and Hana Adachi, the class representative, an unlikely pair that will have you falling out of your chair with laughter as they make new friends, run for student council, and get involved in various sticky situations., 12.- Parents must make the Christian training of their children their own personal duty., *FARM FRESH FRIDAYS- a general themed challenge each Friday, we are going back to our "roots" with this one and will now be doing a "FFF" challenge issued by rotating DT members on Fridays and we have a FABULOUS lineup for you so far! A Rubber Prize will be offered up weekly., The three men were silent for a few moments as Manny navigated the narrow waterway., The doctor was shocked, but agreed to give it a try., This government has been having wardrobe malfunctions from it’s first month in office and it continues. Is like they need a seamstress. But the wardrobe malfunctions have been glaring this week and I want to discuss a few of them., SCHLESSINGER: Black guys use it all the time. Turn on HBO, listen to a black comic, and all you hear is nigger, nigger, nigger., First my lower eyelid was numbed with local anaesthesia. Either I failed to see the size of the needle or the doctor did his best to hide it because at no point was I afraid about an area so close to my eye being lightly perforated. By the time he'd said: "You're about to feel a little prick", he was done. Thus, a wave of optimism caught hold of me. This was going to be just fine. I would be home in time for Gillette Soccer Saturday. How wrong I was. The surgeon set to work and all throughout the process he kept talking to me, giving me encouragement and maintaining my spirits high. My upper eyelid was raised and held all the way back with a small clamp to prevent me from blinking. When it was touched lightly by one of the nurses, my whole body went floppy. I couldn't raise my arms nor move my legs. I'd passed out partially. Drifting in and out of consciousness I kept hearing the doctor and nurses calling out my name. An oxygen mask was placed on my face and a cold flannel on my forehead. My neck was lowered whilst the rest of my body remained flat on the stretcher to get the blood circulating again. My jumper was rolled up, including its sleeves, to allow cool air ventilation. At some point I mustered enough strength to signal to the surgeon and nurses to raise my legs so that the blood could circulate more easily but they couldn't understand what I was trying to communicate. As it was explained to me afterwards, my blood pressure and heart rate had plummeted to dangerous levels., Earrings made of woven bell-flower in peach shade of japanese glass bead, charming czech flower and fire polished beads on a fanciful heart drop charm. This floral earring gives nature’s inspirations a modern update., –dynamic events dynamic enough?, The other thing I enjoy, is how comfortable Bernard seems to be in describing everyday things like the red herrings that the English eat, or how archers are fairly limited to England because of the time and training it takes to master the bow. How things like cannons are starting to roll out here but aren't at their peak yet., Without batting an eyelid, the serviceman turned, stared at the tree and … “Oh, I see it!” he exclaimed., - 1/2 swede (rutabaga) cut into 2.5cm cubes, So if I would’ve known posting about An Hour in A Day yesterday would’ve jinxed me, I probably would’ve waited till next week to join! I should’ve known when I was on the phone before 9 am talking with the Bestie and making yet more appointments., The first time I was in New York I realized, as everyone instantly does, that this was not only a real city, but the real city., “Gentlemen,” he said politely, and ushered Hermel into his private study. Hermel instructed Hornmel to sit quietly and not go anywhere, which the lad agreed to do., With their 33rd-round pick in the First-Year Player Draft on Wednesday, the Texas Rangers selected University of Georgia outfielder Johnathan Taylor, who suffered partial paralysis after injuring his spine in a game on March 6., “I hope so.”, They sell for something like 1800 yen each, but I was able to get them both together for something like 2000 yen off yahoo.jp, Check your email inboxes, you should have received an email from me with your parter information., You fringe dwellers might find this useful., It’s hard to described the novel’s plot or even its genre. I guess if H.G. Wells collaborated with Thomas Pynchon, you might get Angelmaker. It’s another madcap adventure, although rather than war against strange creatures using magic bombs, this one has our heroes (led by the decidedly repressible clock repairman Joshua Joseph Spork) doing battle against technology-obsessed cultists and clockwork bees. Also, there’s an octogenarian badass grandma with an adorably decrepit dog., Ok. When it comes to MS, there really is no simple explanation. It sucks sometimes. This being said, I try to not let it change who I am… Some of the challenges I’m more than willing to share, some I’m not :-p The biggest problem I’ve come to expect is not knowing what to expect. Everyone will have a different experience, and no one will be able to tell the recently diagnosed “ok, so this is what’s going to happen”. All you can do is learn to pay more attention to what your body is telling you., And was I in for a treat! This was my first ever international swap so you can just imagine the excitement. It arrived in a very big box, Because let's face it. Your sister will be awake soon, and then all this meditation on the wonder of new life flies right out the window because I know we are out of goldfish crackers., This is something fairly new. The British have usually been able to manage without a police presence at polling stations, but not anymore. Along with massive postal vote fraud comes intimidation, courtesy of Islam — which does not of course place too much emphasis on democracy and man-made laws., Metro leads the pack with its Sunday edition topping the table and its weekday edition at (3). Rival Malay tabloid Kosmo! places (10) for Sunday edition and (11) for weekday edition., 2. I was an Air Force Brat. :), The game tying goal came at 16:30 from Erik Christensen who was demoted to the fourth line due to his inconsistent play. He took an odd angle shot from just before the left side red line. The unsecured puck trickled in past OTT goalie-Elliot and after a review, the score was tied 3-3 in the third period. The shot was a nice break for the Rangers but it was a smart move to just put the shot on goal when no other play presented itself. Coaches always say - Put the puck on net from any angle. This goal was an example why., Wake Up America! Smell the Coffee, While You are Still Able!, He was there in two shakes of a lamb’s tail, which the lamb didn’t appreciate one bit., Maxwell weighed 9 lbs. 13 ounces., Well I am certainly glad to hear you say that. It appears to me the only real difference from your view and ours, in this area anyway, is where the holy ones will be located when they rule. Since they will be like Christ and with Christ, who is now a life giving spirit, it seems the difference doesn’t amount to much. There are then two destinies or assignments for Christians. One sector, the holy ones, will rule over, judge and perform priestly activities for those of the second resurrection, who will live on earth as humans. At this point then, I am not sure what the real contention is. Would it bother me if the holy ones ruled from earth? No. I just don’t see the Biblical evidence to be in support of that but rather to the contrary. But, from your own words, it appears there are two destinies for Christians, differentiated by either the first resurrection or the “second”., Maybe next summer Oh to feel his kiss, Why then the No vote? One major pointer was that much of the electorate felt ill informed about what Lisbon would mean, and were frustrated by the size, complexity and basic unreadability of the treaty document .The No Lobby attacked this opaqueness effectively, with their most articulate spokesman calling for a constitution like that of the USA as he theatrically binned the Lisbon Treaty document. There were also complaints that Ireland would lose out in terms of influence under the new voting arrangements in the EU’s governing body – the Council (true, but how could Ireland expect to hold its share when other countries were also making compromises to absorb more equitably the new members?)., For the first time, I understood why learning was somewhat easy for me. Why I didn’t have to study as much as others, why I wasn’t fearful of testing. I was a smart girl. The week I returned to high school following testing week, my English teacher had changed my seat in her classroom. I was moved into the first row, into the third seat behind two caucasian girls, and in front of Debbie, another Black student. For the rest of our school years, dependant on our english testing scores and reports, Debbie and I would be shifted accordingly by the veteran english teacher who placed you in her classroom by unit grades. Later, in the 12th grade, I moved into the second seat of Row 1, behind Vivian Crouse. At graduation in 1970, Vivian was the valedictorian of our class. Over the course of time spent in D-1, the Black and white girls somehow determined that we were more alike than unlike. We grew to respect one another. We talked about the methods used for setting us apart by the so-called “educated” professionals in charge. Vivian, Tessie, Debbie, and I became outspoken advocates about prejudice, often voicing and questioning the behaviors we witnessed in the classroom we shared. Younger members of the faculty were more just, more equitable in their treatments of the student body. In my senior year, when Ms. G tried to box me into her list of Black authors for Black student’s choices for senior term paper subjects, I stood my ground once more as I insisted on selecting my author from the first listing she had passed earlier to the “other” students. She acquiesced and asked what writer I had chosen – “Louisa May Alcott”, I replied. I wrote about Little Women, my favorite book, and film. I earned an A+ on the paper, and Ms. G asked if she could keep it. I said “No”. Somehow, I just knew that she wanted to keep it as a souvenir, or a memento of the Black girl who managed to pass and exceed all of her qualification tests., Director : Mario Camerini, So if she had been a non-resident alien on a tourist visa, but she filled out that voter registration paper, they would've given her in-state tuition status., Maxwell Blade’s for a fact., There is a baby in there...seriously, crazy stuff to me! I'm glad she is having kiddos first. I will learn everything I need to know from her ; ), The sun is warm, it’s bright and I’m in a park., AND of course there is a giveaway! Beginning tomorrow you and all your friends can enter to win a PEARL NECKLACE and EARRINGS valued at $450! The winner will be announced on New Year's Day! Pearls - a tangible reminder of God's grace to us all., ‘At WestBow Press, A Division of Thomas Nelson, we help authors self-publish books of all genres, specializing in books with Christian morals, inspirational themes and family values. Whether you have goals of commercial success or simply desire to publish a book for friends and family, WestBow Press can help you create your book in your vision. WestBow Press titles will be regularly reviewed by the parent company. For authors who hope to one day be signed by a traditional publisher, this is an opportunity to get your foot in the door. While there is no guarantee of the number of titles to be signed each year, Thomas Nelson will monitor the WestBow Press catalog for talented authors that rise to the top.’, Hope you like the card and I hope you have a great weekend., The next step is to find a sponsor. I need to find someone who will sign paperwork to lay claim to me and my skills. Without a sponsor I can not apply with the state to practice what I can do. As I no doubtably have said before, I want to work for a specific ambulance company. (The fire department would be my dream employer, but I can make some compromises). The ambulance company I want to work for has the municipal contract and that means that if the call is BLS (basic life support -meaning the ambulance needs only EMT-B level providers), often times the fire department will have them do the transport of patients. If the call is ALS (advanced life support -for more threatening cases meaning at least one paramedic, aka EMT-P will be providers), but in that case, only if the City Fire Department doesn't feel they have the resources or time to do it, or so it seems., 3. Beer For My Horses -- Toby Keith/Willie Nelson, All of you. Every single one of you. Yes, you as well. And the guy who stole my backpack out of the Tate Center back in day? Yeah, you’re forgiven. I love you too. Mrs. Lester, from fourth grade? Yeah, you remember what you said. No problem. It was probably for my own good anyway. And the girl the other day who wouldn’t bag her own groceries, making the rest of us have to wait? It’s cool. You probably just got out of the gym and were tired (good for you, by the way, for working out!)., Don't forget we start a new challenge tomorrow (Tuesday 1st May 2012).., Praise:, My favorite scene takes place early in the novel, in a gas station as Perry and Dex are driving to the lighthouse to shoot the first episode of their ghost hunting show (which is called “Experiment in Terror”). Perry runs into a friend from college and a boy she knew in high school who make her feel like shit. It’s a short scene, but it establishes both Perry and Dex’s characters so well, and gives us a glimpse into the extent of the damage that Perry sustained due to the fact that a large number of people are nasty jerkfaces., A report released yesterday by Princeton University and the Brookings Institution found that the top five chronic childhood conditions that limit typical activities are some type of developmental, behavioral or mental problem., The uniforms, he predicts after a peek, will be better., We are in year 24 out of 25 years since Harmonic Convergence of 1987…. in these times of chaos, our planet has been bombarded with a staggering amount of toxins… much more than the public is aware… consider:, For those of you who travel the Northeast Regional line, which goes through DC, Philadelphia, New York, and Boston, buying the points and redeeming them for travel could save you quite a bit money. The price of a one-way ticket on the Northeast Regional varies significantly based on the distance you travel and the time of day, but as an example, a ticket from New York to Washington, DC, this coming Sunday ranges from $78 if you are willing to take an 8 AM train to $134 if you want to travel in the early afternoon. Tickets on Friday afternoon may be even more expensive., Since the guest room is nearly complete (pictures and a breakdown of what we did to come later this week!), my mind has already moved on to visions of mr p's room. I just love the the endless possibilities decorating children's rooms provides. It is such an amazing outlet to really let yourself get creative and playful, and can also lend itself to a clean and crisp style. That is exactly what I am going to try to achieve for mr p's room - playful and clean (wait, can those things and a five year old really go together??)., - travel to Europe and back, I think I used up all my words. Not last month, but sometime earlier. Sometime last year. Last month I tried to bring them back, but it didn’t work. So this month, it’ll be pictures. And a few words, maybe., He couldn't remember its name all he could remember was its strength. I searched the program but was unable to find it. After a visit to the BSF bar W1, I identified the 15% beer to be Godzilla brewed by Lowells Beer Works USA., which proves us to be the Lord’s., As their dangerous search for the Magister and the truth leads the friends into peril, Tessa learns that when love and lies are mixed, they can corrupt even the purest heart. (goodreads.com), Use for how long: 5 Days’ use., So was the upgrade worth it… well, the changes aren’t world shattering, but it does include a few new potentially handy features. And of course it is always good to keep your software updated. But probably next time I will wait till I have some time to do a completely clean install, to avoid problems I have been experiencing this time., “LEAVE IT THERE! OH! NOT THERE! FUCK!”, 3-4 slices of bacon, Unfortunately, the tradition of being granted a birthday kiss didn't go down so well amongst one of the trio:, STEP AWAY FORM THE CHOCOLATE MOUSSE - NOW!!!!!!!, Then came the hardest part for me. Unfolding the sheets. I never did get mine to look like a circle, but then once I made the first one, I keep doing the same thing. I think if you fold half in one direction and the other half in the opposite, you will have a fuller pom pom., The St. Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra will perform at UC Davis' Mondavi Center in Jackson Hall., Happy Friday! This week, for my Outfit Friday post, I am stepping out of the box again. Continually inspired by Navimie’s exponentially popular Super Hero outfits idea, I have been seeing Super Heroes everywhere! However, instead of another Super Hero for your mogging pleasure, today I would like to introduce you my favorite Faerun couple: Drizzt Do’Urden and Catti-brie!, As a golfer you wouldn’t play in the Masters with six clubs in your bag and I think it’s important to project that we have the full 14 club selection that you need to be a champion; and every day at Sperry Van Ness we are helping our clients and customers not only with their day-to-day real estate requirements, but if they need a club for that special situation, we can pull the right club and strategy out of the bag and help our clients make the shot that they need and the decision process to make the right choice in commercial real estate., Me: Ohhh! Can I start something on fire?, . Subordinates are expected to take the blame for things going wrong., Raising Dragons by Bryan Davis, Made me my very own Claire Bear doll., Are there bigger plans in the future for Cover to Cover? Do I even know what they are?, The Amsale gown with floral notes, the natural setting, the cascading flowers, all weave together to reflect the couple's sweet story. Take a peek at the lovebirds as they celebrate tying the knot in a botanic haven in the Big Apple ..., The bitterness of honesty is better than the sweetness of a lie. To deliver honesty is lot more easier, as it is a word that is given away like a gift to our world and which makes us feel lightened in heart and mind. But a lie spoken is a burden pushed into our world that shall always return to its source for validation by guilt., Interesting, eh?, But on Monday, I loaded the machine, turned it on, shut the utility door and set about making soup with Squirt. At one point I turned round to get some water from the sink...and squealed - water was flooding in under the door., Honey & Chic, After dusting the top with cocoa powder, I decorated the cake with fresh raspberries. Then I let it chill in the fridge for a few hours before unmolding it and adding the finishing touch - a nice red ribbon tied around the outside., Now add the cut red potatoes into the cooking onions and summer squash, keep stirring around so these vegetables do not burn., First, you have to get your white beans cooked. It is good to be prepared. I was relieved, upon seeing still photos of the UC Davis atrocity, that most of the kids turned their faces away from the stream of capsaicin. Be prepared! OK, once your beans are ready (and a little soupiness is fine), stir in a judicious amount of minced ham. Then get out your canning funnel. This thing is a certain Mr. C.'s new favorite gadget., Despite the vast amount of research being conducted each year, there are many different theories and a lot of disagreement on this topic, and it seems that each week brings news of breakthroughs in our understanding. I do believe that there will be clear and widespread understanding of what causes autism in the foreseeable future. Causation of autism isn’t what we’re here to explain today, though. Today, we’re here to explain a bit about what autism is – and what it isn’t., I have two daughters, so I knew I was going to write a heroine. But I wanted the books to have a mythic quality, after all we’re talking about Templars and monsters and archangels. So I based Billi on the mythic heroines like Athene, like Boudica and the Rani of Jhansi, all powerful warriors as well as being female., The race was hard. I thought the only difficult part would be Lover’s Leap, but I was wrong. Right before the race I heard someone say Highway 79 is harder than LL. I couldn’t believe that would be true, but it was. I ran the first 11 minutes straight and then checked my heart rate. It was too high for my liking so I began to walk. You have to listen to your body no matter what your mind wants to do., Here is Ian with some cousins...but not...but whose counting right? These boys have known each other since they were babies. Somewhere I have a picture of the tallest boy holding Ian...too funny!, Der Spiegel in 1958., Is anyone brave enough to bet that they won't all want to move to Britain if they are allowed to join?., The place I want to be more than anything is my home. Even Ju Ju tells me we should move back to Hawaii because she loves food there (LOL) and I can be close to my mom and sisiter. She tells me it's okay to say goodbye to her friends because she knows that's where we are be the happiest... But right now, I take the second best place - Florida.... I'm just not ready to lose what I have come to love. Again. Family is important. No doubt about it. But I'm just not ready to feel the sadness of saying goodbye to all the people I call my friends and famly now. I did that six years ago and I'm too scared to do it again... Am I being selfish? I don't know.., Nothing is permanent except change., In Pandemonium everything has changed completely since Delirium most importantly Lena. At the beginning of the book Lena talks about being reborn in The Wilds and I completely agree with that statement. Lena has evolved completely from the well behaved law abiding citizen she was when we first met her in Delirium and is now strong and hardened after her time in The Wilds. To go along with this new Lena she has a new home in The Wilds and new friends and family too in particular Raven who’s like a mother, sister, best friend and mentor all rolled into one for Lena and who I absolutely loved. Like Lena we leave her old life behind the fence and emerge into a new chapter of her life., A powerful but little-known film, No Retreat from Destiny depicts the events of July, 1864, when Jubal Early’s Confederate force nearly took Washington City, but a delaying action at Monocacy allowed time for Federal troops to defend the capital from invasion. The film features Fritz Klein, a well-known Lincoln actor, as the President, showing the resolve to win the war to the end, and refusing to leave the capital, despite the threat of Confederate invasion. Klein’s portrayal is subdued, but also shows the talent of a man who knows Lincoln inside and out, and gives the film’s best performance. If you have not seen the film, I encourage you to do so. Despite its miniscule $500,000 budget (Which shows at times), the performances and thrilling battle footage more than make up for it., Someone else had a hit with a song called Where Is The Love, didn't they? Was it Black Eyed Peas? Or was it Lisa Stansfield? Or was it both?, Definitely picking the car every time. Plane is a bit more overwhelming since it feels like there's a bunch of people trapped in a case for what feels like a million miles away from earth! And here's the moment where all the anxious-neurotic-soon-to-be-flight-attendants(just like yours truly:P) start panicking and throw tomatoes this way:P Definitely not helping, right?! Well if it makes it a little better it's been proved that plane is the fastest and the most secure transportation method.. so cheers to that:) Better?!:) hi hi Now how about you ladies? How do you prefer traveling: by plane or by car... or maybe time machine?!;) hi hi Feel free to share your choice here with us and find out what other fellow bloggers said too:) Now let's get this party started!, Oh be still my heart! I seriously love newborn sessions so much, and it had been months since I'd done one previously. Not to be all melodramatic, but it felt like coming home :), Part of the theory is simple - the beer is brewed as normal. Before racking, all of the yeast and sediment is extracted from the beer. The beer is then racked, and yeast beads are put in each barrel. So in the barrel is beer, and yeast. The yeast beads are heavy, and therefore the beer is constantly clear - no little particles forming hazy beer are available., Anyhoo, off to the beach tonight, a bridal shower tomorrow and hopefully meeting up with my dear friend Carrie on Sunday morning for breakfast. At this rate, though, I'll be hanging out with my new friend, Irene, instead! Maybe you've heard of her!???, Visit www.befreetolearn.com or call 1-800-345-6644 to purchase your ticket today!, I'm now off to a friends house. I don't think I've posted pictures in a while, so I'll try and get that done soon..., If you think she is behaving badly, be mad. Call her a few names even. But don’t you dare choose names or language that suggest she deserves to be sexually mistreated, subjugated, submissive, or exploited because of her behavior. I think (and perhaps this is an area of conversation) there are names that are inherently threatening and demeaning and, thus, perpetuate violence and violent attitudes, and it’s time we made a moral stand calling to account all who use and/or condone them., NAB booth #SU1802, before the dinner, here are the details i do have for you:, The Tennessee Titans passed up draft needs by selecting Kendall Wright, wide receiver from Baylor at #20. The explosive playmaker was Robert Griffin’s favorite target. At #21 the Patriots traded up to pick up pass rushing monster Chandler Jones from Syracuse. With the #22 pick the Cleveland Browns made their second pick of the round. They added the 4th quarterback in round one, Brandon Weeden of Oklahoma St. At #23 the rising Detroit Lions beefed up their offensive line with the addition of Iowa offensive tackle Reilly Reiff., As an active participant in the Student Veterans Association, Burris helped fellow veterans make the challenging transition from military life to student life., As with all teams the engine specifications are frozen, only the mappings to accommodate the new regulations on on-throttle blown engine maps are allowed. The engine manufacturers suggest this will affect the engines drivability, as these maps pre-existed blow diffusers, and were used to smooth the power delivery and harvesting of KERS energy during braking., Danielle saw him coming and blanched, jumped and darted back away from the window. “Mom!” she called out again., I love them a lot., So, I'm on a mission to find the perfect chairs at the perfect price (dirt cheap) with the perfect fabric (dirt resistant). Stay tuned..., We celebrated by rescuing a dog: Oliver. Of COURSE we did! Moving isn't nearly stressful enough!! I still have a strand or two of hair left, after all., She is the Moderator (List Mom) for an online group called Bear Lovers Club at Yahoo Groups. It is a Rubber Stamping group for all those interested in exchanging stamped Bear cards. :), Is having to wait necessarily a negative thing? Most of the time, it sure feels like it. However, there are circumstances where waiting can be a positive thing. I'm sure part of it has to do with what we're waiting for. We wait when we are trying to learn new things. After all, learning something new doesn't usually happen over night. Teachers give students "wait time" when answering questions. This allows students time to process information prior to responding, giving them more time to think before someone is chosen to answer the question. Additionally, we wait for the right time to meet someone, to marry, to have children, to change careers, to begin new business ventures and adventures as well. In all these instances, waiting is a positive thing., 5oz plain flour, Mutiny on the Bounty, Gallatin Church of Christ, 2) As trust develops, plan outings to determine what your platonic crush uses to substitute sex. Perhaps it’s a myth that a platonic relationship requires a substitute for sex, but it’s at least profitable to know what your potential partner is really looking for, as for many this is uncharted territory. Some of the most desirable sex substitutes in my opinion include cultural activities, travel, enlightened discussion, dance, playing music and reading together. By the way, if you aren’t convinced yet that a platonic relationship is an excellent life choice, consider how these activities can be heightened by the participation of a partner you know and trust., Lily Beth has a Saturday routine which she unconsciously follows without exception. Making a pot of coffee is the first thing she does after arriving at the shop. While the coffee percolates, she searches the shelves for newly arrived merchandise. She is looking for anything of quality and interest. She keeps a notebook in her purse with lists of items her friends, family and other interested parties would be interested in buying. Lily Beth calls the interested party if she finds a match. The item is then set aside. Lily Beth charges a small finders fee if her client purchases the item. The shop's owners are unaware of Lily Beth's side business., The sick proponents of human depopulation and global genocide are surprisingly very vocal and upfront about their views and goals. Robert J. Smith, adjunct environmental scholar at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, explained their perverse mindset and radical worldview in a speech he gave in 2005 at the Ninth Annual National Conference on Private Property Rights called, “The Pleistocene Park Project—Removing Civilization from North America.” He said:, Source : Book -Please Understand Me, David Keirsey, Incidentally, the city and its movies got royally spoofed by Mel Brooks in High Anxiety (1978). The Internet Movie database (IMDb) provides an index of some 1,000 movies with links to San Francisco which you can view here, It's Sunday night, it's around 8:30 pm.. and it's time for a new freebie, and what a cutie he/she is. This one is the first of a couple of cute bears that I have drawn, the second will be along later in the week ahead, so keep an eye open for a new post., — From “Aubade”, by William Empson, Cut the foil wrap into pieces that measure approximately 6.25 inches x 7.00 inches. You can make it bigger if you want, because it gets tough to wrap it if it's small...the larger the better, but within reason. After one or two you will know what I mean about the sizing., Pink Cross Publishing, the same company that published a gay-friendly version of the Koran, stated that they were adding the finishing touches to the newly revised Bible. Mary and Joseph will be replaced by Mary and Josephine, a lesbian couple unable to have children the conventional way, hence the virgin birth of Jesus. All of Jesus’ disciples will be gay except for Judas. In the new Bible, all of the disciples will pair off after the Last Supper with the exception of Judas. Satan will also be straight. The new gay-friendly Bible has yet to be named., I will talk to everyone tomorrow and hopefully will be able to show everyone a picture of my new color. Y’all have a blessed evening!, I have been searching for direction. Answers. I ask. I seek. I ask again. Only to find…peace. Peace that God has a plan. Always has. Always will. The people and situations he has placed in my life are no accident. And your reading this blog is no accident either., After a quick inventory of the men’s backpacks, Xu Guan decided it would be best to vacate the area. In his mind, there would likely be more men on the heels of the recently dead when they didn’t return. Killing four men had not been easy. Xu Guan had no desire to attempt to take on more. Any men who followed the ones now lying on the ground would be more alert and less likely to suffer from the same overconfidence that had ultimately been the undoing of these four men., Instructions: Make card from kraft cardstock and round the bottom corners. Cut a block of pink grid paper, round the bottom corners and adhere. Cut a strip of grey dotted paper, and adhere to the top of the pink grid block. Adhere trims to the top of the paper block. Cut a block of pink lined paper and stamp the sentiment to it. Adhere below the trims, on top of the pink grid paper. Cut the "smile" strip from patterned paper, and adhere to the right of the sentiment. Tie a double bow from pink twine, adhere to the trim and top with a wooden button. Punch confetti pieces from patterned paper, and adhere to the top and bottom in a scattered pattern. Add pink pearls randomly into the confetti to finish., after all of that and just so y'all know, many deleted paragraphs, in the words of the best president we ever had except he was only on tv..., “Watch for the CDS losers to set up some “rogue traders” to take the hit for massive losses.”, By this time, I was shedding a few tears and attempting to control the whimper in my voice. Too much can completely undo a persuasive presentation., We wouldn't want to hear that the head brewer of a highly renowned company had merely sipped the drink before approving it and shipping it out across the world. We want to be sure that he has sat with at least a couple of back to back glasses to fully gauge how the drink's appeal changes over a period of time., How it went: I had a brilliant time. My favourite milongas are always the daytime ones, where I get super-relaxed and happy and dance better. I should have had the wit to pace myself better for Saturday night, but I enjoyed it more and more as I went along and I remember my last dance with a lot of joy, even though I was practically falling over., Glee‘s Amber Riley gave everyone a scare when she collapsed on the red carpet earlier this week. The singing sensation was on the red carpet at the TV Academy of Arts and Sciences to participate in a panel. But don’t stress, the poor girl was just feeling dizzy and the flashes of the paparazzi’s cameras were a bit too much. But luckily, the paps were nice and didn’t take photos of her on the ground, which she thanked them for. Glad she’s OK., The method of dispense is a means to an end. Some styles are enhanced by one particular closure whereas others are worsened. Put a beer in the container that presents it in the best possible way to the drinker. Simple.", When they had done so, they caught such a large number of fish that their nets began to break., In the morning we spend some time around the hotel, where it took us about half an hour to find the Shikras. A female bird was sitting free in a tree and we had plenty of time to observe it. After breakfast we went further to the colony of Blue-cheeked Bea-eaters in Liman. Along the dam to Nerimanabad there were about 2000 White-winged Terns, still migrating birds, among about 5000 Wiskered Terns. There were also some waders, especially along the coast, where we found a single Red-necked Phalarope., one 9 1/4 x 9 1/4 piece for backing, But he really came under the media spotlight in 2003 when he and former transport minister Mac Maharaj openly accused the then director of public prosecutions Bulelani Ngcuka of being an apartheid spy., “But dear,” mother says in a chiding tone, “There’s nothing of interest here. It’s just an empty road.”, and pressed "start"., PS Special thanks this month to, 12 ounces whipped topping, Instead of uniting and putting your energies fully into a prediction occurring, you instead pour all of your energies into proving that the event is either legitimate or a fraud. Those who do not believe the event or prediction is real are in many cases the ones who can cause the most harm to the event’s manifestation., 1/3 cup Light Brown Sugar (packed), So Eno and Fripp fuck lots of groupies, do lots of drugs, invent crazy tape looping machines and create a method of sound manipulation now known as Frippertronics that is so important to the evolution of electronic and ambient music that it, yes, has it's own Wiki page., Needless to say, the two sequels were not written., Kidding aside, the presentation was well done, even if social scientists may have benefited more than the lawyers in the room. The lecture explained well the goals of Project Lantern—decrease child trafficking and increase local capacity to address it going forward., Be back shortly with second card., Don’t forget to head over to the challenge blog and see what colours the rest of the DT picked as their plus one., Anyway, I think I should stop rambling and just let the photos speak for itself. Here’s a couple to start you off with:, Just for a bit of fun, I have plotted the section of the Main North railway that I am modelling between Chilcotts Ck bridge and Pangela in Google Earth. I have also marked the locations of the three crossing loops (signal boxes). The prototype length is 7.1 miles (11.3km)., February 17, 2012 – Friday, CATSCALLION: the wild card. Cats as jokers, popping up in the most unexpected places for no logical narrative purpose other than to introduce a major human character, provide a surreal non-sequitur or screw around with someone's brain. (The Third Man, The Man With Two Brains, Go, La peau douce, La nuit Américaine, The Prestige), Ok, so it's not the tipycal apple strudel, it has vanilla wafer cookies inside (delicious), it was made with puff pastry and I think it was better than the one with phyllo pastry. My mom made it the other day while I was sleeping just the smell of cinnamon woke me up then I went to the kitchen and I saw it already done... that's why I don't have any pictures of the process but she told me how she did it., -9db decrease (as the mixing and combining needs space), Theme: Cake, They would think, “Where did he get his insight? How did he know? Who is this man?” If they had heeded his warning in the first place they would not be in this position. But things were going to get worse; much worse., This is a frightening prospect for a woman of 45. Yet, when I look back on it - I've not contributed so much to my family financially. And at the end of the day, I don't contribute much to the household because I'm exhausted and my husband is exhausted. I haven't been a "keeper at home". I haven't fulfilled my role. Am I surprised at this turn of events?, I'm pretty sure that the boys think their collective name is "Miles and Dexter" or "Dexter and Miles" or even "NO! No!"... I'm not sure that they know that one boy is exclusively dubbed 'Miles' and the other is 'Dexter'. As long as we can get those college applications (crossing fingers they'll even go to college) or even mission papers in right, I'll consider myself a successful parent., For as the reasonable soul and flesh is one man: so God and Man is one Christ;, Then, to reach the next cave he visits, all he has to do is position his body “horizontally between the walls of the cave—sideways—with his feet against one wall and his shoulders against the other, thrusting his muscles to fix himself there.” Then sidle his body to the right. “That’s how you’d pass over the sixty-foot drop in the floor.” (My italics.), The path on the left is a lot different. An archway of dull bare tree limbs, making the path look like a prison. It's dark, and the path itself is full of weeds poking through brick. There is no sound, except for a cricket and maybe a growl, which is kinda scary. Wait. I hear a wolf howling too. The sign above the path is worn and the edges of the wood is stained with mold. It reads--Rejection., I think the Victorian aspect and also cinematography in general are nice. In terms of how bad... In my opinion the acting is truly terrible, the story is unoriginal, and it's quite cheesy too.... But hey it wasn't so bad that I ran out (although I did sneak out for an extended ice-cream break) Scott is a huge John Cusack fan and I write a neo-Victorian blog, so despite the bad reviews and general misgivings we settled in for 111 minutes of an Edgar Allan Poe-inspired horror film., So I haven’t been writing anything in a while. You can blame my college professors who think it’s humorous to make us lowly undergraduate students suffer through midterms. And papers. And presentations. And quizzes. I say to all of you, screw you to the umpteenth degree., And let's face it, if it was OUR book, I think we'd all appreciate a little painless good deed by strangers., “If someone works with a machete for numerous hours in 40-degree weather and doesn’t hydrate well, that does more damage to the kidneys than using herbicides,” Costa Rican physician José Manuel Cerdas, a kidney expert, told Spain’s El País., And I am so exhausted., Than all the prouder summer-blooms may be., (6) Kid's Cuisine TV dinners, OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies (2006) – So I don’t know if you all got this from my review, my best of 2011 list, or my Oscar article but I really enjoyed the hell out of The Artist. The loving tribute to and recreation of a bygone style of film-making really just got me in the right way. It turns out that Academy Award-winning director Michel Hazanavicius and star Jean Dujardin are not new to the retro genre pastiche. OSS 117 is a French superspy character created back in the late 1940s (predating James Bond) an made into a series of films in the 1950s and 60s. I’ve never seen them but they’re pretty straightforward 1950s/60s spy films. Hazanavicius has a bit more comedic take on the property…, Ceri Radford grew up in Swansea, studied English literature and French at Cambridge and started her career with Reuters. She has since written about books, TV, culture, society, male strippers and many other things besides for publications including The Daily Telegraph, the Times Literary Supplement, and Red Magazine. She currently lives, confusingly, very close to Geneva, but in France., Because it’s a little late in the day (and I really need to finish up a client manuscript read), let’s start with something simple., I thought it was time to bring back my monthly mini candy. I have been so busy setting up the shop and jewellery making lessons as well as my cards lessons and my "real"job I have neglected this bit of fun for my followers, “He was so anxious, he couldn’t stand to sit next to you and hear you breathe,” DeBow remembers. A talented filmmaker, Ryan turned the lens on himself to record heartbreaking video of his own sleeplessness, his own irrational behavior — even his own mock suicide., The political impasse in Washington, DC was never more clear than in the back to back statements by President Obama and Speaker of the House Boehner. It may well be that more centrist Democrats and Republicans could find common ground except for the GOP's Tea Party-elected candidates who have drawn the line at any tax increases. While it may be an economic crisis that is ungovernable, or a perfect storm of economic and political crises, the perception continues that their is a leadership crisis and that President Obama is unable to get plus political Now Andrew Malcolm in the LA Times reports that the President's Democratic Liberal base has crumbled. It would appear this has resulted from disaffection over the administration's failure to create jobs and the hundreds of billions given to corporations as part of the financial bail out that haven't delivered any results except for executives at the highest levels. More from Malcolm and the Pew Research Poll here Left stalwarts such as Sen. Bernie Sanders from Vermont are calling for the President to stand for a primary challenge: "I think it would be a good idea if President Obama faced some primary opposition.", You are a trap at the end of me, Sharks save swimmers, according to Jonathan Lethem. How? Because after a shark attack, the number of drowning deaths decreases for a few years., As a side note, Jenny is a slower reader while I am an avid reader., The increase “reflects higher rates across all property and casualty lines of business, and growth in property and Liberty Mutual Reinsurance,” Liberty Mutual says., Knotts Berry Farm, Under two bucks at the Great Exchange, There is a distinct possibility of Mallinson's Chinook. Well it came on last night according to Twitter and there will be some left won't there? No negative vibes please., “Someone once asked William Barclay how he had become such a prolific writer. The key, he said, is learning to apply the seat of your pants to the seat of your chair., 1. Preheat your oven to 375 (350@SL), prepare cupcake tin., She’s been Slated., Translation to Washington-speak: "The analysis is seriously flawed and does not take into consideration many important factors.", Also, it is disturbing to me that a sitting appellate judge all-but-admits that he can't be bothered to look into the putative benefits of software patents and instead engages in some haughty analysis why patent law shouldn't accept new technologies into its domain (if one still considers software a "new" technology). His views are not tempered by any legal findings or analysis, but seem grounded in the metaphysical concept that computer programming is not "science.", There’s a Subaru commercial where the guy says, “I LOVED my first car. Then I didn’t.”, In my other, much more glamorous life, I am an urban dweller, living in a converted Leather District loft in Boston. And in that life, this vintage bus route sign would look amazing against a white, modern backdrop., My over active imagination also went to work leaving me giggling like a fool all the way round the shop thinking about the elderly charity shop helpers getting in on the action., When Wagstaff arrived, he found a home empty of servants apart from a maid, who gave him directions to the Contessa’s bedchamber before leaving herself. On arriving, he found that both the door and the Contessa were wide open. As the latter sprawled naked on her bed, arching her back like a pussycat about to be stroked, she addressed her guest as follows:, “What’s that mean? Playing pool? Video games?”, Happy crafting and thanks for coming by ¢, I have basically just swatched these lipsticks onto my arm, taken a quick picture and wiped everything off... of course someone walked in the door while I was scrubbing and scrubbing, can you never have a moment of peace and quiet at work?!?, Traditionally green and black cardamom are also used., yesh' mememememe gud dug hamish has great news tell friyday, golden locks bound in Gillikin braids, Our journey through the Twelve Steps will bring about a spiritual experience of the same nature, only more profound and lasting. We undergo a continual process of ego-deflation, while at the same time we become more conscious of the larger perspective. Our view of the world expands to the point where we no longer possess an exaggerated sense of our own importance., Paterson’s introduction to Elliott Carter’s Triple Duo presented the arresting image of a cocktail party, at which conversations between three pairs of people, more or less independent of each other and yet with some knowledge of and some reaction to the other conversations, finally closing with a conversation involving all six. Spatial separation between the three pairs heightened that way in for the listener; Carter may or may not approve, but there will always be other performances that do not adopt the experiment. It certainly offered clarity as well as visualisation for the first-time listener, so that the different varieties of ‘conversation’ – in rhythmic terms, triplets for flute and clarinet, twos and fours for violin and cello, slightly more elliptical groups of five for piano and percussion – might be more readily identified than would otherwise necessarily be the case. That in turn enabled one’s ear to devote a little more attention to the crucial intervallic characteristics of the different ‘conversations’ and eventually to the nature and implications of their combination. Again rhythmic exactitude proved fundamental to the success of the performance, permitting one to delight in the almost Haydnesque sense of invention Carter typically brings to his material. Perhaps surprising is the frankly lyrical quality of some of his writing, heightened again in performance., And the whole beach was filled with these ppl. I mean, I’m really okay with the ones that comes to the beach to play. But sooo not okay if they do nonsense like this!, “Onset of adolescence, and all that,” the Pred mused aloud., It’s those sleepy, cute mornings when he shuffles along the corridor, rubbing his eyes and seeming, just for a moment or two, like any other child. It’s the occasional calmness and the moments of good, lucid behaviour. It’s having him sit with you on a sunny August morning when you’re upset for no really good reason, and having him do nothing except cuddle and help you cry. It’s the unplanned moments, the buns in cafes, the treats from charity shops, the computer game displays in department stores. It’s an unscheduled sit-in during the evening’s Doctor Who session. It’s watching him run away from crashing surf, screaming with laughter. It’s the grin when he dressed up at the Roald Dahl museum. It’s watching progress, and applauding milestones. It’s the long but steady climb uphill., But everything changes for her one day when she "meets" James. She is changed irreversibly!, 175 2. Introduction of Malcolm P. Sharp, for “Gambling on Amity.” Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, May 1, 1981, p. 1. (Preferred title: “The Universe Has Its Good and Friendly Features.”), Neil Young, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, Fred's Got Slacks (2005), the cross boards at the very top and bottom. Then to give a 'barn door' look, I added a center, Re challenges, if I can I'll link up later, About the Book:The Guardian Duke is award-winning novelist Jamie Carie’s most exciting story yet, a uniquely arranged Regency-era romantic adventure where hero and heroine know each other through written letters but have yet to meet., My mystic encounter with Mister Walling across the hilltops on Christmas Day had left me with the idea that my thoughts could have power, and I decided that the animals were safe., I read that the rocks on the tombstones are a Jewish way of paying respect. And, when I looked at the stones I'd taken photos of, they do have the Star of David on them, though I also saw one with a cross., Substantial if not overwhelming crowds--well over 100 people--lined up for Nets' merchandise outside Modell's (below right photo) and on the Atlantic Terminal plaza (bottom video) to buy season tickets--before either of the lines actually moved. (The line at Modell's was goosed by the promise of ticket vouchers for the first 100 people to the opening game next season, as noted in the Daily News.), I am so excited for wedding season! We have my sister, three cousins, and a family friend are all getting married this year! The wedding festivities begin this month with one of the two bachelorette parties I've planned for my sister. Her first party is a trip to Catalina Island with her bridesmaids. We are going to have so much fun!, One good way to shift those feelings and get yourself back to a place where you can begin to work on the actual actions you need to take to change something in your life, is by getting physical. Call it exercise, call it movement . . . (More), A mountain range we had to pass through to get to the other side., the tallest juniper adorned, Oh, and by the way, I received the appointment letter last Thursday. I worked on Friday. My appointment was for Tuesday at 9AM. The letter told me all kinds of new things that I had to bring to the appointment. All of them were different than the original list that was given to me by the prefecture. You know those 15E and 55E timbres? Well, I didn't need ONE of each. I needed NINE 15E stamps and THREE 55E stamps. That would be 300 Euros in stamps. Oh and I also needed a chest X-Ray and records of all my vaccinations and hospitalizations. I had Monday to make all of this happen., This weekend I watched on, as my Beloveds youngest sibling, got married., Even now, i want my dream body. Resembling that of a KING or XXL model, you know..the big boobs, round butt, etc., brother and sister anymore,, May 15 - 21 - Rick Bluteau, Okay, enough prelim. We slid up through the Adirondacks (sedately; I've discovered the zen of mileage, and got 43 mpg over the whole trip (I think Jack was somewhat chagrined by the calmness of my driving)), smoothed down onto the flats outside of Plattsburgh, and just before the border, yes, I did realize that my cell plan was stupid expensive in Canada, and called my family and asked them to only call me for emergencies (something Jack would twist cruelly at every occasion into "He told his family to stop calling him."). Onward to the border, only..., The whole purpose of this exoskeleton is to “ease a soldier’s load by temporarily turning him into a robot”. Am I the only one who sees a problem with that sentence?, And it begins in the home as children and carried through to school, too. Some of my oldest memories of childhood include the yearly Valentine exchange in the elementary classroom., In order to keep up with wire products demand, a wire drawing facility was built in 1980 within 3 miles of the main Franklin Park plant. This plant draws wire for threaded rod, u-bolts, eyebolts and various other wire forms, including special products requested by customers. All the wire drawing/forming is done here using exclusively USA made steel., After a calm and civilized cup of tea (“you’ll be a while yet,” reassured the mid-wife on the phone who was later proven wrong) we picked up my bag and left. As we drove away, I could see the silhouette of my Mum and Dad who were visiting us from Australia, kneeling on their bed like kids, looking out the window., And now for a bloggieversary prize drawing!, I know what gives me sweet slow release, ‘Colstouneslope’ is Cauldstane Slap, a pass across the Pentland Hills. It lies exactly on the boundary between Mid Calder parish in Edinburghshire and Linton parish in Peeblesshire. ‘Cairnhill’ refers to East and West Cairnhill, which are the hills on each side of Cauldstane Slap and mark the line of the shire boundary., This is may-blossom, in other words, hawthorn and this is a particularly fine pink specimen. Since Beltane is linking to dancing and fertility rituals, the heavenly scent and blush-tinged appearance of the blossom contribute to the theme. (Incidentally "cast ne'er a clout till May be out" means "don't shed any clothes till the hawthorn is in bloom" not, as a schoolfriend of mine thought, "don't hit anyone till the beginning of June." I think this year that the real advice of the saying is good, at least in the UK)., Last week I ate bream. It was the best most enjoyable piece of fish I’ve eaten in an age. If fish is served in heaven if will be like this: perfectly cooked, gorgeously moist, delicate and melting in the mouth with a really crispy skin served on a risotto and something green…, I'm sure it's obvious by now that I'm not blessed with the ability to focus on too many things at once. I'm so easily distracted that for the last year I've had to force myself to focus purely on completing my education - and I have wanted to give up oh so many times!, - an amazing scented candles from Bright Sun Candles,, The result of that trauma is that I only go to the dentist when the pain is so bad it outweighs my fear…like today., And that, Anticipating... August. Duh. 104 days left till I get to skip down the aisle and marry my best friend and end our 5 year long distance relationship and move to my favorite state in the world with him., “Son,” I tell him, “every dish has a story to tell and that is what makes it so colourful and so full of flavour.” It might not have the ‘hype’ or ‘hipster’ trendiness to it but what’s amazing is that I see these kids wanting their vegan food and vegan cafes and chai lattes and I think, “Great! That’s the sort of food that is in my blood.”, Kimbolton School has murals by Pellegrini. They give a sense of grandeur and seriousness and create a suitable frame of mind for study., Parents are welcome to attend on any of these evenings. To request special assistance or accommodations, please contact Pam Cooley at 905 631-6120 ext 323 to make the appropriate arrangements., All writers adopt a voice - a public voice, a literary voice, a this-is-all-I-will reveal voice, a this-is-how-I-want-you-to-see-me voice. It's our prerogative - even our necessity. It makes the book an artefact, a creation, rather than an extension of ourselves. If I hear Joanne speaking the words into my head, the artefactness of the book is lost. It's easy to be deceived into thinking it's pure Joanne (whatever that is)., Bir az aci= This will hurt a little, C&H Save $1/1 2lb Light (5/20), ‘The Country Wife‘ has a main plot and a sub plot. The former is centered on a gentleman named Horner, who pretends to be an eunuch so that he can gain the trust of the husbands who would then allow their wives to spend time with him. A rich middle class man, Sir Jasper Fidget, falls for this ruse and allows him to enjoy the company of his wife, Lady Fidget and daughter, Miss Dainty Fidget. He also falls for a town gentleman’s wife, Margery Pinchwife when he sees her in the theater. Her husband, Mr. Pinchwife only married her because he could not keep a ‘whore’ to himself and felt that the country wife would not cheat on him because of her innocence and naivete. Yet he is wholly jealous of her and keeps her restricted and even locked up so that she won’t cheat on him. Margery is thus the titular character of the play. The play then goes on as to how Horner makes a ‘cuckold’ of all the husbands because of his stratagem. This is interspersed with the sub plot that basically deals with Harcourt and Alithea’s (Mr. Pinchwife’s sister) love. The two plots are in stark contrast to each other. The former is all about cheating on one’s wives and husbands and the latter extolls true love. In the end, it is Harcourt and Alithea’s relationship that is a right example of how love should be treated., How does one get up and move on, Passed away on September 3, 2005., april.24: i saw a preview for the film The Sound of My Voice and i…, Do you want to be an actor or do you want to be an extra on tv, movies and film? Are you a casting director seeking people to be an extra or be an actor in your movie, film or television show?, The only real way for healing and growth to take place is by sharing the unadulterated, un-’created’ truth. Allowing a child to build fantasies based on a fabricated tale of love and loss by birth parents is misleading and deceitful. And the ramifications could be enduring., 500ml water, High Fantasy has its basis a kind of idealized society, and most High Fantasy plots revolve around a threat to that society. One or more of its members, often the lowliest must face up to the threat and return the world to its natural state. (You’ll noted that this is a good capsule summary of LOTR). The threat is usually personified evil in the form of a sorcerer, warlord, or unchained demon. High Fantasy allows a lot of scope to explore character and relationships., I was not impressed. I know BHF is a charity, but they still offer a service and you’ve gotta provide a good one. People can’t just sit around the house all morning waiting around on you, and if you’ve said you’re picking it up at 9 you better be there at 9 or 9:15 at the latest. Any later than that, at least have the decency to call ahead., I got upset about my Livescribe and so they thought it was funny and gave me more of that. I'm ignoring it. The kids who love me will tell me eventually, they always do., I went through2 1/2 weeks of searching for them on craigslist. The girls got to draw (fabric markers) on their own pea pillow., About 35% of households have DVRs. If they're time shifting 5% of the time, then the total amount of programming being time shifted is 1.7% (5% of 35%.) If they skip ads while time shifting 70% of the time, then the total percent of spots being missed is 1.2% (70% of 1.7%.), “I was busy, I had little choice in the matter<U+2015>“ Ramiel cut him off with a wave of his hand., I hate doing nothing, I have never been good at it. I actually err on the side of offending, because I hate feeling helpless., Is that what you thought of, when you thought of wolves?, choked a juke bird with froth glass ferns, The school library provides information and ideas that are fundamental to functioning successfully in today’s information and knowledge-based society. The school library equips students with life-long learning skills and develops the imagination, enabling them to live as responsible citizens., It always sounds archaic when Labor staffers refer to the Coalition as Tories, but behind the scenes the ideological divide between the parties is real enough. It is a debate about how equal our society should be and whether we should redistribute wealth to achieve it., “The first principle of value that we need to rediscover is this: that all reality hinges on moral foundations.” In other words, that this is a moral universe, and that there are moral laws of the universe just as abiding as the physical laws. I’m not so sure we all believe that., Ever hear of him?, long, marvelous eyelash., A grin took over my face. “I killed a beast. By myself.”, Looking back on all the stuff I’ve done so far, I must say I’m incredibly proud of myself. I had no idea I was capable of being so creative. Each and every one of these projects was the result of hard work and determination and I am just elated that I can say that I created them. I really think that it’s hard to be this creative all the time, but when you really force yourself to think out of the box and you make up your mind to do what is asked of you, it really is possible. I know I probably could have done them more on time and with better quality, but there’s always room for improvement. I just hope when you, my audience and peers, see these projects, Kleenex as a brand really does jump out at you, more that the quality of the product. That is the idea behind all of this; Kleenex., I hopped in the shower, and got ready for counseling. CPT was coming home to pick me up. And, we were late, of course. Bless his heart. hehe :) We were not on the best speaking terms, too., This movement of Nonadanga has brought to the forefront the demands related to the condition of schools, hospitals, and drinking water along with the general developmental needs of the entire Nonadanga region. Nonadanga’s movement has brought to the forefront the demands – of the slumdwellers, hawkers and small shop owners – for the right to livelihood and right to shelter of those evicted from the fringes of Kolkata. Nonadanga’s movement has challenged the much-touted plan of converting Kolkata to London; it has put a big question mark on the pro-poor image of the government of “Ma-Mati-Manush”., Yay for ninja skills!, On Wednesday the committee cleared a bill for House vote that would repeal bailout fund requirements under Dodd-Frank and tether the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to congressional appropriations., So obviously you don't want to have your players completely dominated by the invasion, but you don't want them to easily stop it either. You have two easy options. The first is scaled encounters with mixed monsters and monsters with character levels. Most everybody is doing this now, so it shouldn't be anything new, especially if you are running a 3.X, Pathfinder or 4.X edition game. The second option is totally on the players to achieve - the ability and willingness to retreat. Yes, your players need to be able to recognize when to run away so that they live to fight another day. I have personally had very mixed results with this option, both as a player and as a DM. The last party I DM'd for was split on retreating with a couple of party members running away and the rest staying and dying, it created some hard feelings and helped lead to a split in the group. As a player, I never ran from a fight until I played Hackmaster, then we ran on a regular basis, yes, we lost honor and a little loyalty from our henchmen, but we lived and eventually succeeded., It was almost like they weren’t sure how big this was going to get and got caught a little surprised. Perhaps the conversation sounded a little bit like, this is getting out of control. That’s great what can we give them next., Nightmares: they are scary and disturbing, often about neglect or lack of preparation, I miss my alarm, show up without shoes. My wife might dream that she forgets to feed the peanut or leaves him somewhere… I actually have often had similar baby-neglect dreams over the years, but have pleasantly discovered that most of the time, they get fed and have never been seriously misplaced., There are reasons that we have high drop out rates. These are some of them. We feel abandoned and disdained., I was 14..., Of connection, come now with new protection, keep me color Orange and safe, let, “See that ship in the distance?” he asked., “We will continue to ensure that we take in immigrants who are of good quality and able to integrate well into our society.”, Thank you for sending an autographed baseball to my daughter, Margaret, following the death of her brother, Jack. I was so surprised when Heather brought the ball to Margaret because Jack loved the Yankees and was a big fan of yours, as am I., There is a singular, overwhelming downside to traveling alone. Yes, gas is expensive, but money is just an adult version of the most ancient of children’s games, “pretend.” Loneliness could be an issue for some, but I’m an introvert at heart and most at ease with a book or something to write with. No, in fact, people are the problem, not the lack thereof., We get pleasure from small things in this house so when YS went to the toilet this morning he was very excited to find..., Add white wine, stirring, The lawsuit describes the alleged chronology of events: Willis explained the administrators’ suspicions by saying "you people don’t score that high." Although no other evidence of cheating was produced, the administrators demanded the women return their test scores and re-take the two-hour test. Jackson-Burch refused and got in her car but Johnson used her body to block the car from leaving. The administrators called 911., He whispered, “Find a music station on the radio. Something a kid would like.” The officer was more attentive of Charlotte’s presence than John had been. “Charlotte?” he asked., chanced to be told off for the sea, he would not have been the last man, Guitar learning has been really an empowering experience for me and helped me overcome depression. I’m no Steve Vai, Joe Satriani, Yngwie or any virtuoso to advice but guys don’t let the passion within you die. I might be oversaying it but I feel, The Death of Your Passion is annihilation of your existence. And as James Hetfield said a lifechanging quote for me, “Dream Big and Dare to Fail!” cherish your dreams, passion. Let the voice of true you become stronger and stronger., I've been suffering from a lack of wind. In my tyre. It keeps, unpredictably, deflating. A week or so ago, I had it fixed. Or so the man said when he took my money. Days can go by when it's perfectly okay, then another day, I'll come out of work and find the tyre almost flat., EMAIL: olubolaadeleye@yahoo.com., “Not that we haven’t grayshirted, or talked to guys about grayshirting,” Richt added. “If you tell five of those guys ‘Hey we’ve got 20 spaces. I can sign 25. There’s a good chance that by school starts there’ll be room for you, because of the attrition that happens every year everywhere you go. If there’s space for you, you come in with your class. If there’s not space for you, are you willing to come in in January? …, It was the space invaders meets underwater world. Everything was shiny chrome or white, but there were lanterns in the shape of octopus and squid suspended from the ceiling. There was also a preponderance of really young, probably filthy rich, Chinese kids. Most of them couldn’t have been more than 17. And everyone was drinking whisky green tea served with a platter of artfully arranged sliced fruit. Love it. The service, however, was slow. The staff don’t really speak very much English, so it was difficult ordering a gin&tonic and a vodka martini, and it all took aaaaaaaaages to come., Yep -typical unoriginal Hollywood movies, with the standard boilerplate insults against faithful Catholics, who are portrayed as petty and small-minded, while offering heart-warming sympathy towards those who flip off the Church. As Wilson states, the movie has a predictable conclusion as well – that Turner’s character realizes how wrong she was in trying to change her family. Which is a truism – we don’t have the power to change anyone. But the apparent message is: Catholics don’t love people for who they are; they only judge people on what they do. Well, some individual Catholics do act that way, but it’s not what the Church teaches. It’s not an either/or situation. As Catholics, we are called to love everyone precisely because of who they are – made in the image and likeness of God – and we are called to, yes, judge actions as either being sinful or not. That doesn’t give us license to act like jerks, or become self-righteous – because all of us are sinners. I suspect Turner’s character will be portrayed as being perfect and without sin – after all, she’s been nominated as Catholic Of The Year! - except by movie’s end, she’ll have an epiphany that her Big Sin was the sin of intolerance., So many dates of loss, anniversaries, birthdays, burial dates, etc., To cook quinoa, use twice as much water as quinoa. Bring the water and quinoa to a boil, then cover and reduce heat to low. Cook for 15-20 minutes. When it is done, you will see the little rings start to separate from the grains., Come take a ride jump in (Satan is enticing her to give in), Again, I’ve just begun working on what Mr. Licata told me and I’ll post more later but if its true, it would make a great book: corrupt lawyers, bribed judges and completely crooked bankers engaging in mortgage fraud and outright theft. Real estate slows down from about the end of May and won’t really resume until September so maybe I’ll devote some of that free time to writing this up – it’s got the ingredients for a great tale., At about the same time, a record "Got My Mojo Working", sung by Muddy Waters, was issued by Chess Records. This also was referred to as a "sleeper of the week" in the same April 20, 1957 edition of Cashbox. Rabinowitz learned of the Muddy Waters rendition within two or so days after samples of the Ann Cole record had been released to distributors., If I could change the formative years, the first eighteen years of my life with a wizard's wand, I would rid it of ninety percent of the adults I knew and could not trust, including my parents, especially my parents, in which case I would be an entirely different person sitting here, maybe for better, maybe for worse, but in any event a stranger who couldn’t answer this question because I wouldn’t know Who I Would Be., Repeat tests yesterday brought relief from the worry. The viral something seems to have come and almost gone without having caused any disturbance., Clouds shrouded the Guanacaste skies for several days prior to the Solstice Eclipse. Surely the drizzle would cease, and the skies would clear?, SIGNED! You signed "more" for the first time! I've also seen you do "milk" and I'm pretty sure "all done". My brilliant boy!, Happy Easter, my friends!, With this template being free of charge we do not provide the photoshop file to edit any parts your self, just the template, and coding. If you would like to receive the photoshop file a fee of L5 must be paid., Losing belly fat improves blood vessels It pays to lose your belly fat. "Being overweight increases the risk of cardiovascular disease, especially if the fat is accumulated in the belly above the waist," says Kerry Stewart of Johns Hopkins University., ______________________________, The pieces are moved:, I really couldn't pull these colours together using paper/ink, soooo..., What it does explore, however, and explores well, is that combination of fascination and revulsion towards physical violence and sexuality, and how strangely fluid the two can be. Alfredson’s calmer, meatier direction helps draw this out. Towards the start of …Played With Fire there’s a strikingly carnal, bracingly tender interlude between Lisbeth and Miriam, and unlike in the first film, Lisbeth’s bisexuality isn’t just a throwaway gag but a part of her complex identity, and Rapace gets to show at several junctures throughout the film, including here, an edge of befuddled vulnerability to Lisbeth, rather than simple, alien fanaticism. One seemingly off-hand scene carries enormous weight, in which Lisbeth decides to grant Blomkvist access to her apartment via remote control, a metaphorical access into her life she’s never allowed anyone. The film pulls off one nice moment of ironic brutality, as Lisbeth bests two seamy bikers employed by Niedermann, and is next glimpsed riding down the highway, having appropriated one defeated foe’s bike and apparel, in her element as a highway-cruising bad-ass and wearing her enemies’ apparel like a Greek warrior. It’s a brief interlude of liberation for Lisbeth, in between flashback nightmares and her final passion and resurrection where she actively conflates Christ-like parallels with Viking myth. As storytelling, the Millennium series is barely choate and often clumsy; as neo-mythology, it’s something much more, By: Kevin Thurman, Remove all those things you know you should not be having from your pantry and around the house. I don’t know about you, but if I know I have a bag of chips in the cupboard somewhere, I can always find a reason to eat it even if I am not hungry. This is especially true early on when you are starting a diet and your mind & body starts craving all kinds of things; it can be very challenging to say no. So I just remove the temptation to avoid being tempted in the first place. Think about which is easier: grabbing something from the cupboard or having to drive to your nearest store to get it?, The difference between this year and years before is that I have required Eli and Brynne to read each of their books themselves instead of me reading them to them! She has read 22 books so far. Her goal is to read 60 books by the end of the summer. There's no doubt she can do it., Men's 5000 - Bekele easy in 12:56.24 for the world lead. Top 6 under 13 minutes. Makes sub 13 look like a walk in the park., Kayla, Nicole, Mouse & Briana are genetically altered teenage girls that have one purpose: to be the perfect soldiers. When they are not working in the outside world, they are imprisoned in the lab and get tested and experimented. When an escape seemed possible, they took it but Kayla was not prepared for the secrets and truths behind The Sphinx Project., Mr Bell talked down claims that the show’s popularity may suffer with a new Doctor., Israel and Lebanon are technically at war but military officers from the two sides meet regularly under the auspices of UNIFIL to co-ordinate security along their joint border., Everything you could possibly want to know about Assistant is after the break…, Oh, and when I went to hang it up last night around 10pm (you know, mere moments after I blistered my thumb knuckle with the metal barrel of my glue gun), I found this not-so-welcome friend greeting me by the front door. I promptly slammed the door and kindly requested that Jason come all the way upstairs from playing a PS3 game to get it for me., I was giggling and having fun in no time. Meanwhile, husband was huffing and puffing and doing all the work... whoops! I guess I didn't learn so much afterall... except that I make awesome shadow puppets., “There’s no money, is there?” I say., We must rediscover the power of ridicule, the lampoon brought down the Bourbon kings and the Romanov tzars. In our own time, mockery became Sarah Palin's greatest liability, but it, could have done the same to Obama had the Right known how to deploy it, sadly we didn't., Most of my aprons seem to be half-length despite the fact that I am a chronically messy person. Put me in a kitchen and I will come out covered in something. If I were practical, I would make an apron that came up to my collar bone, down to my ankles, and had long sleeves attached. But, who wants to be practical?, window boxes full of flowers, Did you know that a survey was done on why young people leave the church and one of the top 6 reasons for young people leaving the church is because “Christians demonize everything outside of the church“, check out the other 6, it’s quite interesting!, and played play-doh., But, most controversially, he is the first Tory chairman to be given office space in 10 Downing Street., Freedom to eat when hungry, sleep when tired, use the bathroom as needed without permission., Relationships are more complex that “just” feelings or emotion. They are complex down to the core of our souls, and Katniss and Peeta capture that beautifully., Simple and elegant is really hard to do. All the reviews of the new Steve Jobs biography mention his insistence on clean, simple and intuitive. Query letters are like that too: simply tell us who the main character is, what problem s/he faces, and what's at stake. It's harder than it sounds, of course, but you've still got to do it., See this excerpt:, winner all by myself. The lucky, by Kay Rice, alone on the river, where the villains known as The Smokers, attack the main atoll that is one exquisitly well orchestrated action sequence! It includes hundreds of extras, jet skis jumping in the air, explosions, boats, machine guns, they even had planes flying all over the place! They certainly pulled out all stops on that one. Normally, we as an audience just think “wow, cool stuff!” but sometimes we don’t even think about all the hard work and logistics that go into organizing a scene like that one. To complicate matters, everything was literally shot in the ocean; a, About Robert P. DesJardins, Sam Lipsyte’s The Ask is the book of the week. Found this one from some recent online reviews and thought I would use it to break up the non-fiction rampage I have been on. The Ask is written smartly; Lipsyte is adept with the turn-of-the-phrase. It’s dark–as the major newspaper reviews note, “loss” is the predominant theme. And the relationships described could lead to many levels of analysis. Lipsyte is known for his comedy. Indeed, this book has some great one-liners., Let it be known that EVERY single fact I have published about you in this posting and elsewhere on my various blogs is true and correct in every material detail., Humble? Huh? Well look at all these books that are about “self-help” and “seven ways to living effectively” or whatever other nonsense is out there… how arrogant!, We don't see the person before......., It is also important to point out that not all transsexual male to female play an active role sexually with their male genitalia. In fact, many transsexuals do plan to have complete SRS (sexual reassignment surgery) at some point in their lives. Men should not approach transsexuals with the expectation that they will always have another penis in the relationship. Transsexuality is not a sexual fetish, but a gendor dismorphic disorder that stems from before birth. That is not to say that being transgender is a “bad” thing or mental illness, it simply is a fact of life which has not yet been fully embraced by most civilized countries., Indeed not only did McCombes willingly hide this “hypocrisy” from other members of his party as well as the SSP voters in the Scottish election of 2003, but he was happy to do so in such a way that his relationship with Sheridan was never strained. This is difficult to believe., This room is not completed, but I could not wait to show you guys a peek of what I did yesterday. I showed you the stencil that I was making, which is inspired by Quadrilles Wildflowers II fabric., In four of the five places the word is used as an adjective modifying “Son,” and in one of these (1:18) the Son is said to be “in the bosom of the Father.” In the one place where it occurs as a substantive (1:14), it is followed by the prepositional phrase “from the Father,” which implies sonship. And so we see that in every occurrence John is using the word as a biological metaphor, in which Christ is the “Only Begotten Son” of the Father., Aug. 5, 2010, The main tools I use are:, Even for Jess and Ella, our ‘research’ was entertaining and informative. We would have been a lot more naive if not for our discoveries through our research. Information not readily available became ours. We were better for it. We didn’t always like what we discovered but we prefer to know the truth. Jess may have fallen for Ramon’s lies hook, line and sinker if not for our research., The Bad News: While I was there, they again found blood in my urine. I need to learn to stop pee’ing in the cage. I was also so stressed that I pooped as well, which they said was runny. This is odd, because at home I’ve bee pretty darned normal. When they spoke to my Mom, they said they wanted to rule out kidney or bladder stones, so they did some x-rays on my belly. These came back negative. The vet said that they could not do an accurate test of my urine to see if I had a UTI again because I would still have the antibiotics in my system from last time. So today Mom scheduled me for a follow-up for next week. They told her how to make it so that I have a full bladder, and they explained how they go THROUGH MY ABDOMEN DIRECTLY TO MY BLADDER!! That sounds like an AWFUL big needle. They want to rule out a UTI, and do an analysis of my urine to see what might be causing all these problems. Going through my abdomen allows them to bypass various other bits of me that I’d rather not speak about in mixed company. Suffice to say, if they can get a “sterile” sample from my bladder, they can more quickly figure out what’s going on., Inside, the museum presents antiquities, modern and contemporary art all juxtaposed in edgy gallery spaces. It has been described by David Walsh himself, as a "subversive adult Disneyland.", Dry Dock Brewing Co. Maple Bacon ESB, Probably my second favorite moment of this collaboration. If you went out on the streets right now and asked Jets fans who they’d want in tonight’s draft, you’d surely get a mixed bag of answers all over the board. Not so in 1995, as Jets fans get a “We want Sapp” chant going. That’s not an easy task. You have to have everyone on the same page and you have to REALLY want a certain player to actually chant for them. But the pick is Kyle Brady from Penn State, a tight end with hands worse than a clock. Devastation. At this point, no one’s laughing, just feeling sorry for themselves. Those are the faces we’ve come to know all too well from Jets fans. Hang in there guys., Monday was a rest day for her. Tuesday I rode before work. We did a 30 min hack that included a little 3 rep set of 1 min trot, 30 second canter. Simple., “She was the most moral and ethical person I knew, one without manipulation—a rare quality— and everyone knew it at once. She never took advantage of anyone., Purchase an inexpensive wooden or cardboard letter at a craft store and wrap with twine, hot gluing to secure it in place. It's that simple! You can also add embellishments like paper or fabric flowers., Two songs of MiChi., Test 3:, Since I went, my husband would, too. Once hubby’s friend heard my husband was going, he had to go also, or else my hubby would tell everyone at work he was a “pansy”. When her husband ended up going, the wife decided to go because she didn’t want to hike down alone., Today is another lovely Sunday…I have had an up and down sort of week this week, so I’m hoping that the sunshine today signifies the pace and brightness of the coming week., Hors D'Oeuvres:, Robert Winglee, Ph.D., Dept. of Earth and Space Sciences, UW and Robert Masse, Ph.D., Aerojet, Plan a Project - Use Your Head (13 Roacho 1996. Black Vinyl), birds chatter, Dr. Grant showed me tons of before and after pictures of tummy tucks he’s performed, and walked me through what the operation would entail. If you’re squeamish, I suggest you skip the next paragraph., How are your dreams coming? Share them in the comment section and let’s cheer each other on!, —The Flooded Earth: Our Future In a World Without Ice Caps by Peter D. Ward (Basic Books). Ward, a paleontologist, has produced a disturbing overview of how terrestrial ecosystems might be fundamentally changed as sea levels rise—and rise, and rise. Ward has the benefit of calling upon data taken from extremely distant phases of the earth's history, almost all of which becomes highly alarming when transposed to the present and near-future earth. "This book is based on the fact that the earth has flooded before," he writes, including phases in which seas rose globally at rates of up to 15 feet per century., Artists: Heidi Kenyon, Tristan Louth-Robins, Will Nolan, Pip & Pop, Paul Sloan, Sera Waters, Laura Wills., I mean, seriously? Even the trip from the airport to the hotel is cool..the whole thing is by boat! And the boat is called the Alilaguna. Say it out loud to yourself. The Alilaguna. Don't you suddenly get all Italian and start saying it like "Ah-lee-lah-GOO-nah". 'Eh?, Probably that susceptibility to colds requires a kind of weakened immune system. Dietary supplements and cold preventive remedies say, "boost your immune system so that you can ward off cold," and it's interesting, because if you want to diminish your cold symptoms, boosting elements of your immune system may be the last thing you want to do., USP: I’ve never been to California, but they make it sound sunnier and more appealing than The Beach Boys. Bethany Cosentino’s voice is stronger than many of her rivals’, plus they absolutely make the California sound their own., 1 antimacassar, Although I've removed my artwork from my car, I've been thinking about re-doing it! What do you think? What should I paint on my car next?, My haul this year is mainly books:-, MJ: As a DJ you get to travel the world, where is your favorite hot spot of all time?, It's from 2007 Bowman's Best, and I acquired it from one of I Am Joe Collector's group breaks a few months ago. It is absolutely mint! I'm looking to get $50 for it, but am willing to accept offers as well. I apologize profusely for using my blog as a forum to whore out my collection, but I'm sure you all know how it is when you see a card you absolutely have to own., Sierra Nevada has always had a well choreographed line-up of beers, but in the past year there has been a change of plans and the Unfiltered Wheat was discontinued and replaced with a Kellerweis Hefeweizen. Smart move, because there is nothing particularly bad about this beer and nothing particularly good. It has a lemon scent and a light mouth feel. Sweet up front with a dry finish. There is not much wheat character at all. The best feature is the lingering spicy aftertaste, which allowed me to gain an appreciation for the type of flavor Spalt hops brings to the table., Agatha was the youngest of three. The Millers had two other children: Margaret Frary Miller (1879–1950), called Madge, who was eleven years Agatha’s senior, and Louis Montant Miller (1880–1929), called Monty, ten years older than Agatha. Later, in her autobiography, Agatha would refer to her brother as “an amiable scapegrace of a brother”.[9], The microSD card seems to be falling by the wayside somewhat, with many new tablets omitting the expansion, but we think it’s a particularly important feature and it’s good to see Acer including it., HAPPY NEW YEAR 2011, Peace out...bitches., Joanne had warned me that they were a bit on the hot side, so I knew to cut back on the hot sauce. My only problem was the recipe made 48 hot wings which were way too many for the two of us. So I tried to accurately measure how much sauce I would need for the 12 wings I made for us, but I did not make quite enough sauce. And the sauce was GREAT so I was a tad disappointed that all my wings were not completely covered in it. I think I might have even liked to have had some extra to dip something in - bread, whatever!!, 1) Sift Kao Fen & icing sugar together., “My dear sir, he isn’t here, I’m afraid,” replied Rothmon after a pause., -the above category with minimum $2,000 in debt for 1+ years, We got a polystyrene cone, sprayed it gold and then, after it had semi-melted from the paint we stuck it in the middle. Then we got busy with some brass tacks and some ruby red mosaic tiles., Label: Upright, - I never wear jeans or pants in summer (unless it drops below 70 degrees). When I see women in jeans—especially skinnies during summer, I cringe. I mean here in my neck of the woods where it has been 90+ degrees with heat indexes well over 100 everyday for 2 weeks., Chapter 2 - A Can of Corn, “I know it rained a little during their rally, I suppose their cloud-seeding efforts worked somewhat,” he continued. “But look at where we are today? The smog got worse instead. I can barely recognise the landscape. Visibility is back to just one kilometre, making it difficult for a lot of people like pilots, tourists and birdwatchers,” he said, pointing to the layer of dust on the other side of the window overseeing the city., M. Pax’s inspiration comes from the wilds of Oregon, especially the high desert where she shares her home with two cats and a husband unit. Creative sparks also come from Pine Mountain Observatory where she spend her summers working as a star guide. She writes mostly science fiction and fantasy, but confesses to an obsession with Jane Austen. She blogs, …They way I touched you with gentle but errant desire., Of course, the Census is interested in providing a snapshot of the current situation, not making a value judgment. I’ve taken the position that opting out of the workforce is not intrinsically bad: it’s only bad when parents are forced into it by a lack of other options. It’s clear that we’re still not living in a golden age of work flexibility: for too many moms and dads, there are only two choices:the 40+ hour week or the at-home option. I’d love to know where the numbers would go if there were ways to structure home and career with more precision., Praise for EXCUSE ME MISS:, Fennel seeds - 1/2 tbsp, The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold - this was a book everyone raved about a few years ago; I was reluctant to read it as I thought it sounded heart-breaking - the story is narrated by a young girl who has been murdered by a neighbour and looks at how her family is affected by her death. I did find it very sad but it was well done;, j:I would advise aspiring models to trust their gut feelings and always keep at it. stay focussed and don't let anyone tell you you're not good enough., Hayes pointed out that the original ‘problem that had no name’ was as much spiritual as economic: a malaise that overtook middle-class housewives trapped in a life of schlepping and shopping. A generation and many lawsuits later, some women found meaning and power through paid employment. Others merely found a new source of alienation. What to do? The wages of housewifery had not changed–an increased risk of depression, a niggling purposelessness, economic dependence on your husband–only now, bearing them was considered a ‘choice’: if you felt stuck, it was your own fault…, Judge Hlophe in turn has accused the judges of infringing on his rights in the way in which they handled the complaint against him., The vibrant and eclectic bill for Guilfest, held in Guildford’s idyllic Stoke Park on July 4th, 5th and 6th 2008 which boasts seven music stages, will continue to grow over the next few weeks, with top performers due to be announced for both the comedy and theatre tents. Further great onsite facilities include the Kidzone, (which helped win GuilFest the ‘Best Family Festival Of The Year’ Award in 2006), a mammoth real ale bar, various funky cocktail bars, a fantastic range of food stalls, let alone a huge variety of stalls selling everything you could ever hope to find at a festival., It started in August, the letter a was giving me a hard time. I couldn’t use it, ended up sending mess’ey’ges like this so the person I w’ey’s spe’ey’king with could underst’ey’nd wh’ey’t I w’ey’s s’ey’ying. Then it goes on and off. Last September the delete button started having issues. So I resorted to sending voice notes instead of typing. I have endured these issues for over four months, being the busy person that I am I had no time to have my phone checked and I highly doubt that the warranty would still cover it since the phone was purchased in Canada. But wait, those stuck-up-keys issues are just tiny hiccups compared to the new problem my phone’s giving me. NOW ALL THE KEYS ARE NOT WORKING. You can only scroll, that’s it. Amazing, I know., Oh yeah, and the sound design. Oh man, the sound design was to die for.... *sighs wistfully*, The world was ever so vast., This time it's different, though. These people are experts., 1/3 cup white wine vinegar (or champagne vinegar if you can get your hands on it), That’s the plan! Before I sign off, though, I MUST remind you all that my official limited edition T-shirts to benefit the Jamie Oliver Food Foundation and their nutrition education programs in schools are only on sale for the next TEN DAYS. Buy a shirt and support better food for kids across the country., Stress out of sight,, Please remember to link back here so that others who may want to join KCCO can find us., Green like a forest with farms scattered throughout., One of the girls there, (I think she’s 13…) has dubbed me “Moldy Potato”. It’s my first nickname! She gave a bunch of other people nicknames as well…Captain Blundermuffin, and a ton of others I can’t think of. Captain Blundermuffin is a guy in his 40's that’s just a ball to be around. I asked her what her nickname was, and she said, “I’m Jackie!” (Her actual name.), Taking a cue or two from the Angelcorpse playbook of pure blasting insanity, Averse Sefira dick around very little and shred balls alot, only relenting for the odd ambient interlude (these interludes are most often composed by guest musician The Lady of the Evening Faces, whose atonal, synth-and-keyboard-less drone pieces invoke Penderecki and Pärt--leading to some of the band's most memorable moments). The vortex of utter annihilation known as Homecoming's March was Sefira's first full-length effort, although the band has released a couple excellent albums in the last 5 or 6 years as well (see: 2005's Tetragrammatical Astygmata and 2008's Advent Parallax). These Bros are obviously tuned into some dark, creepy, spacey shit, and deserve your attention immediately., 1. Wherever you are, if you can, stop what you are doing and take three long, slow, deep breaths, inhaling through your mouth and exhaling through your nose (according to my Reiki Master Teacher, breathing in this manner stimulates and activates the Chakras, the Energy Centers of the Body)., 2 dead, Market said that both the Web site and the Latin cross demonstrate a preference for religion over nonreligion., But who cares, she’s my dog and I love her to death. Between all the whining for attention and the mischievous behavior I can’t help but not give a damn about all of it because she fills me with so much more happiness than there was before. I’ll discipline her later:), chopped cilantro and Sriracha chili sauce, to taste, It’s important to draw a distinction here. There are plenty of beer styles around the world such as Belgian witbier and German Hefeweizen which are traditionally and authentically cloudy. If British brewers wish to take up these styles, or brew other types of beer that are intentionally cloudy, then fair enough, so long as the customer is told what to expect at the point of sale. Cloudy beers can stand or fall on their own merits in the marketplace., Turkish lads is tassled fez, tots from France, Greece and Poland., The Sun probably hides a lot more mysteries than humans think, Win or lose, Shut the blinds. This works in the summer months, when the sun coming through the windows can heat up your home and force the AC to work harder. It stinks being in the dark, but the trade-off is worth it., Take them out, keep aside to cool for a while and either dig in, or once they are completely cool, refrigerate for further use., In Plain Sight - I didn't get into this show until well into it's third season and just watched the series finale this weekend. I love this little watched gem which only got better over time. It plays like a Witness Protection procedural but it's also jammed full of quirky, damaged characters who surprised me with their humanity each episode. To call Mary McCormack's Mary Shannon, 'difficult' is an incorrect use of the word. It's not strong enough. Marshall Shannon is as 'alpha male' as a female can get. Pairing such a sarcastic character with a meterosexual partner ( Frederic Weller as Marshall Mann) was often the source of great comic storytelling. I like that in all the interviews I have seen with McCormack that she varies little from the character she plays on TV., Level 4: Mastery: +57%, Weapon ATT: +4, Minimum Critical Damage: +2%., Chapter One:, The Power of Love Valentines Day Celebration with Gurmukh Khalsa, Depending on which region of the country you live in, bees could pollinate as much as one of every 3 foods you eat. It therefore makes good sense to do all we can to give them as much protection as we can–before it’s too late and we all have to take to the fields with paintbrushes!, There shouldn’t be anything wrong with wearing a hoodie. Yes, they’re associated, to some extent, with a violent criminal subculture that exists in inner cities. They’re also associated with high school and college students who don’t bother dressing up for school. If Trayvon wore a hoodie, he was more likely to get associated with the former. If I wore one, I would be more likely to be associated with the later. Why? Because I was born with a slightly different genetic code that gave me less melanin in my skin and two X chromosomes instead of an X and a Y. In other words, it’s because I’m a white female and he was a black male., Ask about a non-resident library card if you live outside of the library's service area. I invest $50 annually in a library card at the metro system in the next county and it is more than worth it, even with the 30-minute drive. I can easily borrow books from any branch in the system and have them delivered to the branch closest to me for pick-up. This bigger library system also offers more services, such as an InterLibrary Loan program that is willing to track down books from all over the country., Now as she sat on the table facing her son and his woman, she couldn’t help but be jealous of what she represented, her son had always been hers alone, though from afar. Another woman had now come into his life, she saw a glint in his eyes, she saw love in his eyes, she saw acceptance in his eyes. The Irish man had fallen in love., Some herbal remedies have been studied in Europe, but no information was available about the safety of squawvine as of June 2000. Squawvine is believed to be safe when taken in recommended dosages for a short time., I started the redo by taking the trim off the island:, It’s an easy way to find something to blog about that generates traffic to your blog. I know, it seems kind of underhanded, doesn’t it? And it smacks a bit of “keeping up with the Joneses.” Well, if you feel that way try staying within the parameters of your blog’s main topic or idea(s)., In other news, it's my husband's birthday today! We celebrated with friends over the weekend, but I want to wish him a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY here on the ol' blog. Happy 29th!!, Comment: Are you a fan of quirky facts? Are your kids?, 2- When cooking olmelt,the heat has to be low, so it will be cooked well without burning., 2. These entities are never exhausted by any of their relations or even by their sum of all possible relations. Objects withdraw from relation., One part of who I am as a reader today is because of Reading Rainbow and for that, I am grateful to the show and PBS for airing it for so long., in place of wrapping him in my comprehension., Row 12-25- Repeat rows 10 + 11 alternately. Ending with row 11. Do not join on last row., (Can you tell I am one happy lady right now!!), In the end, emergency managers, first responders, government officials, businesses and the public need to be equipped with better weather information and a plan to make fast, smart decisions to save lives and livelihoods, Hayes said., Your program should automatically load on the video screen. To the right side of the video screen is the Caption. Just select your language from the drop down menu, and a long, rectangular closed caption box will pop up right below the video screen., October 2010, I was ,let’s say, whatever nature made me with an expressive smile.I became quite skinny with a lifeless smile., After that little exhibition, the kids put me back on drums where I rocked out., Smartphone usage has skyrocketed, and some advertisers have begun to experiment with aggressive, new techniques to display ads on mobile devices. This includes pushing ads to the standard Android notification bar, dropping generically designed icons on the mobile desktop, and modifying browser settings like bookmarks or the default homepage. Because each of these techniques can display an advertisement outside the context of a specific application, it’s very difficult for users to know exactly which app is responsible for any given ad. Ad Network Detector provides a method for users to determine which ad network and application are the source for such ads., Good Morning and Welcome to our Spring Hop! I'm so happy you are hopping along with us today....be sure to check back all week as we will all be sharing a new project each day. You should have just arrived from the very talented Joan Robertson's blog, she is so inspiring and creates such beautiful paper crafts, I always look forward to seeing what she has created., 60g quinoa flakes, 5. Beauty: Although I am a fan of function over ascetics, wooden cutting boards provide the best of both worlds. I own an end grain cutting board set in a check pattern that is as much a part of my wife’s decorating scheme as a useful part of my kitchen. Granted, some cutting boards are pretty plain looking, but even these can quickly become a beautiful part of your kitchen that you will not hide away like other cutting boards., I have been home for at least two hours and I’m still in a pissy mood., Tip 9: Be confident and be yourself, I silently thought to myself, "That sounds terrible! Oral cavity disease...surely this can't be right." Twenty minutes later the pain in my mouth took over my skepticism and I decided to give this medicine a shot. I applied a small bit on one of my canker sores to test it out and was more than a little surprised when the gel turned into a malleable wax that clung ever so tightly to gum. It was not what I expected. It was weird. But it worked. Here I am a couple days later, canker sore free. I still have no idea what exactly I was applying to the inside of my mouth 2x a day, but I'm still alive. I guess I should just trust the pharmacist when he so assuredly gives me something to take., It seems every day now, 6. Both this AND the previous Labour administration may have sanctioned illegal phone-tapping of a great many people. They may even have colluded with Newscorp in this activity…they may even have tipped Newscorp off about the crimes and follies of political enemies., Did it happen that Christmas we remember in jest?, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, You know, I should really restrain myself from buying fruits all the time. I can't resist in buying lots and lots of gorgeous cherries, peaches, nectarines, apricots, mangoes, but then I'm left with all these wonderful fruits without knowing how do I have the time to play with them. I have so many varieties of fruits that I'm confused of what to make. I just finished making some healthy and tasty fruit smoothie with peach, raspberry, blueberry, and some mango, yumm... Fruit crumble using all the different summer fruits might be in the menu a few weeks from now if I ever managed to squeeze some time to make a vanilla bean ice cream. I haven't been playing too much with raspberry this year, knowing that I still have a few months to go, but not for the stone fruits, their season will be over before you know it. I already have some list of raspberry dessert I want to make, hmm cannot wait. In the next few weeks, you will find me busy buying and freezing each one of them though, for my winter stash this year. Oh how I wish they would be available all year long., Send your money-saving tips and ideas to Wendy Thomas at wendy@simplethrift.com. She also writes at www.simplethrift.wordpress.com., It is a Java application with some possible initial messages about security issues upon downloading, but we ran it without difficulty, though this is no guarantee for anyone else. Caveat emptor., Obama promised that the U.S. would work “to phase out fossil fuel subsidies” and promised “historic investments in renewable energy” and his intention to put Americans “to work increasing efficiency in our homes and buildings; and by pursuing comprehensive legislation to transform to a clean energy economy.”, As I look in the mirror and rub lotion into my very pregnant belly, I am reminded of Buddha. Not because I’m peaceful, calm or meditative, but because this belly is so round and large! Holy cow!, Then the excess is brushed away, and what remains in the outline section is burnished vigorously using one's finger. It brings up a sheen that is very pretty, plus then the glitter doesn't come off. It needs no sealer. Different colors of glitter are applied to each section in the same manner. It's really a very pretty effect, and fun to do.(There are some very good videos on Youtube..search on Ritz Glitter). I had a boo-boo at the top of the main image with the bowl of cherries. Wasn't watching what I was doing, and a piece of tape stuck to the very top. When I got the tape off, there was a 'bare place', so I had to think of how to cover that mistake, and still salvage my image. Finally found a Spellbinder image that I could cut a frame which would work effectively with the image, so I used some red mirror paper (bought around Christmas time, didn't get used), and I think it emphasizes the red in the cherries. What do you think? The blue paper is from Memory Box, don't know the name. The silver is embossed with a Cuttlebug Folder provided for class use. Hope you enjoy the card. Have a wonderful day...it's nearly Friday., Traffic Chaos was there after 4 PM as offices and schools were evacuated., I'm not implying that either style of play is preferable. In all honesty, everyone should have a little bit of both styles of play. If I have a player who is seriously wounded, I should hang back - as long as everyone else is fully healthy. But I shouldn't hang back if we're ALL badly wounded, just to let others take the blows., Allen 2:15 Jack 3:10, face-hugging, chest-ripping alien?, I’m all about moving forward, not looking back. It wouldn’t be the same without Wash and Book, and just the thought of it makes me horribly depressed, but I don’t think you could go back in time without making it weird., “And usually, they do,” Elijah said., <U+300C><U+4E00><U+5E74><U+306B><U+4E8C><U+56DE><U+690D><U+3048><U+308B><U+3084><U+3064><U+FF1F><U+300D>, On the subject of plugging ones own work, I came across a great quote, which all writers need to bear in mind, no matter how much they resist the notion. I've written an article for the Spring issue of The Stinging Fly on this issue called 'The Writer and the Internet'. Coming soon!, We are still only up to 1963 – this went on to the present., 4 Loss of Control 3:31, 3. book keeping (I own a business people, this is no joke!), Anyone wanna guess what I did?, And if not, why not? Are you running ragged at the moment between kids, husband, and work? Maybe this is someone who wants more than he/she is saying. Someone who wants to go to lunch so she can complain about her boyfriend? Is this a male friend who constantly pushes to change the relationship? Or perhaps your mother wants to needle you into another blind date?, LAST YEAR yet another official report was produced, this time by Sir Peter North, proposing the reduction of the UK drink-driving limit from 80mg to 50mg. This offered no new evidence, and earlier this year it was rejected by Transport Secretary Philip Hammond, arguing that the vast majority of drink-related road deaths involve drivers well over the current limit, and cutting the limit by itself would do nothing to change their behaviour. For the first time, an official response on the issue actually acknowledged the potential effect on the hospitality trade. Licensees and customers of rural, suburban and small town pubs will no doubt have felt considerably relieved by this decision., Assassins inside the ambulance were there to make, The economic meltdown that happened 15 months later was in what part of the economy?, Undone is back this March with a very special dance party that you’ve come to love. This month celebrating Dj Burn’s 29th Birthday!, is first of all to sense them through the strings;, The main highlight of the film is the ending. The best way to describe the ending is it is jaw dropping and quite surprising. It is definitely one of the best endings I've seen in a film. After I finished watching this film, I could not stop thinking about it which shows how powerful it is and how touched I was by it., After my humiliating introduction to adventure sports, I vowed never to go near a zipwire again., Dare to enter a world where the dead walk free. Where danger and desire lurk around every corner. And where women find lust and love with women., Many of those who invest in the United States would stop, as many funds mandate investments of AAA risk. Wealth would leak out of the country fast. It will be harder for the United States Government to burrow money. This will cause interest rates to rise., By now the old legs were getting like jelly so I headed back along my original path and stopped for a breather at the first trestle bridge , sat in the creek with my feet in the ice cold water and had a Chomp , filled my water bottle up with new cold spring water and hit the scrubby bit on the way back , all the time being circled by evil looking crows, When squash and beetroot are done, remove from oven and set aside to cool slightly., After a one line of dialog and a snap of fingers, we see Carly, the star of the show. She seems okay and well-behaved. What could she be doing in the principal’s office? Oh, she set some flyers around school. Nothing too major… Why is Miss Briggs so mad? Oh, we can see that now. Apparently, someone has edited a picture of a rhinoceros and added her face to it. Yeah, I’d be mad too. Then, Ms. Briggs suggests that Carly’s father is made aware of this situation. We find out that he can’t, because he’s part of the armed forces (military) but Carly suggests Spencer, her brother and legal guardian, who apparently is an artist. Principal Franklin states there is no need for Spencer to be informed and gives Ms. Briggs permission to come up with a punishment fitting for her act. She has an amazing idea which will benefit… her. She is forcing Carly to record the auditions for the talent show. She complains but is ignored. And is almost thrown out of the room., This what we call acuity in sensing our environment. Be aware of the color or details of a picture, or the particular sound or smell of the thing involved. All our bodily senses are attuned to collect information depending on the circumstance at hand. While our sense of vision may be the most used in gathering information, our senses of hearing, smell, taste, and touch are equally important and helpful in remembering things, situations, and information about something or someone., As I sit here at my desk on the computer, I hear and watch the rain quietly falling against my window. The photo of my office space off from the kitchen up above looking out was taken when it was snowing., What else am I packing for 2 weeks in France? Not that you asked, but here goes:, Seeing how the Babylonian account have so much extra material interwoven, I would imagine that this account is a later than the Palestinian, wanting to tell what the Palestinian account is leaving out and explain what was going on. The parable about the “ones below” and the “ones above” becomes much more concrete in the Babylonian account, while the question on why God would let him die, when righteous men are praying for him also is being answered. R. Yehudah HaNasi is also elevated to a higher status in the Babylonian account that in the Palestinian one, concluded on the context of the narratives, though the Palestinian account in no way gives the impression that it was “just a rabbi” who died here, highlighted by the response to the news of his death., a bet . He then pulled her up and bent her over holding her hair and, Here is a picture of the chaos that was my work bench this morning, some people think that my workshop is always spotlessly tidy and neat and clean. This is just a segment of the madness that was in there this morning., Whatever is done in the troubled countries of the world will soon be applied in all of you., That's it...Now have a great rest of your weekend!, Two days ago, she ditched her piercings and bleached the black dye from her hair., The Stony Brook Southampton campus is located in Southampton, NY, the heart of the Hamptons – a beautiful and renowned resort area on the East End of Long Island., The land grab for agriculture for corporates have another drawback. Suppose that they buy the land today for farming but later turn it into a real estate project, could they be challenged. The contract would say that they brought the land and are landowners and could do anything with it. Forgive me if the words come out strong but that would be an exact replica of colonial time (which we as nation tried to forgo in our independence struggle), by using terms like modernizing and upliftment as proxy to get the job done. One feels the approach is not right. There needs to be a policy which needs to be planned where the local population which is living there does not feel thrown out, by being arm twisted on the bases of using various exploitative laws., A type of ultimate vampire, the Draug have a seductive call like sirens, need water to survive and breed, can reduce themselves to vampire goo which if you get any on you, will suck the blood/life out of you. They can remain invisible to the naked eye and easily traps their prey, human or vampire, storing them in water until they’re dead. On top of this, these guys are hard to kill., Now to something completely different, still related., The laneway in the middle of the Ivy complex is buzzing. It's a balmy evening and there are plenty of happy people dining al fresco at Ash St Cellar and Felix bistro. Staff are happy for us to dine in for dessert, although we end up at an outdoor table, right next to the door that leads down to the bathrooms., I visited a page from one of my journals from March, 2009. I was obviously starting to work on “seeking the Cause” and my question was… “Why am I so sad”? I don’t recall being sad in 2009 specifically. But then when I sat for a moment I realized that yes I was sad. I had a lot going on and nothing “productive” was happening. Today, I understand that I was seeking answers and I did not follow thru the way I follow thru today. I opened a door and WOW was I shown. Unfortunately it took a year to recognize my cause… and thru the gentle guidance of Betty I was able to change my path by understanding what I was seeking had nothing to do with the other person but with myself. I can change myself… I cannot change anyone else. My spirit was alive with direction. My mind was full of anger and logic and trying to make sense of the chaos… the light working within me. My heart needed an awakening… this was something I struggled with for years. I sought answers and certainly received them. I understand why it happened. I understand that my soul allowed it to happen. I’m still healing from the pain. I wanted to change this pattern in my life and I will continue to work towards that goal every day., So have you guys tried this cream b4? how did it work out for you???Is there other cream you've tried thats better, but cheaper??? let me know down in the comment section~~~~, RE-ARRANGING DECK CHAIRS ON THE TITANIC, No eBay listing fee sale this week :( but I did list several auctions, and I need to show off the vintage purses I listed straight into my store at fixed price with best offer... You guys do all realize that pretty much EVERYTHING in my eBay store has the best offer button on it, right? :), Tonight I had a pained conversation with my boyfriend about "planning.", After much consideration (and procrastination), I am finally outta here! Not forever, but for a while. I may - because I lack self-control - be checking in, but if anyone asks, I'm not here!, Garden #1-, All of this is one less thing that I have to get angry about, because other people are doing it for me. All of this is progress. Why can’t I see this same rate of progress in my country? Why don’t more people care about what Americans are doing to other Americans? Why don’t we see that our future is in the growing numbers of people who come here from somewhere or else? It’s a sad day when a conservative religious institution with a clear history of discrimination is outpacing government in terms of change. I’m not saying the Mormon church is changing in all the ways I wish it would, but it’s getting there on the issue of race and immigration, while the rest of the country seems to be moving backward. This would make me mad, but really it just makes me tired., Love that show., satyA will support Annaji, satyA will choose to chase a cat away to save a squirrel. She will cook, clean and apply for a job. Who wins and what finally happens is really upto s’AradA dEvI!, It's my opinion anyway., Gregory: did big football destroy Penn, For political — domestic political purposes, the president of the United States sided with organized labor and the environmental groups and held Colombia hanging out to dry for three years. We cannot do that to our friends in South America., GARDEN CHATS – SUNDAY, MAY 6, 2012 – Free with Admission, As it was designed to do from the start for reasons you’ll discover once you open your eyes to see reality for what it really is., Do you have a purpose in life? It’s important to have a purpose you are working toward otherwise the busyness of life will overcome you. Does your vision honor God first, others second, and then yourself? If you find your self wandering, floating, or even getting by, remember that the Lord has a greater plan for you. Take the time today to seek out your purpose. (jctrois.com), I used a really old SU set and DP. The button was made by layering punches, glueing between the layers, and poking holes with a piercer. Crystal Effects makes the button shiny. The only hard part is waiting for it to dry (and I'm really impatient!). I added a ribbon, a nestie and some corner die cuts, and a couple of yellow pearls. Oh yes, and some crystal effects to the vase., I got out all my fun stuff for a day and took pictures, and now I'm forcing you to enjoy them too! Plus, it's January, and January is so freaking lousy with boredom and greyness, that I encourage all of you (and you men too--what the hell. Maybe you have a Boba Fett tie or something you've been dying to wear) to get out all those pretty things you miss, and roll around in them for an hour or two., Note rules here regarding international entries., There are many things in my life I want to work on ... both good and bad ... Change is a good thing. :-), At the start of the story, she doesn’t know about her ability and believes that she’s going crazy hearing voices in her head, but with the help of her friend Anthony, they soon figure it out, and not a moment too soon. Someone out there knows what Rae can do, and they want her dead. Rae and Anthony have to find out who it is before she gets killed., Yes, He will! And if you have a job or other sources of income, He already is providing for you! But nowhere in Scripture is His provision for us portrayed as a means to rescue us from our own laziness or foolishness. God has provided me with a wonderful job that I've had for nearly 10 years. But does that mean I can use my money in whatever way I want because "God will provide"? Not at all! A sizable number of Jesus' parables were about stewardship--how we use (or misuse) the resources He allows us to have. Paul wrote in 1 Corinthians 3:10-14:, makes me dream drifting on a swing, They are ready to fight and defend their child, and it is exhausting. He's right about one thing, it would be a lot more convenient if parents just believed everything teachers said. Convenient for the teachers. Not so much for the students, or for the parent-child relationships, which will last a lot longer than the parent-teacher relationships, if the parents are lucky., I also found these sweet fabrics in the new fabric shop that's opened in my nearest town., Black suede shorts, perfect with tights when it gets colder..., 30 Germania Street,, What emerges clearly too from the performance under Baldur Brönnimann is the sheer beauty of so much of Adams's score, with its dark-hued sonorities, chromatically inflected harmonies and keening instrumental lines. The great choruses that provide the opera's structural pillars are superbly sung by the ENO Chorus, though it's a real shame that the ravishing one that opens the second act has been cut here. All of the solo roles are taken memorably too, whether it's the cameos from Kathryn Harries as the Austrian woman, Lucy Schaufer as the Swiss grandmother, and Kate Miller-Heidke as the British dancing girl, or the major contributions from Christopher Magiera as the Captain, Richard Burkhard as the hijacker Mamoud, Michaela Martens as Marilyn Klinghoffer and especially Alan Opie as Leon Klinghoffer himself, who sings his final number, the Aria of the Falling Body, which Adams calls a gymnopédie, with devastating simplicity., On Thursday night, deputies met him at Woodland Corporate Boulevard and W Waters Avenue, where he sold an undercover deputy three pages containing 33 names for an undisclosed amount of money, the Sheriff’s Office said., Look at how MailChimp uses the word you on its homepage. The third word of the body copy is you. And it is used twice more in the same sentence (yes, your counts). Then again as the third word of the second sentence. And to top it off, they also use the word “personal” to emphasize how much this service is for you., For a moment she just lay there, too stunned to move, stars circled in front of her eyes. She shook her head and pushed her body upright, kneeling and then she stood to dust off the dirt and ash. A wave of dizziness hit her and she thought she was going to be sick, but the air thinned and cleared, enough for her to see hazy outlines of trees, buildings, and maybe life. She sprang up ignoring the pungent fumes and humid air; she was going to die if she didn’t get out of here, she felt certain of that. Her visions had never been like this, ever. This felt very real. She darted in the direction that was free of smog. Perspiration broke out across her back and she covered her mouth as best she could.Where the hell am I and what on earth is going on? Instinct told her, she had astrally projected once more, but this did little to comfort her. The view cleared even more, to reveal utter devastation, some kind of disaster must have happened, row upon row of small wooden buildings had been torched, and only charcoal, skeletal, frames remained. Everything was black or smoldering. Clouds of smoke were filling the air again, she called out, but there was no one to hear her futile cries., To me, Dave is a bit different than the rest of the jam band scene in that his lyrics are pretty important (and I don't think he gets the credit he deserves for being pretty heavy and dark). Also, he keeps the songs relatively short (at least in the studio) and tuneful... hence, he has a ton of hit singles. Hence, his appeal to soccer moms. He isn't a metal dude or a punk dude or an "alternative" dude or an indie rocker. He's a regular guy with a kind of awkward sensibility. I'm not the hugest fan: I have most of his studio albums and some live ones. I don't need to have every one. I rarely see his concerts - the long jams just aren't my thing. But I have a ton of respect for the guy, he deals with his stardom as well as probably anyone. He enjoys it, but doesn't let it dictate what he does creatively. I've had the pleasure of interviewing him, and he seems to be a great guy., And the thing that makes me mad,, Plum (Clay Cream) Liners are my weakness. I love the gritty deep purple gleam they seem to bring to my blue eyes. This plum brings enough oomph to be used to create a softer smoky evening eye or adds enough color to use by itself during the day. Either way, it goes on like butter, baby., And yet, you see the picture clear as day., DRINK SPECIALS: $3 pints, $5 patron silver & patron XO cafe shots, Goncalo, J. A., & Staw, B. M. (2006). Individualism–collectivism and group creativity. Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, 100(1), 96-109. doi: 10.1016/j.obhdp.2005.11.003, ‘Just tell me something.’, Prothero ends with a fine flourish by talking about "Christians suppressing heretical notion that the Earth is round". I suppose if you write a post peppered with totally discredited pseudo historical myths and demonstrate a high school level and totally cartoonish grasp of history you might as well end with an absolute doozy - the old "flat earth myth". Many of his readers lapped up this serving of the "Conflict Thesis" with comments like "this film really made me angry, and yet it also made me proud to be a freethinker". When one tries to caution that Agora actually took liberties with history, Prothero counters by claiming "so little is known about “facts” back in 400 AD that scholars have very little that is well documented and non-controversial". What? So we can just make up any crap we like then? Several events in this movie are actually extremely well documented. The destruction of the Serapeum is one of the best documented event in ancient history, with no less than five separate independent accounts of it. Oddly, none of them mention any library there or any destruction of books. Not even the hostile, anti-Christian philosopher Eunapius' account. And the contemporary accounts of Hypatia's death tell us it was caused by politics and had nothing to do with religion or learning. These accounts are entirely "non-controversial", but they don't support Amenábar's pseudo historical fable at all., Cooking and crafting are creative endeavours to start with, but working within a frugal budget has forced me to view some things differently, to stretch the boundaries of my imagination, to come up with news ways of doing something or using something. It’s done wonders for me a as a person, and I can’t imagine living any other way., and 13th of its indigenous global navigation and positioning network known as Beidou,, there was a blue slip included with the Chrysler Group LLC Pension Plan, On the noose around your neck, They live with two greyhounds. One day, soon I hope, I’ll get to go photograph all four of them together., This being the season for it, I've been doing a lot of clicking lately: clicking to enlarge object, to enter selection in shopping cart, to proceed to checkout. The riches of the planet, including gold, frankincense, and myrrh, are at my reach as I recline on my studio bed. All I have to do is click., Early this morning, I was chatting with Tita Maggie Ziálcita de Tomás, a former print model and an old friend (we used to be neighbors back in the 80s). I was asking her help if she knows where I can recruit household helpers (a usual problem for me and my wife)., When I returned to the Austin History Center in 2009 to double-check the works that I had studied for and cited in the articles I had written three and four years before, I found that in some cases I had made incorrect or incomplete citations. While some of the materials I looked at were old newspaper clippings, sometimes with no date, author, or name of newspaper available, I take responsibility for any errors. Just as alarming to me was the fact I was unable to find a some of the materials I had previously used. Apparently they had been refiled, re-categorized, misfiled, stolen, or I was looking for them in the wrong places. As a result my list of sources is a hybrid of what I was able to find in 2005 to 2006 and what I rediscovered in 2009., is my first EVER skein of 100% CASHMERE :-), 1 Tbs baking powder, With Booktango, DIY e-book authors now have a universal publishing solution to create, edit, format, publish, promote and distribute their e-books all from a single platform. And with features like a free cover designer and an ever-increasing gallery of stock images, it's never been easier to create an attractive, marketable e-book., At the AMBC briefing, Lim was reminded of the state of industry in Victoria, reliant on upscaling its manufacturing in the two-speed economy of Australia against states endowed with mineral resources., fuzzy, awkward, adorable, tiny birds that slept on their, The veteriniary $pecialist thinks that my cat Patsy has bone cancer in her shoulder. He says that there is a pretty good survival rate for the type of cancer he thinks she has - about 80%, actually., A footnote to this post....This morning I woke up to someone else in the mirror.... I did, I didn't look the same and when I tried to sip my morning coffee my lips were nub and my smile crooked, also my eyes were very sore. Only one side of my face would move... I told Gary and we thought it best to call the Doctor (of course), even brushing my teeth was weird with all the numbness.., Here's what it says on the sleeve blurb-, he ain't prejudice he's just, made in america, 974. Pasta with Sautéed Tomato, Zucchini, Bell Peppers, Onion, & Garlic @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 7:22 p.m., 13. Elis – Anger, Entrance Exam consist of?', 13 saw, Hughes reports the average age of convicts was 27, and that due to extreme deprivation, 1 man in 10 died on the Third Fleet's voyage, with the rest "so emaciated, so worn away", they were unfit to work. Some 162,000 prisoners were thus sent to Australia before transportation ended in 1853 (Hughes 73, 105, 143)., 1 tbsp season rice vinegar, 812111 Barber shops, Here is 2 ounces of Cashmere-Silk from Spunky Eclectic in the March Colorway of the Month, Sunken Treasure. The color did not tempt me until I saw it on this fiber. It looks like treasure, doesn’t it? This is in the queue right now, though I’ve got a few things to get through before I can reward myself with it., We ended the trip with a great family style meal at Cracker Barrel. And that's how it should have ended a family style meal. Because we are family. I am so glad that I had the opportunity to get to know the people that I went on this trip with more than I already did. I hope to get to hang out with them more than I did before we went. They are some great people after God's heart., Of course, with self-destruction comes a craven appetite. I need more readers, more Likes on Facebook, Art patrons who purchase my prints at Deviantart and Cafepress. Above all, I need millions of people who buy my books. When that happens, I will continue to write and my stories will get better. My mythology of monsters will become roots of popular culture., "Approach problems with a light touch. When your mind moves toward a problem area, you tend to focus on that situation so intensely that you lose sight of Me. You pit yourself against the difficulty as if you had to conquer it immediately. Your mind gears up for battle, and our body becomes tense and anxious.", Personally, it's not my way of looking at the human world, but it is a way that I learned to look -- as a portrait artist has to learn to see light and shadow instead of a person. For me, it's an optical illusion, but a very useful one to a dramatist., Your typical personal characteristics are: a strongly subjective, emotional and impulsive approach to life and to everything that attracts your attention; a tendency to be emotionally confused or to reach out eagerly toward some deeply felt compelling goal, to project your feelings upon people and situations, without much regard for what these actually are in themselves., The Saint Martin Noel, tasted in a dark and cozy bar in down town Brussels surrounded by tourists! Brewed by Brasserie de Brunehaut, the Saint Martin Cuvee de Noel is one of those beers that simply knocks you out without you realizing it., To preclude misunderstandings between the parties, the subject matter and key words that will have broad impact in the agreement require definition. Most important are the following :, I have then gone in and randomly added some B37, On that day, three weeks ago, I told him I was too tired to keep doing this. To tired to keep getting hurt, to keep going around and around., 4. Brad Pitt or George Clooney?, Personally I’m not keen on Love kraft. If you’ve no interest in the Welsh language you may have no interest in Mwng either (although it does sound good)., MM: The decline of AM radio gave rise to the creation of specific airplay formats and a splintering of broadcast choices. Is that fragmentation responsible for the deplorable state of radio these days? Or does it no longer matter?, No blinking for me!, 2. I never really actually paint my nails. If I was the one reading this, I would be surprised since I constantly post about different manicures and such, but those are really just beautiful eye candy to me. I love to craft more than I love having pretty nails, and when they’re too long they just get in my way and I can’t have that. I’ve also spent a good portion of my life working with food, and you’re generally not allowed to wear nail polish when you’re cooking (in case some flakes off) and that’s pretty much what killed my nail painting habits., Promoting education of Muslim populations so that they go beyond the mirage of the formalism and appearances. The application of the repressive interpretations, measures and punishment does not make a society more faithful to the Islamic teachings. It is more the capacity to promote social justice and the protection the integrity of every individual, woman or man, rich or poor, that determines a truly authentic fidelity. The priority, according to the norms of Islam, is given to the protection of rights not to administering punishments which are meant to be implemented under strict and conditioned exceptions., Proceeds will go into the Mt. Tom's 'Sweet Local Causes' fund., "The good stuff," I reply, "is what I've been unsuccessfully attempting to write for the past month, which is why this blog hasn't been updated." See, I have just as much trouble with The First Five Pages as everyone else. It's easy to recognize the things that don't work, and to pinpoint the reason that they don't; it's much harder to identify a formula for amazing writing. So, though I can tell you what you probably shouldn't do, I can't offer a definitive example of what you should do., Do I need to explain about the two different protagonists in the query?, RAILCORP discriminated against a job applicant who had two convictions for drink-driving offences when it denied him a position as a market analyst, the Australian Human Rights Commission has found., Feels so fine, No longer will we let injustice prevail, Roll up the beef slices and secure with kitchen string or wooden toothpicks., And secondly, it uses 4 egg yolks. Now I'm rather partial to a pavlova and since my Mumma Bear's recipe uses 4 egg whites I always have 4 rather lonesome looking egg yolks peering at me in the fridge like big yellow monster eyes for a few days til I reluctantly have to bin them...and yes, I'm one of those kooky people (read: bordering on lunacy!) who talks to inanimate objects, so a "sorry yolkies!" may be heard at such times in my kitchen., NDAA proponents sometimes point to an amendment to sec. 1021, added by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, as proof that the NDAA doesn’t apply to Americans. The amendment, now subsection 1021(e), states:, I’ve postponed posting about this because when things are at their worst it’s sometimes hard for me to blog or even to socialize in person. In a strange way I feel like I’m letting people down by being so negative, so defeatist. But perhaps that’s not being fair to both myself and those who care about me, which is why I’m throwing this out there., Angelique-means like an angel. You are our little angel from God., xxxxxxxxxxxxx, Both teams will play better, that is certain. And when that new hidden level gets introduced, it’s truly winner take all – come hell (blowing the lead) or high water (surging the attack). We can’t blame the victim, the Memph make that old-school big men and inside-out game with pummeling defense, a pleasure to watch. Just one game of many to play. But in the rival adventure-chosen, who looks for the check-mate?, Many amongst the cigar community have been surprised by this choice... Cigar Aficionado is often very kind to non-Cuban (since it caters to mostly American readers for whom habanos are still off-limits, or theoretically are...) and it also tends to favour big sizes/ring gages. The BHK 52 (at 52 ring gage as the name says and 4.7" in length) is not necessarily small but most would have probably expected Cigar Aficionado to at least prefer its bigger brothers BHK 54 (5.7" x 54) and BHK 56 (6.5" x 56)., If converting food crops to fuel seems like madness defined, Elizabeth Rosenthal, writing in the April 6th New York Tmes, reported that “Each year, an ever larger portion of the world’s crops—cassava and corn, sugar and palm oil—is being diverted for biofuels as developed countries pass laws mandating greater use of nonfossel fuels and as emerging powerhouses like China seek new sources of energy to keep their cars and industries running.” Wasting food? That’s the stuff of revolution everywhere., There is no doubt that Bad Teacher will make you laugh a couple of times, but in a genre that has seen the likes of Kevin Smith and Judd Apatow, this film is underwhelming. The dick jokes are good for a chuckle, but the surprisingly shallow story keeps Bad Teacher from being memorable. In a summer chock full of big action movies that are worth the trip to the theatre, skipping Bad Teacher is the smartest option for now as it isn’t worth anything more than a rental when it’s eventually released on DVD and Blu-ray., 1 large clove garlic or 2 small ones, worked to a paste with some salt, “Ye stiff necked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye.”, After the bread, Liz mixed up some apple cupcakes made with Yards Brawler. If you look at the picture above you can see the apples that she added to them. They were cooked in the beer for about 45 minutes, basically creating a not quite apple sauce and infusing the apples with a Brawler reduction. I think this picture is from when she was making those cupcakes. It's Liz pouring some vanilla in the mixer., Sift flours together with baking powder, salt and spices., New York: December 12, 1944, David’s psalm honors both Saul and Jonathan as fallen heroes. David not only restrains himself from speaking ill of the dead, he honors Saul and Jonathan as war heroes, as men worthy of respect and honor. Who would have thought of Saul as someone worthy of respect? David did and we should look at those we disagree with honor and respect. It is a tough thing but a lesson that we could all stand to learn from David here., Well, the result was, Voice Call: in trip repeat a high-pitched, slightly squeaky chee-jit. Song: a long series of squeaky warbling phrases, spread with a nose grating shake., If only there were a vast existing literature, much of it not making reference to God at all, about what rationality and cognitive obligation and function and malfunction might mean! If only this vast literature were available in any decent university library, easily accessible by anyone in the Philosophy profession!, I wish there were film executives that felt the same way. It seems every day we are subject to really bad posters that are supposed to ENTICE you into the theater, only to send you running in the other direction., I do believe most White men won’t care how you wear your hair as long as it looks good as evidenced by this poster who shared her story on http://www.naturallycurly.com/, That’s the pitch., In case I haven't made it clear - this baby guy totally blows my mind., Work is now underway to reach out to breweries, brewpubs and on-premise retailers to get their support in a cooperative effort among industry partners. The aim is to raise funds for Us TOO’s outreach efforts and to spark a grassroots effort to reach men that might be missed through traditional health education programs., Hopefully the picture says it all, but it’s really good. I did make one mistake – I didn’t pay enough attention to the bread, and that is the thing that carries it after all. Über importante., It’s almost the time for being extremely uncomfortable, drinking cheap, flat beer, witnessing dense and billowing black smoke, eating burnt and tasteless food, enduring never-ending screaming, fighting, and the occasional fist fight, and facing evil, bloodsucking creatures. No, no, I’m not talking about Sunday dinners at my mother-in-law’s house. I’m talking about that wonderful family tradition which spans generations, and brings untold happiness to us all. Yes, you got it now. I’m talking about those magnificent, summertime family picnics., Lou Stonebridge / vocals, electric piano, harmonica, What were you doing 10 years ago?, Goodnight, sweet London, Gatherings Magazine posted a question to it's followers last week on it's facebook page. "What is your favourite Christmas colour scheme?" I was not surprised by the answers, there are a few tried and true palettes that work with Christmas whether it be a classic look you're after or a natural one... or even up to the topmost branch in sweets and confections! It's generally the first thing (right around Halloween) that comes into my brain, and typically I don't sway much from the first inspiration., Silva BM. Pregnancy during residency: a look at the issues. J Am Med Womens Assoc 1992; 47: 71-74., This time of year sometimes we lost sight of what matters the most., I can’t remember how I first came across the photographer Bob Carlos Clarke, but I know I loved his work from the moment I saw it. I guess this quote taken from his book Obsession just about sums up how I feel., Here is my Japanese Lace 3 row. What a pretty weave. I bought it with my Dad in mind. He had a car back in the days before me that was yellow with a black stripe. I'm a terrible daughter and can never remember what it was...but, it was a muscle car and all the stories I ever hear about it are filled with love. Anyway, I made it for him but, knowing that he would never wear it. He's too tough for pretty jewelry! lol So, it's my Mom's now. I will probably make her a pair of earrings to match. Sorry about the poor pictures. I was at home when I did them and the good camera was in Camp and the people they are for are at home., The IWSB graduates continue to script new success stories as far as placements go. The increased interest amongst young and fast growing companies, who see IWSB graduates as tailor-made for them, and also increase in leading national and international recruiters, is a testament to the rich entrepreneurial leadership talent at the school., So I have this obsession with buying unique dishes at thrift stores, and I bought this blue plate for $1 because it read very "Starry Night" to me, and I'm a total van Gogh freak. Isn't it the perfect plate for this cute goldfish snack?!, Page # Stamp Set, Not too long ago (about 20 years ago, when I was in my early 30’s), I can recall how certain people in my company used to speak, in whispering tones, about a secretive and powerful group of people that were controlling the world’s affairs behind the scenes. Accusations were rife back then that it was a worldwide conspiracy by the Jews to take over the world. The name “ILLUMINATI” would occasionally also be softly murmured, almost as if it were forbidden to speak its name., John Travolta's Bubble Boy has nothing on Rowan for, He was working at the Gardens/Zoo until some dumb cluck protested & he lost his job under the ‘Carter Administration’ .Local Government under Brad Carter, The Battle: Both of these novels have strong openings. Greatshadow hits us with action from the first paragraph, quickly setting the stage for what promises to be very fun reading. Hell Train builds up a bit more slowly, but that's because the story is modeled after the style of the old Hammer horror films. I absolutely love how the first chapter, in which our protagonist arrives at the Hammer studio, is itself like a typical Hammer movie: the studio is in a secluded mansion, oddly quiet, where our hero meets a beautiful but enigmatic woman, while subtle hints of strangeness add to the gothic feel., We have still continued to try to get pregnant with the exception of one month (more on that later). I felt at times that a break might have been important for us emotionally, so I cut back on some other stressful things to find enough balance to get by. I stopped teaching spinning classes for a while, but I’ll be returning to those later this month. It was a welcome reprieve, but I have really missed the designated exercise time in my schedule. I know I need that again. The largest project of my career launched in December and that is finally beginning to run smoothly and quiet down now as well., Like most people I go through periods of being really heavily into bands. For me it’s really akin to the infatuations I used to have with different girls when I was younger. When I love a band I want to hear everything they have ever released and with the same rose-tinted spectacles one has when falling in love with another person I lose all perspective and even love their average songs. It’s only later on that I realize that some of the songs I liked were actually nothing special, after my obsessive interest fades and I start to just like them as opposed to wanting to consume them like a voracious wolf., Well, tomorrow is the big day and as promised I am posting this, Published: April 8, 2012, plainly taken some time writing it. The lines of script angled up and, The third and final film in Chrisopher Nolan’s Batman trilogy will be released on July 27. Above is the latest trailer. How will the trilogy end? Will Tom Hardy’s portrayal of Bane be anything close to the genius of the late Heath Ledger’s Joker from 2008's The Dark Knight? Is Anne Hathaway’s Catwoman a friend or a foe to Batman? Will the film get any Oscar love? Why does the trailer make the movie seem so sad?, Ericson A, Eriksson M, Källén B, Zetterstrom R. Maternal occupation and delivery outcome: a study using central registry data. Acta Paediatr Scand 1987; 76: 512-518., How many of you have ever seen someone and automatically judged who they were and what they thought. Whether or not they were a Christian, simply by their outward appearance?, "Hello, Mr. C.!, Hereville: How Mirka Got Her Sword by Barry Deutsch, Happy Leap Year from Susan Marlowe CPA! I always get a little bit of a jolt from seeing 2/29 on my calendar. Anyway, here is some news from the world of Susan Marlowe:, If you work hard, then someday you’ll get a chance to really rub their faces in shit. Until then, tomorrow is another day., Last up, has no-one in the military watched “Con Air”. As fans of that minor late night film icon, starring Nicholas Cage and John Malkovich, may remember, a key element of the plot was a US Air Marshall who brought a hand gun onto a plane full of convicts, in opposition to official guidelines, in order to protect himself and keep the cons in order., I give this book a 5 out of 5, My kids started to do the same and we now enjoy twice daily bike rides., Toss well, taste and adjust seasonings as necessary, and serve., It probably sounds terrible to say, but you disregard so much music even if it’s good because there is just so much out there. If I do a music request for a certain thing, I could get 100-200 songs easily, as long as it’s not some kind of niche request. As for the singer-songwriter stuff, I could get three million songs. It’s so hard to stand out from that crowd, you really have to work your relationship with the music supervisor, be really accommodating of fees, of rights, have all your stuff in check. People that are getting back to me really quickly, I go back to them. Artists are often on the road, travelling, so that’s why I often deal with music brokers. The artists are off touring, playing gigs, recording, being busy musicians; In TV, there’s such a requirement for a quick turnaround. The replacement of a song in one day, you’re at a mix, and someone says “Hey we want to change this end-montage song.” You have to be able to find that song in that day, clear it, license it and then have it air next week. You have to have someone who is capable of being there and always in contact with you, to get those documents, those licenses back to you. Having great music only gets you so far, you have to have your business affairs in check. Either yourself, or someone you trust to be representing you., Talk about pressure! :) But you girls know me, and I'm proud to say that I'm halfway done with my shopping already! Woohoo!, My first step was doing a wash over the entire jute area in the color I selected as my base. I took some ASCP in Olive and added a dash of Antibes just for fun, and watered it down so that it would almost pour off my brush and into the cracks of the super textured jute, rather than "glob" on, like with typical paint viscosity. (A huge thanks to Dana at Shabby Chic Addiction for brainstorming this out with me and suggesting I use a wash when I said I was going to use a roller. That would have been a nightmare with jute. Dana, you rock!) You can see by the picture below that I wasn't worried about it being too perfect. I knew the Marakesh stencil I selected would only reveal a small amount of the olive, so I didn't bother with two coats., I have had the pleasure of meeting, knowing and learning amazing Catholics, Methodist, Buddhists, Followers of Wicca, Orthodox Jews, Non-Orthodox Jews, Mormons, Jehovah Witnesses, Agnostics, Atheists, Naturalist, Native Americans, Christ Scientists, Priestesses Of New Thought, Members of the Agape Church, Scientology, Monks, Nuns, Reverends, Priests, Scientists, Hindus, Sikh… And I’m sure there are people of more and different faiths that I’ve had discussions with, and some, discussions I’ve had over my life have been completely one sided, like a few I’ve had with sharp dressed darker skinned men in New York City who used to like to shout and point at me, and calling me out for being above all, a white man with blue eyes., Happy Holidays everyone!!!, Simon cleared his throat. “Perhaps that is the difference between my kind and yours,” he said. “Sometimes we do things that aren’t to our advantage.”, ‘I know I’m not. I didn’t fancy them,’ I said, brushing down the tailoring of a casual safari jacket and cream chinos. On my head was perched a pith helmet that matched the outfit. I looked like the product of a breeding programme between Michael ‘Zulu’ Caine and Winsor ‘It Ain’t Half Hot Mum’ Davies; just the kind of ‘lovely boy’ who could ‘blow the bloody doors off’ anything, if asked., squirt gun fights, 11 tsp. salt, TG: Mom., Optimizing for handsets can be tricky if your designs currently use all of a large screen to deliver content. It’s worth the effort, though, because Ice Cream Sandwich brings the Honeycomb APIs to handsets and you’ll significantly increase the user-base for your app. Using a single APK for all devices also simplifies your updating and publishing process and makes it easier for users to identify your app., God says I promise you some land: others have it now, but what of it? Go get it., There are 2 types of impossible gags here., I'd chosen the chocolate option, a glamorous cocoa-dusted orb garnished with crinkled sheets of gold leaf. It's hard to detect the cumin in the salted caramel inside, and the crumble of chocolate and honeycomb starts to become a little sweet after a while., An enemy’s sails of navy, Walking into Goodwill, Then there’s the other Rick, Rick Santorum. Jesus seems to like Ricks. Maybe that’s what’s happening; Jesus has got drunk in heaven and started roaring out, Rick for President, as a joke and every Tom, Dick and Harry who’s called Rick thinks that Jesus means him. (Apart from Michele Bachman, but her husband, Markus, has probably been taking his inspiration from the priestly caste snob in The Life of Brian who claims during the crucifixion, “I’m Rick and so is my wife!”), "hhhhhhhh....", - Jodhpur is also known as the “Blue City” – due to its distinctive houses painted bright blue around, “Yeah, I think that’s what they are. Have you seen ‘em? I’m trying to tell what kind they are. I went online to allaboutbirds.com. They had a sound clip of how they chirped and I played it, but it just freaked out my cat. You should’ve seen him, it was so funny — Tom was pawing at the speaker on my laptop, trying to get at the bird.”, Anyway hope you like my little project, I'll be back soon to share some more ideas with you., I know what can happen if things go a bit awry at a homebirth. I know I can access emergency help if need be. My greatest wish is that this time, I can snuggle in bed with my babe and all will be well. It's not much to ask, really?, The Fucktard. Oh Fucktard...you REALLY didn't play your cards right. The dual personality is such a turn off, as is the passive aggressive behavior that you've displayed recently. I did not let him help me move, even though I thought about it long and hard. Several weeks ago, he started stalking my profile, sending me ":)" and ";)" via the email system. Not much to respond to, buddy. So, I've ignored...I mean, if you can't put a sentence together - why should I be bothered? About a week ago I got this: "So, you obviously don't want me the way that I want you. I've tried so hard to get your attention and start over. Please contact me!" A-huh., For the sake of simplicity I’ve been writing this story with the subconscious goal of keeping each section of each chapter in a particular characters head. According to my little yellow Post-It notes in Writer I start slipping from that practice here. I slip into floating point of view briefly at the end of this chapter when I venture inside Roland’s head for a paragraph. The note tells me I should rewrite, but I’ve read this section over and over and I don’t see the slip of POV as distracting. At this point I am desensitized to any writerly wrong doing I may have performed here. I think the chapter flows properly and the brief switch in POV is harmless. However, I’m not an editor and I’m not reading the story for the first time either. What do you guys think? And do you think that because I called your attention to it?, My friend Jordan was the host (we decided to rotate who hosts each month), and she bought all of us plain frames and gave us a whole bunch of supplies to use as decorations. It was fun to see what different people came up with when given all of the same options., Less known perhaps is that following the exodus from Egypt, we embarked on forty years of kvetching in the desert, including this gem of a complaint found in Numbers 16:13: "Isn’t it enough that you have brought us up out of a land flowing with milk and honey to kill us in the desert?" Note well: our complaint was that Egypt was the land of milk and honey!, red strips, You captured something inside of me, Mr. Chairman Mallory and Members of the Committee,, No one likes being blown off., The movies only showed the good parts of criminals getting beaten up. They never showed the tedious part where the hero ran around hunting down justice. It was a lonely, eerie process. Shadows leapt out at me from every direction. I gritted my teeth and pressed onwards, stepping as quietly as I could, listening for any sounds of movement. No way would I chicken out, even if I did just nearly wet myself at the newspaper rustling against the pavement. This is what I would have to do if I wanted to help Arcania’s people from the bad guys; trouble wouldn’t walk up to me and offer itself. I had to find it and that meant I couldn’t run back home with my tail tucked between my legs every time I got scared., From a window in the Tower of Song, Here's a close up. I used the smallest flower in the Fruit and Flowers set to layer up the flower and I love the different shades of purple you can get just by stamping more than once without re-inking., Sea Swept by Nora Roberts is the first book of the Chesapeake Bay saga., woman," she says now. "If you have a subject matter for a song, you, it was fun observing the adoration that they have for each other. logan has a smile to die for. little sis has an equally fantastic smile and a sass about her that i love., Let's just have an SATC Charlotte York moment for that. Or maybe it's a Carrie Bradshaw moment, since it's about writing and since the humidity has my hair more SJP than usual. Whatever, I can float on that for ages kids., Ah, SOF. I won't go into detail, cause I know you guys can't read it, but let's just say, I think this one is going to go somewhere. Like, it has a real good chance of being published (according to my ninja). So, if you see a book called Soul of Fire by Stephanie Sky, it's mine. :) But most likely I will have posted in a HUUUUUUGGGEEEE explosion of happiness if I was sent a letter from a publisher saying yes, so you'll all have fair warning., When we look at the price of gold bullion today in inflation adjusted terms, it would need to be trading at $2,250 an ounce to be equal to its January 1980 price high of $850 an ounce., Home designers and builders have been influenced by styles from earlier times throughout American history. In the 19th Century, many homes were based on classical models., Just off the bat, I think I read somewhere that he may be working on another book. I hope so, because I'll be buying that one as well., Sorry again for my delay about posting, I have no excuses., And I'll never forget the sound of Jill's voice when she called me from the hospital that night. "Glenn is dead," she cried, her voice trembling with unimaginable grief. I had to ask her to repeat it, because I didn't think I heard her right. "Glenn is dead," came her tearful reply. I almost dropped the phone. When I got to the hospital, the look in Jill's eyes was unlike anything I had ever seen before. A part of her had died. In the blink of an eye, her life had changed forever., Before Cape Breton National Park was established, a small number of families lived in the area. La Bloc was the economic center with a cannery and wharf. This image features the last remnants of the wharf., Tonight, I had one molt that was VERY unexpected. Sarva, my smaller Rose Hair, did the deed after 4 months of barely eating. She looks beautiful, and the best part is that I am almost certain that she is a GIRL! YAY!! I measured her through the enclosure, and I am putting her at around 3 1/2”. She gained an entire inch!!, They used to endanger their lives, used to do wonders and extraordinary deeds being sure of Allah’s Help, depending upon Hls Promise as it happened in the Islamic army under the commandership of Said bin Abi Waqqas. He stood in front of the town of AlMidian and could not find any ship or boat (it became completely impossible for him to find anything of that sort) and the water of the river Tigris (‘Iraq) increased tremendously with overflooding (its water became dark) and it overthrew its foam from excessive water in it. Sa’d addressed the people (troops) over its bank (saying): “I have resolved to cross this sea (great river) in order to assault them (the enemy).” They (the people) replied: “May Allah direct us and you to follow the right path. So please do it.” Then he (Sa’d) rushed heedlessly into the (river) Tigris with his horse and all the people (his troops) too rushed heedlessly into it (Tigris) and not a single man remained behind from him; so they marched over it as if they were marching over the surface of the earth, till they filled it (the space) between its two banks and one could not see the water surface from the cavalry and the footsoldiers. The people spoke to one another over the surface of water as they used to speak to one another over the surface of earth. So when the Persians (army) saw them they said: Diwana… Diwana, i.e. mad people… mad people). By Allah! You are not fighting against human beings, but against jinns.” On that Sa’d (raa) started saying: “Allah is Sufficient for us and He is the Best Disposer (for our affairs); by Allah! Surely Allah (swt) will give victory to His friends; verily, Allah will make superior His Religion, and verily Allah will defeat (over power) His enemy, as long as there are neither adulterers nor committers of those (similar evil) sins in the army (Sa’d's troops), then the good deeds will overcome the evil.”, BLDGBLOG: Finally, have you ever considered working outside the genre of critical nonfiction, and – in an almost Ridley Scott-like way – directing a film, or writing a novel?, I started going through the guest room piles of old clothes yesterday. So many items to ebay this year. I am committed to not miss this selling season. I need to have all my auctions up by late July to not miss on the high fall/winter traffic (crazy, I know!). So I began washing and folding and taking inventory (95% is Gymboree- old lines= good $ to be had) and researching current selling prices. I think I have some possible big $$ items., When he get’s high,you see what he see’s… Which for pure imagination and graphic’s you have to give this film the thumbs up,a lot of people who enjoy getting high claim it’s one of their favourite movies,as my getting high days are behind me,I couldn’t really relate or enjoy the film., Management presented a proposal to eliminate the positions of Building Maintenance Mechanic, Machinist and Electrician I, II and III. Under their proposal:, James:, I know what you’re thinking. Is it for real? Well, put simply, no. Expect this division to be flipped by next month. It’s just one of those random hot streaks paired with some poor play by division favorites. Four of the five teams are within 1.5 games already, and the Red Sox being in dead last will change soon., And I do want to make some changes in my life. I'm not as happy as I could be with where I am now. But the changes I want to make aren't necessarily the changes others think I should be making. And I'm no longer sure what the right choices are: which ones I want and which ones others want me to want., Elvis jumps back and then does that sort of long stabbing movement with his arms, very Vegas 71 -, Well, we made it through our first day and actually had a lot of fun. The kids totally got into the teacher/mom phenomenon. The girls actually took it very literally; at one point madeline bumped her leg and was kinda crying. i, of course, said "awww, are you okay?" Sophie piped up, "Are you the mom now, instead of the teacher since Madeline got hurt??" haha :) And every time we were in the school room, Madeline would call to me with, "Teacher, Teacher!", Toni Kroos began to see more of the game in an attacking role, he kept interchanging with Robben on the right and the Dutchman drifted in to shoot narrowly wide, before Kroos managed to slip to the side of Marcelo who left the right open, and his cross fell for Gomez who was hauled down by Pepe and Robben made it 2-1 from the spot and level at 3-3, but Bayern continued to threaten, Kroos propped up in the attacking-central-midfield position to thread Gomez in to shoot at Iker Casillas’ body, whilst Robben did the same to win a free-kick on the edge of the D, which he saw Casillas beat away., One reason I wanted to share this with you today is because of how it inspired my WIP. The main character's family in my story is part of an underground group that hides outlawed books so they won't be destroyed (we're talking Dystopian fiction here. Trite but true). When I began writing the opening scene I needed a brilliant place for the exiled family to hide their books, and after seeing the photos from this bookstore with the juxtaposition of gothic arches and modern books it led me to my solution., When coming up with awesome cool SF tech OF THE FUTURE, it’s tempting to start by looking at all the cool things that exist now and then extrapolating them out to their logical conclusions. In the future we’ll have the internet ON STEROIDS! And screens in your contact lenses! And everyone will have a rocket pack! Robots will do everything! Virtual keyboards! Hover cars!, For those who don't know what colcannon is, it's an Irish dish. It's mashed potatoes with onions and kale, sometimes cabbage instead of kale. The reason I always refused to it was because of the kale/cabbage and my whole "I don't eat that stuff" thing. We still had some kale from last week's CSA box and my husband REALLY wanted colcannon so I figured I'd indulge him. He wanted to make it but I have a feeling his wouldn't have been anywhere near as good. I looked in my cookbooks and found a good recipe in Gary Rhodes' New British Classics. Gary never disappoints and this time it was no exception. Of course, I didn't follow the recipe to the T, I did make changes that I think made it SO much better. The colcannon was definitely the star of the show but the protein was fish, and it was good too!, Rosa Alcalá – Undocumentaries, We were very different, he liked me as a model, and then he invited me out for a lunch. we didn’t sleep together much, it wasn’t based on sex. He didn’t need that, Dunno’ why, in the beginning he liked to buy me clothes and all. He promised to be buying me a car and all that. That I’ll get an iPhone for my graduation and so on. Then it ended, I had enough of him because…, I received and read the ARC of Grace O’Connell’s Magnified World a few weeks after having read Patrick Ness’ A Monster Calls. World was nowhere near the tearjerker for me as Monster was (thank god — Monster was intense!), but World is striking in a different way. World is a lovely exploration of grief. When World begins, O’Connell’s narration doesn’t dive into grief so much as brush against it, little glancing touches that depict the intensity of emotion with metaphor and suggestion. The narrative becomes more openly emotional as the novel progresses, and I love how that reflects Maggie’s changing ways to express grief., “My cousins are lucky to have found you. I’m afraid they were getting overwhelmed by the place and had started to let it get pretty run down.”, The PRAOA works to increase the profile, awareness and professional business acumen of public relations agencies across North America. The group works in a professional and networking fashion to share new ideas, discuss concepts, and showcase best practices in making PR firms better businesses. As part of its mission, the PRAOA utilizes online podcast That Marketing Show as well as social media to promote and foster member organizations, and create discussions and opportunities for members to showcase their agency and their good works., The auto industry… is working too hard and spending too much money… constantly trying to acquire new customers…, I will be back with some regular posts later! But remember to live Happily Ever Healthy!, Yummy!, Anna has long history of substance abuse and heroin addiction. She has recently just been released from prison and is currently keeping well with Methadone maintenance. She's an Angel, although a pretty fucking crazy one! She dreams of becoming a writer and looks forwrd to the day when she's back on smack. Go check her blog out., I did go in a few Halloween stores looking for accessories and did find them to be creepy and sleezy and overall full of a very "dark feeling". Lesson learned, stay out of the Halloween stores, make fun homemade costumes, enjoy seeing neighbors and take lots of pictures!, what makes someone think that just because they're driving an overpriced, ostentatious piece of machinery everyone else should bend to their will and accommodate their needs? but i do think she got the hint when i looked over my sunglasses and gave her my best "what part of this face even looks like it cares?" and then walked right into the store..., God has given me eternal life, and this life has its source in His Son Jesus Christ. Whoever has the Son has this life; whoever does not have the Son of God does not have life! Amen!, Because of a persistent and irritating cough and my need to clear my throat frequently when lecturing, my local doctor in Howick had decided five or six years earlier that I was a "closet asthmatic''; I had subtle asthma, asthma not readily traceable from the standard lung function tests available at that time. To this day I don't know if I was, am or ever have been asthmatic and the respiratory specialists I have seen seem equally uncertain. No matter. Although my doctor had prescribed regular use of an inhaled steroid, I was becoming progressively more breathless with exertion and beginning to think if this went on I would need to hire a golf cart rather than trundle my clubs around the course. When your health is threatening your golf it's time to do something!, The Fireside, “ Well then, youngster” he says “ Why don’t cha get us another one of those beers. “, In a large mixing bowl, beat the butter until creamy. Add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Add the egg and beat until combined., What a drama. I collected you from after school club today, you now go Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. I have a new client so need those extra hours. You have a meal at about 5.30pm when you go, followed by dessert. Today you asked if you could have a sandwich once I collected you at 5.45pm. I said no, you had just eaten and I was about to cook dinner., Can scarcely be expressed!, 7 Rain Song Part 1, “He asked me if I knew which one was my daughter,” mom said., Cook dinner for about a month. Twice a month for groceries. Two hours for all parents. One night, I will. Insurance call. Added to the list is now, when people ask what they can bite you – and to create activities that will help them feel better able to manage the size, but with some help. Remember, gifts for men can be obtained with small kindnesses. And outside the facility, or are not available throughout the day to do it. A few hours of your time clock remains a long, hot bubble bath is like when you can luxuriate in the counts. Minimum and maximum value for the extraction of our new game. Stress, strain, and no money down and a large reduction in depression. Search by selecting a wedding gift., The thing is though that these bad boys are still bad boys after they fall in love, to everyone else except the woman they love. And I think that is what intrigues women. They can kick the shit out of a guy and then bring you roses and kiss you until your knees go weak., The stupid stuff my neighbors do and the lady that had a big mouth who worked at the grocery store telling us how she gave her boyfriend VD is all laughable. Even though the lady at the grocery store no longer works at the grocery store and in fact works at a restaurant is still nothing to complain about. I call it VD but most of you would call it “The Clap”. She has been cured of it, I am sure. I am not worried about that. I was going through the Memphis News websites and realized that if I or my family ever wanted to complain about the inconvenience of cruddy neighbors or people who need to learn to keep their mouth shut, we needed to remember how bad it was back home. Like I said I never stopped being thankful for all of the blessings and have never stopped being thankful I was not living in Memphis anymore but I have forgotten what it is like seeing bad news after bad news of violent crimes. When I hear people around here complain about violent crime for now on, I am going to try to tell them to check out the Memphis newspaper. These folks don’t know what real crime is, just like the people in the south do not know what real cold or heavy snow is like., The episode will air on MBC on May 3., I've always liked the combo of black & brown, so I took, Wellington, New Zealand, Baby brew is coming along nice., At this activity day I was chatting to a service provider of activities for children with additional needs. The ultimate aim, he said, would be equality to the point where disabled children got to hang around on street corners. And I said yes. Yes. YES. I want my child to be able to hang around on street corners., Children:, Of course, sometimes the colour instead of the ideas behind the colour can become a loaded-baggage like someone being branded “green“, which is why Kevin Roberts has suggested changing from Green to True Blue., Here is the story behind it if you are interested:, Our motorcycles have been in storage for several years now as we were living overseas and then traveling around for quite awhile. As we have temporality landed in Houston again, we are attempting to re-learn to ride – well – and trying to get the motorcycles back in good working order. Both prospects have turned into long and unsatisfying projects., I have attempted to have the boy's hair cut on a couple of occasions and the only successful (if you can call it that) endeavor was when my mom and sister took him and held him down while he was buzzed. The other times, we literally had to leave without his hair being cut., I am having some fun doing the Couch to 5K training program and tonight I will be doing the day one week three work out. I’m pretty proud of my progress so far. Its not always pretty, but I finish and for that I’m extremely proud., Registered Business Address:, In the meantime, I started back at college for the 2nd part of my City & Guilds in september, and my theme this year began as 'Golden Wedding Veils'. However, as some of you may know, what you start out with changes over the time and process of working on the project and it has already changed to 'A women's life as a wife'. More to come on that, and when I've caught up with myself, I'll gen you up., (Big brother B was off playing with the neighbor boys so he missed out on the photo shoot), But, on the other hand, it is a new system, completely surpassing the old in every way., But back to that American Pale Ale. Beer lovers know that the "American" in American Pale Ale refers to the style of pale ale -- in this case, a bitter type pale ale. I brought a few over to a poker game the other night and got some interesting reactions from the international crowd. But indeed it was the Americans who assumed American meant "watery" in this case. They seemed to think a Japanese brewer was trying to reproduce that ever-so-American Budweiser sensibility., Projected as light graffiti the gorilla portrait breathes nocturnal life into the unreal world. Huge fronts cry for attention. Grotesque steel giants wait for a character., Is the ad relevant to you? This concept could be a benefit for both the viewers and the advertisers. We are doing their work for them, but at the same time, we are getting the commercials that we want to see. Things such as MORE HUMOR, which is shown in this m&m commercial that was first shown during the super bowl and has become one of everybody’s favorites fast., The group recorded inserts for their pre-recorded presentation that will be aired on Friday the 2nd October when Bush Radio 89.5 FM broadcasts from the island as the school comes to an end., So now what do we do? Well, since both Democrats are in favor of some sort of a bailout, the reality is that there will likely be one. John McCain can't afford to be seen as insensitive, even if that's not the case. So we are all going to share the brunt of propping up a fair share of people who made bad decisions., I met the man I’m going to marry., Amy Winehouse on loop, From the spiritual level, we are already in union with every being on this earth. When we choose one particular love partner, it is because we hope to supplement and support each other in our physical, mental, emotional, material and spiritual needs. Although the other cannot give us what we do not have, he or she can work together with us toward finding mutual self-fulfillment., My mom always made one loaf with caraway seeds and one without. My version of the recipe makes no mention of caraway seeds. Because yuck. But if you're a caraway lover, by all means, sprinkle some in there. Just warn other people before letting them take a bite. Because yuck., These are realms which the now stultified and immobile yang does not understand. She is the wave form of light; she is “the tiger” of which Einstein knew he’d grasped the tail, but understood he would never comprehend the whole of. The science of his mind was inspired by the wisdom of that intangible feminine element. The now overly structured world which we inhabit despises the improvisational, unpredictable, serendipitous realm of the feminine, much to the detriment of our potential for integrated, human brilliance. And a great deal of effort has been expended in order to destroy, demean and control that elemental. It is important to remember, however, in freeing ourselves from the prisons so precisely built and mortared by limited hands, that, just because you do not understand something does not mean it is pathological. Unable to see into the dark, that is exactly what the male brain has attempted to do with the right side of their brains, so well-embodied by the female. The stones and walls that have been built are, in fact, a direct reflection of the inabilities and limiting fears of the minds that built them., portentous dialogue, there’s usually a hint of some dark secret lurking in the past, but nothing’s actually explained. The reader’s not given any kind of insight into anything. The story, ultimately, means nothing. It’s not big and it’s not clever. It’s tedious. Stop it., Less crime, better pay. Less crime, we better pray., was a big heart: Abelardo’s. At the end of the 60’s and the early 70’s, Abelardo’s view of Chicanos and mine were identical though I expressed my view principally in prose. After World War II, during my studies at the University of Pittsburgh, I had aspirations to be a poet. I wrote much poetry during the 50’a and in the early to mid 60’s read my works with many El Paso poets including Abelardo Delgado and Jesus Rafael Gonzalez. And though I joined Cesar Chavez’s efforts early in the 60’s, I was not a Chicano poet -- I was a Chicano, 3. Special deals and contests – Ann Taylor for example is using Foursquare in a recent effort to harness social media platforms. Their campaign specifically allows individuals that are mayors at specific locations in New York City, to receive 25% off of their total purchase. Depending on the successful of their campaign, they may even attempt to expand the approach to all stores nationwide. Not to mention, there are specific social media programs that will allow to trigger messages at specific times. By having the option to schedule a message, businesses can determine when they would like prospective customers to be made aware of certain information. This means that social media in a sense, is more tactical than ever., The plan was for Tars, and other scoutship captains like him, to spend up to five subjective shipyears during a search mission. Most of that time would be spent exploring in realtime rather than in the time-contraction mode of FTL pseudovelocity and the expected overall time differential was estimated to be on the order of no more than two-to-one, i.e. perhaps ten years would pass on Barsoom for the five they experienced onboard. Crewmembers joked with their planet-bound friends about returning young and healthy to sneer at the aged and decrepit planet dwellers. Everyone had a fine laugh about it., ESD report, The experiences she recounts resemble K.’s trip to the castle, as told by Franz Kafka, only without the pleasantness and humanity., optional: additional greens (more kale, parsley or spinach), Happy Friday everyone! Thanks a lot for the support, it gives me such encouragement , I truly appreciate it., Excellent digital radio broadcast. The precise date of this show is unknown, but probably follows the release of second album "Candy-O" as there are two songs from that album, with the remainder from their self-titled debut, which came out in 1978., Toss the cauliflower in 2 tablespoons olive oil, roast in the oven at 450 degrees for 35 minutes until golden brown. Remove and set aside., while driving through Death Valley, As you probably have already heard -- aren't I always last to the party? -- Richard Godwin's new novel, Mr. Glamour, is now out:, 01. Taurus/Gemini people tend to be richly sensual, enjoy the good things in life and are fascinated with gathering as much information as possible. Their facility as communicators is unmatched., Over the weekend, I spent some time with very good friends. And one friend told me to make a list for myself; a list of things I would want in the next guy I’d fall for. I’ve never been for this, but I guess I can give it a shot., There's nothing to beat an unexpected and unwelcome brush with ill-health to make you take a step back and decide what life's priorities are. It's easy to get bogged down in the rush and clamour (not to mention the sheer ridiculousness of human behaviour) and not see the bigger picture. Recently, I've read more than one blog post where the writer vents her spleen against the rudeness and sheer mind-boggling appallingness of internet correspondents who confuse ease of instant communication and accessibility with the absence of good manners. But. Do you know? It happens. Humanity en masse is .pretty unpleasant and a few irritating emailers are nothing to get in a state about. Just drive to work every day. You wonder what woodwork these idiots crawl out of. (The same DNA as us, as it happens.), State police also acted in the professional manner of a bygone era. Dick Walley, of the state California Department of Justice’s Intelligence Analysis Unit (IAU), requested and got permission to “establish a central repository for all information pertaining to homicides with the following modus operandi: hackings, unprovoked street attacks, hitchhike kidnappings; all unexplained homicides of a similar nature, and all black-perpetrator/white-victim homicides.”, This time round I intend to follow this up by answering a few of the questions I received following this post (and my design you own textbook post), 11. Always wear the race shirt of your last race at the current race’s pre-race briefing. The more recent the race, the better. This is a good conversation starter. However, avoid the tendency to explain how that it was a training run for this, and this is just a training run for the next, etc. It just sounds like your rationalizing mediocre performances. Sometimes it’s best to live in the here and now., The miracle of humus, In extremely close votes late Saturday morning, convention-goers elected Ron Morrell, a Paul delegate, as secretary and then elected Brent Tweed, also a Paul delegate, as chairman., You might wear your winter gloves to pump gas when the weather is cold. But they are usually bulky, right? Not to mention you've still touched millions of germs with those gloves, and now you're transferring those germs to your wallet, purse, steering wheel, face..., “what they needed ” for the time being., Agathe – Christine Brewer, The one with the white beads is out of the Little Twin Star box I got the other day. :), I hate that I haven’t had the opportunity to add a new post this week, but life became very, unexpectedly hectic. With this I wanted to take the opportunity to share the story of my Meme (my grandmother) who passed away on Wednesday, April 18., I'm seriously thinking about jumping on the Project Life bandwagon...SMASHbook style. I already keep an agenda type calendar - I can write down what we do & where we need to go...all in one place. SMASHbook style means any size goes when keeping memorabilia! It also means I can be free with my style. Textures, interaction....freedom!, Just a few more pale pink stitches and I can start the backstitch., A few weeks ago, you may remember me posting about my frustrations with technology. I had written it after having a conversation with my sisters and mom about how sick we were of social media, and the affects it had on us. It was a short post because I couldn't put into words how I was feeling. I was feeling that I was in a permanent 'slump' and what I thought was possible Seasonal Affective Disorder was really my self-esteem going down hill., 13. go rinse out your baggie for next use, Curing the Mediocracy, FIRST Robotics team, most work done early January - end of April 2012, I have some of your clothes. Mom gave me your pajamas to wear when I spent the night, and the beige ones just aren't my style. I don't think they were yours, either. Bears on a man who made each different tartan his own? Exactly. I can't bring myself to do anything with them, toss them or give them to an unknown who might not appreciate who you were. I was across the country when you died, and part of me worries that I'll be discarding what you wore when you told K you were glad she'd made the trip safely, when you last fell asleep with Mom making sure you'd taken those pills. You'd think this was no big deal, put them in a bag already, but I can't do it, and I can't bring myself to ask her which pair they were. It wouldn't be fair. Some of these clothes are still in a bag in my hallway. I caught Cricket laying on them, right there in the upright suitcase, and I love that she did, because you would have gotten a kick out of it. I would have called you to tell you, 30 seconds of nothing of consequence punctuated by a giggle, and we would have said our goodbyes. Until the next silly thing happened. I think about calling you like this a lot, particularly with each and every dumb pun I know would get a laugh and a shake of your head. It still takes a few seconds to realize it just can't happen., I however, did not yet pick her., Some people embrace the energy of a brilliant, pure white,, One thing we need to take away from Camping’s con is that the time we have matters and is also short. Jesus could have come May 21. He could come today. He may return in 10, 50, 100 years. There is a truth hidden in all this which we need to allow to take ownership in us. And that is, we need to make the most of the time we have. We need to be willing to step out beyond the comfortable and the familiar in order to follow Jesus and experience the power, presence, and work of God in and through our lives., So without further ado, here are a few birthday wishes for you Jen, from some of your Snoop Bloggity Blog friends., Our new puppy is 7 months old so he's almost self-reliant, not to mention cute as a button. A miniature Foxy crossed with ... something, he's small with black and white markings and kinda ruffled so we've named him Scruffy. Unoriginal but really fits. His first night, he settled quietly in his new dog bed on the old couch in the back undercover area. Lovely., To the newcomer to Peru, this bias manifests itself when asking for a soda (or gaseosa to use the local vernacular). After making a request for a fizzy beverage, the clerk will then ask if you want your soda helada (cold) or sin helada (not cold)., Done right, officials at the Army Corps of Engineers say, beach replenishment can be a cost-efficient way to protect a community and provide needed recreational facilities, especially in resort towns dependent on income from tourism. Miami Beach was replenished 10 years ago, in a $65 million dollar project. ”It’s in magnificent condition,” Dr. Houston said., The film is more message than joke, and so it ends with the barber - and his (in)famous sermon to the masses in the name of peace and love. Some critics, such as Ebert, say this ruins the film - basically turning it into a mouthpiece for Chaplin's personal political beliefs. (Other people, like zany Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Žižek, note the interesting parallels between Hynkel and the barber in how they sway the masses.) Our take was much more meek, partly because we were feeling a little emotionally bruised by the end of this film, and earnest pleas for justice and humanity were a welcome respite from all the preceding fictional and non-fictional insanity., Wondering if I’m talking about just-another festive day in India. National holiday. Ensconcing yourself at home. Complete rest and relaxation. Well yeah, then I’m talking about just that!, Nutritional guidelines for school food were introduced in 2005 after a campaign by the TV chef Jamie Oliver exposed how unhealthy food was in some places. These were then strengthened and full guidelines came into force in 2009., My initial thoughts:, This for the following challenges, See why I don't make resolutions?, Ok friends, there you have it. I'll keep this up for another week or two (if I remember!), and then you guys can let me know if you like it, or if it's a waste of blog space!, "NO IT ISN'T!" wept my girl., Starring: Zac Efron, Taylor Schilling, Blythe Danner, Jay R. Ferguson, In this first fairly simple recipe I used 3 Spring Textures, Freedom is essential because their expertise exceeds yours, in their area. If you know more than everyone on your team, you have a weak team., Front of these cards contain a large color photograph of the player that blends into the top of the panel where the players team name can be found. The bottom of the card contains a box with the players name and position. The backs were printed in orange on a white background, which makes them hard to read. There are more centering problems on the card backs than any other set, and the orange borders are easily chipped. The backs also contain typical statistics and biographical information as well as a cartoon quiz that required rubbing of white panel to reveal the answer., This is an amazing and beautiful story... and so totally worthy of the tissues you will need by the end! We all remember our first dance... only the two of you on the dance floor, holding each other close, and swaying to your favorite song as all of your family and friends watch the special moment., 'Exactly as you predicted, Mr. Graham,' said Madeline: 'blindman's buff at a quarter past three, and snap-dragon at five.', A horrible nightmare but real. After getting through our meal, Bill and I then drove to Tom's house. His wife and children were being attended by several people who had arrived when they learned what had happened. Wanda and Tom had came to our house just a week before this and Tom told me I was going to have a boy; he said he could tell the way I was carrying the baby for I was all butt! He was walking behind so that's all he saw, I guess, at that moment. He seemed awfully pleased of the fact you were to be a boy. He and Wanda had two little girls. He probably, as most men do, also wished for a son., I had a mountain of paperwork to do this afternoon and she was happily in the same room with me, fixated on her Playmobil animals. She’s always liked little things like these and the Playmobil people to carry around and hold., Since returning from Afghanistan where he treated wounded soldiers on the front lines, Dillon’s made it a point to avoid any emotional involvement. But his unexpected guest has him dangerously close to breaking his own rules., Huston Street - 3.4 WAR = 2 points, threats, A2 Swastika Girls, They had all spent the night in a tent on site to guard the raft and watch the spectacle that must have been the other competition. I know that they told some stories about not “sleeping a wink” and “strangers stumbling into wrong tents” -- and other tales of a less than quiet night. Perhaps another reason why my parents thought it better than I spend the night at home. *grins*, The one failing of this recipe is that it does not make a pretty finishing photograph. Dan suggested putting the pork chops on top of the beans but I forgot. Sue me. You’re not eating this dish because it’s sexy., 5. Get a job. Part time work is hard to get when you have no experience, but it’s easier to get part time work at 15 with no experience than at 21. It’s fun to have extra pocket money, but the most important thing is gathering stuff to put on your resume., Zhu Hai City is about two hours from Guangzhou. David is such a good guide. He points out all the places of interest. The universities and convention sites. He has been to Zhu Hai City 10 times. It is one of his favorite places to visit. The drive along the sea is beautiful. I can't imagine how pretty in the summer sun. There are sidewalks along most of the seaside in the city so you could walk forever. How lovely., You can visit Doktrine here!, Neutra RR, Swan SH, Hertz-Piciotto I, Windham GC, Wrensch M, Shaw GM, et al. Potential sources of bias and confounding in environmental epidemiologic studies of pregnancy outcome. Epidemiology 1992; 3: 134-142., Psalm 119:3… “Happy are those who obey his decrees and search for him with all their hearts. They do not compromise with evil, and they walk only in his paths” (NLT)., We had converged upon a cultural flashpoint. In regard to historical accuracy, I know I made the right call in having my characters unquestionably accept slavery as the way the gods fated some people to live., Jin, Today, I felt a settling into that summer pace, that realization that there is no need to rush, that much may be accomplished in the day that stretches out before me. So, I spent a good chunk of today with the book I'm still set on seeing published, In a World Made of Such Weather as This. Yep, I'm back to that long-winded title. It's what sticks to my heart. I spent a good bit of time yesterday reading it through and attempting to be critical of the order and presentation of the poems. I actually added back in four poems that I'd taken out a year ago, but the rest held together well. For what it's worth, this is the book as I see it., Advocacy, which encourages designers to “question their own position to assert what an ’improved society’ is and how to achieve it”. I’m not sure if the designers have thought about the “good society” but though what people put up for topics like home, wedding, life, dream, it’s not hard to have a glimpse of at least a small group of people’s image of “good society”., ‘What about Medicaid?’, Anyways so while I wait to post that thought I would share how the new years resolution have been going. This last Monday and Tuesday we worked on the storage are in the attic. We re-decked the storage area. Since we still had all the decorations down we thought better do it now while we can. Don't like to use the attic as storage but for things like holiday decorations I guess its okay. We also have started to add insulation over the garage., “If you become a catamaran and sail away from me,” said his mother,, Vanna Tour Dates:, I think it is a brilliant book, even if I did write it myself. In fact, it is the book I wished I'd had when I was still teaching full-time., Blackberries (Rubus species) on Hawaii are non-native alien pests, and in several places they are considered highly invasive and need to be controlled. We came across some enormous, ripe berries in Poli Poli Springs on Maui. They tasted great, but the blackberry canes were very large, and very spiny. On Kauai, people were hiking at Kokee State Park and covered in scratches from the blackberry canes. Hikers are encouraged to report the blackberry infestations to the park employees for removal and control. Blackberries are spread by birds and by underground growth of the roots. While they make a great trailside edible, they do not belong in Hawaii and we can see how they could easily take over whole areas. Blackberries like to grow in disturbed areas like trails and open fields., If you polled Americans you would probably find that almost everyone would agree that they could use more money. The problem is how to get your hands on some. That’s why it is important to know some wealth secrets and apply them to your life., The tactic, which attacks fundamental civil liberties in the students’ host countries, has provoked outrage amongst academics and politicians in both Britain and America. Today, Tom Greatrex MP, a Member of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Malaysia, said:, I wouldn’t necessarily compare us to a fine wine, but neither would I call us a rotting corpse. In fact, rejoined, we found an evening full of life., And then there are the ingredients. Most ice cream makers wouldn't invest the time to research and source the freshest, most flavorful ingredients, nor would they pay for them. But Van Leeuwen uses stuff like Michel Cluizel chocolate, Piedmont hazelnuts, fair trade Columbian coffee, and oak barrel aged vanilla., The highlight of the evening for me?, I can’t go back to being silent., AND, if you have any suggestions for me, please! I would LOVE your feedback!, OK - My projects in no particular order!! I think I may just have more than 6 I can't narrow it down rofl!, David in the film is good-looking but in real life not so. In the memoir, Lyn Barber writes: ”Of course my friends all clamoured to meet Simon, but I never let them. I was afraid of something --afraid perhaps that they would see through him, see, not the James Bond figure I had depicted, but this rather short, rather ugly, long-faced, splay-footed man who talked in different accents and lied about his age, whose stories didn't add up.”, If you’re going to have this fabric in your home, this Ebay seller is the place to order the pillows. I bought them for less than $40 each. (You still can’t touch them on Etsy for much less than $100.), Patrick's talk was in Hall 2, where there was also an App Zone and a Digital Zone. Not to mention a Digital Lounge and a Digital Zone theatre. It was clear what the theme of the future was to be, even if agents and publishers were all beavering away in Hall 1 selling Rights on primarily paper books, with electronic Rights as a sort of add-on, If I had to guess on how much you weigh right now, I would have to say 20 pounds. You are definitely growing up to be quite the cutie. I just love watching you discover new things., and pneumonia on my feet, B52’s, Income Tax Increase, Squashed, they come back as graceful swallows, Let 'em burn!, Brenda's a bestie and I've known her forever. She married one of my very best high school friends (the very one that taught me the basics of photography all those years ago). So technically she's not a new friend, but she is a new blogger and one of the nicest people you'll ever meet. She has a scrapbooking blog and sent me the most beautiful card at Christmas. If we have any crafties amongs us check her out., I wore my white leather jacket as outerwear - it was actually a little bit sunny out this weekend!, Waterloo sunset’s fine..., Just recently, Cole was spending the weekend at our house and needed a haircut. We got out the trimmers, the little stool, a bath towel, and a clothes pin. Once he was settled and ready to go, Papaw turned on the clippers. Hair began to fall on the towel that was draped over Cole’s little body, with a few wispy pieces tickling his face along the way. He started to get antsy, so I grabbed my iPhone for a much-needed distraction. Knowing that our grandson loves to watch himself on videos, I quickly flipped the switch and began to catch his little antics as he sat there squirming. Mimi got an idea and asked Cole to sing his ABCs … then to count. This ploy was a great success as his busy little mind was diverted away from having to sit still and instead to enjoy singing and performing for the video camera. Needless to say, he has pulled up this clip and sang along with himself many times. You also can click below and sing and count along with Cole., Razorwing Jetfighter, Less is More., Service was quite prompt, though the paltes of treasures may take some time to be served! Wait staff varied, but most were friendly and smiley. Oh do note this is the one at Orchard and NOT the one near Suntec/Marina Square! This is behind Isetan Scotts/Shaw Centre!, UPC: 813633012131, 4) Underwater Torpedo Silos Take Out The US Navy And Iran Shuts Down The Straight Of Hormuz., She went on to share how difficult it was to tell her parents., Kate’s face went wide with horror and her mouth got all wiggly-looking like when you see heat escape a radiator. It didn’t matter. I didn’t care about this bitch no more., 4. Type your name in the appropriate inlinkz box in this post., No demon,, Since I intend to promote this to my Facebook friends, there are some rules and disclaimers I have to post:, Those little mantras made me venture into baking with yeast without even me realising it. It was only after I started food blogging did I realise that many fear or feared yeast at one point in their lives. When people write to me about how I go ahead with recipes and come out with success, I tell them my mantra,'Do not fear the ingredients, they can sense it!' Atleast that's what I have been doing. If I see a recipe I want to try, I just try it. I never think about the what if's, but how's etc. Why waste your precious time pondering over such petty issues? ;-), On the third day, the water had receded enough that the occasional silvery fin would flip into the sunlight during the spawning process. I saw six knots of fish on that day, but the weather forecast indicated rain for that evening. I said goodbye to the trout, thanking them for sharing this portion of their path with me. That evening, as I watched the rain skid across my porch, I thought of the trout advancing upstream, progressing in their life cycle, and I rejoiced., If you’re in Sydney during the club’s season, you should go check it out. Tickets aren’t too expensive — ours were $23 — and it’s a riveting atmosphere to be a part of. Warning: The Cove is not really suitable for children. Many toddlers, 10-year-olds and teenagers were climbing on the seats, but the section functions on profane language., Oregano and Romano Cheese on top, then someone kills your best friend, Adidas Adizero XT trail running shoes (I love these so much that after the run, I made out with their dusty tongues), HERE IS A PHOTO FROM LAST NIGHT, THE EVE BEFORE THE MAIN EVENT. THIS PHOTO WAS TAKEN AT OUR HOTEL, AND WE TAIL-GATED UNTIL THE COWS CAME HOME. A GOOD STEAK DINNER, AND, AFTERWARDS, SOME GREAT SIPPING WINE TO LULL US TO SLEEP (WE NEVER OPENED THE SECOND BOTTLE, BUT WE HAD IT IN RESERVE FOR WHAT WAS A CALLED-FOR RAINEY NIGHT – AS FATE WOULD HAVE IT, IT NEVER RAINED). WE LIKE WINE!!, Reflecting on past experiences, whether recent or many years ago, can be an instant growth spurt. We gain insight and wisdom into living., We also began enjoying Turkish food. We loved it, but it was a lot of the same food from restaurant to restaurant., IdolMaster: 417, So his representation quit, justifiably, under those circumstances. Weirdness., Last week, we asked folks to leave us two lies and one truth, and we did the same. Time now for us to reveal our answers., Stay calm... Take it easy out there!!, A panther light and swift exceedingly,, _____I'm no Doctor, but I know Virginity can be cured., Linda's Bakery, Jaleel White and Kym Johnson performed a foxtrot. Yes! Smooth and musical! Very good! No trace of Urkel. Score: 9, 8, 9 = 26., At Stan's they welcome dogs. Even if they're on the table while you're eating., The premier also refused to be drawn regarding the previous speculation that it was CHEC which had been earmarked to develop the airport as a result of comments made by the premier., Grape Tomatoes, The 'military occupation' nonsense is comical, since the majority of those who identify themselves as 'Palestinians' live under full 'Palestinian' control, in Gaza and in area C in Judea and Samaria. But putting that aside, from Mr. Areikat's statement I assume that he and the 'Palestinans' would thus have no problem whatsoever with Israel transferring those members of its population who identify as 'Palestinians' from Israel to their new reichlet, correct?, Meryl Streep (Out of Africa, Plenty), I feel inadequate, but all I can say in my own defense is that even the best juggler (which I certainly am not) can get caught up in trying to juggle more balls than he/she can handle without the addition of some extra appendages. (Yes, I realize I'm mixing my metaphors again; it's like a big ol' metaphor soup up in here.), Noteworthy: Wondering if this guy all of a sudden forgot how to pitch...7 starts in he has an ERA near 6! and a WHIP over 1.5....I imagine there's some Dodger fans out there happy about that..., Mata asobou, ne!, The security guard on the steps in front of the memorial building watches as tears splash down my cheeks. I do not look at his face. He asks me my name. I have nothing to tell him. He asks me who I am waiting for. Jack still does not come and the whispers are telling me that he is gone for good., 9.- Competition Is None - Produced by Tonedeff, Nearly 100 moms and dads participated; check out the links to all of their blogs by clicking on that handsome fella below., Amazon Sales Rank: #3483 in Beauty, Kate and Vincent have overcome the odds and at last they are together in Paris, the city of lights and love., 8. Wake Up Dreaming, Gert here. This is pure HO/JW., Gearhouse Your Vision = Our Focus, So make sure you label your boxes well, and keep checking on those ones that are really important! Otherwise you have to rely on being perceptive enough to know when to go dumpster diving, or those things you learned / experienced / loved might just be pushed out., The USA, more than Europe and Asia, will continue to be the world's unchallenged superpower. The 21st century will be a continuation of the American Age that started in the 20th century., OBAMA: Thank God. What a blowhard! I wonder who’s going to bore me next?, The color I chose is a slate gray., The picture of Lil Vicki doesn't have anything to do with this post. I just love looking at this cutie!, Starring John Cusack back when he had a sense of humor, Better Off Dead is a haven for great quotes, most famously the line, "I want my two dollars!" from the paperboy who hounds Lane Meyer throughout the film for past due payment. Other Better Off Dead in this blog can be found HERE, and a website with .wav files of the quotes from this film can be found HERE. Your super sentimental trivia for the day: this was the first movie that Marci and I saw together, even before we were "officially" dating. Awwww., She then did a horrible little test in which she shot cold and then warm water into my ears, altertating left and right. During this odd and uncomfortable little bit of weirdness, she asked me to name things...e.g. names of women, in alphabetical order, names of men, names of geographic locations, and names of animals. And - people, this is so freaky - when she filled up my left ear with water, so I only had my right ear to work with, I COULD NOT name animals. AT ALL. And that room was spinning like I was on a centrifuge., Over time however decisions will have to be made because you cannot continue to improve equally at all distances without focused training., I remember sharing my insights about data early in my career, with a team that saw it differently. Things soured up pretty quickly. I saw myself as part of the team – I was keen to hear their voices and add my own to the mix. I thought I was valuing their input and they likely thought otherwise. I’ve now learned to share the data and offer opportunities for my team to engage with it and draw their own conclusions. If necessary, I now use questions to channel conversations towards important aspects of the data and learn what they think. In most situations, I’ve seen that my team comes up with insights that I have not considered – whether or not I agree with them is irrelevant because they have given me something new to think about. I’ve learned that putting my ideas and opinions on the table is less useful than having my staff make meaning on their own. I do add my voice to the mix, often by sharing my reflections, but I am learning to do this after they have engaged with the ideas and issues., Buying a house together has definitely been a learning experience. One thing I learned about the boyfriend is that he needs to write things down and make lists in order to get things done. For example, he has to sit down with a spread sheet and go over every expense/savings in order to determine how much he has left over at the end of the month. I handle these things a little bit differently. I like to pay for what needs to be paid for and whatever is left over I either put some into savings or spend. Simple. Easy. And no complicated spread sheets required. Part of my mentality comes from the fact that I have lived on my own before and have had bills to pay since I was old enough to open my own bank account., Fantastic and the Royal should start marketing this and using this as an advertising campaign right now while the iron is hot as this as an advertising campaign has the ability to catapult the Royal Mail into the black and even make them a company worth buying shares in before they go through the roof., 11. Cathy - Claret Toi, This week we were finishing up our discussion on insects. We read a story called Insects., So in the comment below tell me how do you structure your days? Have you mastered balancing business and family time? If so, what has worked for you..?, "The courage, fortitude and determination of those servicemen and women currently in Helmand is inspirational., Shall I be kind and post one tomorrow?, It seems that when I step in ahead of an issue, I try to do so non-verbally. Interesting. Now it is going to be a goal to only step in non-verbally and otherwise to wait and see what happens. Then, I'll wait and see how that goes., Police in Tel Aviv immediately began to arrest and round up organisers of an impromptu demonstration. It is noticeable that it wasn’t even Arabs they were arresting but photographers from the mainstream Israeli press and ‘trouble-makers’ of the Israeli left., If you are one of those girls who had such an easy breezy time being a new mom, this isnt for you. Also, I respect those girls who have ten thousand kids one after another and always have a smile., Including all of mine, Be sure to check out the store throughout the day for purchasing as today is the big release day and I know that a lot of you are really itching to get your hands on these fabulous stamps., Without further ado, here’s my bucket list of people I’d love to meet, in no particular order:, I had always dreamed of getting married in Ireland not only because its rolling green hills would provide a stunning backdrop, but also because it’s such a huge part of who I am. Although I grew up in New York, my parents are both from Ireland so the majority of my family is over there and my family spent every summer there. Luckily for me my dream of getting married in Ireland became a reality when I fell in love with someone who was half Irish (and half Spanish) and spent just as much time there growing up., Some less appropriate styles of music include the metal love song and the flamingo love song. Some appropriate styles include the slow 6/8 ballad, and the funk., Get serious about smoothies. Man, we love our smoothies! So many of you wrote in to suggest smoothies as a great way to incorporate more vegetables into our diets., HUHS is home to the fifth oldest dental school in the nation. In 1881, the College of Dentistry began as program within the Medical Department. Faculty taught practical dentistry to the medical students. N.W. Whitcomb, DDS was awarded professorship in June 1882, and the 1883-1884 school year brought the first formal session of the dentistry program., As the global standoff over Iran's disputed nuclear drive intensifies, life in the Islamic Republic has become increasingly hard for its citizens, who are suffering from the effects of a battery of hard-hitting international sanctions, Shai said., Consummates desire into emotional equilibrium, more writing., So, normally in the States I think you’d keep pushing and deliver your baby, but instead I had two nurses help me off the bed I was laboring on, walk across the hall and get into the stirrup seat to deliver. My doctor had showed up by this time (she’d checked in at least once before) and the deliver room was bustling! Dan was able to come in at this point, which I was SO thankful for. And Sheryl took pictures (see below). I was ready to deliver this baby but the doctor wasn’t quite ready so I had to wait and not push through a contraction that I really wanted to! (All that time that I was trying to hard to push and then I really wanted to and couldn’t!), Kind of, although mine turned way better than the pictures! The pattern envelope photos and illustrations also don’t really show how A-line this garment actually is. I ended up taking the skirt in at the hem quite a bit, and would have liked to have made it even more pencil skirt shaped, but I would have had trouble walking and sitting without making a back vent, slit or pleat and I didn’t have the time or patience for going back and addressing that., Keep up the good work----stay the course., Gunter is concerned that even a minor earthquake or a subsidence in the earth under unit 4 could cause its collapse., When I got to the next step, I froze. Even though I'd read the directions and thought I understood the process of painting my cupcakes, I realized that here was yet another reason I was a photographer and not a painter. My mind will tell me what to do, but my hands generally don't follow directions well., As part of the choose Hand Made campaign this Christmas, I'm highlighting some gorgeous hand made gift ideas that are for sale by some very talented Australian designers., The answers we give to those questions affect what characteristics and behaviors we expect from one another, what gender roles we ideally hold one another accountable to, and how we treat those whose experience of gender is different from our own., 11. I have 83 cents in savings., Sebastian too hides his cautious fears. Will they find a place for him on the team? Will he be teased, humiliated. He wants to be accepted. He wants to go home for Thanksgiving, a hero, a complete man, accepted and comfortable in his surroundings. He wants to assuage his mother's anxiousness by regaling stories of acceptance. He wants that pin on his lapel and a bunch of mates to wolf-whistle with. He wants one of those cheerleaders. Particularly the beautiful Cindy Cowan. Every time he sees her walk into the cafeteria she's flanked by admirers, cool and reserved but with a confidence that makes her shine. He hears music that isn't there, and feels the breeze brush through her blonde hair. He imagines her naked, firm, nubile and receptive. His imaginings get away from him so quickly he's often missed class choosing to remain seated rather than expose the erection he's developed obeying his fantasies. Yep, he'll pledge. Maybe then she'll look twice., Politicians would be wrong to assume that permanent passivity on the part of the white indigenous majority population is a given. The words of America’s Declaration of Independence come to mind:, One needs to go no further than the evening free-to-air tv in the sanctity of one's own loungeroom, before encountering advertisements luring Average Joe in for a sexual encounter with groups of young Russian women in sexually provocative poses and situations., As I’ve argued before, as someone who mostly studies employment policy, one of my biggest problem with the education “reform” crowd is their tunnel vision when it comes to education and poverty. Focusing solely on college preparation – in other words, solely on labor supply – is a bad strategy either for workforce preparation, employment, or anti-poverty when you consider the manifest problems of the American labor market., Later on:, This baby is all we ever wanted, and we are getting it! I feel so complete and at peace. It is an amazing feeling., 02 Torture, This past week, i called Ephraim my, "Sugar baby, honey, honey..." and tickled and kissed him till he squealed. He drooled all over me and waged war with his big brother to find a spot on my lap. All seven of you kids crowded into my room and snuggled under blankets laughing and talking and making movie watching virtually impossible. This is the scene in our home these days... a family, in varying degrees of maturity and growth. We live in the prairie city of Calgary in the wide expanse of land that is the country of Canada., Flying Monkey Brewing Company Arrowhead Red, In no way does this operator permanently affect the value of the variable… it is a unary operator that behaves like other unary operators. Just as the expression -a has no permanent effect on the value of a, neither does the expression (float) a., Proverbs 15:32 The ear that hears the rebukes of life will abide among the wise., Regarding drinking, it is a well known fact that heavy drinking is bad for you. Over time it kills your liver, mottles your skin and makes you look old and haggard. In the short term it makes you feel as rough as a dogs arse. For every idiot claiming they heroically knock back 100 units a week, AA has a dozen people on the 12 step program rebuilding their shattered and broken lives. It’s neither big, hard nor clever and far from heroic. At the risk of causing offence the heroes of heavy drinking like George Best, Richard Burton, Keith Floyd, Oliver Reed, are not really heroes. They are sad idiots that ruined their lives and died prematurely. The fact that they might have enjoyed doing just that is neither here nor there, Like Fryer, he called the Pacific Northwest trench a “mirror image” of the Japanese trench — except potentially even more dangerous., 2 cups of Ruby Port wine, After the serpentarium, we went to the USS North Carolina Battleship Memorial. We've driven by it many times and have seen it from the riverwalk but never actually been to it. It was awesome! We were able to walk through most of it and the see so much! The kids loved it even though it got very hot and tiring at some points. We definitely recommend touring it if you are in the area and have never done it before., I used to decorate my Dining Room Tree but since there is not a lot of time between Valentine's Day, St. Patrick's Day and Easter, I opted to skip St. Patrick's Day and go right to decorating for Easter after Valentine's Day., Fresh Baked Cookies 1 lb. Tin of Assorted Flavors $24.95: David's Cookies is your sweet tooth satisfying source for 1 lb batches of fresh baked cookies in a tin. These deliciously decadent assorted cookies contain no preservatives, taste just like homemade cookies and make great gifts for a friend, family member, associate or anyone with a soft spot for succulent sweets. Flavors include: choc chunk, peanut butter, oatmeal raisin, mac wht chip, cherry white chip, and double choc chunk equally 12 cookies., Light Creme, Scheuer: Well Netanyahu will just tell the president what to do and what not to do. That's what Israeli prime ministers do to US presidents. And what will happen in the congress is the congressmen and women who are owned or at least bribed by AIPAC and other US citizen organizations that support Israel will threaten the FBI with budget cuts or manpower cuts if they don't stop watching the Israelis., The big re-match is in 2 weeks time, a chance for the humbled Champ to prove that this was a one-off and a fluke. Barcelona will be on home turf, where they have not lost this season, and the pitch is ideally suited to their play and width., Tom: More ads: Impact tremors, Lexus, whatever., I've made two red seat pads for the munchkins to use their other grandparent's two single buggies. I've made these to measure with slits so the straps will go through., Getting people to know that my little business actually exists. I'm grateful to all who recommend, facebook, tweet and blog about me. I actually was featured in a wonderful Canadian magazine a short time ago, utterly out of the blue. And yeah, I sold some soap from it, too., Divide dough into 4 pieces, roll out one piece to a 10-inch circle. Place a 1/4th of the peach mixture in the center (about 1/2 cup heaping). Fold up all 4 sides to the center and place in a 13x9 greased baking dish. Repeat with the remaining 3 pieces of dough. Bake in a preheat 350 degree oven for 1 hour or until golden brown. Cool for about 20 minute before eating., I was recently on you tube looking up the videos I shared last week on the blog from Dr. Phil. A quick search brought up this little number from Judge Judy., Colombia Reports published an interesting article in September last year noting: “There are 70,000 farms that grow panela in Colombia and 20,000 sugar mills that produce panela. The industry employs 12% of the economically active rural population making it the second employer after coffee. In total, 90,000 Colombians earn a living with panela.”, Unfortunately, my dream never came true and I never got to see the 15,000 teenage gi….I mean Springfield, in concert., In reading that, I heard an echo say back to me, “Rather than viewing our current ‘circumstances’ as an obstacle to fulfilling our God-given destiny, or ‘as an excuse’ for pulling back from the purposes of God, we need to passionately embrace the life God has given us.”, Tommy gets the solo star bullet and it came up on top. His cartoon is kind of lame. In "Ball Four", a book Tommy has disavowed but is presented quite well in, it is explained that he showed up in Seattle's spring training camp fresh from his military tour in the Air Force. The service thought so highly of him that they invited him back offering him the position of staff sergeant if he re-upped. Tommy's response was "You can make me a general and I'm not coming back.", My next post will be all about the event itself and contain some beautiful pictures of the very long day., If we are going to ever have a conversation about racism then let’s have a conversation about racism. Talking about why we should talk about racism just doesn’t cut it. That ranks right up there with talking about arresting somebody who killed an unarmed teenager and yet the police told him to have a good day as he walked away. People need to want that conversation about race instead of pretending that racism is just a ghost story from our unenlightened past. It’s nothing to fear. And the longer we put it off the longer it will take for America to heal the wounds that we have suffered all in the name of racism and the continued subjugation of people of color., I had no idea that Jackie was such a great writer. Not only in speech-writing or writing articles for magazines, but also in writing personal letters. Persuasive, and always charming, personal letters from Jackie helped to restore much of the furniture in the White House that had been sold, auctioned off, or given way by previous Presidents. That's a pretty wonderful letter that influences a family to donate a priceless antique that had been owned by a US President, but that's exactly what many families did in response to Jackie's handwritten letters., a) Applicants that have already requested an examination, but for which the examination process has not yet started (i.e., Reasons for Refusal and other, I've learned alot from Alexis so far. She has taught me about hair extensions, how to do the "Shuffle", and how she refuses to have a COW this week... (Crush Of the Week). She has made me feel really old. :), The movie is a non-stop riot with too many classic lines and jokes to list here. Surely, like me, you have now seen or heard the movie about 12,852 times and can recite the dialogue in your sleep., This type of symbiotic corporate/government structure is prevalent in all industries and walks of like, not just computers. The same conglomerations often own the alternatives to anything you buy. For instance, while we think we are being somehow different or cool by listening to an “alternative music” station, we are just being manipulated by some very clever marketing. You see, the same corporation that owns that “Alternative” station also owns most of the other stations that your chosen favorite alternative station competes against, as well as the record company that produced it. It even puts down on-air those other stations it owns because that will make some listeners chose to listen to this particular media corporations’ other channels or stations. When we hear a song on a mainstream yet “alternative” radio station (remember all mainstream media is collectively owned by government, and mainstream is 99% of the media that you can effortlessly receive though the corporate governments F.C.C. airwaves), we are told who sings it, and then we go buy the album at one of the many conglomerate department stores or seemingly local chain stores (with corporately owned central hubs), all the while thinking we are being somehow unique from the rest of the crowd. This is marketing. And you and I are continuously falling victim to it and the distraction it causes. The media keeps us “masterfully entertained”, as Walter likes to say., After that I went back home, changed out of the suit and into jeans and a workshirt, and started loading up gear to play the first gig in my new band, Audio. I've been writing and playing with two of our brewers, Kevin James (who used to play bass in Trigger Happy and Bender) and Andrew Bartle (from the Natural Shocks and a bunch 0f other bands). We were playing at one of our accounts, The Dominion Tavern and opening for K-Man and the 45's, fronted by my good friend Kristen McNulty., Summary: The Raiders have needed a player like this for a while – a guy with a large frame that can go up and get the ball. I really like this pick and think he could push into starting line-up at the “Z” receiver position. He does have durability issues with his toe and nearly missed whole 2011 season from appendix surgery. Doesn’t have any widely published character issues., "Gytha! Are you all right?" Telenstil tried to go to the cleric's side but Derue roughly shoved him out of his way., If you want to you may sign up for two spots in the swap, but remember you must sent two different yards of DS fabric., 1 small can mandarin oranges (optional), drained, Tripoli — Somali ambassador in Libya Abdiqani Mohammed Wacays said Somali immigrants in that country are facing appalling living conditions after they left from their own country for conflict: here., My grandmother was celebrating her 82nd birthday and I wanted to create a beautiful card for her., The problem with analysing such speeches is that they are less a unified set of ideas than a series of sound bites designed to create an emotional response., REPORTER: Angle?, “Do at least one creative thing in your sketchbook every day.”, Is there some new exercise fad I haven't heard of? You know, a special exercise move? A move, if you incorporate it in your run, will eliminate another 10 calories? (10 calories is the same amount of calories you receive from smelling a donut at 20 feet.) If so, I don't think I like it. It really looks strange, and I know I'd be really embarassed to speak with someone if they should happen to stop in the middle of their run to have a conversation. What would I say? It would be a little personal to ask if there was a problem, or offer advice., Another aspect of a news feature is the opportunity to present the writer’s opinion. While this is dependent on the type of news feature and the type of readership, the news feature offers the writer a chance to subtly voice his or her opinion in relation to the topic. As the news feature includes more additional research and a larger picture, it is more ethical for the writer to include their opinion. Using the ‘Massacre in Kandahar’ by Jon Lee Anderson as an example again, he subtly looks at the attitudes of soldiers, suggesting a changing psychological view of killing. He finishes off his story: “War has a way of making all kinds of killings possible.” While the piece is not overflowing with personal opinion similar to an opinion column, writers can put their own view-point within their writing. Obviously you would need to check with your editor first., to his humble abode in Ho Chi Minh City. What a good man he is... :), More Dr Pepper UK social media goodness., Me: "Where are you?", My parents picked me up at 4:30 the next morning for our traditional Black Friday shopping. We went to Academy, Big Lots, Target, Kohls, Best Buy, and Barnes and Noble. I wasn't going for anything specific, but I did pretty well and got quite a bit crossed off my list. Between that and online shopping later in the day, I finished BubTar and got pretty close to being finished with KayTar, too! I took the best nap I've had in YEARS later in the day. It was glorious. KayTar started to get sick on Friday, too, probably thanks for Chuck E. Cheese...there is not enough Purell in the world to keep her well in that microbe convention., Sometimes trust takes time to build and develop, while other times, trust is given merely because of one's position. In such a case, it is assumed that the position automatically comes with the requisite knowledge and experience, even though that might not be the actuality. The assumption creates a responsibility for that person to live up to the perceived trust. In time, that assumed trust can be shattered if the person bearing the position proves unworthy, destroying any chance of a further relationship., They were chumps., I found myself going for walks through this neighbourhood for no reason other than to look around. The long walks to the bus stop, and long bus ride to the school were worth getting the chance to call this friendly place home., “In all the raids conducted by the Prophet Muhammad, he was the one attacked. If she knew anything about the Koran and the Sunna…, But there it was, at the end of the tenancy, after the tenant had packed up and left the house for good., So whatever reason I experienced the woman in yellow momentarily in the dream – as odd as it sounds, because of that impression, some of my other impressions of people I have continually known longer, have changed. Maybe we look or see something differently, or maybe we see it from ourselves from another’s perspective. How or why that happens I don’t know. But they do, hopefully in the end, for the better. No matter how short our experiences happen, in dreams or in actual encounters, many can and will lead things into what they are meant to finally be., So, if you focus on the things you find difficult today, chances are your brain will rehearse them when you go to sleep tonight. Isn't that fantastic?, I usually wake up at 5:30am and make breakfast., Sugar Sugar by Wilson Picket, The Doctor Who Companion: The Eleventh Doctor Volume 5, The other thing that happened was that I saw someone's Facebook status and it made me sad. It said:, Marge and Lola, having won a talent contest in the previous book (recapped in photos on the title page) are off on tour with Elvis Poultry! At their first stop, McDoodle's Barnyard however, Marge and Lola freeze up. They try everything, but nothing works and they flop at barnyard after barnyard. They're about to be sent home when they remember what's most important and know just what they're missing and on their next stop at Dale's Dairy Farm, they moooove the cows - and Elvis Poultry too., So, as is my habit, I go online and check the daily news. And I'm hit right between the eyes by these stories -- these all too typical examples of the way America is changing (coming apart at the seams). All this in just one unremarkable day (keep in mind that this kind of "unravelling" goes on almost every day):, No outwardly impressing altruistic minds., As usual, humans mess up what God intends to be good. We have taken the sowing and reaping and turned it into a name it and claim it mentality (Sow $20 and you will reap 10 fold). As much as I believe that God honors our giving and will bless it, there is no promise to make us rich. God could care less about our money if we care less about lost souls. Jesus died to save us from our sin and not to make our financial messes go away. Paul continually reminded churches of the need to stay focused on preaching the message of Christ crucified and not getting caught up in worldly things. Paul was concerned with sowing spiritual things and reaping spiritual things., Coming back to the tart, the heat, maid issues, baby adjusting to school have all been eating away on my time and earlier I managed to pack my baking at around 4-5am but by the time I hit the bed, I am asleep before my baby and manage to barely struggle out 7am. And, if I told you I had help to clean and swab and dust and put my utensils away some of you who do not live in India would be jealous but trust me I would not survive here without all the people helping me!, I will leave you with a bunch more pictures of the boys because hey I have been out of the loop with updates! Enjoy :), “If you want to reach millions of women to prevent cancer, you don’t cut off one of the country’s largest suppliers of breast cancer screenings,” said Sonia Ossorio, President of the National Organization for Women in NYC. “This is a reckless and irresponsible decision by the Komen Foundation, one that should be reconsidered.”, I am fearing that they will want to admit her again. I am going to be strong and tell them NO. We have a 4 day trip planned, we are leaving Friday through Monday. We are going to visit some friends and have a relaxing weekend. They can admit Emily as soon as we return if they want., I really should pack my hospital bag just in case anything happens soon. I've had a couple mild contractions while typing up this blog post actually. Usually I just get the tightness in my belly from the Braxton Hicks but these were a little painful. It's kind of scary knowing I'll be going into labor within the next month. I know this is what my body was made to do, but it's still intimidating and nerve-racking. I just have to think of the positive and that is that we will all have a beautiful blessing added to our lives at the end of it all. I can't express enough how lucky Jake, Jaxon and I are that we have such supportive family and friends. We love you all so much and wish we lived closer so we could physically be there with you guys., meet after so much toil but little gain, “Now don’t get angry, but I talked to him and was saying that he doesn’t want a relationship. It’s not you (but we all know, it usually fucking is), he just wants you to know that this isn’t going anywhere.” Meredith was trying to be as kind to me as possible. She worked with Craig, that was how we met. They had a long talk after a whole week of him not calling me. He was trying to cool things off and wait a while before responding to me. He could sense that I wanted a relationship and that I was already invested moreso than he was., Repent and be restored!, SO when asked the week prior to Christmas what she wanted, I thought hmmm what haven't I told anyone...? Ah- ha - PIXEL CHIX! So I happily told someone yep, that would be an "it gift" as we call them., 12. something completely different, Forward! Regress... to where?, Here's a view taken in front of the fireplace, looking towards the foyer to the left and dining room to the right. In the dining room you can see my next project - a drum table to refinish., I wish I could say they were delicious, but I cannot!, It’s important to take time for yourself. Time to relax and collect your thoughts in a peaceful way. I know with responsibilities it is hard. With children it is hard but is possible (I’ve been a live in nanny a couple times) if you really make the effort. Even if you have to set up a whole thing for children so they can have fun while you are having you time. For example make a cool tent fort in the living room surrounding the tv so it is like a movie theater for them, or a craft or even have them go into their rooms and entertain themselves with reading or playing quietly because even children could use some down time each day and need to be taught how to take good care of themselves., A $192 million aid package was frozen by the US Congress after the Palestinians moved to gain statehood at the United Nations last September., “He was willing and resolute to bear even greater torments, if it pleased God to send them., its pockets. They're yours., If only I could approach my life the way I approach a yoga class, maybe that would make me happy…., The lines were a little too long and she was already too overcome by it all to continue., Almost like looking at "the people of Walmart." Also did you mean to say she has written 2 books?, Whether you’re downsizing your home or just starting out, professional organizing and decorating author Kathryn Bechen will show you how to create a space where you can live well regardless of the size. Dedicated to helping small space dwellers thrive in their home for over 20 years, Bechen wants everyone to feel proud of their comfortable and welcoming living space regardless of the square footage., * Bryn "forgetting" to give me her report card for three days and then opening it and finding out that she truly did forget - her grades were great., usage- the frilk at the top of my favorite cup was soothing to me during my third virus fight of the Fall season, The pub features two big projector screens for use during major sporting events but usually it is conversation that dominates in this friendly locals' pub., "I don't understand.", Kim says South Korean forces are monitoring the North’s military but he cannot elaborate., I won’t do what they want, obviously. But it is more than a little troubling just how far these criminals will go and just how powerless people like the CIA’s OIG, the Justice Department, and the Administration are to pull these people into line. If that’s not it, then it must be ordered. Which is it? I still think the former, but there comes a point when you have to wonder why it continues unabated., Mthethwa was instrumental in suspending a damaging Hawks investigation into the secret fund and lifting the suspension of controversial crime intelligence head Lieutenant General Richard Mdluli., per serving: 140 calories, 8 g pro, 20 g carb, 3 g fiber, 3 g fat, His new case manager came to meet us and do the the three month evaluation. He's on a new medical plan and this one has a Dr. that does house visits. A Dr. who make house calls, that's pretty cool. We didn't like the new Dr. he was seeing at the clinic, so we agreed to change. Because she is new to us, she's keeping everything else the same. I'm still his caregiver., The friend kindly showed me the basics of how to pray it, it is in both Latin and English and I'd like to try but I'm a total beginner and I feel a little out of my depth even opening it up. I suppose anything alien to us is going to make us a little apprehensive., Right then, you’ll be happy. You may find your self laughing hard than sighing deep… having tears of joy rather than tears of sadness… having more friends and love ones rather than enemies., Of course, a romance wouldn’t sell into that market at that time, so the story is a Western-type setting where a guy teams up with mortal-enemies to travel into alien territory to rescue his ONE TRUE LOVE — only then he gets caught by her kidnappers and she has to rescue him and his new buddy., 3 autonym, Then there was this on Flavorwire showing photos of what were declared to be 'The 20 Most Beautiful Bookstores in the World'. Of these my own particular favourites are Barter Books, Alnwick, the famous Shakespeare & Company in Paris and the Cafebreria El Pendulo, in Mexico City, Mexico, with its stacks of books, greenery and a winding staircase. I can only hope I get to see a few of them in the flesh one day, if not all of them., She totally blows me away and I love her to bits., Canon Rebel EOS – All That You Need To Know, Bloggers: Enter your blog now for a chance to win a trip to Book Expo America in New York City!, Have you had a go at this months Tag Swap theme? Nip on over to the shop blog, This is again just a little walk in my mind. These places are accompanied by certain scents, food tastes, ambience that I can’t really describe with words alone., I'm off tomorrow to get some things taken care of. Important things like Pedicure, Eye-brow Wax, and Hair cut/color.. can't be having this baby looking like a hot mess.., Food Chains in Habitat: This assessment is part of an exploring activity where students are asked to observe and aquarium trying to identify its elements and members. Some questions for inferences are asked in order to assess students in identifying the functions of these elements and the relationship among them. Additionally, knowledge is expected to be applied in the last two questions being able to identify examples of other aquatic environments and animals and by ordering a food chain. Answer keys are provided., You revived like the “phoenix” and so much alive, After two days, I had to high-tail it out., In the meantime, here is my final page for the challenge:, But that’s mostly for girls cause, Despite the defense from Zimmerman’s allies, a new witness has stepped forward and said she and her roommate heard Trayvon screaming before hearing a shot being fired., For those of you out there that may be living this nightmare of having your baby in the NICU, take it from me, the nightmare will end even though at times it seems like it won’t, every small step your baby makes you will be one step closer to having your little one home with you. One of the hardest things I have ever had to go through was going home and leaving my baby in the hospital. I won’t even begin to tell you how much I cried when I saw all of the other moms leaving with their babies all swaddled up, flowers and gifts in tote and their significant other by their side…the entire family going home together. Our first step was to get the little mister off the c-pap machine, then get rid of his jaundice, off the feeding tube, then the biggest step of all…eat all his meals from a bottle! I thought this day would never come…but it did and I was able to take my baby home the day before Thanksgiving., But I caught her lookin’ at me, i am unbreakable., "Leigh, it is a worthy exercise. I'd put the sarcasm away as well, if I were you.", Netizens commented, “So L’arc-En-Ciel is a fan of Girls’ Generation as well,” and, “it’d be daebak if they really went!”, Here’s a cool workout finisher for you to try. Do the following exercises for prescribed repetitions with no rest:, i know these next couple of months will be hard, not only for myself, but also for a few of my dear BLM friends as we head for holidays and angelversaries. today, my heart is with my dear friend tiffany and her family as they mark the 1st angelversary of their amazing girl Ellie. i got the opportunity to meet tiffany and her family back in july when i went on my getaway to MN. and just like all of the BLMs that i have come to know since losing Julius, i feel a deep connection to her and her baby girl. so my heart is extra heavy today. if you get a chance, please stop by her blog and read all about her precious Ellie and say a little prayer for them., Turtles are magnificent creatures that live to 100. Though to get to that age is a perilous journey in itself, with only 1 in 1000 reaching maturity. I was lucky enough to see not only see turtles in the water, but also see them laying their eggs and turtle hatchlings racing to the water at night. Baby turtles are adorable and if they survive the multitude of dangers and obstacles in the open ocean when they next come back to the island, they will be 30 years old., Don’t hurt yourself’, ~ Craft and sewing goods for moments of wild creative abandon, yet still original in his own unique way., Hannibal Lecter series by Thomas Harris--read 1 out of 4 but want to reread them all (series finished) Hannibal the cannibal. 'Nuff said., i know i know - an EVEN BETTER version of myself - holy spaceballs - it's gonna be good!, The campaign is viral, simply because it was initiated to involve the public for a certain cause with the least cost. Launched in January 2012, it asked the Filipino people to make their say about what they think is more fun in the Philippines. The campaign was simple, people just need to tag the slogan and create their own to an original picture that shows tourist attractions in the country. That was fun because it gave the Filipino a voice, and that the campaign went overboard the traditional brainstorming among ad experts. It went viral through the Internet that engaged the young digital natives., 1325 **D-X/23/1999. “Abraham Lincoln’s Cooper Institute Address.” Illinois Political Science Association, Annual Convention, Roosevelt University, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(9), above, pp. 104-16.), It was made with cream cheese and it was cold...., *Rinse, soak, cook and mash beans. Chop candied winter melon into small pieces. Mix together beans, candied winter melon, sugar and oil. Stir fry over medium heat until thickened add flavoring and cool. Divide into 8-10 portions., School trips are always a delicate balance between keeping the children entertained and finding a day out that is suitably educational to be worth the trip., Clearly, the opposite of division is unity. Let it be our goal to unify in the name of Christ Jesus to be about our Father’s business. As we prepare for Christ’s second coming we need to become one body. Although you may be part of the arm and I may be part of the leg, I need you as much as you need me. Of course with Christ as the head, the Master. We are the Church. If we have arms, a torso, and feet–how can we walk without our legs? Or how can we have every other piece but no patella (knee cap)? There is no such thing as missing a big piece or a small piece–God doesn’t halfway do things so we must be whole. If we have our eyes set on the Lord and His plans then everything will fall into place. Don’t allow the confusion and disjoining of the enemy to weaken your testimony. Get out of titles and get into Christ., 2008 Pinot Noir– 8.00€, For All Entry Methods: Failure to submit all required information in the manner required in these Official Rules and/or any entry or contribution form may result in disqualification. Proof of contribution or online entry will not be deemed to be proof of receipt of entry by Sponsor. All entrants and entries are subject to verification by Sponsor. Entries will not be acknowledged or returned. By entering the Promotion, you consent to being placed on an e-mail mailing list to receive information from Sponsor and for other purposes in accordance with Sponsor's Privacy Policy. Individuals may not enter the Promotion by any and all methods combined more than ten (10) times in any calendar day., The words have literal bite to them. He can feel the marks they leave on his bare skin, on arms. This is, after all, shaman initiation. He was stupid to believe the foe he must face would be a physical one., Servalakshmi Paper Limited has informed the Exchange that the Company has decided to publish Annual Audited Financial Results for the year ended March 31, 2012 within stipulated period of 60 days. Hence the Company is not publishing Un-Audited Financial Results for the Quarter ended March 31, 2012., American Crafts Cardstock (White), So, there you go, that’s my day. Freed the slaves and cut off separate-but-equal at the pass. Go me., “The youth do it for the money. They don’t realize all the evil they’re going to have to do, like murders and beheadings, and when it starts getting bad, they start using more and more drugs to make it bearable. That gives Satan a foothold,” Garcia said., Now we're relaxed, refreshed, and ready to tackle the second half of the semester!, Autonomous Cultural Zones, birthed by my Lord,, How many other followers/readers do you suppose he has that are not even listed?, Meyer spent the 1980s working on various autobiographies, both in film The Breast of Russ Meyer, a proposed bio-pic/ documentary based on his WWII experiences and in print, his three volume, 1,213 page magnum opus A Clean Breast. Click here to order., I'll just state for the record once again - I control the yarn; it doesn't control me. Much., hope you are all doing great.Google is going to remove old blog interface totally from next month,sigh..i hate the new one,its so difficult to post pictures.Hmm,..well this may reduce our blogging frequency i guess,lets see how fast we get used to it:(., And they look like paedophiles. I know, cheap shot, right. But I'm not saying they are paedophiles. I'm not even implying it. I'm saying they look like paedophiles. Look at them:, This new boy, dubbed Malibu (cuz he lives in Malibu), is super cute, has a very attractive body, and has a really nice personality. He's very laid back. He's also very smart and motivated. And I can tell he's a really sweet and kind person. We met on OKCupid. He actually messaged me first. And I must say that the guys that usually message me, I'm not interested in. So when I got a message from this attractive guy that I seemed to have lots in common with, I was rather surprised and excited., Working in the back side of the foundation chain, Sc across until you get to the tail you dropped before., The following is an extract from the testimony of Steven Emerson, director of Terrorism Newswirer before the Subcommittee on Immigration and Claims of the Committee on the Judiciary House of Representatives one hundred sixth congress second session January 26, 2000 online here, This was my last morning as the father of a 5-year-old., But to assess this film further one has to shift gears. The film transcends love. It grapples with death and “water” (read nature) as major belief of the Merjan community. Merjans believe that all souls live in the flowing waters. Flowing water is as holy for the Merjan as the river Ganges to the Hindus. And believe it or not, the two communities separated by a continent believe in cremating their dead and collecting the burnt remains and consigning those remains to the flowing waters. Even the wedding ring worn by the husband is thrown into the water. Amazing that two communities so distant believe in the same rituals. Aist, the narrator, states “Our cemeteries are almost empty, only the young are buried there.” The incredible end of the film has the husband and wife meeting in the waters of the river, while another son, father, mother and the poet’s typewriter all meet in the sacred river. The narrator mentions he now writes on the “fish’s bodies.” Of course the narrator is speaking from a watery grave. Meanwhile, the end credits show Merjan couples locking locks on bridges and throwing the keys into the river. The everlasting Merjan story seems to continue to be associated with rivers over generations., For two years, my baby and me plied the roadways of the South Carolina Low country staying out of most trouble until I transferred over to the active army from the National Guard. The location of my permanent duty assignment was Fort Carson, Colorado forcing a temporary separation from my car until my grandfather and one of my uncles drove her to me. Once reunited, my Camaro opened up a whole new level of male oriented twenty-something activities that the greater Colorado Springs area offered., Following that instant, I’ve been completely at ease. The glass shards are still scattered everywhere, I’m just not worried about it at all., A major political crisis in the German capital., Have a great weekend :) Bye for now!, Anyway...track a1 is correctly ripped now...more fixes in the next days..., Not to be outdone, I decided I was going to have my own awesome idea:, Since the earliest times Jade seems to have have had a special place in Chinese culture. It is thought to have been a link between man and the gods and still continues to carry connotations of royalty, wisdom and longevity., Also gone was pretty much every picture I’ve ever taken with my digital camera. Including every picture I took when I was with my ex fiancé., Ignore the video's technical issues and enjoy the images of a classic 1940s vintage popcorn machine that was used for many years in a small town movie theater by the legendary (locally, at least) "Popcorn Lady". The Artcraft Theatre still shows vintage movies (on 35mm by a real projectionist), so if you ever find yourself driving between Louisville and Indianapolis some weekend, get off the highway at exit 90 and enjoy the show., Broaden the Palette, Now, there are those out there that find truth-telling and confrontation easy. We usually know them as “jerks.” They drop truth-bombs on people and walk away without regard for the fallout. They’re willing to cut, but not willing to stick around for the healing process (which is usually long and arduous). Paul told the church in Corinth that they could have all kinds of spiritual merit badges, prophetic powers and even possess all of the knowledge in the world…but if they don’t have love than they’re like a clanging cymbal. Which is another way of saying you’re annoying and obnoxious. What you say may be true, but when your words sound like fingernails on a chalkboard. This is not love either., Lykke threw him a contemptuous look and slunk out of the room., In international literature and culture., A little after nine, I got up, ate some bread, and then made my way to the market to admire my handiwork. As I approached, a tall nord named Brynjolf began speaking to me. He told me he could tell my pockets were a little light. I got pissed at the scum, but I spoke a little too quickly. He offered to do a con with me, and after hearing the details, I gladly accepted. All I had to do was lift a silver ring from another Madesi’s stall, which I had already broken into, and then plant it no the dark elf Brand-shei. Easy as a sweet roll. For his part of the deal, Brynjolf distracted everyone in the square with promises of some revolutionary new product he was selling. The suckers went for it without hesitation. Taking advantage of their ignorance, I crept up through some crates behind Brand-shei and dropped the ring right into his pocket. Job well done. The poor bastard was about to have a rude surprise.”, I indeed had been indifferent as the soldiers around me whose indifference I was attempting to capture., I went to a mid-July barbecue after work last night, that most languid and familiar celebration of the heat and length of days. People had brought an equally familiar range of beers along: Deschutes Mirror Pond, Full Sail Session, Sierra Nevada Pale. There were even a few Private Reserves floating around. These are all good beers (even the Hanks, in which the sweet flavor of nostalgia overwhelms the more insipid qualities of the lager), and compared to what you'd have found a generation ago on back porches, we certainly have nothing to complain about., “For God hath concluded them all in unbelief that he might have mercy upon all.”, “The last night we were there, Dr. Devoe came to my hotel room. He pulled me out into the hallway and asked me to take a walk with him. I was tired. I’d just played a concert that night at the conservatory. But he insisted. He said he had something to tell me. I asked why we couldn’t talk in my room, and he said, ‘Because they’re listening.’”, I don't know if this is their idea of contributing to Canada and integrating into Canadian society but it seems like competition and conquest to me., You may receive additional entries by:, Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels. And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal", Paul and Kerry, I met Peter through my roommate, Sam. Sam just joined the Marines and brought home two of his friends from bootcamp. Sam walked into our apartment with his uniform and gorgeous smile. He was tall with dark skin, brown eyes, and long eyelashes. He smiled as he shook my hand. I was so taken with him from the beginning. I knew that this was going to be a very good weekend., “Whatever, you’re a jerk, you’re trying to take the fun out of hockey, and you turned out to be wrong.”, As the bugle of the rickshaw plays, Thank you, God, for the gift of….., Other Churches elsewhere., 420g can creme of chicken soup, I CANT DO WHAT I DID BEFORE MAKING POSTING TO MY BLOG A NIGHTMARE LOL., 7. San Francisco Song – Camera Obscura, Every musician dreams of having their own club, and I was delighted when we were offered a bar near Euston by the law firm HJA., 2. Budget, The whippet sat for a moment in the long grass and sniffed the quiet air before looking for his master Greenfingers., The video did not upload again for yesterday but i again am not going to become discouraged I will just continue to make them and eventually they will get to you! So my goal for today is to brush, wash and blowdry my maltese. I have him brushed and am giving him a break before washing him. He is so pretty I will post a picture of him in a little while. I just opened my beautiful mini from the TWS and love it., in his eyes, - The initial $250 contribution to open an account is waived with an automatic investment plan, Treas Bhriogáid Chorcaí I.R.A. iad, Can't wait for Christmas!, While I no longer play music is a part of my soul. A simple song will trigger a memory stronger than anything else. In fact it is quite ironic that the night E spent with me out of everything that could have played at the moment I climbed on top of him for the 1st time, as I watched the look of euphoria come over his face as I slowly lowered myself onto him, a song played that I had already associated with him, making that moment, that experience between us much more intense. I remember him telling me how much he loved the way I moved. All I could do is smiled as I lost myself in him, in the music, in that passion that brought us simultaneously to a place of indescribable ecstasy., In a season now dedicated to conspicuous consumption and self-indulgence, it is almmost a crime to be poor. It is not good marketing therefore to put traditional images to the fore and to bring to customers` minds the uncomfortable idea of poverty., The writing workshop I've been taking is good. It's purpose is not so much to hone your writing skills as it is to "get in the chair" (as our instructor puts it) and write. Find your voice. Figure out what your story is (or stories are). Think about your audience. Silence your inner critic that is always reminding you that you suck and write, write, write., 3. Carrie Underwood – “Blown Away” Underwood’s quiet-loud vocal dynamic probably sounds better on the studio recording of this song. Otherwise I thought this song sounded ok. It had a nice rolling intensity and when it was firing on all cylinders Carrie’s belting sounded great! I’m not sure if she pulled off the “stiff, damaged, and intense” look, though. Her stage presence seemed more uptight than it should have been., As I am driving to my husbands job yesterday I pass airmen running, soldiers PT'ing in the middle of the road., Some entries in this blog will focus on the art of writing, some on the use of writing as a tool for self-guided healing, and some on the role of writing in other projects by Sevenfold Healing SYSTEMS*MEDIA*GUILDS., Only she wasn't so nice after all., Heat up wok and put in a little vegetable oil. Sautéed garlic and ginger until fragrant. Put in the carrot, broccoli and snow peas. Stir fry for a while. Add the vegetarian oyster sauce, salt, sesame oil and Chinese Cooking wine. Add a little water and then thicken the gravy with corn flour water mixture. Serve with white rice., But P, who as I've mentioned sat to C's left, began noticing things. He noticed that C was pressing his hand, not against the left side of his head, but against his left ear, as if he were trying to block out sound from that side. We also noticed that C often seemed distressed at meals, and that he would make angry grunting noises (which is something he does when stressed). It didn't take long to connect the dots and figure out that C was trying to block out the sound of P's chewing, either by covering that ear or, if/when that didn't work, by making other sounds himself to mask the chewing sounds., OK, that's the crime bit----, Here is another link that we think is a beautiful representation of adoption:, Remember that cool song by Hank Williams Jr about a country boy surviving? This ain’t it. This is some weirdo’s apocalypse fantasy where he beats up ungrateful bullies who’s wives apologize to him., To Enter~, I had a nice non-stamping weekend---painting garage doors, weeding flower beds, cleaning refrigerators...all that fun type stuff! I did manage to whip up a few card sets to give as gifties for Mother's Day. I used Jen's Sketch For You To Try (SFYTT April)., We have started the cloth diapering - part time around here. Punkin is wearing one as I type. He seems to like them or doesn't notice a difference, but I think he does because he danced his little tushie off right after I put the first one on him. Apparently before he got to wear them he thought they were for Sissy hehe I tricked him good huh?, Irrespective of the fact that I go off blogging for long intervals, April marks the anniversary month for Flavours and Tastes. I created the blog on a whim when Laavanya sent the link to her blog. Initially I wanted to follow and try recipes from bloggers. Then as I wanted to record a few recipes for my daughter and few of her friends, I made posts and from thereon it has been a very happy blogging experience. Today i count myself blessed that I have many friends through this tiny space that I interact virtually., I'm going to have the ol' homebrew flowing for a bachelor party next week. I'll have a Kölsch, an Imperial Stout and a Belgian on tap. The party will be for my buddy Alexander. I'm going to be best man at his wedding in April., Intermodal aspects: Pedestrian-friendly station. SMART, DDOT, charter buses; corporate and hotel shuttles; taxis and personal vehicles. Bike racks. Provides easy access to The Henry Ford, Rouge River Gateway Trail, west Dearborn and the University of Michigan-Dearborn. In future, will support Ann Arbor to Detroit commuter line and Detroit to Chicago high speed rail corridor., A dragonfly flutters in the dream, While many are familiar with the stories of uprisings led by Nat Turner, Denmark Vesey and John Brown, a significantly fewer number of people know the story of revolutionaries Charles Deslondes, Harry Kenner, Kook and Quamana who led a group of enslaved Africans toward a vulnerable New Orleans during the annual Mardi Gras celebration in hopes of gaining their freedom. That is about to change., Earlier this year when us girls went to Mabula for a week of chilling and scrapping we came across this old yellow bus at a little farm stall, and being committed scrappers we could not pass up the opportunity for a photo (ok more than a photo)., Blue Mulberry Paper, Thomas said that the intiative would initially boost regional trade by 10%, and eventually by 50%., Who’s the first person outside your family you remember meeting?, SH: But you should have reminded me., Buried as he is deep in Zeffirelli's staggering and underappreciated by film students Jesus of Nazareth (1977), it might be understandable how I couldn't google any decent (non-Xian) appreciation of Michael York's ferocious John the Baptist anywhere on the web. Their loss, dumb film students! Don't let the Christians fool you! Zeffirelli's film is way better than Last Temptation of Christ., As our kids get older, we are noticing that they are adopting who they follow and emulate on a regular basis. After a few episodes of “ ICarly” it became apparent that Sam was Anna’s hero, much to Eli’s dismay. Eli will copy anything that screams or makes noise on the TV and loves books that have that vibe. Even though he’s not real verbal yet, those things stick out for him and he readily copies. We worried early on in the adoption process about being matched with a boy, as we have gone on record as saying that it’s easier (and cooler) for a girl to have two dads than a boy. Just look at Rachel on “Glee” and how is she very vocal and sometimes very adamant about her parents and their sexuality. The slur “fag” is still the default taunt for playground harassment, and for a boy with two dads it’s open season, so naturally, we’re going to have to be aware of that as Eli gets older., on the road to Chicago., NOTE: Wayne Allyn Root can easily be verified. He graduated valedictorian from his high school, Thornton-Donovan School , then graduated from Columbia University in 1983 as a Political Science major in the same '83 class in which Barack Hussein Obama states he was., “It’s never to late to become who you might have been.” –George Eliot, For it’s Tommy this, an’ Tommy that an’ “Chuck him out, the brute!”, I felt really well this morning and made a receipe I found off Pinterest. I will be posting more pictures from that adventure soon. I'm excited for this year and what it will bring. I've already got the itch to start on the garden and my next knitting project (hopefullly the boys will cooperate!)., I don't want small talk and worrying about anyone's opinion., does not exist. Your law firm is bankrupt. There is no money. We have, The marble subway tiles are from Home Depot. In an ideal world, I would've gotten carrara marble counter tops. However, they stain. Enough said with four kids under the age of 10. This was my way of incorporating the marble without it being on a used & abused surface in the kitchen. All of our appliances are Kitchen Aid. This go round we purchased a slide in range. Holla for slide in ranges! There are no gaps on the side for gross stuff to fall into. No more cleaning the sides with a toothpick or fork. Yipee!, Feeling good today to have laid down the mantle of doula. (I never liked that word. It doesn't adapt, how does one conjugate this term? Doula-ing? For heaven's sake.) It wasn't my best work and as I am speeding straightaway towards the end of the decade of my fifties, it's right and proper to release all endeavors that don't fit like a glove., Rolling your windy tides across the sky,, It's time to put the convertible away for the winter, anyway, and now I can go back with the Honda. To my felons, my rednecks, my People of Walmart. I'm going to buy scads of aerosol cans and stacks of Styrofoam and stuff everything into mountains of non-biodegradable plastic Walmart bags., I wondered, when this incident took place, and when they said that 33 people had been killed at a university… I said that I wish I knew who the killer was. My heart was filled with fear, but I realized that they were not saying anything. They knew who it was right from the start. When they realized it was a South Korean, they kept silent. What would have happened if it had been an Arab or a Muslim? If it had been an Arab Muslim who had killed 3 people – not 33 – what would have happened? The world would have turned upside-down. There would have been commotion and turmoil, and all hell would have broken loose. But since he is neither an Arab nor a Muslim, they accepted it somewhat quietly. They did not talk about it much. This is what is called a double standard. A double standard, a triple standard, or even more… That’s America for you., ND now partners with PASOK in an interim government in making sure Greece is keeping its austerity plans after receiving bailout from Europe and and the International Monetary Fund., as one old tree calls it a day, here we are creating new things, Jeans and T-shirt, or designer clothes? Designer clothes, In sympathy for others, he would pop up in advance of blog posts and mutter those immortal words: "Yaargh! Here be spoilers!" before vanishing into the night., Getting ready for school this morning Mr. Sensitive spied leftover Easter chocolate and asked if he could have it after he ate his eggs. I need to say that (1) – we never have chocolate because Little Miss Adorable has Prader-Willi Syndrome, (2) – Mr. Sensitive misses out on these kinds of treats, and (3) – we never do things like this. I said yes., Perfectly clear? Holder was grilled repeatedly by Republican Senators during his Judiciary testimony, asking him to make perfectly clear if states are failing to adequately punish hate criminals. Holder couldn't present even one example of such failure on the local level., As Gottlieb points out, you already pay taxes on the Internet. “It is taxed in the same way that catalogues, mail order and TV sales are.” Indeed, “Every time you access the Internet, you are paying telecommunications taxes.” Online purchases that are not taxed include travel and financial services, vital to the vitality of the economy., Anyways, I’m not sure who is into all this scary/horror stuff, but it obviously sells, or they wouldn’t be producing so many horror movies each year. Just the covers of some of these movies is plenty enough to creep me out., Now, don't you dare laugh, What about you? What sort of things would you or are you looking for in an agent?, Darraj, Susan Muaddi. “It’s Not an Oxymoron: The Search for an Arab Feminism” Colonize This! Young Women of Color on Today’s Feminism. Eds. Daisy Hernández and Bushra Rehman. Emeryville, CA: Seal Press, 2002. 295-311. Print., My limbs beating time with the tentacles of trees., I would love to have another season. This is a solid show, that has consistently good gags. I say gags, because every episode has 3 to 4 running jokes that are silly, in a laugh out loud way. When it hits emotion, it usually does so well. This is easily one of the top ten comedies on TV right now., To Make the Clock:, We also need to ask whether it is really necessary for Northern Ireland to have 19 Spads when Scotland, a country with a population three times as large, can make do with 11., We are the reapers, but they went to sow., In a letter dated November 10, 1958, Steinbeck gives his son Thom some inspirational advice on love. Without reading Thom's letter, it seems like he was questioning if love he was feeling was real, and if he should tell his intended., Blend all ingredients together very well. (I recommend using a food processor.) Squish the dough together. (I transferred the dough to a plastic bag then smushed it together in the bag. It’s much less messy this way!) Roll into balls, cookie-cuttered shapes, or bars… or you can even use it for a pie crust!, 10.Add cardamon powder and stir for a min and remove from flame., Instead, we should relax, and approach our problems with the calm assurance that He is with us; our partner and our help in all situations. It is then that we will be able to most effectively face our challenges., Identity issues may manifest in a variety of different ways. For example, some people with normal genitals and secondary sex characteristics of one gender privately identify more with the other gender. Some may cross-dress, and some may actually seek sex-change surgery. Others are born with ambiguous genitalia, which can raise identity issues., So, as a gesture of goodwill (as my bank calls it when they reluctantly agree to refund my own money which they have quietly stolen from me), I am not only going to wipe the slate clean of all negative points, but award each and every one of you a free and gratis bonus point for having entered into the spirit of things in the first place., Granny squares are the best way to learn to crochet. Try out Little Tin Bird’s tutorial, which I found really useful. My top tip is to make sure you are gently pushing your clusters of trebles around the ring, so to define the ‘corners’ of the square. Keep an eye on your tension, too: too tight, and your square might start to curl., On the outer wall of the castle is the ruin of what was once a thatched banqueting hall where guests would retire to drink sweet spiced wine and eat sweetmeats after the main meal.There are two remaining windows with lovely stone carvings on the arches., The lost souls., my want for a new tattoo intensified last night when marcos' good friend stopped by our house. he lives in st g, but is up in the salt lake area a lot due to the fact that our artist lives there. and we are right in the middle. so he always stops by to show us his latest piece., Every London borough is different, I’m with Haringey, so basically there is a team of community midwives that deal with homebirths. I had my first appointment with Keiko, a really chilled out Japanese lady, who immediately made me happy as she was so relaxed. Exactly what I wanted - i hate a lot of fuss and she was completely zen-like. She went through a health checklist with me to make sure I was eligible. Technically you have to tick all the boxes to qualify for a homebirth, stuff like you cant be asthmatic, you have to be between 37 and 41 weeks pregnant etc Its basically only available for low-risk pregnancies and I was lucky enough to not have had a single complication my entire pregnancy., The next stop on my SB trip was the aptly named Santa Barbara Winery (http://www.sbwinery.com/). The tasting was only $10, and you were gifted the glass upon completion (old school and an awesome memento). I was partial to their reds, but that’s how I swing normally. It’s convenient to restaurants and sites, and an easy place to enjoy quite a variety of wines. Did I mention all the available free parking? I know that seems like an odd selling point to many, but if you are from Los Angeles, you know how key free and easy parking is., While I was going through my Michael file, I discovered a letter Robert Cormier had written to my editor., Most people affect engage in their restaurant crew or one from the restaurant managers, but additionally, there are positions related to brand management, business marketing, and business management. Likewise, talented chefs and food scientists may also be welcome to apply., Ahhh, but the source. Where did it come from? Having now seen that he was handed a steaming pile, that he then took and passed along, our Security Manager was less than enthused. What @sshole passed that info? So, he finds the email, scrolls back down it to the point of origin and finds... Homeland Security. No joke. Couldn't make this up if I tried., So....it's Friday the 13th. Don't know why people associate bad luck, etc. with it. I know there's a story somewhere and maybe the Hermit can find out and let us know. Don't know why the number itself is considered unlucky. Perhaps you can enlighten me., When my children were wee, I focused on kitchen safety. I taught them how to properly mix, measure, cut and handle the stove and oven. I taught them how to follow a recipe (and subsequently ignore it completely!) And then I left the kitchen. Turns out, what was stressing me was watching the process and fighting the urge to take over., Our budget is tight for this project so we have decided to remove the carpet and put down a new 5/8" T & G plywood sub floor and stain it ourselves. Today I will go out in search of the perfect colour stain. (Funny, my husband suggested the colour I stained the stairs might be nice! I think he likes the stairs!!! No, the stairs are not done yet...did I mention I pulled all the tendons in my right arm? Did I mention that I am right handed? More on that later!), In this story there is even greater reason for joy than the knowledge that Jesus had risen from the dead. Through the resurrection Jesus proved everything else he had taught during his three years of ministry was true. He proved that he really was God’s Messiah, the king, come to reign on earth. As Jesus said, all that was written about him had come true, including his suffering, his death on the cross and his rising from the dead. And then we hear the outcome of all that Jesus had done: repentance and forgiveness of sins were to be proclaimed in his name to all nations., “Oh hi Jeremy, have you come to rescue us? How grand,” she said weakly with a vague smile., 3) Surprised that I have a few other relatives researching our family tree as well – all I had to do was reach out on Internet research sites, and there they were!, Following the flawed in-for-a-penny-in-for-a-pound principle I stumbled on: ‘une chausette.’, I wasn't much in the mood for colouring today, so I decided to try a sentiment-based card. I LOVE these Christmas interior sentiments!, The Committee first met by conference call on July 15. The Terms of Reference given by the Assembly of Bishops were reviewed, and the Committee formally structured. The Committee noted that several of the identified fields imply future collaboration with other Committees of the Assembly of Bishops., The meal was simple to produce, and lovely to eat., vinegar, gargling with 79, Fluorescent sea-fish drifted, weightless, Thomas J. Celic, 43, New York, N.Y., Among the Hezbollah killers released is Samir Kuntar, who is returning to a hero's welcome in Lebanon,organized by Hezbollah and the Siniora government. He is seen as a heroic figure by both Hezbollah,most of the Lebanese and by the Palestinians, and it is revealing to look at why Kuntar was in an Israeli prison serving two life terms after being convicted in an Israeli court., He knew who it was immediately., I made the precious boy a breastfeeding beanie and I was honored to see it on him in some gorgeous photos., * Draconian gun laws, On the way to airport, we passed by La Chapelle at 19th arrondisement. Wow! almost the whole stretch of the street line up with halal shops (restaurants n butcher shops)...hmm too late to discover for this trip ..Maybe next time., When I was a child, my parents had a complete set of Dickens' novels bought through the Daily Express I think. They had a red binding and as soon as I was old enough I devoured them. When I left home I bought a similar set from a secondhand book shop. I have the Oxford complete set now, a present from the encyclopaedic husband, and the cheap ones are up in the attic but still on shelves, not hidden away in boxes., I am closing in on the third revision of The Vrykolakas Deviation. I'll set it aside for a while and give it another read after that. Maybe get someone else to read it as well. And THEN... I don't know. Do I just continue down the indie author path? Do I submit it to a small publisher for consideration? Do I crawl under a rock and mope for a while? I don't know., week, loving enough to help man beyond the realm of medical science. This has been, My children love pasta, in all its glorious shapes and sizes, and only with cheddar cheese. Only my Little Swimmer likes his pasta with sauce and the cheese., Private Equity enters into an existing company, collects significant management fees, takes actions that may or may not benefit the company in the long term in order to make it more attractive to sell, and then sells. Private equity makes money off the gain on the sale and the fees it gets, which means that they can fail at the task of strengthening a business (keeping in mind that making a business stronger is not their charge), watch it go under, and make money, leading to layoffs for hundreds of people whose only sin was working for a company acquired by private equity., 06. Moglie Che Va... (01:47), (See Uncle Doc's recipe for turtle soup), Yeah, conservative critics . . . . like the Washington Times. Way to stand behind your politics, guys., I feel a lot better now that is done. Now I can carry on with the pond that I decided to start digging!!, We're now homeward-bound to rest up for a few days, do some laundry & pack everything up again for 10 days at the Rat Race Competition in Oregon. I'm looking forward to seeing old friends again but already miss the new ones I made here., Here are the Before and After's of the painting we did…, When I worked as a screenwriter for children's television in the 1990s, for the likes of HBO, Paramount, Hanna-Barbera, Alliance-Atlantis and the CBC, I was sometimes called upon to write "bibles" for shows. One of the chapters was usually on the "danger factors" or "violence levels" for the kids at home - or, to put it plainly - could they repeat this at home, and die or kill or wound or injure themselves in the process? Most of the shows I worked on wanted to avoid, at all costs, danger levels that could or might lead to a child being hurt, in any way - and indeed, psychologists worked with writers often, to strike a proper balance. This sort of concern might surprise some industry-watchers, who consider everything aimed at children as cynical or profit-led, when, in fact, and not just to avoid litigation (but that too), quality is often uppermost in the creators' minds., Before Microsoft hogged the limelight, before Apple became famous then almost disappeared and came roaring back again, before Dell, Oracle, and all the names you hear today in the information technology world, there was IBM. This was the big cheese that lorded over the scene for decades., Now, I completely understand where this sentiment has come from. I went through the "training" my district provides, and it was really no help at all. And the requirements to work as a sub are very low (to match the pay and nonexistent benefits), so of course, you don't usually attract the best of the best that way. I have witnessed some scary subs in action too and heard the horror stories of the ones I haven't seen, so it's no wonder that others have these opinions of subs., About Anne:, Tom: oh jeez..., The house that you see on top, is the usual house that you will see the workers live in on these ranches., you can smash an play, I don't follow the NBA. The finals last year was as close to interested as I've been in years, and the work stoppage that followed quashed any inkling I'd had of giving a shit. Still, I can't turn on ESPLin without hearing about this Jeremy Lin dude. Personal take? It's the same without a hot rookie hitter in baseball. Once he does a once around the league, adjustments will be made, and he'll be revealed for the true quality of player he is, depending on whether he can adjust to those adjustments himself., Be extra careful not to push on the clear plastic piece on the small end of the viewfinder, as it may push inward. If you do happen to push in the little plastic window, you need to try to glue it back in place through the screw holes in the viewfinder, which sounds extremely difficult and frustrating. The front chrome piece does come off, but you stand a very good chance of breaking it trying to do so., And I now have a 55,204 word description of 'My Greatest Life Lesson'., Yolanda extended the offer to allow us to pay full price for the dining plan. She began to plug numbers so I told her that I had already booked us a reservation with the Free Dining promotion offered to the public. She decided to compare the prices for us with using the cast member 40% off room discount and paying for the dining plan, to the Free Dining promotion. We were saving about $400 going with the Free Dining promotion over the room discount so we stuck with what we had. Yolanda cancelled our cast member discount reservation for us. She also downgraded our room back to a standard view at Caribbean Beach Resort so we could get the difference that we had to pay to upgrade in order to have Free Dining. This was much appreciated because the Pirate Room did not appeal to me for many reasons. Yolanda took my room location request (Jamaica) and she also told me that she put us down for an upgrade at no charge if one is available upon check in. Whether this means an upgrade to a preferred location or a... deluxe resort... I'd be satisfied. This was very nice of her to do this., Debbie, Howard and his magical aspirations, Jessica tried to tell herself, were nothing to get worried about. In the week since their conversation she’d seen him twice, once when he needed to know her height and weight and once when he stopped by to fix their leaky faucet. Both times he seemed like the same old Howard she’d always known., Hahaha well we’ll get back to you on that dude. Turns out the reason a registered Ultra Brain Scientist didn’t have a clue what caused it is because yeah basically we don’t have a good theoretical or practical idea of what causes it. In fact, a couple papers dedicated any words to “parapyschological theories” like telepathy and astral projection. The weirdest part is how half-assed a lot of these are. I mean obviously Freud tossed out one about how you want to fuck something and your current situation is causing you to recall a repressed fantasy… which makes total sense! That’s why deja vu only ever occurs in situations that anyone would fantasize about and not in completely unremarkable ones. God it’s like he didn’t even finish listening to the description. There are a couple psychodynamic theories like that: it’s a defense mechanism, it’s dream residue, it’s wish fulfillment, etc. None of them make any actual testable predictions or in any way explain the reasoning or mechanism beyond saying it kind of sort of makes sense sometimes if you think of it like that. Good job Psychodynamics!, I seriously don't trust cabbies- I do not have good experiences with them ever. Read about my last experience ., I think if your timing requires that you leave them for 8 hours, roast at 200 instead (like I did the first time), it gives you more leeway, these seemed a little darker than I wanted though they are still quite tasty., Exemple: chocolate, Unlike Facebook, where both parties have to agree to befriending each other, Twitter is more open. It’s perfectly possible to chat to people on a regular basis without mutual followage. Twitter offers the opportunity to directly contact people who may be Good To Know and who, shock horror, may become Proper Friends. The directness and ease of such contact is really not to be underestimated. As with all networking, though, it’s worth, I attempted today., Many thanks for your entries last week.... lovely creations though not too many... guess you don't like Christmas or acetate lol.... sorry was late with comments but only just back from the experience of a lifetime.....was demonstrating at a Trade craft show in Perth..... a first for me., Chicken coop later in construction. With the exception of a couple of 2x4's and a few sheets of OSB for the floor and ceiling, it has all been repourposed materials. It's amazing what you can find in other people's trash heaps., After our conversation I did a google search on Polar Bears. I learned that some populations are diminishing, but not all. Still they are an endangered species. I also learned that overfishing of cod and some other species is resulting in fewer seals and therefore less food for the Polar Bears. What she said to me about “bring back the fish” then made sense. If you would like to learn more about how you can help the Polar Bears, here are a couple of sites I found that might be helpful. Polar Bears International and World Wild Life Organization., Why do you cut such precious things?, Wow! what a river! We first crossed the equator again from south to north this time and had another ceremony with King Neptune but minus his queen. The captain was thrown in again plus the officers and then the passengers volunteered to participate which meant kneeling down with your head down for icy cold water to be thrown over it. You then had the opportunity to say your last words (I declared my love for the captain!) you do get silly on this ship but all in good humor and then thrown into the pool to join everybody there. Unfortunately I got terribly sunburnt, not intended but it all took place at noon at 0 degrees latitude on the equator. Blast it, I was so cross with myself. It was called the ceremony of the Blue Nose, though mine was bright red and we had crossed into the sea of the Pollywog. We have a new cruise director and it is entirely up to him, hence the different ceremony. Got the certificate again. so now I have really experienced it all., time (a long time – sometimes our industry is slow to see the obvious) level premium, Jean Cronin 1960s vintage shift, The Loft Market €98, As the time for producing French tax returns approaches, it is worth looking again at your tax position, especially since bills will automatically rise from this year, since allowances no longer increase with inflation., In goes the frozen peas and the precooked chicken. Sauté well on medium heat, just to thaw the peas., Prague does not seem to mind closing down a block or two of streets to car traffic, except those vehicles needed to service the local buildings. On these blocks, tramlines along with room for pedestrian traffic brings forth crowds of people walking, eating at streetside cafés, and shopping. Traffic jams happen at lunchtime and in the evenings. Cycling is slowly undertaken by weaving through crowds on very rough cobblestone surfaces, as if it were a ballet on wheels., Last night we stayed up late playing dress up and eating snacks., rest of the afternoon., *Contact editor with a requested story idea for an anthology., When I look at nature, or walk down a street in an old town...everything makes itself noticed to me...from a decaying leaf, a white moth on a metal wall, the expression on a person's face, to the colors in the air and all around me. I love the process of layering, of adding glazes of color and taking away., Go to a concert at Sainte Chapelle. This could theoretically still happen. What's more, this is the perfect time of year since the concerts are held in the evening and it's still light now until almost 10 o'clock and one could appreciate the light coming through those amazing stained glass windows while appreciating the music., I listened to his notes, ASH Scotland, "And I stepped on this pokey thing.", Gene Simmons, so this little blog has been viewed many more times than i ever expected., And thank you so much for your patience! I promise to launch soon!! Remember to keep track of us on facebook in the meantime!, I'm so VERY excited about having my own space to set up...don't tell my husband this, but I'm having so much fun doing this that if my endeavor only profits enough to support my junk habit, than I'll be thrilled. I love staying home with my kids, and that is still my main priority, but I think doing this is only making me a better, happier mom., Anything to avoid?, How would it feel to dream for yourself today?, I was able to get 10 steaks out of one of them which made it $6.02 for the pot roast and 60c for each steak!, I lost my shit when I hung up the phone. I cried hard in a fit of pure self-pity. I went to the coffee shop and sat feeling very sorry for myself, that I had somehow let Helen down terribly. I posted on facebook, without explanation, that I was weepy, that I'd crossed over the long-treaded lucky-line into full blown incompetence, that maybe I was feeble-minded., When you have drawn off a part of the lye, put the lime (whether slack or not) into two or three pails of boiling water, and add it to the ashes, and let it drain through., Teddy Long is in the ring for our next match, as a ring announcer. It’s going to be Antonio Cesaro, facing Alex Riley., I don't know what it is about the budget labels, but I just love buying the albums on those old budget labels! Most of the time, I find that the covers were just much more fun. You could almost always count on a pretty girl on the cover (the "cheesecake" covers), as this album illustrates, although this one is probably less "cheesecake" than others. This particular album is by Herbie Lane, with whom I am not familiar at all. But it's a pleasant enough record with all familiar pop standards. I think it was worth the 50 cents or $1 that I paid for it. :-), Amarysse the Cornac Fighter set out into the Trollmire, determined that she was going to find whatever hidden treasure the forest held. She didn’t let such petty concerns as monsters worry her — she had her sword in her hand and was ready for anything the forest could throw at her., €2.30 - washing-up liquid, ~ Mary Elizabeth Coleridge, For the past 7 weeks I have been part of a team at my gym in a competition called Biggest Thriver, sort of like The Biggest Loser, except no one gets voted off, thankfully. I worked my tail off, literally. I met some AMAZING women & I mean AHHHHMMMAAZING! I ended up losing 15lbs, lost 5.5inches from my belly and my booty, lost 1.8% body fat and took 2 minutes 35 seconds off of my mile. It was hard but so rewarding! It was such a great group of women and the support of that group was incredible and priceless! Our fantabulous and fearless leader Debra asked us all to come up with some tips, advice that we would give others trying to lose weight and share a menu/recipes to share as well. I thought this would make a great blog post, as people ask me this all the time, these days., These are a few of my favorite things…, In December 2011, Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung visited Myanmar to attend the 4th Summit of the Greater Mekong Subregion (GMS) held in Nay Phi Taw., 1 tsp ground cumin, So, Scouts was good. We had 5 Scout age boys (and a TON of siblings). Emily taught them the rules, had them practice some skills, then they played a game. She really did a great job teaching/coaching them. Thanks, Emily!!! I owe you one!, Citrus fruit, Final Chorus, With silicone and poetry, so the threat of possibly something going wrong has my nerves a wreck and i'm scared of possibilities - i love my Daddy to pieces and wish upon you all that you can say the same about yours, that. It was a different time and place and thank God she isn't in that place anymore., On Friday she posted on her Twitter, “I love you dear madam. Let’s do the healthy diet together. I love you mommy”, along with a photo., Overall, I am quite disappointed with the Roses Ultimes de Chanel Collection. While most of the shades are lovely, I don't think I was particularly blown away by any of the items. Chanel has released many unique, fashion-forward les vernis in previous collections and these just don't seem to be on the same level. I think most of the nail polish shades are dupable from other lines for a lower price point. At $26USD a bottle, I was expecting a lot more. As for the glossimers, Jalousie is the most opaque out of the 6., The common area has both a paved patio area and a small lawn for picnicking. A wide entrance and semi-circular bench around the base of one of the Oaks provides a generous invitation to enter and linger. No other seating is specified, but could be added, for example, on the ends of the raised beds., If one person is brutalized in front of everyone, by the time that ends, everyone in the area are going to take their baggage and leave the community., Tyra Mail! – Beauty is in the SMIZE of the beholder. Fierce & Love, Tyra, The Queso Fresco is packaged in one- and three-pound vacuum packed wheels; the Panela is vacuum packed in one- and three- pound sizes; and the Requeson is packed in eight-ounce and one- pound clear plastic tubs., I've already gone into detail about the 'stripping back' process of turning a cliched phrase into something with real meaning. But what we didn't discuss was the tricky issue of the cliches hidden deeper in your work. Because cliches aren't just bland, meaningless phrases that disconnect the reader from the brilliance and emotional intensity of your ideas. Cliches can also get between you and your ideas., When you’re deranged, again and again, and not just because it is in the middle!, But apparently something was unclear. I was unclear about the fear., "You won't put that on your blog, will you?" she asked after I snapped this one., new front door, Once inside, Rayanne and I had the first moment to talk about the boys., So today is day one for me to getting back to that more disciplined Susie., 1. I am trying to kick the Diet Pepsi habit, but I'm not always succeeding. I need caffeine, but hate coffee. I've done the 3/4 hot chocolate, 1/4 coffee, and I still hate it. But I'm scared of aspartame. So I've got to get rid of the DP!, 6) Add the Kuey Teow and stir until all the ingredients are well mixed., ~ Spoon into 3.5oz (cupcakes) cups and bake at 180'C for 15-20 minutes. Makes 10 cupcakes., Which is all fine and dandy until you get excruciating and inexplicable cravings for that-which-you-may-not-have between fixes/trips. Which is when you roll up your sleeves, sling on an apron, look up every possible available resource, and - bánh mi gods willing - craft your own (as if you haven't already, see Melissa's fabulous post)., Yes, on a simplified movement and encumbrance table., Did I mention there is a Malcolm Hardee Week at this year’s Edinburgh Fringe?, Singer of your spiritsong,, MessyCarla., We entered the shop with little trouble. There was a small line of about a dozen people inside the place. So we were lucky. There’s a lot on the menu and a lot on display. It’s almost overwhelming. It was so overwhelming for me that I actually ended up ordering something safe. I just wasn’t in the mood for some reason. What a shame. I really should have tried the Bacon Doughnut at least. Next time., I know how you wonder about your future, how you plan for it, how you want to know NOW what your NOW-15-YEARS-LATER holds. I’ll give you this: You own a home, a car, have a pretty stellar job, and a sweet, sweet baby girl. None of the names you have picked out for your children are what you and her Dad end up naming her. So, spend less time choosing your children’s names and more time on your golf game – or anything else for that matter. Don’t let your parents get you down on your studies – you are always above average in spite of their worries., However, there is method to the madness. Feet sweat and shoe leather absorbs the moisture. So the longevity of shoe leather is extended if shoes are allowed at least 24 hours to dry out fully before the next wearing. So men ideally need at least two pairs of shoes for work to allow for alternation. The up side of this is that your shoes will last much longer, They plan to start offering growlers in the future! Yay!, H old on to what you know., “A lot of people can relate to that mindless repetition, that people do things they don’t want to do all the time. It’s the starting point for his character, and he develops an awareness for what his options are. It seemed natural to make him sympathetic because everyone’s been there at some point, in a place of misery and wanting to get out.” The fact that R goes through his routines even while he dreads them was absolutely something to which I could relate. It made him feel more real, I guess., When I got up this morning the temperature was 35 degrees!!! WOW--that's a big difference from the high 80's we had up until yesterday. We only got to the mid to high 60's yesterday., "The Justice Department's demonstrable contempt for the congressional investigation has inflicted harm on the people of two nations seeking the truth - and very pointedly on the family of fallen Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry and ATF whistleblowers who now face retaliation in the wake of their own heroic efforts to expose wrongdoing," says the brief to be distributed Thursday., My flavor of the week,, But none so fair as little Alice in all the land they say,, I also used my friend Meredith's directions to make a no-sew roman shade for this room. I actually made one back in December, but then I hated my fabric choice and decided to start over. I hope I'm not the only one that happens to and I also hope that I will find a use for that shade somewhere else., while sitting on her Daddy (kuma-chan) lap., Not only would it appear to be futile to try and answer these questions, the legitimacy accorded the state will itself vary as a function of how it acts, potentially undermining its ability to act in any coherent manner at all. A problem of this complexity is difficult to begin to conceptualize, let alone impose any intellectual order on., Lace - zigzagged down BP, Go home to mother! Here is the prayer to Our Lady of Perpetual Help:, Since asparagus is best when it's super fresh, I'll often cook up the whole pound within a day or so of bringing it home, and what we don't eat right way gets put into the freezer to make the soup later. At the end of the recipe, I'll explain how I do that., 4) Drain currants. Whisk remaining 4 tablespoons oil into vinegar mixture. Just before serving, combine broccoli, currants, feta, and half of almonds in a large bowl. Drizzle with vinaigrette and toss gently to combine. Taste and season with a pinch more salt if necessary. Transfer to a serving platter and sprinkle with remaining almonds and the cilantro, if using. The salad is best served at room temperature. Yield: 4 to 6 servings., So its that time of year, where things end and new things begin. I was trying to think of how to do this, since last year I made a series of posts about my favorite pictures of the year and the stories behind them. While I do have some favorite photos from this year, but I wanted this to be a bit more about other things I enjoyed this year as well. So here are my favorite things from this year, in no real order, as they come to me., 07 - I'd Die For You, in the cellar say she plans to stay awhile., On days like these, I come back to the question that the apostle Paul asked. I picture him writing it with tears streaming down his cheeks and desperation in his soul because that’s how I feel when I read it. “Oh, what a miserable person I am! Who will free me from this life that is dominated by sin and death?”, I have set up a Facebook page. (I can’t believe it but it is necessary.) The page can be viewed at www.Facebook.com, look for and “friend” “Foreclosure Strategist.”, Before I wear the crown so I won't forget, 6) After a couple of minutes, build the sandwich., Result in Impairment and/or Lost Wages, Now let's see what gorgeous and fabulous creations the ladies, If I'm gonna hit a traffic jam,, Erin Brockovich is on another crusade to rid America of polluted water., Last night, McKell hit the two pound mark. They also had to turn his bed temperature down because he is maintaining his heat better. Yay for growth!, DeChiara and Sunshower should be reprimanded for "contempt of court" over their heavy handed tactics to bully and intimidate voters with whom they disagree., For many years my great photographic joy has been capturing the lives and adventure of my children's lives. But lately, I've found new passion and fulfillment in capturing the blossoming of young love, in the eyes and smiles, and embraces of couples starting out on the long, difficult, wonderful journey that is marriage. Each couple is unique, but they're all writing the same story., With wasp arrows of guilt, The friend that I traveled with, G, is like me, an aging party girl. There was a time, before she was a size 4, when she could probably drink as much as she thinks she can now. But now, like me, she survives on daily exercise and as many salads and lean proteins as she can stomach, to keep herself sane and strong while she manages her manic work life and her family. I, however, eat cheese and don’t have her commitment to looking hot in shorts, so I’m not a size 4. And I can drink as much as I used to in the glory days of Long Island Ice Teas and classes that start at noon., I don't know what it is but there will be a cask tonight at Uncle Billy's. I hope it's some of the Anniversary Ale, which is delicious., The first artificial heart implant was carried out by Dr. Denton Cooley in Houston, Texas, in a 47-year-old man with intractable heart failure using the Liotta artificial heart developed by Domingo Liotta. This artificial heart was based upon the laboratory work of Dr. Michael DeBakey., In general, farmed salmon has the great amount of EPA and DHA, over 2.5 grams per 3.5 ounce serving while wild salmon has just over 1 gram. Anchovies and Atlantic herring are high in EPA and DHA too, both with over 2 grams. Fish from specific areas may contain more or less EPA & DHA. For example, wild Yukon Keta salmon actually possesses up to 5.2 grams, which makes it even better than farmed salmon., The boys got their report cards last week. They both did really well and made all A's. I made a copy of their report cards before I returned them so we can get some yummy free donuts at Krispy Kreme one day this week. Krispy Kreme is so not on my diet, but a yummy chocolate iced donut sure does sound good right now:) I need to get back on my diet after being off for a week while I was sick...though I actually lost about three pounds while I was sick because I all I did was drink Diet Sprite and each chocolate pudding!, Really enjoyed doing this stuff because it was totally new and was interesting too!, There is still the question of EGO, In the beginning of the school year, a group of students approached me and said that they wanted to start a Glee club. Their excitement was contagious. These kids were inspired by the television series, and they wanted to start auditions immediately. Their conversation was soaked with Glee references. I sat listening to them, trying to decipher the show characters from the real life students. “Can you help us, Ms. Haywood?” “Sure,” I responded. This was great. Motivated and upbeat kids with a purpose – success in the making., Best Score (music): I said John Williams. The real winner: Ludovic Bource, as well as being dynamically adjustable, whoever says bedrest is an easy break is a liar and fraud., ‘In fact, it is not unlike the pedagogical approach that Yale faculty take with their students and hope to do at Yale-NUS.’, I have been testing out recipes for Christmas and these are my current favourite. Batches and batches of florentines have been coming out the kitchen with different nuts and fruit in it. The red chilli in these gives them a little kick and makes them look especially festive!, All that I have, Buildings by far the biggest bird killers., 6. Moroccan Oil Conditioner: BEST. CONDITIONER. EVER. Makes my hair so soft, silky and NOT greasy I'm still amazed it hasn't become mandatory for women everywhere. It makes my hair so easy to run your hands through, and two days without washing is not even remote grease-ville. (I don't wash my hair everyday ever. It makes it like hay.), With all that’s been going on, I’m also using this to apologize publicly to everyone who shares this body. Vicki has gotten little bits and pieces here and there, and Talyn has been helping me out, and Ludovic has been giving me background music (thank goodness, I can’t be involved in physical activity without music, I just can’t), but I’ve been hogging the body., Thus, happy that I didn't have to forage around for sticks and berries, I faced the morning with renewed energy; good thing, too, because we had NONSTOP FUN FUN FUN for the entire day. Hiking, sports, archery, kayaking, and swimming were on the schedule...among much else., It might be self-perpetuating but I think there are fewer long term campaigns being produced because there are fewer long term campaigns making it on air., Then we have the argument that all the people on the shortlist for the Orange women’s literary prize, were women. Eh? I was more bothered that not one of them were orange! Cynthia Ozick is pale blue for fucks sake. Now Jordan, aka Katie Price – she’s orange. I’ve not read her book, because I’m not a cunt, and I imagine that it reads a bit like what terminal cancer feels like, but at least she is orange., Natalie Crevola-Miller, In a large bowl, whisk together pumpkin and sugars until sugar is dissolved. Add all other ingredients except for flour and whisk until mixed. Stir in flour, just until mixed. Bake at 350 for about 20 minutes. This also makes a good layer cake., I read such a random assortment of books these past couple of months. Some of there were awful, Ice T for example. Horrible he writes just like he talks on law and order only worse., Right now I’m going to pray for spiritual support., Fashion Director - Anna Trevelyan, 1. Birth Of Earth (3:01), 71. Smoked pot? - Inhaling smoke just doesn't appeal to Asthma Girl. But I did get stoned one time at a post-theatre party in a small cottage where everyone else was smoking pot. After awhile of inhaling the secondhand smoke, I realized that fidgety me hadn't moved in a really long time. And that all the colors had gotten more brilliant. And that everything was so damn funny!!, On one such unfortunate day, my flight landed inDetroit. By the time I had exited the plane and looked up at the clock, I had ten minutes flat to make my boarding time for the next flight., We’ve got one last recipe for you this month, and this time it’s a dairy free carrot cake. This would be a great dessert to serve up at a New Year’s party or any special occasion. This dairy free option is a great alternative to those who are allergic to dairy or would just prefer to try something a little different., I’ve just seen Prime Suspect for the first time – yes, I know I’m nearly 20 years late – and it’s rather good isn’t it? One thing really stood out for me almost as much as the great acting, writing, etc – just how much everyone was smoking., It’s funny that such a coincidence would come about right after I finished reading Asimov’s Foundation Trilogy (review of the third book is in the works), because this first volume of Valerian and Laureline definitely shares some ideas with Asimov, though on a much smaller scale., The writing is pretty much exactly the same as the first book. Lots of useless information and sentences that say in twenty words what could easily have been said in ten. This frustrates me and I sigh about it an awful lot, but it's clearly not a dealbreaker for me since I keep reading these books. If you managed the writing in the first book, then you'll manage the writing in Allegiance., “As we know there’s been disagreement within the parish over how and to whom Communion is distributed. From my perspective this disagreement and related emotions flow from love. Love for Christ, really and truly present in the Eucharist,” LaHood said during Sunday mass. “However, how we live out this love is important. The Scriptures tell us that we are known above all by how we love…I realize this letter is hard to hear. Please keep mind that this is a first personnel issue, dealing with issues of ministry in the church. Father Guarnizo will have every opportunity to present his position.”, but those 2 long braids she had so often well made up for it. I loved, For the first time I cooked the bacon on tin foil covered cookie sheets in the oven. Soooo easy, and no mess, along with bacon which came out perfectly. My son takes credit for giving me this tip...but I thought I'd read it on a blog., Once he reached them he turned toward her and smiled. “Gotcha,” he whispered with his notorious grin., I love how quiet it is when it snows., the ruthless, mercenary, onward march of life..., Die Cuts: Imaginisce camp critter, I visited the Sci Fi Laboratory, the radio show, again last Thursday to talk about a program that I would be presenting during Black History Month. One of the show hosts, Xavier, asked whether we (the other authors on the show) were visiting schools and talking to young people, because he had never really encountered people of color who were working in the field. He went on to say that he might have been more interested had he been exposed to people like myself and the other writers in the room, because of the example that we represented., “I hope so, child, but your night must end at midnight. That’s when these spells shall end. So, go fast – and enjoy every minute you can!”, This week I have a card to show you:, I left my 7 foot Living Room tree up after Christmas and added 4 sets of red, frosted white and clear lights to it along with one set of red lights., A photocopier is generally used to make copies of documents quickly and cheaply. It is mainly used in schools, colleges, offices, and businesses. There are two types of photocopiers- analog and digital copiers. Analog copiers work on the old and traditional Xerox process to make copies through a positively charged drum and paper, and negatively charged toner. Now days, digital copy machines are widely in use due to their several advantages. These copiers employ a negatively charged drum and paper, and positively charged toner., with nine people on it?, We drove through the neighborhood where she and her husband had lived when they were newlyweds She had me pull up in front of a furniture warehouse that had once been a ballroom where she had gone dancing as a girl., “That’s the only thing,” I vented to one of my co-workers I used to work with when I used to work nights before my superiors had transferred me to a Per Diem position, “My process would take a very long time. Only God knows when it even starts…But I’m not going to quit!” I whispered., So here I am, taking my frustration. Trying to calm down so I can go to this second job that would hardly come close to cover the expenses of getting to work, paying to fix my non-mistakes, buying new clothes because they get stained and the pain-killers needed for the labour... if not for the kind patrons., just north us, this beer is smoked. My brothers, SURLY FURIOUS smells fantastic, with fresh hops and an aromatic mix of scotch-ale style malts and even pineapple in the mix. The pundits call it an IPA, and maybe they're right, but it tastes to me more like a malty Scottish ale that's been infused with a insanely liberal dose of hops, then balanced perfectly. In case you're not familiar with the concept of "International Bitterness Units", or IBU's, this has got 99 of 'em, and that's about as high as you can go - so no namby-pambys allowed here. Fluffy head, fresh taste, and just a winning combination of flavors all around. 9.5/10., This week there were endless challenges of Tag making. So here is my lot. I used the following Cricut cartridges to make these.., 32. The average left-handed person lives 7 years LESS than a right-handed person., “Paul, I want you to take these two back to their house to grab some things, and then come back for me, and we’ll all head out to the Beach Home… They’re going to be staying with us for the time being” Jonan explains., Fun time painting.... I think EVERY artist should enter this challenge!, "It's part of our jobs to make sure that these characters stay dynamic and relevant," Lee says. "And that's what drove us on a creative level to make these kinds of changes.", Calvin Coolidge - the first Prez to throw out a first pitch in the World Series +2 pts, If you are fully satisfied in every area of you life then your wheel is round and you can easily keep on rolling! Of course, we all have to work at keeping our lives in balance., As we ate, the hostess stood at her post and watched our every move, apparently having nothing else to do to fill her time. It was truly pathetic., And last up… videography., The flight will, A banner on Maliweb reads “Latest update: The red berets seem to control the city of Bamako – the ORTM, the airport (two planes just landed – uncertain if these are ECOWAS planes). Many deaths at the ORTM. There is no access to the Kati road. Engine sounds from heavy combat vehicles can be heard at the Kati garrison. The meeting in Ouaga scheduled for today has been canceled. A declaration is awaited on the TV.”, Into the person I want to become, 8. Hard work and sweat are not to be feared or minimized. They feel DARN good!, His voice strong, its echo vast …., This is my apple peeler, corer, slicer. I don’t know how to tell you how much I love this thing. Many, many thanks to Aunt Jane for spending so much time working on it today., And that is just what I did, instead of paying $52.00 for one outfit, really, who pays that much for an outfit that the baby will use one time??? insane! maybe I am too cheap., tanguera-2: "... you flow...", And finally, here's the payoff...my sweet new (used) iPod touch! I've been wanting one forever, I found this one lightly used, and I grabbed it. And I may never take it off again..., Benton House / 3052 S Gratten Ave, Chicago, IL, Stuckey held an impromptu press conference on the sidewalk outside ESDC headquarters at 633 Third Avenue. He described those protesting the mega-development as “some people who live close in not liking tall buildings.”, is now a teenager..., However Precedence has it, Sometime ago I was walking one of the not-much-used trails and turned to follow what was not a trail at all, but a path of bent over grass that I assumed was made by a family of feral pigs. That led me to a little glade and then there seemed to be another path leading out of the glade. It was a path where you had to bend over to pass under branches, sort of turn sideways to get between trees. One place just seemed to lead to the next, but at the same time seem to go nowhere., Against truth, A false warrior is an inwardly insecure and weak person who is pretending to be strong, a false self trying to prop itself up on positive feedback and by receiving positive blog comments. Sometimes it takes much more strength to say “I’m sorry, I was acting like an avoidant coward; I wasn’t living from what’s best in me” than it does to say “Deal with it.”, I took about ten minutes and several false starts to convince myself I wasn’t going to leap to my death., So I have to update the last three weeks...so much has happened, A male friend was once put on the spot by a group of girls who were asking him questions about which girls he found more attractive – the long-haired ones or the pixie-haired ones. He told them that he found long-haired girls to be more feminine because the long hair showed him how different the girl was from him – a guy who preferred to keep his hair close to his scalp. On the other hand, he also said that what he liked most about pixie-haired girls was that he could see their pretty faces without them hiding behind long hair. That last one, I’m not sure if it’s complete bullshit but, at that time, it sounded so freaking good to female ears. His point though? To each his own; whatever floats his woman’s boat. This is one guy who knows better than to come between a woman… and her hair., I thought I could feel the weight of the Little One as I held that sleeper up to my chest...that sweet little baby bottom cupped in my hands and the precious head resting under my chin...that hair so downy soft..., First and foremost, a seller should make sure their home is well-maintained and that it looks well-maintained,” he said. “Before a seller starts making improvements like adding new energy-efficient windows — which are nice to have, but not something a buyer would truly care that much about — I recommend they make sure the structural integrity of the house is sound., “Then let it be done with. Judges, what do you rule? Michael?, From the highest point at 5,120 m above sea level in the Ruwenzori mountain range, to the Quattarah Depression, at 159 m below sea level, the river channel consists of flat reaches in certain sub-basins presently linked by steep channels. Within this basin the topography is diverse. The highlands of the Ethiopian Plateau and the “Mountains of the Moon” in Central Africa give way to the lowland pastoral plains of Sudan and the deserts of Egypt. Tropical vegetation, snow-capped peaks, and some of the driest areas in the world, as well as some of the largest bodies of inland waters, can be found along the basin’s length and breadth., Courage., So when she made Puliyum Molakum for me as soon as I reached home last month, I asked her to pose for me, for a photograph which she did very happily! Today, I saw her searching for onions so that she could make another bowl full for me...just for me :-), because you accidentally unleashed the hordes of darkness,, Things look different once the depression is gone..., Just like I reuse all my cards after Christmas, I also keep all the ribbons and I even cut off the handles of shopping bags if I think that the fabric is cute. First, I organized my ribbons by colour to see what I had., Do I hate this about myself? No. In fact, while there are still times that it greatly irks me, there are other times when I love this piece of personality. This is the same part of me responsible for many of the things I love most about myself; spontaneity, passion, compassion, etc.; so there is no way that I can actually hate it. Not now, anyway… but I did once., 10:30 AM (CDT - Central Daylight Time), Largest in PCSO history:, I love guacamole. LOVE IT! I love it so much that when I was doing Weight Watchers, I ate homemade guacamole and organic tortilla chips for breakfast every day for several months. I also love my food CHUNKY, and guacamole is no exception. This recipe ends up working well for really stretching out the avocado, which can really be expensive at times, with some less expensive veggies. I don't know about where you are at, but the price of avocados (Haas) really fluctuates around here. I passed them over for a couple of weeks when they were a whopping $2.50 each, but I snatched a bunch up a few days ago, when to my utter amazement, they were only $1 a piece! Thanks to that deal, I am splurging and using two avocados in this recipe, but it can be easily adjusted to make with just one avocado or 70, if you are so inclined. If I use one avocado in the recipe, I get four servings out of it, if I use two avocados, I stretch it to six servings. I can't stretch it past six servings since I am the only one in the house that eats it--and if you are mindlessly dipping tortilla chips in it, you're not going to get more than six servings anyway! ;) You already know I like it with my organic tortilla chips, but I also use it to top salads and chili, spread it on sandwiches and of course put it on tacos and the like. I may or may not be known to eat it by the spoonful on occasion., My house margaritas are made using quality tequila, fresh squeezed lime juice, agave nectar and water., Cairo, February 2nd 1915, We can see anything that’s close enough., New York and North Dakota could be added to the Democratic list as well depending on candidate recruitment. I'm still skeptical about California but we'll see., --Alfred Hitchcock's "rough-and-ready rules" for screen beauty, circa 1935, quoted in The Dark Side of Genius: The Life of Alfred Hitchcock by Donald Spoto, I sure didn't take any pictures., By the time I'm well I will start to practice this, when a patient comes into my surgery and tells me that the antibiotic that I prescribed for his severe infection didn't do anything,, I think I have, however, found out what's taking up the space on my laptop. It's patch files from Microsoft. Not sure if it's just Office or Office and Windows, but to find out which ones I can delete, I have to go through each one and check if it's in the registry or not. In other words, a full days work at the best, considering there's 12GB worth of them, and most of them are 4MB in size. Having said this, I've thought I've know what the problem is on several occasions, and it's been a dead end every time, so I won't hold my breath this time either., Game 3:, Apart from the issues with the FIFA, TTFF, Police, Media and IC, the energy industry has been having a tumultuous week that has been overshadowed. Ministers Bhoe Tewarie and Kevin Ramnarine are embroiled in transactions with Saudi Arabia that led to the US having to levy a boof on the PM and now moves to privatise Trinmar seem suspicious. Is the national patrimony being sold? And if so are members of this govt lining themselves up to benefit from the sales while the country continues to suffer?, “And how do we know it’s not?” he retorted., I don’t think I made it even a block before I realized it wasn’t a game any more. I ran as fast as my little feet could carry me only to find Mom running out to the road where we hugged. I was bawling and Mom was trying not to laugh as she said how much she missed me and how glad she was I came back!, Thank You! Dear Father for showing me how to pray in line with Your perfect Will through praying in other tongues. As I speak in other tongues throughout my life time, not only am I declaring Your counsel, Your Wisdom is imparted into my Spirit, and circumstances of life align with Your perfect Will for my life, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!, My main advice is to not worry about the getting published part, until your manuscript is done; otherwise, you will get the focus away from the story and you will drive yourself nuts thinking about whether your story is marketable, word count, etc…, Marseille is a yeasty city with new construction going up alongside buildings centuries of years old. The city was selected as the European Capital of culture fro 2013, which the Marsellais find hysterically funny. It has been a seaport for many centuries, first colonized by the Greeks and Romans - it developed a culture apart, and was the seat of the troubadours and courtly love. it was not actually part of France until the 17th century. It's also the gateway to Provence., Different insights into the issue have also been expressed recently by the College of Cardinals. One of the age-old supporters of the re-wording of the national Missals, changed to the Latin pro multis is the Singhalese Cardinal Malcolm Ranijth Patabendige Don. The current Archbishop of Colombo firmly supported the idea of returning to thefor many formula right from the days when he was Secretary of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments in Rome., She didn’t know how exerting this would be. She wanted to curl into a ball and draw the barricade closer. “I didn’t know what to do,” she said. “I was afraid to approach the alley until I heard a scuffle and just went charging in. Dr. Devoe was on the ground. His mouth was bleeding, and a man stood over him. By the street lamp, I could see him clearly. Then the man came at me. He pointed his finger in my face and yelled, ‘Don’t ever come back to Russia!’”, You thought love would be a weight. Something that would fill you up inside, bleeding into every empty space, filling in the cracks life had made as it broke off pieces of you every day. Love would be a kind of security blanket for the soul, you thought. That was before. Before you met him, before he held you, before you fell asleep with the bony heat of his knee pressed into your thigh. Love wasn’t heavy at all. Love made you light, a balloon floating above the streets, but always tethered by his hand, holding tight to the string., 240g Mooncake Golden Syrup (480g), Chuck Barksdale – vocals, It would be nice to have a healthy, sit-down meal loaded with fruits, vegetables, and lean protein 3 times a day., And into that sacred silence, ames-ace ns.; lowest possible dice throw of double one, ill-luck, worthlessness. Now I understand all those refs in Georgette Heyer novels to this word., And, departing, leave behind us, For me?”, McNerney re-affirmed that Boeing remains on schedule to complete firm configuration of the 737 Max series in 2013., Your oral health is more important than you may realize. Get the facts about how the health of your mouth, teeth and gums may affect your general health., So, the other evening, we were eating take-out Chinese. At the end of the meal, Child #4 (11 year-old daughter) cracks open her fortune cookie and reads it to herself., The long-grown wounds of my intemperance:, Press Release Service, Have its time, but now Lord I wait on you, for a new view, a new earth, a new reason, Now its time for baseball. The World Series begins tomorrow and Michelle and Dr. Jill will be there in full colors. Are you paying for their tickets?, Your complete and utter lack of fashion sense, Article 25 In case a right holder's actual loss or an infringer's illegal earnings can't be determined, a people's court shall, upon the request of the parties, or ex officio, apply the stipulation of Item 2 of Article 48 of the Copyright Law to determine the amount of compensation., I don't have a problem accepting the fact that this is a basic part of POLITICS. (Yes Republicans do the same thing to)., By the time I got home from work Friday night, the sun was pretty low in the sky so I had some issues with lighting. That's a crystal AB Swarovski bicone on the left - it's a bit hard to see what it is. The rest is made of garnet chips from my local bead store. I liked the garnet with the focal better than more neutral colors. I felt like it really let the focal shine., There are many different forms of meditation. A study at Massachusetts General Hospital examined the impact of the Buddhist ‘Insight’ meditation on the brain. Insight meditation is a technique of moving our attention over the body or focusing on our breathing. The study found that it caused an increase in thickness of the prefrontal cortex in the brain, the part just above the eyes and associated with attention., I’ve been boxing for over a year now. I’ve gotten beaten up by some folks who are good and I’ve had a chance to pepper the guys who are bad., I believe she laughs., The article gives fair time to Seventeen as well, who say they are not the sole, nor the most grievous, purveyors of the "perfect" image. But Little Sister started with her favorite magazine, and one of the most popular in the country, so here's a huge salute, cheer, and Hallelulah for girls like Julia., It can also give people a very quick temper. A majority of the emergency medevacs from McMurdo and Pole over the winters are injuries due to fights; our current doctor here on station has worked a while at Pole, and had a number of broken jaws, hands, and a lot of other fight-related injuries. There's more stories then I could remember of people completely flying off the handle for the most comically minor of reasons, like the cook putting too much cheese in the lasagna or something., January 2010 (i.e., forever ago), My tech savvy BFF is pointing me in the direction of an Andriod phone. It's so very frustrating though. Not only are they expensive to buy, but you get locked into this 2-year contract with your service provider (in this case, Verizon and formerly Alltel which I liked a great deal better) and you have to pay an arm and a leg for an additional data plan. Let's not forget that I'm already paying a small fortune for a phone plan for minutes that I hardly use because of my Friends & Family numbers (people you can call without using your minutes), but without that specific plan, I don't have the Friends and Family numbers. Not to mention that, because I live in the boonies and rely on my cell phone at home, I have limited service in my area so I have to stick with this service provider because others have very spotty service here. I would think, by now, these cell phone companies could get their act together and actually provide service everywhere (or maybe they can and just don't). What a crock! It seems no matter what it is today (internet, cell phones, satellite/cable, gasoline), you have very few actual choices as the consumer. The service providers get you coming and going. It just pisses me off and that is why I have avoided for so long taking the plunge., as a guest, your home is a place of justice, it is a piece of cake., Putting on my travelling shoes,, Could philosophers contrive, But you and me are easy meat to track., VIDAL: He was convicted for violating Cuban laws, attempting against, So, we were feeling particularly leisurely and used the on-demand feature of our cable to rent Tower Heist. It was okay. We mostly wanted to see it because it was filmed over Thanksgiving 2010 at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, which I attended, and there were scenes of the Purdue Band in it. I made Dave pause the movie a lot so I could see if any one from my family was in it. I mean, I was, like, 50 people back from the street for the parade, but my mom and Tucker managed to sneak up front. Anyhow, none of us made it the movie. Drat., **The best light is "white light," which falls from mid-morning until around 3 pm. This time span is based on my southern location, and of course, it will stretch as our days lengthen. (Thank heavens.), Obviously their paid for services cover more in-depth analysis and ground but still, the free stuff on their site is a gold mine if used properly., 4.The Max Levine Ensemble 10 years! Congratulations! Planned happy b-day, As hacking is about to be made legal by the government for the government, but hold the press as they say , pun intended LOL, when have the government ever managed to keep anything safe LOL ?, And no..Bug is actually not going to eradicate Blue Monkey. He is in the Moby Wrap grabbing leaves from low hanging limbs and saying "I the Baby!!" and then showing off his latest spitting noise to Black Rat., I think I can believe that, though it’s hard, Next week is going to be hell with an 8 page paper due, a Spanish test, a Spanish oral presentation, a photography assignment, and a video all due. FML. I hope I’m still alive at this point next week, guess we’ll find out., Watching the day depart,, Welp, that's it for now!! *^_^*, The 10 Most Egregious Exclusions:, Here's my plate of food: a tamale with a spicy chipotle tomato sauce I made to serve with the tamales, some salad and a rice paper roll with mango sauce that Belinda made., Maybe Kansas is playing with house money. Kentucky’s locker room, yeah that’s where the expectations reside. The entire 2008 season of John Calipari’s Memphis squad (ended in a 75-68 overtime loss to Bill Self’s Kansas team) may not exist in the NCAA record books, but it rests in the mind of Cal. Maybe this year is different. The public raves of the commitment these players place on the defensive end and genuine joy of playing together. Can’t the same be said about Kansas?, This seems rather strange as most of the people who follow permaculture and are interested in this sort of thing are people who are concerned with the state of the world and want a naturally sustainable, barter system to become prevalent so that we can halt the destruction. All of this is fantastic in theory but then they want to charge you hundreds of pounds to learn. Obviously if this is their livelihood then they have to charge something but it really isn't accessible to the people who would probably implement it the most out of sheer necessity, so they are cutting out a whole swathe of the population who would help save the world because they don't have enough money to live the consumer type lifestyle we are all caught up in., We had a very laid-back St. Patrick's Day this year. We took Bridget and Dela to the park in the morning, and then my parents came over in the afternoon to celebrate hubs' birthday. My dad was in the spirit, though. He enjoyed some Smithwick's, Guinness, and Bailey's throughout the night. And actually, I was the only one who didn't eat any Irish food for dinner. Well, and Bridget., This is also my fourth full week of math workshop and I love it. The students are always very excited to come to math class and they are working really well independently. Today i was able to pull my first small group with not one interruption! Go Me! Next week I move from place value to estimation, so I'm a little stressed about changing the games within my centers and training the students with them. I wonder how most of you are doing it. Do you always keep the same games within your workshop or do you switch them all when you move on to a new skill? I am thinking I will keep a few and add a few., He said the birds are raised in more humane conditions than most poultry and are shipped in individual cages., sings to your soul, Also Includes 'Newcastle Home Brew Awards', I uploaded a PDF of blank journal pages that you can download if you'd like. I plan to just print extra pages as I need them and stick them in my 3-ring binder. I'm hoping the simplicity of the journal will help me stick to it!, Michael's mother and aunt drove down from Idaho to be with us. My children are so blessed to have these strong women in their lives. They have testimonies that they aren't afraid to share. Michael comes from a line of pioneer stock that is proud of their heritage. I love that my children have that to claim as their own. Thank you to the generations of faithful Latter-day Saints that have carried the Restored Gospel to this day., 1 philosophia, We went from YAP to Charlie's baseball game where we saw Charlie have an awesome game! His hitting and fielding have really improved this year. It is so exciting watching him because he clearly enjoys playing., Or secure her doggy door, "You're always studying. My brother says you've become positively dull. Talk to me instead.", I went to Africa on a mission trip the summer after my freshman year of college, and after that eye-opener I could no longer accept the cookie-cutter lifestyle of the Sacramento suburb I was living in at the time. It was fake. I needed authentic., “That’s not what I meant at all.” Naida scolded him. “I mean something important.”, The 2008 vintage is available from The Good Wine Shop @ L19.50 a bottle., vegan bean chili, Simply focusing in on the rate is simply an obvious way of tricking the less informed members of the American public into thinking Buffet is paying less tax., We are not allowed to dismiss the revelations of God for Beth Yeshua. They are not just cute slogans and ideas., DR MAROON: The Not So Smug Award? Ok, if you say so, Where nothing ever grows, Ephesians 6:10-20, In order to accomplish this, we need to find a vanity that is not very deep (16-19") and/or that takes up less space than a cabinet style vanity (i.e. pedestal sink). To throw another wrench into this decision, we plan to have some built-in linen storage in this bathroom, so that needs to coordinate with everything., A gripping and griping read. Worth reading. Though not on a cruise., (Source and tip: Father Blake; image: recently-unveiled coat of arms of the Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.), RODRIGUEZ: What did he say?, Thanks so much for the prompt response to my mail,The price is okay by me,I, Retard the sun with gentle mist;, We'd love to have you join us in the StampFairy challenge this week and it's simple to do. Just create a card or project with paper piecing and enter your creation at the StampFairy Challenge Blog. We will name three winners from the entries that use a StampFairy image from the Shop: 1st place receives 3 StampFairy images of your choice, 2nd place receives 2 images and 3rd place picks 1 image. Challenge entries with non-StampFairy images will be eligible for our Top Three Badge and will be entered into a monthly draw for a free StampFairy image., Over warm and scented gusts of wind, Congratulations to UKIP for putting country before party by not running against MP's of similar conviction who wish to see the people of the UK be granted a referendum on EU membership., The article profiled an author who entered many contests. After 11 years of entering, she finally won. The biggest carrot to her wasn’t the prize money but the publication of her stories. Poets & Writers says that in the past decade, the number of prizes that include publication has risen 50%. Running contests keeps a great number of small, independent presses in business. Independent publishers are important because they will often take on a novice writer whose manuscript shows promise – something a large New York publisher will rarely do. As writers, we want the species of independent presses to survive., THE STORY: The play is a kind of poetic and comic fable set in the twilight zone of the not-quite-true. At the Cafe Chez Francis, a group of promoters plot to tear up Paris in order to unearth the oil which a prospector believes he has located in the neighborhood. These grandiose plans come to the attention of The Madwoman of Chaillot who is ostensibly not normal in her mind but who is soon shown to be the very essence of practical worldly goodness and common sense. She sees through the crookedness of the prospector and insists that the world is being turned into an unhappy place by the thieves and those who are greedy for worldly goods and power., Me – Hi??, the time cos they love it.", I suppose I could start a pile elsewhere..., There are even rumours of a British PR person who has photos on the walls of his private office of famous people caught in flagrante., Alas, the burden of ultimate editorial control., Peace and hair grease…, Independent living centers are also an alternative for people with special care needs. Most are located within established communities and owned and operated privately by individuals with disabilities. An independent living center offers its residents a space where they can be directly involved in maintaining their community while, at the same time, providing its residents with the support services they require., :: Whenever we talk about being big, or strong, or nice or kind, Ryann always says, "Like Jesus?" I'll say something to the effect of "oh we are going to drink milk at lunch (as opposed to water). We have to drink our milk so we get big and strong!" "Like Jesus?" Or "It wasn't very nice for the boy to push you was it. We don't push because we want to be nice to others." "Like Jesus?", Here is the courtyard of Jamie’s school, it is also the setting for the Missionaries of the Poor dinners I have organised. Imagine 16 tables, at night, with tiny white lights above., Breivik is the willing young brainwashed pawn who now sits in prison in Norway and will do for the rest of his life whilst his real English ‘mentor’ is still in the outside world enjoying the luxury of freedom to enjoy the rest of his life and the pleasures we all enjoy in the outside world., Press reports made much of the fact that Stephenson had a L12,000 stay in a health spa that the owners had 'forgotten' to give him a bill for. It's easily done, my workplace is always doing twelve grand's worth of work for a solitary client and then and absent mindedly neglecting to ask for payment. And a copper taking a massive freebie is in no way suspicious at all., Part my love, she told him, 10/16 – Los Angeles – Hayes Carll w/ South Austin Jug Band and Dedringers @ The Mint, The ConDem coalition government, and PM Cameron in particular, have promoted the concept of the Big Society. This is portrayed as the state stepping back to allow civil society to willing shoulder social responsibilities., Ah, you may be thinking, but isn't that what the trial period is for? If the jobs suck, you can cancel before the trial period is up, and only be out $2.95., I have spent a good deal of time trying to figure out why it is that I am having such difficulty getting another post on this topic together and I believe I have figured out the problem. Last week I really wanted to put a face to autism, to show what it looks like in reality. I want to show how wonderful these children are and how the extra challenges they present are part of what makes them so wonderful. I want people to have patience with them and not judge them when they are having a difficult time. I want people to understand that in order to improve the behavior the parent or therapist may have to let it play out some., This is a skill unique to humans, or at least it used to be. New robots have emerged with special programming to help them decide what should or should not be included in a drawing. With a camera, they observe a human face, and their robotic hand picks up a pencil and starts drawing a portrait., Even though the restaurant is not large, only about two dozen tables, the line moved quickly and we were seated at a spanking new booth next to a window. It took a while for our server to get to us, but given how busy the restaurant was, this was understandable., Oh my, I hope the next 25 don't go as fast as the last 25., So, now I'm hoping that the rain will clear, we won't get the forecasted snow, and I will be able to continue to wish for summer and swimming. The only consolation in this is that I saw my first Dandelion this week... They are my absolute favorite flower. I love how happy they are!, HP) Intelligence, thought, open mindedness., film: rollei r3@1600, _____see.. i'm not just a funny sexy intelligent interesting and overall awesome guy.. I'm also modest.... wait what were we talking about (funny modesty quote status), It looks like an all steel touring rack, but it’s made out of aluminum and still has the ability to carry around 50lbs. of gear. So far it’s been pretty f-in awesome sauce. A lot of hardcore tourers will complain that aluminum isn’t as beefy as steel and could break, etc. I completely understand that, but I don’t feel like spending $100 on a rear rack that I don’t even leave on my bike at all times. This rack will totally suffice for my bike camping and commuting trips., I stood up, and slung my bag onto my shoulder. “You’re never going to know,” I said, as his smug little grin slid off his face. And then I walked my nice ass right out the door., I do hope that somewhere along the way, you thought we were genuine friends. That’s what I thought the whole time. I hope that I was the cause of at least one of the things that made you happy or laugh, because I sincerely wanted you to find whatever it was funny and just… laugh., Welcome to my new craft, food, & photography party., Honestly I am glad I learned it the hard way, because now I know and I take more care of what I eat and how much water I drink, especially on long run days. I don't ever want to feel like that again, if I can help it..., The man, who was not identified, said he was visiting the mother in late 2006 when he fell asleep, waking later to find her having sexual intercourse with him. He claimed he ordered her to stop, but she wouldn’t., NOTE: We and God are known by what pleases us, * I'm slowly making my way through the backlog of last year's submissions that languished in my inbox while I was climbing the steep curve of dad-dom. Apologies to the writers that submitted so long ago and got nothing but crickets. I know how it feels. Just last week I received a rejection letter from McSweeney's for some ditty I sent, oh, 14 months ago. I suppose it stings less once you've completely forgotten your submission in the first place., And it's a good thing I added that last sentence because my stamps this week are:, I tried to maximize it so the hills looked more intense but no such luck. I'm not sure how accurate my Garmin is with elevation on trails (or ever, to be honest). I think for this run it was pretty accurate but sometimes on a trail run the elevation gain will be 50 feet, or 3,000 feet on a easy neighborhood run. What's up with that?, * Clubs, Bloody years would follow the blitz's career, anthems for the youth. Science and rhythm left estranged, relax when it's all over. So much dead and gone., be brave". These statements have the unwitting effect of, 11:30 – Saturday Night Live (NBC): Eli Manning hosts which is going to be the most adorable thing in the world., Prince Paul (with De La) was to first to really make sophisticated ironic humor in hip hop (before that it was all “Pickin’ Boogers” Biz Markie humor... not that there’s anything unfunny about booger-pickin’ with Biz Markie). A friend of mine once argued that in the pantheon of concept albums, De La Soul is Dead is like the Beach Boys’ Pet Sounds. And Paul’s Prince Among Thieves is like Tommy. Your mileage may vary on that analogy, but it means SOMEONE SHOULD LET PAUL MAKE ANOTHER ALBUM., The ruling, just 15 sides long, dismissed the licensee's application. MCPS was entitled to require pay-as-you-go payments from a licensee which was a small business with no previous track record. However, it could have explained more effectively why it needed to do so and its terms were by no means clear. MCPS's application for costs is now pending: it has to keep its submission to just two sides and the tribunal reminded it that this was a (bargain basement) paper-based hearing., A singer in every sense of the word,, What unravels from there is a well-written foray into the dangerous world of poison, where even human emotions can kill. Jessamine is a rather predicable heroine - attached to her lover from first sight, and at times, a bit naive - but quite tolerable. I was relieved to see the author did not model Weed after the increasingly annoying Edward Cullen; he stands on his own as a boy both burdened and blessed by his gift, as well as a, Woke up this morning with a bit of a cloud hanging over me. Spent time praying through it, but still had some heaviness as I went to school. The weather matched my mood. The city was covered with a dust cloud. Even the shadows on the sidewalk seemed dusty., Your other other neighbours stay the night when you have to leg it to hospital because of some problem or other and they get your eldest child up and dressed and take them for breakfast with their own kids and they have a food fight and think it’s the best thing ever., Enjoy your time on Clear Lake. You are great at leaving and sending notes to your Grandma and Grandpa there…so when you’re wondering if you should, send one more. You’ll find these in the cupboards of their home, tucked here and there, after they die and it will sustain you for years thereafter. Write the notes. Send the cards., I also have three keys that are keycards to slide through a reading mechanism. Two keys are circuits. I have tried each of them in turn, when I find locks that seem compatible. So far though, none of them have unlocked anything. I remain here in the hallway, searching for a way out, or a way in. I’m never really sure which it is. Still, I move on. The hallway itself is the only thing left to me, that and the doors, the locks and the seventeen keys., if that wasn't the case, maybe they would feel more reassuring., The rush to have newspaper reporters write blogs has not been followed by a rush of copy editors to polish those blogs. It shows. Glitches of all types abound, with posts showing little or no evidence of editing., There are three Buddhas in Bamyan (all at this site) and they were built sometime in the sixth century. So why are there Buddhist religious depictions in what we think of as a traditionally Muslim country? Bamyan lies on the infamous Silk Road route that linked China with Western Asian nations and up until the 11th century, was actually part of a Buddhist (which later turned Hindu) nation called Gandhara., With the room empty, I wiped off all the shelves, swept and mopped the floor and washed the base boards. Then I focused on the things that were to come back in the room and the most efficient arrangement. As a result of my excellent 5S training I determined that the room was to be used for laundry, cleaning supplies and limited storage for things that are used regularly and need to be accessed easily. All of the tools were banished. Light bulbs found a new home under the sink. The box of glasses that hadn't been unpacked was washed and put in a cabinet. The craft boxes were sorted through and consolidated. The four soft side coolers and two small coolers were reduced to two soft coolers and the rest were placed in the give box. The pile of paper bags was taken to recycling. After everything was on the shelves I still had room for laundry baskets on two of the shelves. The amount of clutter we'd accumulated was impressive but the clear shelves were even more impressive., Hedonic Calculus, H.B.Warner Victoria the Great, Therefore, they are equally true, though being received and interpreted through human instruments equally imperfect.”, She comes back the next day. The painting is unwrapped. She says I don’t want this. You take it back., Finally! I actually liked Luce in this book. She seemed a lot smarter to me. Maybe because she stopped whining and moaning while waiting on the sidelines and actually decided to DO something about it. If there's one thing I hate, it's a whiny heroine who sits back and lets stuff happen to her. Go Luce!, before sadly walking away., Step One: Strip. (And/or saran wrap.), Four different beers, four different styles., I honestly don't know what I'd do without them!, Sheridan worked Westside long enough to see a few cases involving advertising people. He often wondered why more of them weren’t murdered. As far as he could tell, they were for the most part loud, petty, egotistical, annoying and self-loathing. And those were their good traits. He figured the city, which was essentially a company town, made them that way. They all liked to consider advertising a part of the entertainment community. They all thought they were in show business. But the truth was they were just on the periphery of it. If you could call commercials for Swedish furniture stores, Japanese car manufacturers and fast food burger joints show business. No, Sheridan thought, these were, on the whole, people who made a lot of money for contributing nothing to society but volumes of visual and verbal pollution., 1 egg, slightly beaten, Meet John Doe, The text does not ask that an extraordinary virtue, such as humility, be abstracted from the story and made a virtue to be emulated. Rather the whole story, including the eschatological worship of Jesus as Lord, takes on a mind-shaping role. To be sure, the Christ hymn serves a serves a parenetic function to exhort the readers to look not to their own interests but to the interests of others (p. 18, 19)., Arjuna’s despair, In the interview, he makes the argument for the indie bookseller and why consumers should shop their local bookstores instead of Amazon or one of the big chains. (Or, actually, the only big chain left.) It's interesting reading, and he makes some great points. I haven't read the book yet (though I plan to), but as far as his interview ... I don't agree with the activist approach., Yet this is a friend who was using thrifted bedsheets to back her quilts, way back in the early nineties, and who has always hung a beautiful collection of vintage plates on her kitchen wall. She's someone who makes her own lip balm and is responsible for giving us our first sourdough culture., The first time I saw it, I thought it to be a fluke. The second, a coincidence. The third, I knew they were on to something. I've said for sometime the best way to get people to recycle is to make it as convenient as throwing something away. Seattle has been placing recycling bins next to their trash cans for eons. What I found unique to the blue and black bins was a green one.... A compost bin. Yes, now you have the option, at least in Seattle, to compost your food instead of tossing it in the trash. What a concept., I think irony’s liver just escaped out of irony’s anus and ran off screaming into the night., This blog is not only a collection of Arthur Kraft news, but also a community for Kraft enthusiasts to share their knowledge, provide opinions and contribute to the discussion., Rating : General, Fill a pint spray bottle with 1/3 Basic H and 2/3 water while mixing gently. Follow the trail of ants and spray a thin stream where they are entering. Also, spray any other areas where they may enter such as by doors, windows, etc. Do not put on painted surfaces as it will eventually cause bubbling., "I know," she said. "I would never do that to you, either, because I love you.", off the St. John's River., After dinner we all went to the local athletics club who are holding 5km runs over summer on a Wednesday night. Steve Monaghetti was there to do a clinic and to run. He's 50 this year. We are all getting old. My brother who isn't at his fittest at the moment decided on the spur of the moment to run with my friend and I. It nearly killed him, but he dug deep and we crossed the finish line together. I really enjoyed the run and the endorphins. My mood feels elevated and I feel centred and calm dealing with the intensity of the kids emotions. Or maybe it's because Mr J is home and I am getting more sleep..., Stormwind itself is as impressive as they say it is in the stories I had heard from others. It is a huge sprawling place, filled with tall buildings and stores with water running all throughout the town. It is filled with humans and dwaves and gnomes, and even a few night elves and other draenei. Truly a great city. They say it had been rebuilt only some odd twenty years ago, and I can understand why. It is close to the sea and beautiful fertile valleys all around. Truly an idyllic place., Enter the dark, magical world of the House of Night, a world very much like our own, except here vampyres have always existed., The next step was to learn about tints, shades and tones., I feel like my work outs have been pretty good this week. I’ve got a busy two weeks ahead so hopefully I can keep things going to some extent with a bit of spinning. I think running is going to have to go on the back burner for a couple of weeks as I’m away over the next couple of weekends. Hopefully the niggle with my knee and shin will be healed too., The above two posts were by far my most popular both having approximately 4000 views... Being a new blogger, I felt pretty good about that. The rest of my top ten didn't have near the views of the first two, but still did pretty well... Coming in 3rd through 10th, the rest of my top ten are listed below., In your mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese until smooth and lump free. Add the sugar and mix, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed., Well, it’s officially spring and if you’re like some of my friends, you’ve taken it upon yourself to get into a massive Spring Cleaning session. You’re dusting. Getting rid of clothes you haven’t worn since the last time you spring cleaned. You may even be getting rid of old TVs and buying new ones or buying new curtains and painting your walls. Whatever it is – you’re doing a lot more than me. As I admitted the other day, when my life is in shambles and I have too much going on, my apartment tends to reflect it – in every place except for in my shoe closet., Pattern Paper- Maja Design, Coming up this Sunday, you get your pick between the fifth edition of the Charitably Charming Chilifest, this time staged (rain or shine) at the Baltimore Free Farm, or the first edition of what promises to be an annual Charm City Beer Wars at Mother's Grille in Federal Hill., Please leave comments. ^^ Thanks., pretty much know what I thought about this performance. Tight, pacey, thrash-tastic fun. All their original tracks were on display in this short set and Troops of Doom was the cover of choice to make the crowd wanting more as they exited the stage to make way for Malaysians, Adokshiny. 4 fists., -____-, You are an amazing husband, caring for me as the weaker vessel, pushing me towards Christ-likeness. You are an amazing Daddy, constantly putting the needs of our boys ahead of your own. You're their example of what it is to be a godly man, and they are blessed to have you. You are an amazing leader, pastoring our church family, humbly, realizing that the job God has bestowed on you is nothing to take lightly. But you also lead with confidence, because of the One who lives in you., a. a scanner for producing from said color original a set of three, I’m not in any hurry to wait for my lover again, Burning: A police officer in riot gear emerges from the debris after shooting pepper spray at masked protestors during May Day demonstrations turned violent in Seattle, I've stayed there and I just love the design, the layout, the atmosphere and the setting. Designed and built by Sir Clough William-Ellis supposedly in the style of an Italian village it resembles no Italian village that I’ve ever seen, no, not even Portofino! But it has a generally exotic atmosphere suggestive of different worlds and distant places, a kind of Platonic Mediterranean settlement, an ideal, if you like, in stone. I was there under a leaden sky, not a southern one, which simply added to the charm and general sense of unreality., Transfer penne to prepared casserole dish. Pour in sauce and gently toss to combine., March 30th- Anything But a Square- Jamie Coordinator, Kat: Au, il faut vraiment que tu travailles ton anglais., Angel (US…Ernst Lubitsch), There he was placed in a holding cell where he was allegedly severely assaulted., Which am I?, If I’m free I’ll be your guinea pig. I’ll give feed back. Just take risks dammit!, This is why I love blue skies. You end up with stunning pictures..:D, I am not a morning person. I am not afraid to admit that I like to sleep and I love to sleep in., Him: Yes - remember you had a glass with breakfast?, We’re starting to see the first Tegra 3-powered devices touch down now, but the Acer Iconia Tab A200 still relies on the Nvidia Tegra 2 chip to keep things smooth., It is, of course, somewhat tempting to take “liberal” and “conservative” as being marketing and rhetorical terms rather than having much value in categorizing political views. After all, people who identify as liberals take being a liberal to involve the virtues of tolerance, acceptance and so on while regarding conservatives as clinging to an unjust past out of fear of change. In response, those who identify as conservatives often see themselves as defending what is good and holy from the depravity of the godless liberals and their agenda., You might be thinking that, more than adding emotional complexity and balancing the directions of your anger, that such a car crash would put you straight over the edge. Well, to mitigate this eventuality, I would suggest that you do, indeed, have a child with you during this small crash. You will have to maintain a sense of calm in order to keep her from getting too upset. And then, afterwards, when you've finally caught up with your husband and son who are waiting for you at the fish and chips place, your daughter, as you're walking up to the restaurant might take your hand and say, "Mama, if you need money to pay for the crash, I can give you a dollar." And you will smile and say, "Thank you, Sweetie. That is very nice of you.", the Prophets…., 4. Affordable AllSaints (say what?), That’s how one of the teens explained himself to a Somerset County, N.J., judge back in 2008. (His friend headed off a trial by pleading guilty to the same act.), Junsu widen his eyes. “You want to sell me again?!”Ask Junsu trough his gritted teeth., “She’ll be ready when she is needed,” Ramiel gave Zero a disapproving look. “She told me that Michael brought her dinner twice last week.”, A child born on Good Friday and baptized on Easter Sunday has a gift of healing. If a boy, he should go into the ministry., Taking steps to clear my mind, It took almost ten long years, but the deed is done. The titular head of radical islamic terrorism is, quite literally, sleeping with the fishes., We finally moved into our house on May 4th. Last night was the first time I'd even opened my computer since moving in. We've been a tad busy., S:star wars clone wars legos, King Iwah - Give Me Power, Version 2, The creatures had no name for themselves, but a lot of names for the creatures who lived between blue and purple, with whom they were engaged in constant animosity. Both races were too timid for fisticuffs, but they would sneer at each other and thumb their noses when they met – and, after a couple of drinks, would hurl socks across the spectrum into their enemy’s hue., Lawrence Grossberg (1992) has explored authenticity as ideology,especially through pointing at the various ghosts of authenticitygestalting after postmodernism was said to have killed this naive animal. Grossberg’s own account of this story is problematic, particularly through its American ethnocentrism and overemphasis on political meaning, but it is nevertheless an important inspiration to use authenticity as a key to the discourse of popular music. It is impossible to divide the body of popular music into pop and rock, but it is possible to attempt an analytical distinction inherent in more sophisticated rock criticism and in rock writers like Peter Wicke, Simon Frith and Iain Chambers:, PHENOMENALITY: (1) *marvelous,* (2) *naturalistic*, Here is Alan's tip on how to find yours: "Think of a person or people who inspire you as being relaxed, happy, and successful. You don't have to be like them, just try to tap onto their ability to deal." Makes sense, doesn't it?, 1 bag caramels of 49 caramels, I paid L25 changing the insurance; I paid L50 filling the first car; I paid L50 getting the tow to the garage; I paid L60 getting insurance for the courtesy (?) car., 5. Let them know you've tagged them!, 10:56 a.m. — Immersing grain bag in mash liquor and stirring. Mash temperature is 154 °F., I have been meaning to write this out before I forget the details... So here it goes., I never really liked Katniss. She is too confused about everything. And I particularly didn’t like her in Catching Fire. I loved her in the end though, how she had to give in to Peeta cos he wanted children. My imagination is doing funny stuff. I liked her in Mockingjay cos she was like a zombie most of the time. I found that funny., I'm going to design a plant tag for each of the transplants that goes off to a new home that will have all of the plant's information PLUS a link to that page so that people can dork out on their plants and also maybe stay in touch after the fact (and let me see their tomatoes - PORNY)., Let’s just sing it together…We must speak it to become it !!!, John Caliber is an artist, writer, colourist, letterer and editor now venturing into the self-publishing market (comic books, Judge Dredd reference books). He's the author/designer of two-dozen highly-regarded Judge Dredd roleplaying books and as well as another Dredd-related reference book is working on a four-issue mini series, Army Reincarnate, which will launch later in 2012., Only last December President Obama affirmed that ‘we are committed to a partnership that is built on a foundation of mutual interest, mutual respect and mutual trust.’ Since 2001 America has provided Pakistan with $11.6 billion in security-related assistance and $6 billion in economic aid. It is due to provide at least $7.5 billion dollars of aid over the next five years. Pakistani officers are even represented on the Tripartite Joint Intelligence Operation Center situated in ISAF Headquarters in Kabul., Crashed on the floor when I moved in, - Sponsored a resolution in the UN Security Council for additional security and police forces in Haiti, I just got another heads-up from Stonetalon. First the basic information itself: Dontrag and Utvoch (of course) were making a scouting sweep around Battlescar Valley, doing a little followup on the skirmishes we’ve had there with Alliance forces, when they ran into another one of the faceless ones we’d found down around Thal’darak Grove. It must have been the runt of the faceless litter, because D&U were able to smack it down pretty easily, but they decided to have an extra look around the area. A rare non-retarded move by those two, I know. It happens., This month's kit just rocked my world., Yes, thanks to this kind of valuable, high-end merchandise, and the Thugs of the Reynoldsburg Walmart Parking Lot, I had been spending more and more time at Target., I worked in the centre of JHB and it was convenient for me to experience the New SA first hand during my lunch breaks…I trod the streets of JHB: Sauer street, Commissioner street, President street, Library gardens., “No… I said that the UN should intervene there.”, Some day, I will be in possession of a Mawi piece & I will never give it back., Jamey: Man, your boys don't waste anytime sending in reinforcements. Too bad about not fixing Katie's foot. (Or something to that effect.), The Lord said there is someone one here tonight, impossible as it may appear to you, he said one day when you arrived anywhere, everybody will stand up for you., Elba: “Please Do!”, Even as a slave or vassal you were born a prince, adorned with the crown of David., Moon winked at Ziggy then ran towards the long grass, shouting out behind him as he ran -, basis., You may think you've had a Hurricane if you sipped some koolaidy concoction at Pat O'Brien's, but you haven't had a real New Orleans hurricane until you've made it the original way, with just dark rum, lemon, and passion fruit syrup. Passion fruit syrup is a bitch to find, so try Amazon if you're thinking about making this recipe., Since the LEE is the last thing your eye stops at when you walk into our apartment, I knew the inspiration item needed to be some killer pillows. I searched high and low for just the right pattern. I wanted something colorful, floral and modern. I thought a lot about this Designer's Guild pattern, called Rugosa, but the scale is really better suited for drapery., Recognising Who you are designing for, This Spring has been a season of garden anniversaries for me. Six years ago, my partner and I bought our home in Flatbush. In the first month after closing, I began weeding, composting, and envisioning the gardens. Five years ago, I started this blog to document what I was doing and record my explorations., 20. The “Sixth Sick Sheik’s Sixth Sheep’s Sick” is the hardest tongue-twister., During my first year of teaching, quite a few of my classes were boring. Can’t believe I just admitted that. The worst was my current events class. (I know a couple of students who would argue, not to say it was an exciting class, filled with the days most exciting news, but to say one of my other classes was worse.) I didn’t even enjoy listening to my students report on whatever big news story they’d found while scouring the web five minutes before class., Are we not dealing with this because some nutcases are still denying that it happened?, Or maybe we don’t forget them, maybe we just get too busy or too grown up or we move on to the next thing for a while., However, it should be noted that the possibility of triggering the MGO would not arise if the vendor of the shares did not hold any more shares in the target company., And then you can do it again and again. Mix it up and keep it fresh. I like doing My Opinion Monday and WAHM Tip Wednesday (alliteration). I also add in some SEO and trending topics in there (check out my post from Tuesday). And, there is the events calendar (Mother’s Day, anyone?). In between I manage to squeeze in some posts that don’t have a defined theme other than they are mine and related to me as a woman, mother, and WAHM., For a few months in 1960, the Eagle resumed publication as a weekly, and it was published daily for a year, ending in mid-1963., A few weeks ago my closest coworker defended his dissertation. Proud of him and happy for him, I called on the way in to work to double check what his favorite donut was before I stopped and got treats for everyone at the donut shop., It would also allow it more easily to manufacture a nuclear warhead to mount on a long-range missile., For doing the quest… er… thrice?: +1500 MaxHP and +300 Weapon/Magic DEF, Choosing A Serious Designer Timepiece, The photographer isn't - still trying to get some obligations out of the way., Though I'm a day early, wishing you a "HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY." May your day be blessed with the love of family and friends., I actually have the next TWO days off, as it’s Paul’s birthday on Tuesday. We were going to go down to Whitstable tomorrow and spend the day/night there, but rain is forecast, and Whitstable is no fun in the rain so we’re staying at home instead. We will potter around tomorrow and see his family in the evening for a celebratory meal, and then spend a day together on Tuesday, probably in London village. I’m on the look-out for a decent exhibition or something, although I’m thoroughly tempted to take him to watch Titanic 3D at the Imax. I’m not sure he’d ever forgive me though…, For me – this is definitely one of the most anticipated games of 2011. Ever since Bioshock 1, Irrational Games, have been pulling a lot of attention. Published by 2K games this game could easily be on of the top contenders for Game of the Year 2012. If you’ve ever played the Bioshock series, you know that the art style and environments are in top detail and the whole feeling of being in another world are very much real. Ken Levine and his team has really proven themselves again, by the looks of the trailers and teasers released so far, and this new trailer holds the attention with a firm grip. Set in the sky in the city of Columbia featuring a very specific art style and great story telling – this game seems worth the hype., -1/4 onion, Let’s get straight here. Here is the fractal. The sole purpose institutions is to get bigger and to accrue more financial resources in its direct control. The sole purpose of its subsidiary departments and divisions is to do the same. To imagine any other purpose is to be recklessly naive. Institutions do not exist to serve any external purpose. They exist to look after their own interests. The same is true for their parts., We feel we are not worth love., But we had a lot more in common that I did with H3, which was nice., In a large saucepan over medium-low heat, warm 1 Tbs. of the olive oil. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Add the broth, the 1/2 tsp. salt and several grinds of pepper and bring to a boil. Place the couscous in a large stainless-steel bowl and pour the hot liquid over it. Blend well with a fork, cover with a plate and let stand for 5 minutes., Another major Sabah player linked to Ting Pek King is his cousin and known right hand man Simon Ling. Simon Ling has been deeply involved in Sabah timber concessions since the arrival of Musa Aman into office and he is also closely connected in business to Michael Chia., Sometime between 5pm and 7pm, someone put a hell of a scratch in my paint., As for Islam not being spread by the sword, the Mufti and Muslims who think like him have willfully blinded themselves to the sack of Byzantium, the jihad against India and the Islamic invasion of Southern Europe, among many other events of Islam's bloody history. And that's not to mention the body count of the modern Islamist war against the west, which is still ongoing., Look what I found when I went to go to sleep!, Pop Will Eat Itself Dirty Harry makes my day UK, Suze has the scotch fillet with truffle butter - we find the butter tastes more of mushroom than truffle. On a side note, although the use of sous vide does mean consistently tender meat, do others find a hollow trade off with texture? Sous vide often seems to involve a loss in toothsome chewiness that is half the carnivorous pleasure in eating meat., birch catkins, We have been married almost 6 years. I can say it has not been the easiest 6 years. I hope that it gets better as we continue on this journey. You already know some of what she dealt with a couple of months after we said "I DO". You never think that the "for worse" part would even come up that quick but it did., I missed my friend., Shamanism is fundamentally about direct, personal experience, and the interpretations we make concerning the things we see directly and personally, remain a personal judgment for each one who seeks such experiences. That implies that there can never be a structure of belief imposed on shamanism. It simply doesn’t work that way. This essential freedom to experience and self-interpret is also why shamanism is feared by those who would control others. I believe that justifiable fear is the reason for the initial establishment of our orthodox power-centralized religions., And speaking of nom noms, the NYT-Local reports that "Pierre Thiam, owner of the Brooklyn restaurants Yolele and Le Grand Dakar, competed against Bobby Flay in Battle: Papaya on Iron Chef America, which aired Sunday." Bobby Flay is basically the most handsome and awesome chef ever, and he should receive a Golden Globe or something for his work on Throwdown. Congrats, Pierre., Warren Baldwin, Desmond and Jack share important dialogue before Desmond descends into the light cavern., It’s always about the work and the writing. Get out there, get your work out there, get feedback, become a better writer, learn about the craft of writing, try new techniques in your own stories, read everything you can in the genre in which you write, build your own buzz, join groups, visit every site you can and make comments. You can do it., It is good to have among us such men, such balancing monsters of love., Who is Mr. Lapu-Lapu?, April 16– Wednesday– London, England– Ten members of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, three of them presently serving in Parliament, call upon the American Minister, Charles Francis Adams. They say to Mr Adams, “The committee view with profound sorrow the unhappy contest between the Northern and the Southern sections of the Republic. In the presence of so appalling a calamity, they can only give utterance to the fervent hope that the fratricidal conflict may soon cease, and peace be restored to the land; and that with the abolition of the true cause of strife, a common ground of union may be found, and a divided community be again joined in the bonds of brotherhood. In conclusion, the Committee would assure you, Sir. of their personal esteem and consideration, and of their very sincere desire for the welfare and the prosperity of the nation you represent.” In return, Minister Adams expresses his thanks and the reciprocal good will of the Lincoln Administration to Her Majesty’s Government and to the British people., The new lens, which can also serve double duty on a APS-C crop camera (equivalent to the angle of view from a 40mm) will have a RRP of L619.99 / Eur 739 (inc VAT) / $699.95and will be available from 24th May. The new lens was announced alongside the new D3200 (not covered), an interesting addition if only because of its new 24MP sensor., Off we rushed. Here are some of my goodies all bound for the Topsham Vintage and handmade fair along with the stools and a few other pieces I have "reloved"., Fold dough over on itself to deflate and turn it out onto a work surface. Using a metal dough scraper or a knife, cut dough into 2 equal pieces. Position oven rack in lower third of oven and preheat to 450°F. Line two baking sheets with parchment and dust with cornmeal; set baking sheets aside., No Jimmy... they were not kidding you. It is for real!, unwittingly waving, When Carnegie tries to pressure Eli into giving him the Book, he thinks he has left Eli no choice but to comply. But Eli responds, “There’s always a choice.”, $15.95 - $7.66 = $8.29 x 20% = $1.66", This week's pre-publication "can't-wait-to-read" selection is:, YEAH!!, Don’t say I didn’t warn you., to breathe, I also found this youtube video entertaining (:, For centuries, pagan rituals have sought taking human blood to appease the blood-thirsty lust of spirits and forces of darkness that target humans made in the image of God to mock God's handiwork. Distortion of the purpose of blood is a satanic mockery of God’s intent for the sacredness blood represents. Scripture teaches, in “the blood is the life" (Deut. 12:23) and in the shedding of blood is the remission of sins. “And according to the law almost all things are purified with blood, and without shedding of blood there is no remission." (Heb 9: 22). In the Old Testament, a substitutionary lamb was required to be sacrificed by God's people as an offering for their sin. In the New Testament that Lamb was God's gift in Jesus Christ Who offered Himself as the Lamb who takes away the sin of the world! (John 1:29), worth in a night;, Bird watching, It’s almost December and the holiday season is upon us whether we like it or not. Here’s an easy way to knock some of those items off your “To-Do” list. Celebrate the wealth of artistic talent in Texas by buying books created by Texan authors and illustrators. I promise you’ll find something perfect for all the kids on your list!, Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps And More, a division of I Did It Creations, was created and is owned by Robyn Weinrib. Robyn offers a wonderful variety of digital stamps and digital papers,designed to meet the needs of all digital paper crafting addicts for every occasion., And when he told the dispatcher, “He looks black,” it was in response to a direct question, not an indication of motive., My mom has really been freaking out because I haven't found a new sponsor yet., It is through these principles missions becomes more than just knocking on doors and presenting the Roman road to unbelievers but a lifestyle of of authentic love, relationship, and the movement if the Holy Spirit., 10. Do you sleep with the TV on?, Even though cost could be an element of your choice, you would also have to look at the quality of treatment. What unique competencies do the veterinarians have? Will web reviews of the veterinarian reflect that other people’s pets received outstanding care? Getting referrals from those who may have taken their pets to a particular veterinarian could also be beneficial. Learning about the type of treatment your family pet could receive is really a must prior to looking for treatment from a veterinarian. Really, you never want to be in the dark about the manner of care your pet would receive., The failure of austerity policies in the above context means this: to try and approach living within a nation’s means. Snip., .MMMMMEEEERRRRROOOOWWWW!!!!, So my 'retirement' plan has now gone from "dying while I can still afford the high quality dog food" to "hoping not to have to sell a kidney to pay the rent before I'm 60.", A big THANK YOU to all the contributors to this week's carnival. And a big THANK YOU to you for attending. Please help promote the carnival on your own blog (you can use one of the spiffy COH images found here*), Facebook, Twitter, Google+, homeschool message boards, and your local homeschool email groups by sharing the link to the carnival!, The illusion will always lead to disappointment; that is its nature, and because you have spent so much time in it you have come to expect that. But you are divinely created beings of enormous power, which means that you have the power to change the illusion and to awaken from it. Collectively, humanity is always changing the illusion by the very act of thinking about what is going on within it, although, because your thought processes are so conditioned by the illusion, what occurs often seems to be the complete opposite of what you hoped for and intended. Many of you, while hoping for the best, expect the worst and consequently, that is what it delivers., The final day started at 4am. We visited the volcanic areas, where we witnessed hot steam rising out of the ground like a vent. Then, we drove a little further to see lava bubbling in small craters, whilst the sun rose gradually. At 7am, we arrived at the Thermal Springs to take a dip in the naturally hot waters. Breakfast was shortly after and the best of the short trip yet, as we were treated to pancakes and cereal in addition to our usual bread and butter! Final stop on the tour was Laguna Verde, which appears green when the wind flys over it. From here, we would be splitting up with the rest of our party, as we were making the transfer to San Pedro of Atacama in Chile. It was an emotional end to the wonderful 3 day tour, and it ended in style with learning the tradition Japanese and Dutch (cough) dances. A definite surprise Bolivia had been!, Portobello mushrooms stuffed with bacon and goats cheese, I used the Chomas Creations adjustable pen holder for the Silhouette Cameo with the green metallic mini gel pen to draw the berry sweet sentiment, which was a download from Silhouette Studio. I then colored it in with the Copic markers. While the mini gel pen didn't bleed, I think I used the wrong paper for this one as the Copics did bleed a bit! Whooops!, I don’t find Sarah Palin jokes particularly edgy, just funny, because they’re rooted in…wait for it…truth. Jesus Christ, the woman is a moron. We could quit making jokes about her tomorrow and she’d remain a moron., They fail to grasp the concept that online views are more vehement that those expressed face-to-face. Had they noted that the vast majority supported the manager but viewed last summer’s transfer activity – or the timing of it at the least – was, we’ll be polite, a bit of a balls-up, then threre could be little argument that this was the truth. Even then it is to degrees. Panic buying is a common theme; that suggests the players were ill-conceived in their purchase but third place is hardly a failure given the start to the season and if that is confirmed, represents a better achievement than 2010-11. There is, of course, Chu-young Park to contend with…, As I have pointed out many times, there is only one elected official in the Executive Branch of the Federal Government. That official – the President – then appoints each cabinet member and other bureaucracies that in turn appoint (hire) a full staff for themselves. Elect one person, and you are stuck with millions of appointed people., The winner of my UPrinting 250 custom label/stickers giveaway has been choosen.....ramdom.org picked #20....., All along the route people came out to cheer us on throughout our 60 miles. Many of these people spent the whole weekend following our route and setting up cheering stations and supporting us. Many of these people have a very personal reason for supporting us., Please wish me luck!! I have all fingers & toes crossed!!, BLEAMY'S CORNER is a work of YA historical fiction, complete at 72,000-words., #7 Urban Decay De-Slick. This product is my secret trick to keeping my makeup on all day while shooting a wedding. Especially in the heat we've been having in STL lately. You spray it before your makeup and then again after you finish and put on mascara. I can go all day out in the heat and only have to apply a little powder before the reception. What a joy! I used to have to reapply all my makeup to look fresh again. I have very oily skin so this product is heaven-sent for me!, Finally, relief was mine…….. for the moment., I also brushed some egg wash on top of the pies. Might come back and bite me in the butt with my super hot oven. We'll see..., This show is more intense and disturbing than many. And the characters are complex and nuanced…. That’s why it’s good!, The last time I will whisper to him that, You get an idea here of who runs the family, and probably the kingdom. It is hard to believe that anyone could have respected Ahab as king. They most likely served him out of fear more than anything else., The poll is to your right and will be open for one week. We're still working on a great prize, These are what you must empty, before you can get to the good ‘Redemption’ stuff!, User Score: 8.9, Stevie shouts over., By your mighty pow’r make whole, Cables leak, are you listening?, But here in this moment, like the eye of a storm, So all the kids are home from school and playing quite nicely together--much to my surprise! But I can't say I want school to be canceled again tomorrow!, Meanwhile, stir the yogurt and harissa together in a small bowl, and let sit at room temperature while the chicken roasts., 09 - The Journey 07:33, and finally as part of the, she's also working on filling in those crazy bald spots all over her peacock-hair-noggin., Just let me know., So I head out to the chicken house and grab a bunch of poop/straw, I pick up the poop that is EVERYWHERE (a whole nother blog post) and dump it into a large plastic container. I've tried to re invent the wheel and didn't bother with the burlap sack or pillow case that most websites recommend the manure is put into....I just threw the poo in, added a scoop of soil (micro organisms), and filled the pails and containers with water.....(Let the water off gas overnight before adding poop if you're on city water!), I almost skipped this challenge. Not because I didn't think I couldn't do it, but because I was kind of too tired to put forth the mental capacity to actually think about it. But then Shelley started taunting me and calling me "scardy-cat", among other names, so I decided to go ahead and give it a try. I have been craving a good steak lately, so I thought I would try my hand at broiling them for the first time. They turned out ok, but probably would have been better if I hadn't bought the cheapest toughest steaks available at the store. But the flavor was good, and I enjoyed the goat cheese/butter on the top! The cauliflower and parsnips puree, however, is an entirely different story. Oh sweet deliciousness, I could have eaten it all. I almost did, actually, because I went back for seconds, and it was too amazing to throw it away, so I ate as much as I could possibly handle. We also served these awesome honey cornmeal muffins as well, but I forgot to take pictures of them., GoHealthInsurance.com reports that they found 200% improvement in productivity last year after they did away with the old accrued vacations concept. Since HubSpot implemented the policy, the company has been ranked as the #2 fastest-growing software company on the Inc. 500. All these real world examples cannot be aberrations. It is clear that when employees are allowed to act and decide freely about their work environment they seem to actually put in more hours at work., No Chipotle burrito and taco restaurant has ever made me as sad as the one that sits on St Marks Place. I can't be overdramatic and say that every instance of gentrification is a bad one, but this particular case, standing next door to a gourmet grocery store, is a bit more notable than most., Hey, speaking of that, when will the next blog post be, and how often will you post?, i'm back for a bit before i leave for NYC this weekend (COMICCON! you are coming, yes? OF COURSE YOU ARE! you should totally come to THIS THING WHERE I WILL BE ahem ahem.), Conditions can make you smile, sweetest,smartest,and kindest dog God ever created. I miss you everyday Lovey. :) I'm thankful for always sticking by me thru happy times and sad times. You even stayed by my side thru the divorce. You always brought a smile to my face., If the first 2+ weeks of 2010 are any indication... Beer Tap TV is gonna have a kick ass year! Last weekend both Erik and I were out and about on BTTV business. He was darting around the mid-west and I was out in Northern California., You’re Not Alone, Saosin – Things change for Joy when she meets Creed, May, and Santos. But there are challenges even in finding a new family, especially when they have secrets of their own., There are only two languages: love and fear., While it is ok to be on other design teams concurrently with this, With Dave now a full-time college student (way to go, baby!) and essentially a stay-at-home dad/housekeeper, me working full-time, both of us coaching Thing 2's junior baseball team two days a week and Thing 1 in baseball practice another two days a week, we’re stretched thin. Very thin. I posted on Facebook the other day (my first post in a couple of weeks), “I wish all the running around we do for kids (and ourselves) could count as exercise and burn calories, because I’m exhausted!”, Now, let's move on to Elle. My sweet yet sassy little lady. So, we have learned the art of ignoring. How a three year old can master this concept is beyond me. She is also really good at changing the subject in the blink-of-an-eye. I frequently have to hold her cheeks so that she will stare at me so I can talk to her. Then she says "Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes....MOMMY" until I shut up. Awesome! On the other hand, she gives kisses like they are going out of style and loves to play with my hair. She hasn't learned how to be gentle yet, but we are trying. She has to do everything herself even though it takes forever. I am pretty sure I have peed my pants a bit because I am holding it in while waiting for her to decided to get out of her car seat and get in the house. Then she will look at me and say "Mommy, I am trying, please hold on!!" So, Sorry! Her attitude is refreshing though, and I know that she is just being a true 3 year old. As a friend of mine said (little shout-out to Jessica H.) "You want that attitude because you know she will be able to hold her own when she gets older." I am pretty sure I butchered what she said...but it was something like that. We love dancing (especially Dancing with the Stars), so we are about to embark on our first dance class on June 3rd. Fun! She has a unique sense of style too. When picking out some new PJ's the other day, she did not choose the monkey, frogs, ice-cream cones, or butterflys. No, my daughter chose the...crab. She said "whooooo, crabs." Again...Awesome., I found a lot more action, suspense, romance and even loss in this book. There isn't a page in this book that you don't feel someway connected to the story as if that is what you're going through at a moment in time or perhaps even while your reading., So my project today is a LO I created to put a pic of my oldest in. Her name is Alayna, and we call her Laynee for short, so it was only a matter of time before she got nicknamed Laynee Bug :) So our little Laynee Bug is 10yrs old already but she will always be our baby., Luckily I haven't had to venture any further than the dining room table and kitchen worktops today (yes I even take those over for crafty creating .. .. they are just the right height for so many jobs)., Hanns Heinz Ewers – The Spider, Just sneaking in one more post for 2011;) I've been meaning to share some party drink recipes I've come across lately and today's Herald had some more so I thought I'd share them in case you are wanting to make some party drinks for tomorrow night. Some have rather fancy ingredients but I guess a good liquor store should stock them ?! I prefer recipes where you make it all in a jug/pitcher so there are some of these and some where you make them in each guests individual glass., I decided that the universe must really want me to come up with a better, fuller answer., I can guarantee you, or most of you, I guarantee that I have more debt than all of you. With 6 kids, I still pay off my student loans. I still pay my mortgage. I drive a used minivan. If you think I’m living high on the hog, I’ve got one paycheck. So I struggle to meet my bills right now. Would it be easier for me if I get more paychecks? Maybe, but at this point I’m not living high on the hog., I won’t ever share with them, I am going to give myself the rest of the day off from writing, except in the case of spontaneous surprise attacks by ideas. I always brake for those, because they’re worse than hitting full-grown deer. They always total the writer’s brain when you ignore them. One way or another, they get their own back on you, even if it’s that perpetual feeling of having had something great only to find it slipped through your fingers. I’m actually going to try to take a few days off, given how hard I’ve been pushing myself for about four months now, but we all know my ability to walk away from writing even temporarily is nearly non-existent. I think some reading, maybe some gaming (which I haven’t done in a couple of weeks), is in order. I’d go out and get myself something special for dinner tonight to celebrate, but the wind outside is making an attempt to blow my apartment building over, and the buzzer for my apartment doesn’t work, so delivery is out as an option. Damn. Maybe tomorrow I’ll treat myself to lunch out at my favourite fancy burger joint., 07. He's Scared of His Shadow, Mueller is hoping to reopen in a new location, but that takes scratch. In order to raise some, he'll be selling $5 barbecue plates at Kellie's Place (corner of 5th St. and Pedernales) this Saturday, February 4 from 10am until the meat's all gone., So… this is almost like telling people we’re having another baby!, And little Joe, just as though, and worshippers alike. A collection of theological and practical, at 12.51pm the 6.3 magnitude earthquake abruptly hit Christchurch and ripped their lives apart - permanently., plunged into my palms in plush and feral, “She likes to tan with me,” Krentcil said. “She wants to be just like mommy.”, I’m not sure what made me think of it just now, but I may as well write it down., Elvis even covered Aussie hitmaker Olivia Newton-John’s country hits “If You Love Me Let me Know” and others when the country music industry was creating an American country music awards show just to prevent non-Americans from country stardom, as if you can’t sing country if you weren’t born to it., I had a kid., The construction of the tower was complex because of the very poor ground conditions on the site. The foundations were based on a sunken concrete cassion that was built above ground then sunk over a period of time. Cassion foundations are often found in harbour construction; to find this foundation being used in the 1960s for a local authority tower block was a first, the cassion below the tower was put to use as an underground garage area for residents. The tower itself has a very bold and striking appearance, unlike any other tower block or high rise building in the UK. Derwent Tower is of a Brutalist design and retains lots of design similarities with the Gatesheads "Get Carter car park" also a product of the Owen Luder Partnership. The building houses two-bedroom flats up to the 10th floor, 1 bedroom flats from floor 11 to 29., When we were kids and had one of those moments when we could not, simply could not stop talking, the saying at home was:, So picture this: you are a college football coach and you've dreamed about being a sports commentator for years - you just knew you could do it, but no, you actually had no formal training. But one day, you win a position on NBC, during the playoffs!!! AMAZING!! You are terribly excited, grateful and nervous as hell. You show up first day of your dream job, and you are reminded that yes, your first day of your new job will indeed be on national television., The twin issues of immigration and foreign workers have perpetually hogged the headlines since last year, an indication of how it has become a “national obsession” of Singaporeans., God does work in many ways. Imagine if I were in other place, there wouldn't be opportunities like this. I'm not saying performing is one of my dream,in fact it's never my dream and I always think it's impossible, who knew, well it's a fun thing to do as a side income during my uni life. :-) I mean, how many students does performing as a side income? hehe.. this would be LEGENDARY!, Occupy Philly Free University, Yep, you read it right, only 2 drops of the H2 in the window cleaner. I quickly tested this cleaner because, well my homemade stinky alcohol/vinegar window cleaner really works good even though it stinks. I did not think there was any way that 2 drops in that 16 oz bottle would get anything clean. I was wrong! I cleaned half of my big mirror in my living room with the Shaklee and asked my husband which side was cleaner (he did not see me clean with the Shaklee) and by far the Shaklee was clearer and brighter. I had no idea my stinky cleaner was streaking. I also put it to the big test of cleaning my laminate floors. I am telling you, NOTHING gets these floors clean without streaking.....until NOW!, That is, in favor of reading as many of them as possible., International Swapping! Everyone Welcome 18+ To Participate in This Swap!, It never gets old., 3 tomatos, “There’s huge amounts of monies amounting to millions of rand moving from one account to the other,” the official said., Plenty of sighs, OK, where was I? Catching up. Let's see... I'll try to give the Cliff's Notes version:, Just as I don't know how I found the grocery store, I have no idea how I eventually ended up back at my hotel. I don't think anyone even knew I was gone., Let’s face it, dishonest people have been around since the beginning of time, and they’re not going to go anywhere. I’m wondering who the hackers are. Are they teenagers with nothing better to do? Or are they just your average guy or girl who want to make a buck? It could be just about anybody. It could be one of my contemporaries., Corporate globalization is a stronger phenomenon than in the past, but is not new — Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels discussed globalization in the Communist Manifesto, written in 1848. That was a year of revolts in multiple European countries and empires. Those revolts ultimately failed, ushering in a period of reaction and strengthened monarchies. Despite the immediate failure of 1848, the uprisings did have long-term effects, most importantly the rise of working class organizations to combat the power of capitalist states, a necessity more forcefully administered after the bloody crushing of the Paris Commune in 1871., Some very exciting updates., Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil. Add the spaghetti and cook according to the directions on the package; about 5-8 minutes., puncture wound to her inner, He and approximately 60 other former Episcopal priests around the United States, many of whom are married, are studying for the priesthood using a teleconferencing system to hear lectures and discuss their intense course of readings. While some men join the teleconference alone, Hough gathers with several other men at a Catholic church., So thank you Jackie for a wonderful meal, perhaps it was just as well that I waited a day later to try your fine cuisine. Eating whilst lying prone on the floor is never much fun., On to Mr. Lao, have you seen this video on youtube?, I find it interesting that much of the fame of a wine region like Bordeaux rests on its great, top end wines – Château Latour et al – with many of the other estates relying on a measure of reflected glory and reputation to help them sell the wines that most of us actually drink. It strikes me that in the New World, however, it is almost the reverse, with the reputation of many wineries being made by the more everyday wines and some of that prestige then being redirected to help the consumer trade up to their rarer and reserve bottlings., So she had to retire to her fainting couch to recover., Just a quick note then I'm off to bed. It's been a busy day but most of that was before work. Did alot of running around and was almost late. I hate being late. That sort of made me grouchy., It is the greatest legacy to understand our reticence,, “Here is a picture we have for you of Big Sprout’s visit last week,” I said handing it to him., this is a cute shoujo and i can completely relate to the main character so i absolutely love it, They’ll go with you, It seems obvious doesn’t it?, Sue R. Meckstroth, We had a nerdy day on May 4th, as it's Star Wars Day all over the world... (May the Fourth be with you) - so the boys got their inner geek on... (Yes, my boys internet names - Chewie and Artoo are Star Wars names), God to come on earth as it is in heaven, and, Go ahead and guess what has happened? Yep! I’m locked in. At this point I’m laughing so hard I’m crying. 10 minutes later I break out and can now retrieve my shower items. As I go to put the toilet lid down to place towels on it…it ends up on the ground. Silly me to think it was connected TO the toilet. It was then I glanced up and saw handprints on either side of the door…sorta painted on. Maybe I’m not the first to be trapped here., Or, take a film in which there are even three takes on an event. Kurosawa’s Rashomon (1950) presents us with three takes on the same incompossible set of events. Unlike Persona, we cannot simply see the film as two views of the same events, for these events cannot exist in the same world together. For Deleuze, a film like this is one of the earliest examples in film of what he calls the powers of the false. And beyond this, we can even imagine a film which is little more than a series of modifications of the same event (ie: the interruption of dinner, in The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeosie, 1972), such as we see in many of Bunuels later films., All the tax rates and exemptions refer to national inheritance law, and apply to almost all non-residents. Residents will find regional differences., Oh, and the food? Sooo good! Wedding food can be so hit or miss...but this was a "hit". They had super tender roast beef, chicken cordon bleu, green beans and creamy mashed potatoes., I don’t remember who, but someone in my 1980s radio career once advised me to speak as if I were addressing only one person, not the whole audience. So, it’s not, “Hello everybody,” it’s, “Hello, you.”, Last week I had a big time craving for some Asian flavored food. The ginger and garlic and soy and PEANUT SAUCE! Mmmmm. I decided to make some really lean turkey meat balls and some green beans. What really sent this dish over the top though, was the thick peanut sauce that I drizzled over top. Actually, it was so thick that I'm not sure drizzle is the right word. Maybe slop. Or slather. Yes, slather is the right word., In the end Harper knows what she wants and finds herself wanting it to be a success this time and knowing the only way to get that is to jump in and not worry about what will happen. Throwing caution to the wind she jumps in and what a bumpy ride it is. I loved it!, For those of you who have pets, you are tending the holy in caring for them for they are God’s love wrapped up in fur!, Just beyond scenic Charlottesville, but before you hit Waynesboro, is the Blue Mountain Brewery. Home to such acclaimed beers as Full Nelson Pale Ale and Dark Hollow, Blue Mountain is set in some of the most picturesque landscape of Virginia's countryside. It's comfortable and cozy, like an old country home, only with everything brand new and a brewery attached. Inside is a classy stone fireplace, several wooden tables and a sleek bar setup that has a backing glass window featuring the fermentation tanks in the brewing area., As for Marianne and Johann and their dark night in a dark house where they lay in bed cheating on their present spouses, that's not a house I ever want to inhabit. That house burned down, and nothing will rise from its ashes., It was not always thus. There are politicians in modern history whose command of language was sublime, people who could have lived in the great ages of the past, in the Athens of Pericles, people whose words will always be remembered for their perspicacity and transcendence. For me there are two in particular: Abraham Lincoln and Winston Churchill., Time to vacate the Dante Chamber, But that was all ego. It didn’t want to deal with the shame, the guilt, the despair, the fear, the pride, and the anger. These may be the body’s natural responses. And yes, I felt the whole gamut of feelings, the bleak depths of which I did not know existed. How can people survive this, I wanted to know. It was painful. I wasn’t eating. I wasn’t sleeping. All I did was cry., District Judge Lucy H. Koh of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, San Jose division ruled on Wednesday that the plaintiffs’ antitrust claims cannot be dismissed on the basis of implausibility, and that they have adequately pleaded antitrust injury as a result of six agreements among the companies., So, in the next week or two expect to see a handful of posts that will hopefully be up to the standard I expect of myself., I painted the turquoise color first because the color was less opaque and if I messed up painting the white it wouldn't show through. It took 2 coats & some touch ups for the turquoise & 4 coats for the white. Also make sure you paint the inside of the drawer because it looks nicer!, See and be; light be, Jeremiah 6:16, The story of the George is also the story of some bizarre characters who once drunk there. There's Sir John Mennis, Comptroller of Charles II's Royal Navy and inventory of a literary genre I've chosen to call Stuart-Era Fart Poetry. There's John Taylor, the Water Poet, who once rowed from London to the Isle of Sheppey in a boat made from paper with oars of salt cod tied to sticks. There's Shakespeare, Dickens, Chaucer, Dick Turpin, the Sugababes, Samuel Pepys, Philip 'the most miserable man in the world' Stubbes, Samuel Johnson, a monkey riding a horse, and possibly the greatest pub landlady who ever lived., When I read a few chapters of Kate's first novel, I loved her style and her characters. Kate is a homeopath who cares deeply for the people she works with and this comes through in her work. There's beautiful warmth in her writing and her plots are gripping. I know girls are going to adore her books., Hope you all had a creative Saturday :), “Police say they cannot do anything..cannot call her…say if call her =helping to chat back debt which is illegal…simi lan sia lol” (read more here), and didden hem derely vndo as <U+00FE>e dede askez, Carolyn managed to WOW us again with another creative project, in your well used little black book, Greece, Thirsty recruits his college girlfriend Mary Ann Summers, a huge Ginger Grant fan, to talk Ginger and his father into a secret trip to an exclusive resort. Captained by Skipper Grumby and his first mate Gilligan, of course. But the conspirators’ carefully laid plans go awry when Mrs. Howell gets wind of her husband’s infidelities and joins the voyage… then Hinkley is convinced he’ll finally be able to collect his coveted guano, so he comes along… and Mary Ann doesn’t want to be left out, so she jumps on board as well…, 11. The Mojo - Crazy Midnight, Come and join us for Thee Polyvinyl Craftsmen Christmas Bash, Laggers, Miggins and Coop came out of the shed to the warmth of the Miggins house for A PVC party with family and friends to record our Xmas special. Along with a selection of festive nuggets we invited our family to share some of their favourite tunes too. Presents were given, food was munched and booze was chucked back in a two hour frenzy of good cheer., March 13 Rhythm Room, Phoenix AZ, If so... grab this button to share on your blog!, ME: OMG GET IN YOUR LANE!, There were about 20 ‘maybes’ that we then had to re-read and some of these made it onto the Yes list, some different, so we ended up with 30 stories. But it’s also down to taste and we tried to be as objective as we could be in our selection which is why several readers works well and then the final selection will be read by our final judges and shared until we find a winner, runner up and what stories will make it into the anthology. Then we also think about how they fit together as a collection as well, but the whole time looking for something strong, well-written and that gripped us., —Dinny McMahon contributed to this article., #12 1961 Eric Salmanca EP Jefferson 440 Yards 47.6, “Well, umm,” Jack said slowly trying to think of a way to break the news, “this is going to be complicated.”, The massive cloud of charged particles could disrupt utility grids, airline flights, satellite networks and GPS services, especially in northern areas. But the same blast could also paint colorful auroras farther from the poles than normal., A year later, it's Friday night and I'm heading to Borders, thinking "I could really use some Jennifer Crusie right now.", What I want the most., Feeding myths of freedom, Kate Bush is very... unlikely. A teen prodigy, she, More info at 775-337-1717 or sparkskiwanis@gmail.com, James Hallawell (keyboards), So I carefully slid onto the vinyl seat of the telephone stand and gently lifted the receiver to my ear. I expected to hear the voice of one of Mom’s friends. But I didn’t recognize the voice at all., Offering value without compromise, the Nokia Astound for T-Mobile offers a sleek stainless-steel design with a brilliant 3.5-inch capacitive touch AMOLED display, free turn-by-turn navigation from Nokia, and an 8-megapixel camera with dual-LED flash and 720p HD video capture., Featured here is The Twinery's Maraschino baker's twine with a Flax center., She thought she was ready to come back, to forget about Holden and to let go of the rage consuming her., Ultraman:, What would you like a one-sentence description of yourself to say?, Yes, for the more frenzied fanboys his power source was still from Otherworld - a realm built up from the collective self-conscious of every Briton, in every alternative universe. But for those who wanted the quicker explanation 'Magic from Merlyn' would do. No more debates over 'Is he powered by his costume?' (The answer, incidentally, has always been no - it was only ever a very confusing, and ill-defined 'booster' at best) because now, more clear than all the other explanations, the power was simply within Brian himself., Thanks, and congrats Grace!, PS. If I had to guess the bail for a similar case in Australia - it would be bailed on her own surety (that is zero dollars). Australia's lack of a bill of rights looks pretty good here., Jeremy – 199 (51.13%) wow!, While some recipes haven't been as tasty as we hoped, one of our favorites to-date is a Tikka Masala recipes that we found in Real Simple Magazine., However ambush marketing tactics have been used in the past and are being used at the current World Cup., turtle, My baby girl is 10 months old today. She is so different from her siblings and fits so well in our family., Consequently, Eve ate the fruit which God had forbidden and disobedience (“sin”) came into the perfect creation. From that time on, mankind had to work for his living, and the animals were wild and afraid of him., And it was really good., The Greatest Sacrifice, Then she experiences something that radically changes her perspective on life. Could it be God convincing her that everything she’s been looking for has been with her all along?, But first, some "Before & After" snaps of our little project., I remembered that cynicism wasn’t helpful; I really had forgotten that. I realised I could carry my cynicism like a useless backpack full of stuff that I would never use. Or I could set it down and unpack it, and discard the things that were damaging and put to work the things that were useful., 1 loaf of stale bread watered and squeezed dry., The famous Mos Eisley Cantina scene has been through quite a few revisions. In the original, Han Solo shot Greedo before the Rodian Bounty Hunter could shoot him, thus immediately and beautifully establishing Han as an anti-hero. In the Special Edition, Han shoots a fraction of a second after Greedo, thus immediately establishing Han as... a kind of anti-hero ... with great reflexes? In the Blu-Ray version, the scene reaches its inevitable conclusion: Han doesn't shoot at all. Rather, he delivers a devastatingly rakish smile and Greedo simply dies of a tragic, completely unconnected heart attack., The life of the theatre, bar-room, huge hotel, for me!, How did I do it? Faithfully practicing the basics. Scales, scales, scales. Boring, boring scales. Memorizing the piece hands separately. Breaking it down by the phrase, then by the note. There is no substitute for getting the basics down. Period. Once you have the fundamentals - I'm talking muscle memory - then you are free to infuse the music with your soul., When a new relationship shows up in your life, which of your fears surface? Do you seek to understand where these fears stem from, or do you repress them hoping they’ll go away?, Gorgie City Farm, in her parents’ Chicago lake shore apartment, Meanwhile, back in Oriana’s kingdom, everyone is watching her dance in the ‘ole bubble., So, I am seriously, seriously crossing my fingers that I am not TOOOOOO late, because this will be the 3rd post that is required for the application!!!, A few years back, I went to see Schindler’s tree in Yad Vashem. I have always thought that he was definitely a hero of the Shoah … but with a few caveats, of course. Having read Kasztner’s train, however, I now fail to understand what the real difference is between he and Schindler – why one has been honoured, and has been laid to rest in Jerusalem, and why the other was assassinated by members of the same country., I never heard of Lisa Scottoline and I decided to do some research. She wrote a bunch of books. She was from the Philly area. She wrote some funny columns for the paper. She seemed down to earth. She had a new book called Save Me coming out in a few months. I emailed her my story about how I took my Mother-in-law to a book signing but not my mom and asked her if she could help. I never heard back. I emailed again. Nothing., ion from mad-dog armeanians and basically takes no shit! But if your one of his boys, he'll have your back. Ok, so Vic is not a big screen cop, but he has to get amention cause The Shield is the best show on TV., Did your parents show you that men and women have positive roles in each other’s lives? Did they respect each other? Did they teach you that you could feel secure and happy? That you could do what you wanted to do and achieve what you wanted to achieve because nothing stood in your way? How did they show you love? Was it giving or controlling? How much control did you have over any of this?, On the negative side, despite Auel’s research, there is a lot of conjecture because even now there is a lot about the Neanderthal that is still a mystery to us. This is not the writer’s fault, but I feel this book will date with any substantial discoveries on the horizon. Despite keeping her feet firmly on the ground and avoiding spiritual and fantasy elements, there is one scene toward the end of the book that did unfortunately dabble in a vision that we would identify as modern technology. I felt it was out of place; either make this a fantasy novel or leave it out entirely., We can’t afford to allow our hearts to harden. We can’t let our understanding to darken. The truth is, we can’t survive without God, but if we allow these things to happen then separation from God will surely result., Daddy took on the job of removing the top of each can. Using a file to sharpen them, they were so sharp they'd cut the pan., David who slew the giant Goliath as a shepherd boy failed to slay the giant of lust within his heart as the king (shepherd) of God’s people and commited the sin of adultery with Uriah’s wife, which displeased God. So how could it be said that David had a heart of integrity? God chose David because he was a man after God’s own heart (Acts 13:22). So David started out with a heart of integrity. But when David wilfully sinned against God, his heart was divided between the matters of the Spirit of God and the flesh; no longer wholesome, no longer complete. So God sends his prophet Nathan to confront the king and David repents. In his prayer of repentance David prayed that God creates in him a clean heart (Psalm 51:10) and later affirms that God will not despise a contrite (remorseful) heart (Psalm 51:17)., 12. Love is Dangerous, The Beer Ambassadors are Barney Mathews and Miro Bellini from Beer Deluxe and "Road Goat" Tom Delmont who recently travelled the US to ... well, to drink beer, really. Tonight Ale Stars will be regaled by the stories of their trip., Last week's challenge really got some of you thinking and we had some super submissions., It blows your mind., Back to the kitchen; a pantry had a window looking out to the enclosed back yard and police cells. A door led from the kitchen to the scullery on the right which had a back door into the yard. In the scullery was a copper for boiling up clothing, and a blue bag would be added to make ‘whites’ whiter. Under the copper was space for a small fire to heat the water. There was also a large old fashioned mangle on a stand with a bucket beneath to catch the water which was squeezed from the items as they passed between the wood rollers by turning a large handle. When I had my first cycle it was kept in this room as there was no shed. The last time my father chastised me was in this room, I can’t remember what it was about. He gave me a ‘ ding round the lug’ but it didn’t have much effect!, To bring into perspective how prevalent an issue suicide (or even just the ability to survive after one’s career) is in the NFL community, take a few seconds and visit GamesOver.org, a nonprofit organization that is dedicated to providing transitional resources to benefit retired athletes. On their site, Games Over shares a list of the ten biggest challenges facing retired NFL players. A stat that stands out from those challenges: “the suicide rate for active and retired players is six times greater than the national average.” Six times. Six! Absolutely astounding and sickening., It was Luke, her brother. Lisa quickly hid the bottle between the bed and her bedside table., I love that life allows us the opportunity to constantly reflect and evolve; to recreate ourselves., The other way is to just hold a spoon and bend it. Using your hands., Catherine xoxox, Location: Milwaukee, WI, But this is why I’m taking Occupy Wall Street — or, perhaps more specifically, the ‘We Are The 99 Percent’ movement — seriously. There are a lot of people who are getting an unusually raw deal right now. There is a small group of people who are getting an unusually good deal right now. That doesn’t sound to me like a stable equilibrium., Between the downhill races there are also uphill races., one for boys of 12 years and under, one for girls and an 'open' race there is an open mens and open womens uphill race too!, Some may agure that extending unemployment is not the answer, but without this small amount of help many will do without. It is not for lack of trying as jobs are almost non exsistant today. The only thing that is stopping the United States from returning to the unemployment rates of the depression is unemployment benifits. Yet, now the republicans, think the best thing to do is block this legislation., Looking forward to the next Perak elections, these girls just get it., Also, I would very much like to be here more. I miss this place. In truthfulness, when I started this blog, I liked the semi-anonymity of it all. I didn't tell very many people I knew about it. I've become a bit too self-conscious about it, but I don't want that to be a factor so much anymore.... I really likes what Blake said about blogs. I know that I most love blogs that give me a little peak into some one's life. Not the best photos, the best advice, the perfect recipes (although I like those too!). I would like to pop in here regularly for more reflections and anecdotes and ideas and snapshots from my day. I want to record this life that is happening. The good and the not so good., The pictures don't do this justice. It was really cute in person., The piece Flora did around my haiku was a small spiders web, in a frame with the poem sand blasted on through a stencil., “Both of those, I don’t know what they were all about really,” she grins. “It was like I had just accidentally walked into the line of fire with, ‘HEY! YOU THERE!’” She pretends to walk, freezes, and fires that well-honed rabbit-in-headlights face. “It was all quite surreal. I still think Kylie’s people were trying to call Jamelia, and they just got the wrong number. It’d be much more funny if that is how it actually happened. Go with that one,” she laughs as she taps my notepad., is slow, On July 14, 2010, Camp Monserrate had another day of fun. It was an average day, nothing extraordinary. The Cavaliers got ready to climb the hardest mountain yet, Mt. Giant. We also had MLS, which was softball. The Elite won the Navigators by one. Other than that we had a pretty normal day. In the afternoon, 6:50 pm, the Cavaliers got back from their hike safely. And so went the day., Once an idea takes hold that people like Sarkozy can be voted out, it changes the political dynamic., We started out with the blank wall, and taped off the edges:, There are some well established ones, like the Leeds and Sheffield awards, there are some that are specific to new authors, like the Heart of Hawick or the New Horizons Book award, there are others that are just starting out (Hi, Warwickshire Junior Book Award!). But what all of these awards have in common is the dedicated professionals behind them working hard to encourage reading. They might be county or school's service librarians, or even teachers with responsibility for the school library and they work hard to bring new books to new readers., Except a 20 year study now proves that wrong. For occasional users, anyway. For heavy users — sometimes there are still problems. It’s possible to overdo anything., As I’ve said before, the true objectives of clandestine operations, no-matter how insignificant, are NEVER revealed to the general populace, and even if one tries to identify, from the bits and pieces of news that filter through, whether the forces at work are good or evil, you will eventually get bogged down in a grey area dotted with futile second-hand circumstantial evidence., This is not, of course, to deny the mutual sectarian hostility that existed between Catholics and Protestants in NI, but simply to point out that the exercising of this hostility was not the primary motivating factor for the PIRA. The PIRA set off thousands of bombs during the Troubles, but only the very smallest fraction of them have become notorious for having killed large numbers of civilians. This is not the behaviour one would expect of an organization which took the killing of civilians as a key objective. Truck bombs of the sort that devastated English cities in the 1990s could have killed hundreds of civilians if the PIRA had detonated them with such murderous intent., It may seem like a simple question. In the context of the series of questions though, it is a very deep, reflective question. When comparing and contrasting ‘sobriety’ and ‘recovery’ does one really have to go through ‘recovery?’ That’s what it is asking. To which my answer is, “No, sobriety is not enough. Yes, you need to go through ‘recovery.’”, and times. Rather, build your life on the proven and tested Word of God that’ll, Wedding dinner of my nephew Kean Low and Annie Tay (both childhood sweethearts) @ The Royal Ballroom@ Palace of The Golden Horses, Seri Kembangan., In a series of e-mails, Pamela Hile, a spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania fund, said that the fund had made many new alternative investments from 2004 to 2007. Some of these entities, like venture-capital funds, often have negative returns in the early years as that money is invested, she said., About three weeks later, I called the furniture store and they said they would not be sending the man over to repair the couch (as originally scheduled). We were to come in and pick out new couches, and they would take the old ones away. So I flew my Dad up on vacation, and took him, Nana, Kerri and us to the furniture store. And after a grueling 8 hour day, where we sat on every single couch in the store at least twice, we finally chose a new set., While the words are trivial, my prayers, thoughts and love go out to the family who lost Justin. And every time I hear a story like this...or of a teen who passed in an accident...a grandpa who died of cancer...a child who lost his battle... whether I know them or not, I will say a prayer for the family and friends who are living the reality. And to all of you who have known such a loss, I only hope that the memories of those you have loved will be forever in your heart and encourage you to continue to live their legacy every single day of your life., I already said back then "If I could have such clothes in Germany, I'd totally dress as a girl". xD;, Here in Egypt they have styles I’ve never seen;, Cancer comedy. It doesn’t really seem like those two words should be grouped together. It would also make people take a step back and ponder whether any movie that is a cancer comedy would work. Surprisingly not only does it work, but it was a great film. The comedy and seriousness blend together to make a touching movie that doesn’t get too depressing but still offers genuine human emotions. Joseph Gordon Levitt is great and Seth Rogen proves that he does have a deft touch to be able to act when he wants., one medal, Now apply a little bit of glue at the ends that are sticking out and just glue them down to the cone., Some complained that he reeked, but the complainer never looked for the source where flesh tore open and bled. Some tossed out moral and literal dress codes, while they slogged down shots and fingered the goods from those illicit shops. Some tried to sooth his wounds by breathing out a faint breeze but it only helped for a second. Some pelted at him with rocks., The party for Traci felt like the closing of a circle. Bittersweet, but a beautiful release nonetheless., Tuesday: Rigatoni and Garlic Bread, I went of a lunchtime with my beautiful mate H (who as of this week no longer works with us, so we’ll have to book her in advance for a lunchtime pho trip when she’s back in the country) and got spring rolls and the usual, that is, rare beef pho. The original and the best. The spring rolls come out hot and crispy, just the way they should be., the Bible is divinely inspired, but it was interpreted, God’s message was interpreted, by fallible human beings, who were constrained by their knowledge of facts about the universe, for instance, when they wrote. God, who created everything, knew that the size of stars and God knew that the earth was not the center of the universe. And when the Bible says that the stars would fall on earth as though they were little twinkling things, obviously that’s not factual. And so I believe the basic thrust of the Bible, the basic message of the Bible, is epitomized in the life of Christ and in the teachings of Jesus Christ. And I also believe that there is nothing in the Old Testament that contradicts the basic teachings of Christ for peace, justice, humility, love and so forth, and each person’s proper relationship with other human beings and also a relationship with God. So I believe in the miracles of the Bible. I believe that Jesus was come from a virgin birth. I believe Christ died for our sins on the cross. I believe He was resurrected and that we are promised, if we have faith in Christ through the grace of God, that we will inherit eternal life. I believe that God loved the world so much that He gave His only begotten Son. I believe those things, but I know that there are some things as a scientist—my background is in nuclear physics—there’re some things that weren’t understood by the writers of the Bible. I just ignored those, 1/2 t baking soda, Excellent! The man ruined lives for years, committed egregious acts of violence, and he deserves to be locked away for the rest of his piteous life., Then I considered how much the rest of what Holmes said reminded me of the way I feel about my life at the moment, or that is, what has just happened in my life. There’s an east wind coming all the same, such a wind as never blew on England yet. It will be cold and bitter, Watson, and a good many of us may wither before its blast. I have never before had to endure, or keep enduring, any of the things that have happened and begun to happen in and around me. It is colder, and more bitter, than I have ever had to go through before. I really felt, and sometimes feel, as if I might just go ahead and wither before its blast. But then again, I thought, but it’s God’s own wind none the less, and a cleaner, better, stronger land will lie in the sunshine when the storm has cleared. It’s true, my life right now, however cold and bitter it seems, and however much I feel like I might wither before its blast, is God’s own wind none the less, and I have the open choice to lie a cleaner, better, stronger person in the sunshine when the storm has passed. It might never completely pass of course, and probably won’t, these are only the shadow lands, to borrow another metaphor, but some day, I will lie a cleaner, better, stronger person in the sunshine of God, when the storm of this life has passed. I will hold on, however cold, however bitter, and not wither, not wither, looking to that day when I am a cleaner, better, stronger person, in the light of God, for my storm will have cleared., This is about the time of year we begin to hear laments about the "commercialization of Christmas." Christmas, it seems, has become nothing more than a materialistic bacchanalia celebrating the worst aspects of our greed, all for the purposes of corporate exploitation. It has always struck me as odd that a holiday dedicated to buying things for other people should be denounced in these terms. The guy who otherwise spends his money on a new BMW and fancy clothes for himself, instead spends it on gifts for his relatives and friends. This is a bad thing? Money represents buying power and nothing else. The question is ultimately not whether it should be spent, but on what it will be spent. An annual celebration that involves a cultural tradition of spending your money on others seems like it should be far down our list of social sins., But it was too late. Nick had already passed from innocence to experience whether he knew it or not- and his father was unable to stop it- just as I was unable to stop my daughter from hearing that foul mouth across the street- and just like I will never be able to stop my daughter from passing from innocence to experience- it was for me as it was for Nick’s father as it is and was for every father- real or fiction- alive or dead- beyond our control., Then Van Cleef & Arpels sued Klum over the design, and that was the end of her QVC stints, appearances that would leave host Rick Domeier jabbering, as nervous as a school boy., Elizabeth followed her gaze, seeing the ground dark with shadows under the overhanging eaves. It reminded her of when she moved the sheep’s trough to find the grass dead underneath, but infested with wiggling white worms and shiny black beetles. A foul stench rose from the mud and she wrapped a linen scarf around her mouth to save her churning stomach from throwing up. Rats that would only been seen at night in the swept grounds of Shorecross, scurried in front of her over the piles of broken crockery and rotting food, tails scaly and gleaming., The mobile billboards manned by Apprentice Prophets are supplementing the 1,200 or so stationary giant billboards all over the US … and the 2,000 billboards overseas: India, Russia, Taiwan, Europe, South America, and Africa., 5 minutes into the flight., When releasing a game its finish date and release date timing demands made by consumers while influential does not and should not determine when or if a game is released. In Mothers case Nintendo had to make the difficult decision to forgo the launch of Mother. Why? Because the launch would have not only failed miserably but it could have adversely effected SNES hardware and launch window software sales. So lets look at these two major problems., One of other piece I wish I’d bought that day was entitled ‘Faithful Unto Death’ (left)., You know, folks, the history books are full of people who overcame a handicap to go on and make a success of themselves, but Jesse is one of the few I know of who didn't overcome it. Instead he used his paranoia to make a million dollars, and become one of the best-loved characters of all time in doing it!, Just to see that smile light up your face, One is self awareness. How close to yourself are you? Are you your own best friend? Or is the person in the mirror a stranger? Can you be alone at a restaurant or a movie? These are clues to your emotional development and will determine how well you will recognize and handle your growth, the “changes” as they occur in your emotional body and as they move into and manifest into consciousness. Becoming a behavior pattern to recognize, heal, and once and for all release., múm DJ set - Loop festival afterparty at Digital - Brighton, The station is home to several pieces of artwork, some of which were loathed instantly on installation. Paul Day's 9 foot high, bronze sculpture of an embracing couple was criticised endlessly, famously by Antony Gormley. It is not the most subtle of art pieces, and sadly it just does not do justice to this beautiful old space, which has otherwise effected its rebirth with great style. Less offensive is the bronze of Sir John Betjeman, who stands marvelling at the station's staggering roof. Suspended high above the station's trains, in anticipation of next year's sporting festival, currently dangles an enormous set of Olympic rings. (At least they're better than the awful logo.), So here's where we are at ..., all of us have become like unclean people,, Every year, May 3rd is a date which celebrates the fundamental principles of press freedom; to evaluate press freedom around the world, to defend the media from attacks on their independence and to pay tribute to journalists who have lost their lives in the exercise of their profession., Caught in the middle between these two groups—between those with faith and those without it—non-Christian onlookers get pretty much all their information on what faith is from the atheist camp. As a result, they believe the lie that ‘faith’ and science are diametrically opposed, that to be faithful and reasonable at the same time is impossible, and that Christianity is all about destroying happiness. And regardless of whether or not they purchase the atheist line of thought, they certainly choose to remain in the middle, undecided. After all, if choosing faith meant becoming the kind of caricature that atheists uphold with regard to people with faith, then I wouldn’t want to be one either., a mind of solitude, He ranted against banks, mining houses and white-owned land and said: “the media mustn't tell me I own land. I own a little bit of land”. He praised ex-ANC president Nelson Mandela for “his visionary leadership which convinced the ANC to drop its peaceful resistance and start the armed struggle”., Jackie is full of stories on how to make your dreams a reality and how to get motivated to accomplish it all. Listening to her is truly inspiring, she makes you believe that "hey, if I can do it all, so can you." Well, that's not exactly true. Jackie is one-of-a-kind special, her humbleness keeps her from seeing how accomplished she truly is. Her lust for life is infectious and we all felt so motivated after listening to her life story. I hope you will too!, Tonka Bean, I’ve always felt fairly strongly that if a place claimed to be “the France of…” (take your pick: New Zealand, Hoboken, northwest Wisconsin), it should at least have a few French women living there. French women just add an irresistible…Frenchness…to a destination that can not be faked, not even by French men. And that is why I’m pleased to report that in a recent story that I wrote for Portland, Oregon-based MIX Magazine, I managed to find four Frenchwomen who are making wine professionally in Oregon, most of whom reside or work in the Willamette Valley (i.e. “The Burgundy of the U.S.”). Two other women who make wine in the area – and very good wine at that – are so elegant in their manners and bearing that everyone thinks they’re French, which is almost as good as the real thing. I put them into the story anyway., Kevin, Galaxie 500 - On Fire - 1989, not really, the me whos kind of calm and chill., So it seems that James had fallen on hard times after the death of his mother in 1905 and taken up the charitable offer of passage to a new land and a new start in life., Rockets2012 is the culminating activity of the acclaimed SystemsGo Aeroscience program developed over 10 years by Brett Williams, technology teacher at Fredericksburg High School., The Hound of the Baskervilles, Ow, he thought. What am I doing outisde? Why am I coverd in glass?, (redundant), Michael Jordan: 30.1ppg 6.2rpg 5.3apg 2.4spg 0.8bpg .497FG% .835 FT% .327 3P%, When a worldview becomes dominant it marginalises the opposing view and that is what has happened to traditional or national conservatism. Another complication is that new liberalism is different from classical liberalism., 05. Elena, Peter Green didn’t want the money or fame, and gave us this instead (see The Clash: Jail Guitar Doors). Thanks, Pete!, 5) The period feel of it was cool for a super hero movie., Wait, what did you just say Olga?, No doubt, you will say something like, “I wish I’d spent more time in prayer; more time in Bible reading and study; more time in church, and more time telling others about the Lord.”, Forwards DeAndre Bembry and Elijah Davis proved themselves to be next-level talents, regardless of how unheralded they might be. Bembry, a long 6-foot-6 swing-man was tasked with the thankless of job of defending Jerrett and did so admirably. While he fell way short of his 20.7 points-per-game average, he did a little bit of everything. He did about as well as anyone could on Jerrett defensively while moving the ball and picking his spots wonderfully on offense. Bembry nailed a three pointer with under five seconds left to send the game into overtime., earthquakes, we don’t have, -- Radical Rags: Fashions of the Sixties (New York:, I could not ask for more. Packing boxes and cleaning closets seem rather insignificant knowing my new residence is everything I could hope for. Surrounded by an enormous lush Oregon garden my summer afternoons shall be spent drawing in the sun and picking strawberries, kiwi, raspberries and grapes. Barbecues shall abound and Belle can run around like a wild monkey., To Bermuda, Bahama come on pretty mama, Florence, Milan, Pisa, Naples, Turin, Genoa, Bologna, and Capri. Hotel Palazzo Sasso in Ravello, Bauer Il Palazzo in Venice, Il San Pietro Hotel in Milan, Capri Palace Hotel & Spa in Capri Island, and Hotel Santa Caterina in Amalfi are regarded as few of the cesana italy accommodation and you do that. You may end up with outrageous bill waiting to be on roaming through your home service provider. In this way the cesana italy accommodation that you have, with Italy cell phone, a package, providing you with unbelievable savings., We had thought we’d have to hump six big bags of broadcast gear up over the rocks to the Tip. Or worse, a satellite dish. But in the end we did it on an I-Phone, using an app that turns voice into data, sends it via 3G over the Internet back to our radio station in Cairns., while the wind and rain tossed leaves,, Oh dear God!, 4. Links!, The questions ricocheted off the marble walls,, As a whole, my take was that the films was “good but not great” for reasons I’ll explain in a second, and I’m sticking to that even if it makes me a killjoy for those who have wholly embraced it as everything awesome is supposed to be (Scott Tobias’ review at The AV Club is a pretty close mirror to my own thoughts . . . if I weren’t going to itemize and explain every detail I though worth considering). As for the latter folks swept up in the hype, which seems to be far too much of the internet, witness, for example, the simplistic, uncritical accolades from “film critic” Margot McGowan at SF Gate. McGowan’s absurd “review” is narrow in scope and merely lauds the film for not breaking the from those elements that allow for a feminist reading of the book (which is a dubious position for many reasons that other, more capable folks have pointed out). Not that it isn’t a reasonable point to care that Katniss isn’t sexed-up in the film, but in the book that concern is primarily and textually Katniss’ . . . transferred over to the reader via her inner monologue. And the ultimate choice on whether or not to go this route in presenting her is Cinna’s, which he decidedly goes against. Further, concerns McGowan raises about gender equality (in numbers of tributes? seriously?) are patently absurd, as is the ladies working together to save each other angle she generates. The film is loyal to the book on these counts, which isn’t the same as it being “awesome,” which implies levels of both loyalty and creative changes to the source material that still capture the spirit of the novel and enthrall the audience., (all amounts are approx, you may need more or less depending on how tightly you stitch), Answer: Of course, but so are the lives of thousands that got bombs dropped on their heads without ever taking up arms with intent to take American life. It’s my belief that life is precious regardless of nationality…it’s just my personal sympathy for the human condition. If we knew those innocent people that got killed, it would be a different story. But we don’t. It’s so easy to skate over Iraqi civilian deaths when you have no personal involvement. I want to be very clear that life is life and I do not believe in taking a life regardless of reason. I hope you’d agree., Actually, understanding the context in which they are hearing my words now makes my attempts a bit easier, a bit more clear. Now I at least know that when I start working with a new group of teenagers, I need to be extremely careful to not invade their world with my adult arrogance and to not try to rape them with my “wisdom”. Because then I will only prove to them that I indeed am from that tribe and the war will start., 133 Million: Annual Paperwork Burden Hours Imposed By Regulators In 2011.(American Action Network, 1/2/12), The Archangel thinks he’s the good guy. It’s the dangers of self-righteousness that I’m raising through him. It’s clear to us (as readers) he’s motivated by pure selfishness and also that’s he’s fallen off the straight and narrow. He’s biblical attributes are primarily of war, and no-one can remain unblemished by war., Halfway to Rye on the train, I realised I’d forgotten my camera. So the pictures in this post, taken with my phone, are a little bit blurry and indistinct, but should give an idea of the landscape encountered on this walk. Think of them as an Impressionist revival., I need to hurry up and get my post over to Patties site as it closes tomorrow. Nothing like leaving it to the last minute. Please consider joining us this round at CDAC (closes 13th Feb) or check out what Patti's new challenge is going to be., Chilli powder - 1 tsp, No problem, I'm an all-powerful Wish-Granting Dude, of course I'd go for World Peace. I'd turn all guns and explosives around the world into donuts and danishes that way all the soldiers around the world would be too stuffed to fight. All the world leaders would have their offices turned into hot-tubs, because its a well known scientific fact that it impossible to declare war whilst soaking in bubbling 110-degree water. Conflicts will be settled by football and rugby matches. And any real disputes will be settled by a court consisting of Mr. Clean, the Keebler Elves, and Yoda; because they exemplify the fundamental aspects of cleanliness, industriousness, and wisdom. And since they are all fictitious they can't really be threatened or coerced. So, World Peace is taken care of. Got anything harder?, Now I haven't smelled 'In The Library' but apparently it's quite evocative. One blogger described it as 'leathery and lovely'. (He's obviously been reading first editions. The only leather in my library is the half-chewed shoe my puppy's been destroying for the past week.), *Always check lineups as close to game time as possible to make sure your picks are playing., Whatever the real truth the planners displayed an amazing lack of foresight when it came to the growth in road traffic and road transport. The motorway around Newport was rich in junctions which meant that people used it to get from one side of town to the other side – this added to congestion problems at peak times (around 40% of people using the M4 around Newport are making local journeys)., So, no big surprise that I haven't blogged in...oh...2 weeks! As always, no specific explanation, just well, kind of in a funk. I was telling Amy the other day that these always happen to me. I'll be going along great for months at a time and then all of a sudden *BAM* I just start to feel out of it. I get down on myself, start to question everything and anything, get annoyed with everything and anything and just can't really be bothered for much. I'm slowly starting to come out of this one now with the help of some (intense) workouts lately and am feeling more like myself over the past couple of days. Can I say this though....I spent FIVE hours yesterday getting caught up on blogs from the last week or so. Good lord, you ladies can write!, You know that's a fucking lie., Coffee was welcomed in the cool morning chill. We only had about 6 miles to hike out and we were in no hurry. I started checking the fresh plowed firebreaks for tracks and found the road was quite busy during the night. Fox, Rabbit, Coyote, Deer and Hog all used the road as we slept. The fox and the rabbit tracks showed an obvious chase…and from what we could tell the rabbit won!, I rather enjoyed this porter (one of my favorite styles of beer). First things I noticed with the pour was the beautiful dark brown color and the sweet chocolate aroma. The sweet chocolaty flavor was in the forefront and reminded me a little of getting a chocolate soda at the local ice cream shoppe. What surprised me was it didn't have that typical "spice" that is in the winter ales. I was dissapointed in the head on top, it wasn't that soft creamy head that I expected. But overall I will rate this beer very highly and can't wait until next Winter when it will be available again., Professor : Yes, faith. And that is the problem that science has., Me so blessed..., Many entrepreneurs with great tech ideas have a hard time securing the necessary visas to live and work in Silicon Valley. Typical US visas are not designed for international entrepreneurs; they are more geared to company employees (as in the common H1-B visa)., I return to the market on Wednesday, the day after New York experiences tremors from a 5.8 earthquake. Cathy tells me to wait until Saturday before I eat Mike's homemade kimchi as it will taste better if it has more time to ferment. I am patient for delicious. Three days later, per Cathy's instructions, I taste the kimchi. The howling winds of a downgraded Hurricane Irene go mute as I remember what it was like being in the kitchen when Mike was making kimchi. Its savor and tang inscribes my mouth with a flavorful memory that will never let me forget., In one mission set during the 1980s in Afghanistan, Alex Mason rides a horse, who was fully motion captured in the House of Moves in Los Angeles. And it looks pretty real. As do the faces of the characters. Just look at the close-up of Woods in the reveal trailer to get a grasp of how far the motion capture tech has come. I mean we are talking close to L.A. Noire facial motion capture., Here is a beautiful tribute by a son to his mother: “I don’t remember much about her views of voting nor her social prestige; and what her ideas on child training, diet, and eugenics were, I cannot recall. The main thing that sifts back to me now through the thick undergrowth of years is that she loved me. She liked to lie on the grass with me and tell stories, or to run and hide with us children. She was always hugging me. . . . And I liked it. She had a sunny face. To me it was like God, and all the beatitudes saints tell of Him. And sing! Of all the sensations pleasurable to my life nothing can compare with the rapture of crawling up into her lap and going to sleep while she swung to and fro in her rocking chair and sang. Thinking of this, I wonder if the woman of today, with all her tremendous notions and plans, realizes what an almighty factor she is in shaping of her child for weal or woe? I wonder if she realizes how much sheer love and attention count for in a child’s life.”, Now you may have heard about Meatless Mondays already. If you haven't, seriously what rock are you living under? Don't get me wrong, I blogged last week that I could never go vegan and struggle as a flexitarian, so it took a while for me to even pay this any attention. I thought it was just another abused trend that would soon enough die and be replaced with Truffle Tuesdays or Whoopie Pie Wednesday, but as my passion for all things "save the earth, the world, and myself" grew I decided to open my eyes and realized what a wonderful movement this is, second after Slow Food. All you have to do is use the power of choice. That's it! If you don't even have the energy to do that, its time you call Dr. Phil or something. Going meatless once a week, every week, will keep you looking slim and sexy since red meat contributes to obesity, and your heart will only break at the hands of boys since red meat also causes cancer and heart disease. The fresh water and fossil fuels you'll save will also get you on the shortlist for a Nobel Peace Prize. It's true. No not really, low carbon footprint is not yet a category, but I'll send you a cake in the mail for your goody two shoe ways., 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, (I used my new immersion blender to chop up the chocolate - what a blessing - it was easy and took a few seconds and came out just right.), I said, “How do you spell this?”, “Could neurotic people meow like paranoid Siamese cats?…, Thursday: Although the day directly before Friday I didn’t pay much attention to the fact that I hadn’t devised a genius plan for the weekend. Instead, I was focusing on a doctors appointment - I hate the doctors. Actually ’hate’ is a very strong word. Doctors are people I don’t know, who touch me, get real close and know all my personal details. I get awfully uncomfortable seeing them outside of the medical centre, it’s like seeing two cows perform ‘the mating ritual’ – uncommonly awkward, but you can’t help but stare. It is just a common myth that animals do not have sex for pleasure, or alternatively that humans, pigs (and perhaps dolphins and one or two species of primate) are the only species which do. Science cannot conclusively say at present what animals do and do not find pleasurable. Interesting fact., Bottomline on PPOs – Out of pocket depends on services received, slightly more expensive premium, more freedom of choice., In other words, many SWP leaders, both today and in the past, have been to public schools. Indeed two current leaders (i.e., members of the SWP Central Committee), Alex Callinicos and Charlie Kimber, have aristocratic backgrounds., A good resource schedule which has a definable work flow is viewed by the employee as an integral part of business management associated with company goals and is therefore treated with respect. A collaborative resource planning software reduces workplace stress. It does not invite ad hoc changes, and is not perceived as being arbitrary. A good schedule leads to confidence and trust among the employees. Trust provides the foundation for a positive cultural environment, which in turn provides the driving force necessary to achieve performance improvements leading to the basic goal of achieving profitability in the business., What it loses out to its drophead siblings in style, it more than just the California's ability even further. Similarly, the enzo ferrari photos a big shove before the ebay enzo ferrari new Ferrari 458 Italia improving economy and emissions levels. The ultimate aim being, of course, is a first for Ferrari, the enzo ferrari signed and rear transaxle set-up previously reserved for V12 models. The California is a vintage V12 Ferrari., “The Product of This Poet’s Hand” – A Villanelle, My kids would have just been a little late and said "We're late, because there was this guy in a costume with a hurdy gurdy," and I would have said "I TOTALLY UNDERSTAND!", “The Siskiyou County Sheriff’s Office has conducted a comprehensive follow-up investigation to assist Animal Control and the Siskiyou County District Attorney Kirk Andrus to successfully prosecute this case,” Sheriff Jon Lopey said in the release. “I am saddened by the senseless loss of these defenseless animals but I am confident that our investigation and the efforts of Animal Control will lead to felony criminal charges being filed against the suspects in this case.”, I am wearing sweater by Isabel Marant., “And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing the sun for a season. And immediately there fell on him a mist and a darkness; and he went about seeking some to lead him by the hand.”, WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The United States has threatened action that could disrupt a French-led satellite maker’s supply chain, spurred by suspicion that it illegally used US know-how or parts in spacecraft launched by Chinese rockets. investigation of …, Most of my train collection will probably have to go or be replaced by a garden railway. Books are always a problem. I have never met a book I didn't like. This is one trend that will have to stop. I will have to learn to live with less to enjoy the open expanses of this home., A new study by Jessica Hellmann, associate professor of biological sciences at the University of Notre Dame, and researchers from Western University found that mild winters, such as the one many of us just experienced, can be taxing for some butterfly or possibly other species., Due Date: Thursday, May 31, 11:59 PM (optional, but still must be scheduled), To fill an empanada with semi-liquid ingredients like hummus, you have to partially seal the corners first. Allow to cool a bit before eating, as the filling is like molten lava when fresh from the pot., fat, mom!" I was too sweaty to give them a hug,, Big deal. No! A fucking Major big deal for a kid like me back then., So what conclusions of our own should we draw?, Artwork of the CDr is included, also a scan of the original "Anaconda" tape- cover, and some pics of the gig, shot by me with my little pocket- cam. SHARE & ENJOY, One of the ladies at my church asked me this and I answered, "I'll play myself, of course!" to which she replied, "And Brad Pitt will play Joe?" LOL!!! (He's not quite who I had in mind.), Example: Montage of past Purdue quarterbacks. You: “Remember Kyle Orton? He’s back… in pog form.”, The first thought in my mind was, Holy shit, I took a piss in a transgender club., 63. Forgotten someone's name? - I have, actually. And when I remembered who it was, I then realized I'd dumped this person into the Recycle Bin inside my head, which was awfully embarrassing, as she was so delighted to see me..., Morning guys, thanks for stopping by today. Scheduling this post on Wednesday night as I sit watching Apollo 18 - what a load!! HA! Need to get my ass to bed sharpish. At work all day today, then I plan on getting ahead with some Mother's Day orders tonight. Fingers crossed. Nothing ever goes to plan though, does it?!, Sit back, relax and leave the driving to us. I think that was an old Greyhound bus slogan. I have traveled by Greyhound, but I prefer cruises, automobiles or airplanes rather than buses., A movement/entity it is never attacked from without before it destroys itself from within. The national interests are not at stakes from spies but rather at the political bureaucrats who are supposed to serve the needy population but instead are doing worse than nothing., If my brother expects Mom or I to puppy-sit while he's out deer hunting over the next few weeks, he's going to have to bring his kennel. I hate the idea of kenneling Doc, but Christmas is coming up and I don't want to have to deal with him chewing on the gifts, the extension cords, and/or the tree., Cost: $11 per person, “Why are you apologizing Chun?” he asked. Yoochun looks at Junsu with sadness in his eyes., Story Plot : 7.5/10 (Base on episode 1), vibrant Telegraph Avenue, hummed with the noise of tattoo machines, music and, "The Interrupted Wireless", Year to heaven stood there then in the summer noon, The words of these heroes became reality on 7 July 2005 when 52 innocent people were murdered by Third World immigrants in London. Enoch had told the Southall Chamber of Commerce on 4th November 1971, “Yet it is more truly when he looks into the eyes of Asia that the Englishman comes face to face with those who will dispute with him possession of his native land.”, LABELING. The Minneapolis Star-Tribune ran an article about labeling kids, something all parents and educators of 2e kids have to grapple with. The main point of the article was: don't use a label as the child's defining characteristic. Read more., Tokelo Nhlapo, a member of the Student Representative Council at the university and also a member of the ANC youth league sang the song while the group was waiting for Malema's arrival to deliver a speech on 'economic freedom'., Enjoy! We love feedback and photos of your project!, 3. What is your favorite cookbook? I love the simplicity of Rachael Ray’s cookbooks – I have every one. Her style is true to my Italian roots, and even when she’s making meals that aren’t Italian in nature, per se, they remind me of the way my mom cooked for us every night when we were little. Hearty and healthy meals. I also love Giada’s recipes. And my sister swears by the recipes she gets from her Sunset cookbooks. Lately, I’ve been pulling a lot of recipes from Eating Right magazine., A curve in my imagination leaves me sprawled across a bedroom floor., my mother liked - like, EVER - I would invariably never know what I should draw for her and so I'd sit sucking the end of my 2HB wondering if she'd like flora or fauna, building or landscape, portrait or still-life. Eventually I'd do what I always did and infuriate her further with a: "Muu-uuuummm?, “Given no injury has been shown over the past 7 years of Planned Parenthood’s participation, it is clear that the true emergency is that this is an election year and again we are seeing politicians put the health of their political careers ahead of the health of women.”, I'm happy we have such a happy baby (for the most part), Always and forever., An all-night garage., Affirmation: “I am free and clear of past attachments. I find joy and love in everything.”, Why is it that 20 minutes after we get in bed, you decide you just now want the food you were eating 4 hours ago.., The bus ride seemed a little longer (it wasn’t) than in April but the scenery was prettier – everything is soooo green! East coast Kelly green, not California dull green. We arrived at 12:30 and after finding a restroom we needed lunch. There was a plethora of choices and we choose a little place called The Mermaid where they had a sandwich (paninni like ham and cheese) set – green salad, egg brocolli salad, a little egg tart and choice of drink included. Very nice. We made a detour through the stores at the base of the Kyoto tower (might be back for souveniers) and went back to the station to catch a train to the neighborhood where we are staying., By choosing shoes that match your hair color you will visually bring the eye up and down--thereby lengthening your body. This is a fabulous trick all women should embrace--especially petites!, This week we want to see projects created with your own backgrounds, embossing, or just plain cardstock… NO designer paper., Stay with me forever, Paper: Blushing Bride, Lucky Limeade, Poppy Parade, In Color DSP, Other times you make me sad because you are awesome and so broken. I want to nurture and mommy you., When all was said and done, we had 7 minutes left for our final block of the day. We got filmed in our last 7 minutes in Relief Society . . . . . . and then they went and did a "mock" early morning seminary class, which McKay conveniently forgot to tell us about so he could go home. I guess the kids changed into "school" clothes for that shoot. We were home eating dinner by that time I'm sure!, When aKING embarked on their new album in 2010, they were ready to explore and venture into new territory. The Runaround, the first single from the band's third studio album The Red Blooded Years, shows off their formula of acoustic rock, distinctive vocals and riffs. There are also new sounds and influences that have crept in, with a distinct 80s feel shining through on many of the new tracks. The change has taken aKING to new heights., 2. To assemble the S'more Macarons, scoop about a teaspoon of marshmallow fluff onto one macaron shell. On a second shell, spread the chocolate mixture. Sandwich the two halves together, then repeat with the remaining shells. Refrigerate the macarons for at least 30 minutes to set them before serving. Leftover macarons can be stored in an airtight container in the fridge., Denying The Cross, I keep getting invites from agencies to things like 'Revampifying Your Business's 360 Contact Strategy' or 'Brand Ideation In The Age Of The Cloud' or 'Are You A Brand That Can Or A Brand That Won't?', I don't care!!, The magazine will be at the url mielifemagazine.com (for now it's just a parked domain). I'll update here on the blog when it's ready to roll. Naturally, besides generally editing the thing, I'll be writing about beer. I'm planning a monthly column on craft beer plus I'll try to spotlight the craft beer scene in Mie in larger features., So what happens? Women then leave the theatres in their female posse packs shouting “awwww that was soooo sweet!!” and with more mixed and confused feelings on what it is she wants in a man and how to look for it. Often times women are guilted into liking the nice overly sensitive romantic guy who pursues her relentlessly – b/c “he understands her” “he’s nice” “he’s there for her”. And that internal struggle continues with women and thus why so many women cannot really express or say what it really is they want in a man – and will often end up in relationships with men more so out of feeling she “has” to be with that kind of guy rather than her raw feelings of wanting to be with him., Sorry for all the complaining in regards to it, but thanks for bearing with me., So there’s a pretty wide gap. Now, he’s more mature. He’s more conservative, I accept that. I think it’s a good thing. But those of us who were in the trenches fighting in the ’80's, it would be nice to be recognized for what we actually did and not to have orchestrated attacks to try to distort the history of that period., With my big lunchbox and with help from my friends, Trust is a commodity that Brinn has been unable to afford. Can the kindness and gentle touch of a stranger break through the wall she has built around her heart? After half a lifetime of living in isolation and fear, Brinn must decide if leaving the safety of her remote cabin is worth the hope—and danger—that may await her., She keeps on growing, Once, under a full moon, For the break that will make it ok, We started with dinner at Meloni’s, which is the best ever., As I watched him, Self says he found Riddley Walker very intense and emotional; was this Russ’s experience too? “Yes, I did live that book as I wrote it... the point where Riddley and I both wept when I was writing the book was after Goodparley and Granser have blown themselves up, and the Black Leader of the Bernt Arse Pack, who ‘looks like death on four legs’, shoves his nose into Riddley’s hand and wants to be petted, and Riddley says ‘That’s when I cried for the dead’ and that’s when I cried too.”, I was THRILLED to attend the Cafe workshop in Oak Brook, Illinois, this past week! First, let me just tell you that the event was sponsored by Choice Literacy. If you don't know about Choice Literacy, you should! Visit their website! Amazing authors and resources can be found there. I highly recommend attending one of their workshops (Choice Literacy AND The Sisters) to experience the magic for yourself!, I know this former haustedness, I still have time., I feel sorry for those people who want to get ahead in life with the principles, It was sunny and pleasant. Nice enough to kick off our shoes and go for a walk on the beach. We climbed on the rocks and poked around the tide pools. It's off season so the beach was gloriously empty. In a few weeks, the tourists and off-seasonals will start to descend upon the Jersey Shore. None of those clowns you see on TV are from New Jersey. They're all from Staten Island and Brooklyn. A lot us wish they'd stay there., London on the other hand is a fast buzzing metropolis yet at the same time it feels like a series of linked villages. I have grown to love London's noisy ways, her red double decker buses, the green parks and even the drizzle. London keeps me in touch with what is happening in the world... she keeps me on track... and continually moving... The best thing about living between London and Provence... they are only two hours and a bit away from Paris by fast train..., I'm going to be productive this christmas before uni starts. Like perhaps keep a little skecthbook or take a photograph a day... something constructive, instead of eating turkey all the time and watching the Harry Potter film re-run on itv., Map loader, Me: No thanks buddy, The aforementioned bill, signed by this week by President Obama, is the one authorizing the Federal Communications Commission to auction off TV spectrum for wireless broadband. The impetus for doing so was the National Broadband Plan, a hefty white paper introduced two years ago by the wireless and consumer electronics industries through the FCC chairman’s office. Wireless providers want to monopolize spectrum so they don’t have competition for mobile video delivery. Consumer electronics makers support them because they can’t sell any more TV sets, while they need to mine a landfill on the moon to cope with handset turnover., After playing with our Easter goodies for a while, we headed off to spend some time in the great outdoors. Last month I was able to do field work in a part of Everglades National Park I had never visited before, Chekika. This place has a borrow pit FILLED with baby alligators. So we had to go back as a family--especially since Summer is OBSESSED with alligators (and snakes. . . go figure)., Lemon Meringue Pie, A new and better season has begun. It's time to take the flannel sheets off the bed and change them to plain cotton., 04 Not Afraid to Die 5:20, Me: Jamie, have you seen my phone?, There is currently a mountain of circumstantial evidence indicating possible ANC involvement in organised crime and other cloak and dagger tricks. Their inability (or reluctance) to combat the ongoing farm murders is one example; their failure to stop the lucrative drug trade, which is destroying our youth, is another. Another very recent example is the systematic political campaign in Kwazulu-Natal to exterminate IFP councillors (Click here to view the full report issued by the IFP)., Abby laughed and scooped up his hand again to kiss it. Then she bent forward and kissed his swollen lips. Her body tingled with sudden elation. "I'll kiss whatever you want. I thought you were dead. That thing had stepped on your head--", record, Olympic earmarks or his health, He tells Lilly to take him to his hotel. On the ride he mentions Troubadour, the horse that paid 70/1, and asks her how much she got paid to let that happen. She tries to claim she was down on the horse but there was too much action and he asks "Do you want to stick to that story or do you want to keep your teeth?", Her title description says -Sharing my love of family and all things paper.... now I can't believe I haven't found her sooner.How about that wonderful layout above I "borrowed" from her blog., Looking at the facility through educated eyes, we feel that it is a state of the art facility in many respects but it will be quite restrictive. GCCF will be classified as a medium custody facility.We understand what the goals are of the Department of Corrections and that security is the first priority. It is evident at GCCF. We feel that the facility will meet the needs of the offenders doing time at GCCF but on a scale that may not be geared toward rehabilitation., Primark t-shirt and cardigan, These pancakes are by far the fluffiest of the fluff that I’ve ever had. I adapted the recipe so that the oil is replaced by the applesauce, and there is no added unrefined sugar (except in the vanilla almond milk, but you could use unsweetened if you want). I used plain old all-purpose flour because I wanted the green to really pop. But you could experiment with whole wheat pastry or spelt flour., It's Mother's Day 2012! I'm happily recovering at home from the National Genealogical Society Conference that was held in Cincinnati this year. I stayed in a downtown hotel with my cousin, Barbara Pharo, and had the opportunity to meet several of the bloggers I follow in person. It was a great week!, This unwavering acceptance of her metamorphosis is also symbolic of faith. Here the butterfly beckons us to keep our faith as we undergo transitions in our lives. She understands that our toiling, fretting and anger are useless against the turning tides of nature – she asks us to recognize the same., Cheers., water - 1 1/2 to 2 cups, Heat up two table spoon of vegetable oil in wok and stir fry the garlic until golden brown. Add some water, lemon juice, tomato sauce, sugar and salt to taste. Put in the tau kan and stir fry it until it is cook. Add a little water if it is too dry. Add some corn flour mixed in water to thicken the gravy. Garnish with parsley and serve., 1/sword/skull – removes the Staff, but mishap occurs and results in 1 health point lost., And check out these photos of the Hart House - the woman practices what she preaches. Her chocolate brown living room is cozy yet elegant (I'm totally jealous of anyone who can use warm browns in their decor. My husband has an aversion to such and so chocolate browns are forbidden chez moi) -, No more reckless, words, sub-explaining, this marriage., “Oh yeah,” I said, peering up from my menu. “The beefcake…”, I have always wonder what is it with the koreans that they like to commit suicide so much? What are they thinking right before they made the final decision? In this case, wouldn't leaving the father with cancer and grieving mother do more harm, instead of helping the family members to go through this difficult period? Looking at the names of those committed, it seems u are at high risk if u :, USC: The moral of this story is, you can’t afford a loss if you’re in a crappy conference. This is a really good team regardless of how bad the competition is., Despite all this turmoil, the man in the center of the photo, Humphrey Bogart, was doing all right. Still a major star, he had recently finished work on The Caine Mutiny , where he played the ball-busting, and ball-twiddling, Captain Queeg. His last great iconic performance, he would soon be nominated for an Oscar, though he would lose to the man who, a few years earlier, had lost to him, Marlon Brando. Could Bogart have stayed a major star all the way into the 1960s? We'll never know. See that cigarette in his hand? Kind of fits his tough guy image, huh? In three years he'd be dead of throat cancer., Diamond dust in Snowpoint city., I wish you all Love and Happiness Always!, emotions choking me, I dropped the coins into the jar. I, The book is now available for despatch., Carrots are rich in vitamins A, C, K too and rich in potassium. The most beneficial contribution from carrots is providing fiber and beta carotene. Health wise, carrots reduce cholesterol with the power of the soluble fiber calcium pectate. We all know carrots are good for vision and we are just learning the prospects of its ability in fighting cancer, nourishing the skin and improving the chances of not having a stroke. Carrots help with dental hygiene and anti-aging., This is highly secret information, due to the sensitive nature of the TSCSC., Phosphorescent--Be Dark Night, I see you in bight light, If you didn't already know, she is Matthew Rice's mother...., The Be Healing Mandala...there is a web site / store that is full of intuitive women and one man. They are incredible! The lady that heads the group is quite amazing too. This group of people have come up with a Crystal Healing Grid Mandala. Each one of them has a stone/crystal on this grid that Claire has picked out specially for them and everyday someone charges it with a different energy or intent. You can purchase a place on this grid for a certain amount per month or week..I don't remember how it works. Anyway, I was added to it. Now, anytime someone works with it (especially Claire and especially when she's adding someone new) I get the tingly agitated feeling. Again, I just wish I knew how to channel that energy for the good. ....soon! lol, 1 C shredded parmesan, One of the things I find so alarming about the blog world is how "effortless" everything seems. The perfect life, the perfect babies, the perfect jobs and opportunities that fall into laps. Life isn't like that. No matter how much we try to sugarcoat it to make it seem like a fairytale, there are real struggles there. Daily ones. I know I mentioned a handful of posts ago that I find it so disheartening that there are so many women out there that refuse to speak openly (and honestly) about their journeys. Even privately! It seems as so many just want to keep their secret locked away so they're the only ones who are successful. Maybe it's a little naive of me to think of blogging as a community, because I'll gladly be the first to admit that not everyone is nice. But to be fair, building a business from the ground up isn't something that happens overnight and it's not something that everyone can get lucky on. It takes planning and budgeting and maybe even sobbing here and there. It's a little bit bigger than just starting a blog. The idea that you can "wish" your way into a successful business is kind of foolish. And maybe I'm just slightly bitter that there are women out there who operate under the 'guise of "helping you" and "teaching you what they know" because it doesn't take a rocket scientist to realize who is self-motivated and who isn't. Of course this isn't meant to point any fingers (and if you think it's about you then you should have talk with yourself), because it's about no one specific. Just the general air of blogging and owning a business., Vampire’s Quest “Beloved gay vampire lovers Xavier and Thomas return…” So, it’s a sequel. And it’s about gay vampires. What’s up with the undead being all sexual lately? I miss when vampires just drank blood and acted all angsty. I hope I don’t have to actually read the first one to understand the plot., Be forewarned, if/when you go through your teen rebellious stage you had best watch your beautiful mouth. I know how it feels, I was there. I also know that no daughter of mine is going to sass me and get away with it. So when we get to that point just be civil. I’ll do the same. And when you get past it, we can be friends again., Oh, the wolverine said, “No, no, I wouldn’t do any such thing. I need the fire.”, As you do, all of the gifts and abilities of your multidimensional self come on board and are available to the body in this time frame of now. More and more individuals are experiencing what you call paranormal skills and capabilities. We have often invited you to recognize and allow these gifts and powers to come forth., "I got it for you with extra pickles, because that's how I like it. I hope you like it with extra pickles.", If my student-eque bank balance could afford this cabinet, id be all over it like a questionable rash! What a brilliant idea. Can you imagine the ‘occupations’ you could assign to each case that would be whipped out whenever needed… and then stored again with ease?, This letter, written before Lee’s passing on July 1, was also posted on the site by David Fritz, president of cruises:, In fog you were bound, On Wednesday our friend who painted the mural will be coming over to update the room. We wanted to change the wording to something that represented both of our boys and Kevin came up with "Bailey Brother's Monster Co." We're also adding a guardian angel monster above the crib so Little Kevie will always know his big brother is forever watching over him., Happy to end the confusion, I pulled out 10 hundreds and handed them back to him. By then I hadn’t realised what had happened… or could have happened., It's a pile in the sun., I'm down to 74 Twitter followees. Twitter is basically the exact opposite of Facebook. I only follow people I don't know. Or, more specifically, I follow "famous" people. Some celebrities (Tom Hanks, Steve Martin), some comedians (Daniel Tosh, Mike Birbiglia), some athletes (Brandon Phillips, A.J. Green), but mostly, I follow sports personalities (sports writers, announcers). Twitter is great for real-time online conversation. And nothing is more real-time than major sporting events. I have fun interacting with well-known sportswriters. Often, they respond. And I get most breaking news from Twitter. I heard about the deaths of Michael Jackson and Whitney Houston from Twitter. Before full stories are written, Tweets are sent. So, I don't follow anyone I actually know on Twitter because Facebook is better equipped for that type of relationship. I rarely Tweet anything unless I'm Tweeting @ a specific person. #SorryForNotFollowingYouBack, Thank you so much., Identifying real jade from fake jade can be increasingly difficult. The most common fake jade is made from glass. As it is hard to shape or grind then glass often lacks the fine detail or relief of real jade and may also contain tiny air bubbles. Jade also has a distinctive greasy look that is difficult to fake and the mix of colours that you also find in jade is difficult to mimic in glass. Unlike some other fake materials jade shows little or no fluorescence under an ultraviolet light. Perhaps the most reliable test it to measure the specific gravity of the piece, although this is usually a little impractical to do in most street markets. It is also now common for jade to be 'enhanced' - this can be through staining, dyeing or chemical bleaches., The Thai government is there to protect its own people, yet has been under the burden of housing millions of refugees on all borders in the past century, with refugees coming from Laos, Cambodia, and Burma as a result of many Indochinese conflicts. At this point, it is possible that while still wanting to respect human rights, Thailand has become weary of its humanitarian burden and is ready to protect the “Thainess” of its culture from refugees, and at the same time protecting its own relations with the Burmese government from the necessarily politicized environment of the camps, where there are many refugees who have or are still involved in militant activities against the Burmese government. Thailand would be looking out for its own security and protecting itself from the invasion of Burmese, just as they had to in the past. Thailand and Burma’s unsteady history creates a basis for this fear of invasion., So putting my head together with my "Blog Mom" Gail at My Repurposed Life, we could not think of a better way to celebrate June but with YOU. Not the blogger you..but YOU the person...YOU, our friends., I started to read Judge Dredd in the early 1990s and I love the character., This is an easy craft, especially for all those Pre-K and K classes out there starting off the school year with an A theme. These are so easy to make and would make a great class Apple Tree display., Sullivan awesomely spent almost an hour on the phone answering these questions on a Wednesday and Friday morning. There were tributaries that’ve been compressed or cut for clarity, but this is fairly accurate., For dinner i will have chicken or fish with veg and a very small potion of rice sometimes., I want to dress like a French girl. I want to do classic with a twist and I most definitely like a hint of the sexy but also I do love a crazy kaftan. It is my cover up of choice. It's the dress to wear when you don't want to be dressed up. For those of us who don't sport patterns and prints it's our time to be awash with the busy. For those of us who live for the neutral and the black; the kaftan is our celebration of the colour spectrum., Shopping with Mona 4:30 (finally a break), Nikolas (Hilde´s daughter), Seeing that it is National Scrapbooking Day we made this sketch to use for a layout, but we also know that alot of our participants don't do layouts and are more comfortable doing cards , so we are also accepting cards with this sketch.., Let It Rise is a comprehensive resource for worship leaders, Slice Field Roast Apple Sage Sausage. In a skillet over medium heat, heat 1 Tbsp olive oil and add Apple Sage Sausage. Cook sausage browning on both sides, 4-5 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside., Deploying their usual tactics of innuendo and half truths, they seek to imply that Arthur Kemp was implicated in the killing of the South African Communist party and ANC leader Chris Hani in 1993. In Friday's Guardian, Matthew Taylor, slithers through his article, leaving a slimy trail of hints and implications that Arthur Kemp was ... “suspected of” .... “arrested and questioned” .... “a member of” ... “hiss, spit ...slither” ... etc . All designed to imply that Arthur Kemp was somehow involved in a crime for which he was never charged., Tradition said that this was a sacred plant to the druids. It was used as a strewing herb., The next thing to go into the Recycle Bin in might be the brain. We are living in a golden age of brain research, thanks largely to vast improvements in brain scans. Now that functional MRIs can give snapshots of the brain in real time, researchers can see specific areas of the brain light up, indicating increased activity. On the other hand, dark spots in the brain indicate minimal activity or none at all. Thus we arrive at those familiar maps that compare a normal brain with one that has deviated from the norm. This is obviously a great boon where disease is concerned. Doctors can see precisely where epilepsy or Parkinsonism or a brain tumor has created damage, and with this knowledge new drugs and more precise surgery can target the problem., This guy must have lost his mind. Why in the world would he post something like this??, By Jenny Ford, Cindy and Mishelle, EOH: The charges against you come on the eve of the crucial fall elections. What effect could it have on them?, The society is reluctant to acknowledge that females could be perpetrators and males could be victims. It is a hard thing for the victims to come forward due to the feeling of powerlessness and other aspects., Ok. I promise it won't take me until July. I'm so ready to get the other side of my closet in on a little blog action., Your royalty on this sale of your softcover book will be calculated as follows:, XL: “Probably Adele. I think she’s a breath of fresh air in the industry and she’s extremely talented. So if I had the chance, I would definitely work with her.”, I really hope my Dad and Riley like this card. I think they will though., ‘The first 28 hours of labour were spent at home. I thought if I go to the hospital at the last possible moment, the medical staff would have to give me a chance to deliver the baby naturally. As soon as we arrived at the hospital I was being prepared for CS, which was very discouraging and distressing. After a lot of discussions with the medical staff I was left alone to cope with this, as I wanted. Another twelve hours passed and I was still only few centimetres dilated. My baby was in distress — a CS was inevitable. After the birth we learned that the umbilical cord was wrapped twice around my baby’s neck: he didn’t have a choice in turning!’, So what about those who see or hear or otherwise experience “ghosts?” If these phantasms are not the spirits of dead people, what are they?, Are you looking for the best digital camera available in the market today? Look no further because the Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ5 is here. Panasonic actually originated from FZ3, thus becoming its descendant few years back., Per sources who know of the issues, Radulov and A. Kostitsyn were seen in Scottsdale, Arizona (about 45 minutes away from Glendale, AZ) at a bar and were there as late as 4AM. The team has a strict policy on “party hardying” and it is clear why the two drove that far to go to a bar: they didn’t want to get caught., It’s a smaller, specialized museum that doesn’t get the high traffic of the more famous ones. I was able to linger at the dioramas, exhibits of beryls, turquoise, jade, gems. I marveled at the Japanese netsukes that are miniature sculptures of animals and people or Indian elephant adorned in silver and stones., The last couple of days in Florence flew by way too quickly- which is true of most any vacation., Third, Obama is gaining momentum. Like it or not, at this point in the game, he is bringing about a supposed “economic recovery,” in which the unemployment levels continue to drop. This will be viewed unconditionally as his doing. He has also supposedly “ended the war in Iraq” by bringing our troops home. This is good for him politically, but will destroy Iraq., Now I am going to work out. Yep me and Leslie ( That is Leslie Sansone Dvds), This was an amendment to his original order that only contained the word "incitement" and formed part of a judgment that dismissed an attempt by the ANC to intervene in the matter and appeal his order., My second reaction was sadness, because they go to some enormous effort to emphasize that Jesus is not God., As they came to sleep gently in the space between my belly and my diaphragm........, 2,5ml vanilla essence, The evil queen tries to poison Snow White three times and the last time everyone who loves her believes her to be so dead they put her in a glass coffin., Side Note, The Valentine ticket is from Odds and Ends, stamped in Jet Black Archival ink on red card stock. The edges were distressed with my scissors, Vintage Photo DI was smeared over the ticket. It's attached with the Mini Clip., Cities throughout the Midwest and beyond are mobilizing to bring people to Chicago. Milwaukee will be organizing a series of teach-ins about NATO to build up to the May 20 protest involving several community organizations. On May 20, there will be at least two buses full of Milwaukee activists headed to Chicago to protest against the NATO war makers and the 1%., Having expended a good deal of money in seeking to enforce its trade marks against a defendant which was sailing too close to the wind and capsized, Specsavers wanted to see some of it come back in the form of costs. This didn't look as though it was about to happen in the immediate future since the case was still far from over. Apart from the reference of some questions to the CJEU for a preliminary ruling, which could be reckoned to add a couple more years to the final outcome if the action, Asda had also sought to appeal to the Supreme Court. The Court of Appeal refused permission to appeal, so Asda proposed to apply to the Supreme Court for leave to appeal to it., While members of the international community are congratulating themselves for pulling Mali back from the brink and getting the Malian military to hand over power, these remarks suggest that Sanogo thinks he and his fellow coup plotters have given up nothing. The CNRDRE is not being dissolved, and its members mean to play an abiding role in Mali’s political affairs, including naming the prime minister charged with organizing elections and reunifying the country. The interim president, Dioncounda Traoré, will only be in office for 40 days, after which Sanogo and his men will again (or perhaps still?) be overseeing the transition., To be clear, this is not the overall population increase of the country, only the people included above. Now, you can’t get monthly revisions to the actual population numbers from the U.S. Census Bureau, so the BLS institutes a model in its methodology to estimate these numbers. For a comparison, consider the Federal Reserve of St. Louis (FRED). Take a look at this chart of their estimate of the TOTAL population of the country, not just those of working age. If you’ll scroll down, you can see their source is also the U.S. Census Bureau. If you look to the left of the chart, you can see the recent month-by-month changes., I’m very encouraged to see the nigerian youth are concerned about what is going on in that country. This is what we need. We need more active people and less passive people. We need people to start doing something and stop wishing something changed. I believe with all my heart that God wants to start a revival amongst the youth in Nigeria; this is just the start of it. I believe there is going to be a spiritual awakening that the forces of darkness will not be able to prevail against, because the Spirit of God will be working with and in the youth., To have and to hold, But the problem now is deeper than then. Capitalism has lost its underlying oomph; investment was low, remember, even before the recession. And this suggests that its vitality cannot be restored by policy measures, be they Keynesian (“boost demand”) or Thatcherite (“attack workers“)., I didn't know what she meant by that. She could tell I was confused, but she seemed unable to explain further., Norway v. Breivik :: Uncensored, A Janome 6600 Memory Craft professional., The Z-Team, Today our tv stopped working, well not the tv but the internet access to all the channels we have at home. The kids didn’t care because they were hooked up to the computers and were just gaming away, their father was not to happy because there was a game he wanted to see being played somewhere else in the world that he would be missing. Me, I lay down on the floor and played with the puppy. I thought about the easter baskets I had just filled to the brim with candy in the kitchen and the eggs I decorated by myself. I suddenly wanted to be alone on a desert island with the challenge of survival., There are pursuits more worthy of our problem-solving skills. Unprecedented environmental, social and cultural crises demand our attention. … We propose a reversal of priorities in favour of more useful, lasting and democratic forms of communication—a mind shift away from product marketing and toward the exploration and production of a new kind of meaning. The scope of debate is shrinking; it must expand. Consumerism is running uncontested; it must be challenged by other perspectives expressed, in part, through the visual languages and resources of design., She likes her swing and bouncy seat, Following is The CW’s midseason premiere and finale schedule:, Sounds of laughter shades of live are ringing through my open ears, Two months., marshmallows or whipped cream for serving optional, Roasted Mushrooms on Creamy Pasta, Visiting the pub ten years ago it was going downhill fast. The original design of a large bar, lounge, best lounge open at weekends and outdoor sales was knocked into one vast soulless room driving away the more refined customers leaving behind a number of unsavoury characters. The most recent manager had been waiting for a new housing development to breathe life into the area but eventually gave up to concentrate his efforts into the nearby Derby Arms. So another 'community local' is no more., This conference is about YOU!!...(and you, and you, and yes, you...) (and you...I see you there...)., The frozen, dried, salted or canned fish must be within the validity period. The frozen fish should be well packed in tightly closed and sealed packaging. Opt for transparent packaging allowing analysis of the product. The meat should not be discolored, stained or spotted. Note that there is no irregular formation of ice that can form by freezing and thawing., Tommy Want Wingy: Great taste! Clean lemon flavor (I later learned the team used lime in the recipe.) Great heat and flavor as well. A team member said the team worked for MONTHS on the recipe, and it shows., 08 Higher Than the Sun, I used a similar treatment on this next image where we have the lovely Iveta in the background, having her picture taken by one of the other photographers. I love the shape of Holly's body as revealed by the cape, I have tried to get other models to produce a similar shape using the same cape many times since, and have failed miserably on each occasion. It's just a shame about the poor background and burnt out windows., Friday was 'Star Wars Day' which I had no idea about until Darth Vader and some Storm Troopers, casually WANDERED THROUGH MY OFFICE...., The third is latest teaching letter of Pope Benedict VI entitled, Caritas in Veritate (Latin: Charity in Truth), Before I get started I'm going to send you over to Lori Holt's Blog for a wonderful tutorial on making covered buttons using the i-top covered buttons and tool. You will just love her most recent creation. She gives you a very detailed look at the i-top products and the tool for making the covered buttons with a brad., My food arrived more quickly than it did on the Sunday morning. The reuben was served on a marble swirl bread and was stacked high with close to a pound of thinly sliced lean corned beef. The fries were perfectly crisp and piping hot and there was a small cup of cole slaw on the side., Critical Examination: First off, the cover of the book couldn’t be more boring…someone should be fired for that decision-it definitely won’t be picked up on a whim (aside from the award). Where Things Come Back is the winner of the American Library Association’s 2012 Michael L. Printz award for excellence in young adult literature and deservingly so. Every part of this book rings true; adolescent dialogue, variety of believable family relationships; the struggle of a teen boy to deal with vitally emotional issues instead of turning typical teen drama into high drama. The male characters are sympathetic, sensitive young men who are trying to figure out life. Well-written and thought provoking, heart-warming and heart-wrenching, it is reminiscent of both The Catcher in the Rye and To Kill A Mockingbird. I was wondering all along why I was having to read about a religious missionary at odd intervals in the book and was figuring the story would play in at some point…when it did, it was shocking and completely unexpected-a great story!!, Anxiolytic-antidepressant activity of Withania somnifera glycowithanolides: an experimental study., A gift (or two):, Under US law, regarding the anti-dumping duty petition, the DOC will be scheduled to make its preliminary determination on April 3, 2012 and the final conclusion on June 25, 2012. Regarding the countervailing duty investigation, the DOC will be scheduled to issue the preliminary determination on January 19, 2012, and the final decision on April 3, 2012. However, this timetable may be extended., And while I didn't go out on Black Friday, I'd love to hear what all you found for good deals! I can live vicariously through you, so do tell., No, but neither could she. Which is why she says she’s going to report him if she sees it anywhere in the town- and really in a twon that only has about 12k people, it would be hard to spot the only Virginia plates, will it?, Again, follow the right people and companies on Twitter and you’ll never miss anything, ever again. Events, competitions, initiatives... it’s increasingly simple to stay abreast of this stuff. If you miss someone flagging up an ideal date for your calendar, then you can bet someone else will post/retweet about it later. Follow TV, radio and/or film production, Occasionally that single, defiant strand reappears in the same spot after I’ve yanked its adventurous predecessor, cursed it, waved it in my mirror and in my best Tony Montana voice yelled, “And let that be a lesson to your friends not to come round here!”, I hope everyone is enjoying the season, wherever you are and however it presents itself where you live. The woods are snow covered now, with tracks from wild turkeys, deer, coyotes, rabbits, and birds meandering through them. The coyotes haven’t been howling much, but they are nearby, sometimes watching us silently from a distance as they blend into the colours of the trees behind them., As for a favourite 2000AD story, it's impossible to choose just one. There are so many. That comic quite literally changed the course of my life. But as an object lesson in the craft of story structure, The Apocalypse War takes a lot of beating., I eventually wandered into work just after 9.00, well closer to 9.15., A bit of aging wood damp and alone, Row 5: Sc dec over first two sc. Sc next 6 sc. Sc dec over last two sc. Ch 1, turn., I make it back to his room where he has swiftly hurled himself under his covers and my water bottle is clenched tight in his arms. He’s not even drinking out of it! I snatch it up and head back to my bed. He screams. I start to question my methods, if you can even call them that. He’s achy. His throat probably hurts. He’s cold. He just wants to cuddle. What is WRONG with me?, Those particles bounce, Hi friends! I hope you're enjoying the guest posts! We're having a Canadian good time, but I'm popping in today to talk about every girl's least favorite subject... aging., We started in the hotel industry on the same day and moved up the ladder the same day., And then...you see WHICH area is NUMBER ONE..., It's not really possible to "live as if school doesn't exist", because so many depend on it existing and do not question the order of things. And you know, a lot of days that whole business is tricky enough without the pressure of WHY WHY WHY, EXPLAIN YOURSELF., As we listened to the audience discussion of the presentation, we were struck by something. Everyone present had an abiding commitment to Grant County and was deeply worried about the future of the community. They also had a strong love for rural and small town life, especially as it related to making a living off the land., Time, the fourth one, "Can you get our waitress?", laters frenchies, I like my jeep to have the correct wartime markings. Don’t you?, The sister says, “I’ve never seen you switch.”, Even if we don’t know who wrote Hebrews it is still clearly quite accurate and consistent with the rest of the bible. But since you have disqualified Hebrews since the Author is ambiguous here are some other places in scripture where the change between the Old and new Covenant is mentioned in Galatians 3:24-25, 5:18; Romans 6:14 and 10:4. When Jesus told the disciples to obey the laws in the old testament he meant that they should follow the authorities of the law at that time, which were the pharisees. As for the Old Covenant, it wasn’t a matter of the Covenant being flawed. It was flawless. The problem was…we weren’t we were still flawed. And again this Covenant wasn’t with the human race as a whole, only with the Israelites, his sole chosen people at the time. He made the New Covenant so he could save not only the Israelites, but the whole of humanity because he loves us that much. And yes to a degree the Law was flawed for the purpose God wanted it to fulfill, which changed from getting his people, the Israelites, to follow him to saving the entire human race from their own sin. And God didn’t create Hell, we did. Hell isn’t so much a place as much as it is a state of being in eternal separation from God. And our choice to sin separates us from God thus creating Hell. As for actual Historical evidence for the bible, the bible has been proven and tested many times to be the most historically accurate book ever written. The only other piece of written literature that even comes close is the Iliad. As a matter of fact that is the biggest thing that separates the bible from the other “Holy Books” as you call them. The Bible is unbelievably accurate both historically and prophetically. The other “Holy Books” are no where close to it. Even Homer fell short. Here are a few examples of the bibles historical accuracy:, Now in this moment, I want your hands to touch me inappropriately and make me blush., Which is why it was a tad embarrassing, I suppose, when I got my first ever sunstroke in Terrace, BC, Canada, as opposed to Mangalore, India :) But that's a story for another time., The key section of the Florida law states: “A person who is not engaged in an unlawful activity and who is attacked in any other place where he or she has a right to be has no duty to retreat and has the right to stand his or her ground and meet force with force, including deadly force if he or she reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to prevent death or great bodily harm to himself or herself or another or to prevent the commission of a forcible felony.”, Toe to toe, In this major survey three distinguished historians, James Campbell, Patrick Wormald and Eric John, have produced an exciting introduction to the field. Although the Lost Centuries between AD 400 and 600 suffer from a scarcity of written sources, and only two writers, King Alfred and the Venerable Bede, dominate our understanding of later times, the authors have created a rich and thought-provoking account of the stormy era when Britain became Christian and sustained several waves of Viking invaders., While I was in my own world, the door opened. An intruder into the me-myself moments. Grrr…I sighed and looked upon to find short, stout elderly lady in her 60 something walking inside. The way she wore her sari, I could easily make out that she is a patti from Chennai. “I am from tamil nadu”,was written on her forehead., I live 8 miles from work and last Sunday I put on my work clothes and boots and tootled off to work at a pace that was leisurely and wouldn't mean needing a strip shower in the toilets and a change before work., Yesterday I made a field trip to hell. Not sure what I’m on about? I’ll tell you., I used my beloved Copics to colour the image and SU! inks--Cool Caribbean and So Saffron for sponging. The flowers are prima, pearls and Top Note die are from SU!, the netting and lace is from my stash :) My Friend Bev gave me the swirls which I sponged with SU! 'Cool Caribbean' ink as well. I used the Grand Labels 23 from Spellbinders for the yellow and a QuicKutz die for my sentiment which I printed on the computer. Inside says '...are like Angels, always there when you need them', May He support us all the day long, till the shades lengthen and the evening comes, and the busy world is hushed, and the fever of life is over, and our work is done. Then in His mercy may He give us a safe lodging, and a holy rest and peace at the last., From a business point of view what Brewdog have achieved in just 3 short years is staggering & unprecedented for a small brewery, surely they at least deserve some credit for this alone., Anders Behring Breivik; born 13 February 1979, is a Norwegian terrorist, and the confessed perpetrator of the 2011 attacks in Norway. On 22 July 2011, Breivik bombed the government buildings in Oslo, which resulted in eight deaths. He then carried out a mass shooting at a camp of the Workers' Youth League (AUF) of the Labour Party on the island of Utoya where he killed 69 people, mostly teenagers., *Speed healing of ulcers – kills h.pylori on contact, Defense attorney Jose Baez objected to the first panel of about 100 people in its entirety, saying that it wasn’t representative of Orlando’s demographics because it had only two Hispanic and four African-American jurors., On the bat's back I do fly, Very often we hear people saying (it may occasionally happen to many of us too) that they do not have enough time. Is it really a matter of having enough time or rather a matter of having a good time management?, quickest of pauses, “So one elephant having a trunk was odd; but all elephants having trunks looked like a plot.”, The next three layouts are made from an older paper line from SEI, Dill Blossom., Rollin’ high and mighty traps, barriers get invisible, Jesus tells them that if he testifies about himself, it isn’t valid; there is another – John the Baptist – who has testified about him. Jesus tells the Jews that he knows that they’ve sent messengers to John asking about Jesus, and John told them that Jesus was the Son of God. Human testimony can’t compare with divine revelation, but John was “a lamp that … gave light, and you chose for a time to enjoy his light.” But, Jesus continues, “I have testimony weightier than that of John. For the very work that the Father has given me to finish, and which I am doing, testifies that the Father has sent me.” God’s prophets have also testified concerning Jesus, and wrote it down in the Scriptures. The teachers of the law diligently study the Scriptures, thinking it holds the key to eternal life, but somehow they have failed to recognize and understand what the Scriptures were actually saying. They refuse to come to Jesus and have life., Order today to get the first menu and start cooking!, The direction this section took sliced through the older streets at a very acute angle. You can see this particularly if you walk along the northern side of the street and notice how the buildings terminate in very sharp points. The Movistar office is a good example, but there are several others that would serve just as well. It seems no thought was given to a remodelling of neighbouring blocks and they were left just as they were., The extra rest wasn’t enough to charge us to a victory in either of our two midweek contests against ECU and NC State respectively. At the home game against ECU the baseball team favored Zeta Tau Alpha sorority partnered with the Phoenix to raise support for Susan G. Komen Foundation and breast cancer awareness. It was a “pink out” game in which the ‘Lath was decorated like an infant girl’s room and the Phoenix wore pink shoelaces and undershirts during the game. It was the first of two events to support cancer awareness that the Phoenix will partake in this year. The second will be the St. Baldrick’s sponsored BaseBald taking place during the UNCG weekend. To add a soundtrack to the game was SuperFan, Steve Roth, who relentlessly heckled ECU catcher Zach Wright. SuperFan has added emotion to home games against ECU for three years and as a result of his dedication to zoned taunting of Zach Wright, Wright’s father asked SuperFan for his signature after the game. SuperFan was very proud., With the same points but less goal distance, United shall have chance to chase City, concerning that City’s opponents will be a bit more heavier than United’s. Even though, City has much better squad than United, more experienced squad than its rival., And then came The Talk Show. When MJ was two months old and cousin Chelsea was a newborn, my sister-in-law, Denise, and I were having a little visit, each with infant in arms. The TV was on in the background, and some talk show came on. The topic of the day was teenage girls who hate their mothers. We listened to the venom spewing out of the mouths of those girls and their moms, looked from the TV set to our sleeping cherubs, and then looked at each other in horror. Ohmigod, is that what's in store for us?, (exactly 200 words), and the list goes on., Cox’s Bazar town with an area of 6.85 km2, is located at 21°35'0”N 92°01'0”E and bounded by Bakkhali River on the north and East, Bay of Bengal in the West, and Jhilwanj Union in the south., Now for the most interesting feature, an FM Transmitter. Current Blackberry models all have the ability to accept micro-sd cards up to about 16gb. You are able to get free software to sync your iTunes libraries to your Blackberry…as long as the content is DRM free. Once the music is on the unit you can play it back through headphones and or Bluetooth devices. The Visor Clip takes this whole process one step further…yes it will play back the content on itself or allow you to press the FM button on the left hand side and select a frequency to tune in on your car stereo. Voila, your blackberry is now broadcasting through your car stereo. This also works for phone calls… AWESOME! Impressed yet…? There is more, when you live in a congested area it is sometimes hard to find a FM frequency that works well with transmitters (we all know they are not great). Simply press and hold the FM button on the Visor and it will scan and announce a free frequency it finds on FM…tune your radio and you are set to go., I started with liquid yeasts by simply throwing a ladle or two of yeast from the last brew in onto the next brew, there is great advantage in reusing your yeasts for a few brews, it kinda hits the ground running and gets to work on your beer straight away and there is less lag time to the start of fermentation. Less lag time closes the window to infection as your wort is at it's most vulnerable before the yeast kicks off and you want to make this time as short as possible to exclude infection by wild yeasts. You also have the advantage if you are brewing a house beer of allowing the yeast to get to grips and "grow-up" with your recipe. Commercial breweries reuse their yeast strains for years by yeast banking, that said they employ a small microbiology lab with -80c freezers to cryogenically store their yeast strains. Every few generations they test the yeast for strain drift and wild yeast infection, regrowing from their frozen yeast bank and starting again whenever the need arises, but with proper sterile technique they can continue with the same iteration over multiple brews. This is not advised past about 8 generations as a homebrewer for the aforementioned sterile technique that most homebrewers are not very good at., Java…has become synonymous with coffee. There are many variations…here are just a few descriptions of one of the most popular go to drinks!, 24. Good To You (produced by Kanye West), I just smile., Of course you can't say any of this to them directly. So I just smile & apologize & ask if I can help with anything else., Live chickens pretty much just scratch and peck around in the dirt, minding their own business. But not DEAD chickens. I was morbidly curious when PawPaw would head to the chicken pen on “DC” (dead chicken) day. I knew that one or two of those pretty white chickens was gonna make a supreme sacrifice in order for me to enjoy the deliciousness of Granny’s golden fried chicken., Genre: MMORPG, Ok, that's it for me today. Hope you have a good one. Thanks for stopping by., to cover signage that is not recyclable., One of my other fantasy football teams is in the playoffs this week. As a brief background, the league is a PPR, keeper league and consists of 12 teams. 6 of those squads make the playoffs. Teams receive 6 points for any touchdown (including quarterback passes), 1 point for every 50 passing yards, 20 yards rushing, 25 yards receiving, sack, and reception. Players lose 2 points for each fumble/interception and defenses gain 2 points for these stats as well as for safeties. 1 bonus point is awarded when a passer reaches 200, 300, 400, and 500 yards and when receivers/running backs reach 100, 150, 200, 250, and 300 yards. Rosters consist of 16 players--three of these people can be kept to the next year (no fees or anything assessed to keepers). Teams start 1 QB, 2 RB's, 3 WR/TE's, 1 K, and 1 Def. The best scores usually range from 90-over 100, though only 1 or 2 teams (and sometimes 0) score over 100 in any given week., The difficulty in accepting that everything, from Heller’s Syndrome to dyslexia, is caused by biological factors is that the families of children presenting with certain disorders do often seem to have certain characteristics. Of course, this does not mean that the families have caused the problem in the first place. Children who are very poor readers often have parents who are semi-literate. Is this environment or heredity? Hard to say. Perhaps the parents have a genetic tendency to dyslexia and it is this which makes them poor readers. They might simply have passed this genetic disorder on to their child. On the other hand, perhaps not having good role models for reading has had a bad effect on the growing child and not taught him the value of literacy., aging and I do not like it one bit. Eyesight changing, my body changing, beaded curtains. They tinkle invisibly., President of Sinn Fein, Gerry Adams., END 11:54 A.M. EDT, When my husband and I were first married there was the honeymoon phase. Life was grand- I woke up to glitter and rainbows every day. Then came the adjustment phase- uh- not so great. Little things like leaving socks on the floor, not picking up his towel, leaving glasses on the counter drove me nuts- and I let him know all about it every chance I got. Sure I drove him nuts too, my anal ways about housekeeping- among lots of other things. But we worked through it. Both of us had to grow up and realize that we were each our own individual - but joined. It was not about who was right or wrong, it was about learning to adjust to each other., Author B Chris Bell was born and raised in Texas, and now lives somewhere in Chicago. I was born and raised in Chicago, and still live here. But Bell writes about Chicago as if he were born and raised here. Heck, he knows more about 1930s Chicago than I do! And that's the period in which he's set his wonderful novel, Tales of the Bagman: 1933 Chicago, during the last days of Prohibition., Perhaps one road to world peace is that everyone, everywhere has access to the internet., 2 hours after the storm started, we began the clean up. Both of my canopy tents were destroyed, the legs and arms snapping like small twigs, and all of our beautiful merchandise was thrown into muddy water. We were walking around in a big huge sponge, littered with what had become our home for the weekend., On very cold days I also wear a Balaclava , long dark parts and a long sleeved dark running shirt. Some days I look like a ninja with iPod wires dangling out of my neck., My biggest surprise?, Um, ok. Doc and I look at each other and try not to laugh., They don't have chimps running these distilleries., were strong., If you can stand the frigid wind chill, there are plenty of pre-Super Bowl deals to be had at Austin supermarkets this week., PS. Blog title courtesy of Porcupine Tree by way of Public Enemy., See the gigantic "munchkin" on the pole there at the waterpoort?, A Call for Fusion As he met with audiences in Santa Fe, Mr. Barrios told a story about the most recent Mayan New Year ceremonies in Guatemala. He said that one respected Mam elder, who lives all year in a solitary mountain cave, journeyed to Chichicastenango to speak with the people at the ceremony. The elder delivered a simple, direct message. He called for human beings to come together in support of life and light., Next came removing a small amount of sheet rock to move a valve about 4 inches. This ended up being a very costly 4 inches that probably saved us from tearing up this bathroom again in the near future., I took a deep breath. Then I took another one., The two were bundled, wrapped in plastic and left outside in a wee portablevgreenhouse to solar dye until I get back. We will see if steaming or immersion dyeing will be needed to develop the colours., AfroMedia ,a quoted company on the Nigerian stock Exchange has, People seem to ask the question, are you a designer or a craftsperson? This isn’t a fair question to ask as it forces you into a choice of one or the other. It is not a question that many people find easy to answer for that reason., So although my book LOOKING FOR JJ was read widely in the last couple of years it doesn't mean that the new wave of teens will automatically know about me or my work., Taking expeditious advantage of its new exclusive agreement with USA Baseball, Panini America officials worked behind the scenes with USA Baseball executives to acquire several game-worn jerseys to rush into Limited, which officially went live today. The result? Scarce, massively-majestic memorabilia cards, rare Letter Winners nameplate letter 1/1s and even a base insert set numbered to 199., That covers a lot of territory, doesn’t it?, Atlantic Yards Must Be Scrapped!, The secret to the success of both movies, of course, is that they aren't really "Arabian" at all. What they are, in fact, is Arabesque -- an elaborate fantasia on the mere idea of the tales of Scheherezade, decorated with the filigree of genies, evil wizards, fabulous monsters, dauntless heroes and pure, chaste maidens in mortal peril., Coloring Medium: Distress Inks- Skin: Tattered Rose, Clothes & Flowers: Broken China,Milled Lavendar,Dusty Concord, Hair & Basket: Antique Linen,Walnut Stain, Leaves & Apples: Bundled Sage, Shingles. A burglary. Yesterday I had mad nasty food poisoning. I spare you the details on that one, ok? But that's why I didn't post yesterday. I still have not had solid foods., In 2009, it was money., Love is the strangest thing. Love does exactly what it wants to do. –James and the Giant Peach, How to join us? Follow these easy steps and you are done!, An independent (non-government controlled) Afrikaans media site called, Maroela Media, has presented a fairly truthful article today that focuses on the fact that South Africa, while a democracy, is nowhere near free (or grownup yet)., He just laughed. There was a secret smirk but he quickly put it away., #10 Spice It Up, I cut up a whole Kabocha (unpeeled), sprayed the pieces in olive oil spray, sprinkled with salt, pepper, and a little maple syrup and roasted at 425 until the pieces were done to my liking. I used about half of the squash pieces in my dish but many people would not want so much. (Also, you can peel the squash if you prefer)., David Jenkins – Smith – on the other hand is very different but one can also see why, once she got to know him, there might have been some attraction. He’s a decent bloke, organised – his suicide note is written months in advance and goes to great pains to ensure that Robin, as he calls Alice, is protected from prosecution. He writes:, Q. Do you think this administration has got what it takes to lead Nigeria to the next level?, blow away like pink petals, As for on the dresser, I'd swap out the sea foam lamp I bought at Home Goods with a gift card (send it off with big sis Maura to her new room down the hall) for something in yellow, a fun pop of color, like this Alexis Ceramic Table Lamp in Sundrop Yellow from Pottery Barn., Out of the blue he blurted, "my mind is racing to find it's destiny.", -What do you like most about the curriculum? I really love that it gives me a framework for instruction that goes beyond the standard seasons/holidays. Before using ULS, I had no curriculum to follow (other than the AUEN, but that's merely skills and skill sets, and certainly drives IEP goals but not how to teach them or anything resembling themes or units). So, I followed the seasons and the holidays...and felt really stuck in a rut. Especially since I have my kids for several years at a time! I would stress myself out over finding fun and new activities for, say, winter...that my kids hadn't done the year before. So, I love the variety!, crying out for their sweet light?, It has been suggested that given the high cost of litigation, patents which are litigated are also typically considered valuable patents. Research with litigated patents have been correlated to high patent citations (Lanjouw and Schankerman 1997; Allison, Lemley et al. 2004) with Allison arguing strongly for the bi-directional relationship between litigated patents and value. Their research argument is based on the premise of the high relative cost of litigation as compared to the cost of merely obtaining the patent with almost 75x the cost to enforce through litigation compared to filing., BRUNO MARS: A STREET FASHION EXPERT, The best pictures are below., How lucky are we to have a Rabbit in the family school?, Never let me waist the gifts you place in the hands of earth., The past few weeks, we have had several children out with colds and flus. We hare happy to see the speedy recovery of most of the children, but these weeks are a definite reminder of how fast germs can travel at school and at home. Thank you for being so conscientious with preventing the spread of germs on your end. With your help, hopefully, this will be a mild cold and flu season., Boop Mr. Linky to check it out ., Finally, Babar abruptly married his cousin, which I'm pretty sure is illegal in some states. That was after seeing her naked and being shocked by her lack of clothing. The end., “Is that so?”, I believe this very day doors will be opened to me and my circumstances are about to be changed, dramatically for the best., Should house so great a Hall, our children asleep in their beds, each fate, I feel the moment of truth is upon us as the barkeep looks one last time at us and then looks over to his lone customer who has been sitting quietly, clearly amused by the scene playing out in front of him. At last the bartender turns to his other customer and says:, Karna was keen to acquire the Brahmastra mantra from the great teacher Parshuram. However, he knew that Parshuram gave instructions to Brahmins (the priestly tribe) only (call it elitism in education system). So he disguised as a Brahmin and beseeched Parshuram to accept him as a disciple. Parshuram accepted him as such and started giving him instructions., Rom 7:22 For I delight in the law of God after the inward man: But I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death? I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin., Was quenched, on that dark day., As a resident of Lexington, KY, I will never be a University of Kentucky fan, but I will support my city. Last night Lexington, had something to be proud of, their team won a National Title for them and is bringing it home. It was a great time for Lexington and really was a great show of emotion, heart, soul, etc for the team and city. It was when fans go bananas and some of them ruin it for others., putting definition to desire., I am trapped, 6. Then there is a 3 minute clip, in between commercials, of Jill and her Aunt Cookie being interviewed for Jill's sister Lisa's radio show., Happy Tuesday!! :-), One of the absolutely most frustrating things I've experience over the last week has been feeling helpless and useless. My husband goes to work every day and does absolutely nothing. While some departments are being stretched to their limit (or beyond), others are being under utilized., Manga comics, neon signs and crazy game shows with over-the-top on screen graphics all come to mind when we look into Japanese pop culture, and Peach seems to happily fit in this youth demographic of this ultra-modernist country., The most important question here, apart from all of my uptight ranting, was whether or not the sandwich was any good. It was…it was alright. The pork was juicy enough, the sauce could have used less sugar and more smoke. I didn’t hate it but I didn’t love it. Meh., 60g of corn oil, Suddenly Neville was overcome by a feeling of peace. No more desperately rushing to keep up. No more frantically clinging on for dear life. Neville didn’t need the world anymore. He was free., It feel like there should be more I could do than ask for prayer for this little baby, but I know so many of you will lift Baby Reagan up in prayer. I know you will agree and ask for God to touch this family and help them during this battle of cancer. I guess no matter how old I get, I will never understand a child fighting this horrible disease, much less, a newborn baby. It just boggles my mind., PBs this week:, I did a podcast with Carl before Christmas on the Assange affair – and one with Assange’s lawyer, Mark Stephens. This was analysis of the issues to date and did not prejudge the issue of guilt or innocence. Lawcast 174: Carl Gardner on the Assange / Wikileaks Extradition, Ps. Your parents are laughing at you! I know my mom is for SURE! She giggles something about payback or something. Yea…Yea…, We may not be sure if garlic actually repels vampires, but we can be certain it repels toxins from the body., Low fat sour cream, optional, 5. These ads treat viewers like idiots - viewers are idiots! Especially the ones who don’t like these ads! And anyway, who cares what viewers think? You’d think they were a crucial part of our economic fabric or something. Newsflash, idiots – simple economics tells us that there’s no place for consumers in a post-industrial society: large companies generate wealth by advertising their products using the media owned by other large companies. That wealth is then distributed wantonly – and thus perfectly – by the United States Federal Reserve, derivatives traders and Harvey Normal retail outlets. Where do consumers come in? THEY DON’T! SO SHUT UP!, on the creative writing MA at Bolton and Edge Hill universities. She was the founder of cult Manchester literature night, Verberate, and is a member of the board of the North West Short Story Network. She is also finishing her first novel and is an active campaigner for the, Quaerere Tiresiae: venus huic erat utraque nota., 2010 was something of a high water mark for me: it was as if a number of energies simultaneously caught fire and delivered a concentrated year of brilliant, memorable theatre. Perhaps inevitably, 2011 has had a feeling of being on the shoulder of a peak, perhaps reinforced by a sense that main stage theatre here is in significant transition. Certainly it's been hard to look towards Sydney and not feel that Sydney main stage theatre has it all over us., How have you made a party special for less? I would love to hear!, and this man will have no guilt, shame, or fear,, Thoughts play a significant part in relating so they are the nuts and bolts of our interpersonal environment. Hence it is important to first dispel what I see as misinformation that is spread today. Some of the so-called luminaries, visionaries and modern gurus in the world today, claim that the thoughts and ideas are either “randomly generated” or are part of old conditioning (“downloaded” in childhood) that runs endlessly in the mind, like scripts in an endless loop. They advocate that these thoughts and ideas are “just what is” and that we foolishly believe them. When we consider the true underlying causes of disease, we can show conclusively by experimentation, that this a load of self-serving garbage. All that these modern luminaries are doing is to reaffirm a situation that gives the medical industry the right to say the only solution to disease is drugs and medical procedure. But now we can show that the reality is very different to what they have been and are telling us. Thoughts are perceptions and awareness. Some of those thoughts are the perception of presented ideas because we are interconnected but most significantly when we are related., So, I've been a little absent because I took gluten out of my diet 9 days ago,, I've seen a few writer friends on Facebook recently promoting their own books as potential Christmas presents. This makes me feel uneasy, though I'm not really sure why. It's quite likely that some of these books would indeed make very good Christmas presents, and are probably very good books, and I wouldn't have thought of buying them otherwise. So why not? But I won't be buying any of them, nor will I be plugging my own books at Christmas., A slightly different approach for me this morning., Whomever God calls….he prepares. I read an excerpt from a book “Apostolic Foundations” written by the late Art Katz. In the chapter on “Priestliness”, Art describes the preparation that Aaron and his sons went through to be made ready for priestly service in the Temple; God used Moses to prepare Aaron and his sons and God spoke every single detail to Moses….which is what God does. He leaves nothing undone., The grove and its beauty, I whacked them off at a chop apiece and tossed them up to th e truck. Swede caught them and scrambled over to the grainbed. My hands were freezing and I dreaded the next part--I ought to've taken Davy's offer to clean the goose. Aiming at a spot under the breastbone, I plunged in., “I went through May 13, so I know. I know it very deeply so I think I can help people so they don’t act in ways that will precipitate another May 13., I have had over 40 images accepted in exhibitions this year, but I have never won an award, as these are reserved for the best of the accepted images. Amazingly in the colour print section all 4 of my prints were accepted, with 3 of them gaining awards including 1 medal with that image gaining the maximum score of 15 with each judge scoring it 5., Slice this new stack crosswise, through all five layers, into 6 equal rectangles (each should be 4” by 2”.) Carefully transfer these strips of dough into the loaf pan, cut edges up, side by side. Gently place a few blueberries between each layer of dough. It might be a little roomy, but the bread will rise and expand after baking., Cry with you, Art. 20: When the case-handling staff sample and collect evidence, and put relevant evidence in advance registered storage, they should have the party present. Concerning relevant goods, they should issue on the spot a double duplicate of a manufacturing statement, which should, after it is signed or stamped by the case-handling staff and the party, given respectively by the party and the case-handling staff to the local copyright administrative management entity for preservation. If the party is not present or refuses to sign or stamp, this circumstances shall be noted by two or more case-handling staff., The first sleep was the deep sleep you took after slaving for ten hours in the fields or, for the privileged class, after applying yourself to something completely dreadful like cross-stitch for an inordinate amount of time. After enjoying REM for a good five or so hours, you would awaken and have a restful period which would typically last over an hour. And what would folks do while awake in the middle of the night without artificial illumination? Oh, you know eat, chat with the neighbors, get frisky with someone of a different class…those sort of things. After which the desire to sleep would return and they would, covered in turkey bits, breast exposed, rest head upon pillow for a slightly lighter slumber., Proud and passionate city—mettlesome, mad, extravagant city!, Join me in taking everything One Day at a Time., Why is the USPTO Doing This?, Kerron Stewart (JAM) used a similar surge midrace to overtake the blitz start of countrywoman and Olympic champion Shelly Ann Fraser. With her win she replace Fraser as world leader and solidified her early season performances as she lead the world for the majority of the spring. In other Rome action:, “In the sixth month, God sent the angel Gabriel to Nazareth, a town in Galilee, to a virgin pledged to be married to a man named Joseph, a descendant of David. The virgin’s name was Mary. The angel went to her and said, ‘Greetings, you who are highly favored! The Lord is with you… You will be with child and give birth to a son, and you are to give him the name Jesus.’”, I have been home – across the world and back – for the holiday season. It’s surreal to visit your family as a guest, a fly on the wall of their collective reality, when mine is so different and so far away. I pick and choose which parts of home to embrace, and which to leave behind; remove my emotional investment., It was different for me..., Adorable for a little boys room or nursery. In this combo, I'd use the truck fabric (a flannel) as the bumper & changing pad cover and the chocolate dot as the fitted sheet. I'd upholster the glider in the turquoise fabric and keep the crib skirt nice and tailored with the linen fabric., Down in Texas the post season has just started. We saw the Humble Kingwood boys dominate The Woodlands at the district level and the El Paso Eastwood girls team win a 5th consecutive district title. Region 1 should be loaded with some great races. The top individual boy and girl (Craig Lutz and Rachel Johnson) in Texas will both run Saturday at Mae Simmons Park in Lubbock. It is very possible that we will see the same school, Southlake Carroll, win both the boys and girls titles. Look for the SLC boys to be challenged by Marcus and Amarillo Tascosa, and the SLC girls to be challenged by Coppell and EP Eastwood. The 4a races should be a great time for El Paso with Isaac Spencer (EP Austin) and Joel Flores (El Paso Jefferson) contending for the individual title with Chuy Alegria of Ft. Worth Boswell. El Paso Jefferson will be a strong favorite for the team title., The girls are on holiday at the moment, and I really had planned to document how we spend this precious time., Last week Nolan Fans reported that the third trailer for The Dark Knight Rises will be attached to The Avengers. Although both movies are made by different studios this won’t be the first time a DC trailer has preceeded a Marvel movie. In 2008 the third trailer for The Dark Knight previewed before Iron Man. However, it isn’t gauranteed that every print of The Avengers will feature The Dark Knight Rises trailer., One fond memory involved eating brioche baguettes, a brioche dough-based pastry filled with vanilla cream and chocolate chunks. Jean was kind enough to share her recipe with my baking friends. (A perk of living in a small town; someone always knows someone...) Last Saturday, while sharing a stellar brunch from items collected that morning at the farmers' market, Susie, Shana, Shannon, Elizabeth, Emily, and I made the baguettes with great success. Elizabeth beautifully documented the day in pictures, which can be viewed here., His latest “outreach”:, Did you happen to see the comment my sister Lori left on Saturday's post about my mother falling off her Sketchers?, Carlton & United Breweries, Ltd. Victoria Bitter (VB), That's not me either, I do not blame new technologies for the world's worries. I blame people for the world's worries, that would be Us, you an me and the rest of our species., Death Dealer, I don’t wanna be left, Already it is November and our first snow fall of the season is happening as we share. I am not particularly fond of driving in the snow, however I do enjoy the pristine beauty of newly fallen snow. The fresh smell, the stark whiteness intermingled with evergreens and the smell of chimney smoke in the background. These are more memories of childhood than like I experienced in the city, and so now when they happen it is like bringing out an old friend to play, or perhaps bringing out my inner child. I always loved snow as a child and spent many hours ‘stranded up in the north’ digging out forts in the snowbanks, sliding down the ravine, and skating like I was trying out for the Olympics were wonderful ways to pass the time. I think I am guided to share these memories as it is important to remember the wonderful times and bring that energy in the now and it is also very important to find time to go out and play as you did as child. It helps to cleanse our energy fields, release and rejuvenate. Make some plans to enjoy and play over the next month, just as you did as a child., *** You could also do the same thing with round labels and make your own sticker/seals... (like I sell in my store...wink, wink :), That sad virgin on the sweaty couch, Likely - 6 miles a week/24 miles a month/312 miles a year, “Just chase out the Touhou maniacs and fujoshi and I’ll go.”, Even though deep down inside MR. President I knew that it made no difference WHO was in the white house, I hate you for getting me to pay attention. I was done with this shit. I had just accepted that the "American Dream" is some shit they sell to kids to keep them going to college and contributing to our debt-economy by being slaves to their student loan payments. I was so excited when you got elected, for once somebody I could actually see a little of myself in, made it to the White House!, The Two Sweeps, Linking up with Lee over at Freshly Pieced, so pop on over and look at all the lovelies worked on this week., 8. Belt, $3.99, Now, the equation of Petrovitch's life is looking increasingly complex., BeaArthur22: LOL! Who farted? AhhhhHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!, Last weekend Avery and I did get to go see Alice in Wonderland and it was fantastic. The 3-D made it so much fun. It was whimsical and oh so cute! I would enjoy seeing it again. Sunday night we went to another Christian concert, as Mark had won tickets. We saw Toby Mac and Brandon Heath. It was a great concert and I drove back to Atlanta Monday morning. All I feel like doing is sleeping for a while. I know that sounds so non-productive, but I am being very honest with you folks. I'm tired and I'm of the school that says, "Sleep is good for you" I have had friends and relatives that think it's horrible to nap and that you should jump up early in the morning even if there's nothing pressing. I function better with sleep., Being my husband that I knew for many years now who loved to clean and fix things right away, I uttered, "Please...Don't tell me you're gonna' mop the floor now if there's a spot?" I jokingly teased. Silence. He kept surveilling the floor in front of him, like...right under me..., • Dan Amira at New York Magazine joked that “Lean Forward” is hardly the best corporate jingle out there, and suggested a handful of others, including “It’s not TV, it’s BHO” and “Got health insurance?”, The game also looks really charming. The sprites are cute and the idea of moving between foreground, midground, and background using the 3DS’ stereoscopic 3D ability is not only neat aesthetically, it makes playing the game quite interesting too. All in all, this demo really sold the game to me and I plan on picking it up when I have less things to play. Did anyone else try the demo as well? How did you like it?, The 42-year-old man didn’t want to press charges., A little family of mallards in the pond at our apartment complex., Martha & The Muffins Echo Beach CAN, I am just laying low...I am not as young as I used to be and two nights of 2am in combination with alcohol...It's gonna take me all weekend to recover :), bloody no God,, How could he not have known this about her all this time? Why hadn’t she mentioned it beforehand?! All those years spent together and she was a hermaphrodite?!, Padded Tush Stats recently released surveys for the AppleCheeks Pocket (and AI2) cloth diapering system. After numerous calls for survey respondents on social networking sites, blogs, and cloth diapering community forums, we received 93 responses., Even the six-hour drive home was enjoyable (if a little nerve-wracking) because we listened to The Hunger Games. What a great book! I can't wait to get the next one now., I used a piece of speckled brown fabric from my stash..., So ... it's been a hoot. Time to go. See ya 'round., 1 x 1059PKBK Sexy Bra Set = RM22.50, I can share the ink blot...as it is finished...Many of you know that I struggle with mental health issues...and am working hard to clean out my mental closet, so to speak. This ink blot signifies some of the issues I am working on..., I want to introduce what may be new phrase to you: ‘proof texting’. Though the phrase may be new to you, the concept isn’t a new one, it’s been around forever. ‘Proof texting’ is when a preacher wants to prove his point using the bible. So he searches scripture and finds one that he feels can be used regardless of the context or topic, the Holy Spirit originally intended. I always called this ‘scripture twisting’., In comments made to the Athens News Agency on Saturday, Papoutsis said the government was determined to harden its stance. He also expressed dissatisfaction with the contribution of other European Union countries in the fight to curb illegal immigration despite the mobilization of dozens of guards from the EU’s border monitoring agency Frontex along the Greek-Turkish border in November.", So, I dug out these anchor charts I made back in January to hopefully help my cute little strugglers., Dear Heavenly Father, I thank You for teaching me to prayer earnest, heartfelt and continued prayers. As I spend time to pray like this today, Your divine power is manifested, changes are effected, and circumstances in my life are changed, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!, Virtually all the "art" in our kitchen has some sort of special meaning or purpose.... a picnic basket from a yard sale still fully functional, cake stands for entertaining, decorative plates from my childhood in Europe, a grinder like my mom & grandma used to make Grandma's cookies at Christmas, and then the LETTERs. Yes my husband has a LOVE of typography (as do I) so I thought I would incorporate that love into our kitchen., I think part of the reason I just don't wear stuff like this anymore is because I live in a very very VERY conservative area now. Maybe one day when I don't live here anymore I will wear things like this coat once again but for now, it hangs in my closet and I'll never ever get rid of it., I did get a strong warning about my next weigh-in, and the consequences of 3 gains in a row. I have been exercising, even twice yesterday....so here's hoping the diet gods are listening!, The Northeast Regional Ocean Council will help the regional planning body, along with SeaPlan, a non profit experienced in marine spatial planning. This summer, SeaPlan is running a survey for recreational boaters to see how they use the water, and how they impact the economy. As stakeholders in this resource, recreational boaters are a key component to marine spatial planning. Now is the time to share where you boat, and what you purchase, so that your uses of waterways and economic impact will be considered in plans for future use of our oceans and coasts., A former professor of mine once exclaimed that he did not like travel. Student reaction was quite negative. The students who liked this professor then felt a need to defend him; interestingly, their defense wasn’t that it is okay to dislike travel, but that he misspoke, that he didn’t really mean that he disliked travel. This is reflective of a larger and unfair stigma against disliking travel. I say unfair since while most people love the idea of travel, traveling itself is much less pleasant for them for a variety of reasons I’ll explore in this post., The OAS is supposed to be a pan-American organization. Any country in Europe, Africa, Asia or Oceania could not belong to the OAS just because it has a colony, as it is the case of France in Guadeloupe; or the Netherlands in Curaçao. But the British colonialism could not define the status of Canada and explain whether it was a colony, a republic or a kingdom., The one-sidedness goes back to the issue of excessively positive portrayals of Islam, compromising on real critique and deeper perspective – the “kid gloves” issue. The notion of kids spending their summers devoted to memorising the Quran, syllable by syllable: this sort of devout, all-encompassing religiosity discomforts a lot of us, and yet it was given a free pass here under the guise of Culture. More than that, it was given a positive spin: The Light in Her Eyes, really? If this film had been about Christianity, it would’ve been pariahed in the spirit of Jesus Camp. Not questioning, not thinking, just nodding along., Frances K. Mertes, I used Flourishes lemon tree from "Lemons Life & Love" and the sentiment from Flourishes "Berry Sweet". They work very well together and express my feelings exactly!, 42 Unique Elements , 23 Word strips, 9 Word Arts, 2 x Alpha's., That's clever, because boy readers can identify with him and girl readers lust after him and he is still one of them yet with a wealth of experience and a long history behind him, which makes him as cool as he is hot., Amy Winehouse - Oxegen Festival Ireland, 12 July 2008, Fold foil to close and crimp edges to seal. Place the tin foil package at the edge of the fire. Do not place it directly in the flame. The goal is not to burn it to a crisp, but to roast it slowly with the heat from the fire. Remember to turn it every 3 to 5 minutes or so (it shouldn't take longer than 10 to 15 minutes, depending how your open fire is and how thick your piece of meat is). Take it off the heat., WHAT – The Message, 2. Not too great editing, as Mercy, emerge winner., Your commets are very welcome., You have the week to post about any herb, fruit, vegetable, seed, nut, flower - in fact if it is plant based then we'll love to hear more. Your post can be informative, spotlight a particular ingredient and/or include a recipe where your chosen ingredient is one of the primary ingredients in the recipe., Time has a way of flying by. Sure there will be regrets and some sadness for my loss as I close this chapter on 'parenting' but I have to say I feel more joy and happiness because I know this young man is going to choose good things in his life. I can't wait to see what he does., I finished two books which seems less than normal, but I did get started on several for this week. :-) I posted two book reviews, three Book Features with Giveaways as well as my usual regular Friday Pick Giveaway, Saturday Sharing Beyond Books Comment Giveaway and Sunday Words., We’ll leave the light on for ya!, Alright, let's do a semi-experiment by looking at stripes on me., Grill the pork chops over direct heat until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the chops registers 145 to 150 degrees, 8-10 minutes a side depending on thickness. Occasionally move the chops to a cooler part of the grill if flare-ups occur or if the meat is burning. Transfer chops to a platter; cover with foil, and let stand 5 minutes before serving., Anyways…moving onto brighter things! I intend to begin my quest as the little guy from Fable tonight. Hopefully, I shall enjoy the game as much as everyone is telling me! Yes, I know, I am making a bigger deal than necessary about this…but it has been so long since I have actually played an entirely fresh game!, What is important about becoming aware of your own response to anger (in yourself or others) is your knowledge of what you are modeling or communicating to your child. If you want others to hurt inside when you are mad, what will the effect be on your child if you make comments that cause him to feel bad about himself? If you need to be alone when you are mad, how will you handle this need if you are raising a young child and it is just the two of you?, 3 weavers, I wanted this side to be whimsical., They are however, $299.00 each. Plus shipping. I do so adore them though!, Anderson as JFK, Peter Friedman as Sam Giancana. 2002, Produced by, Mass immigration, never in any state agreed to by democratic vote, is replacing the native peoples of Europe and those of European origin across the planet. Britain and North America are predicted to become majority non-white states at some point between 2050 and 2066, and the same will apply to the rest of Europe, with the possible exception of northern Russia, by the end of the century., If your phone or electronic device was illegally seized, and is not promptly returned when you are released, you can file a motion with the court to have your property returned. If the police believe that evidence of a crime was found on your electronic device, including in your photos or videos, the police can keep it as evidence. They may also attempt to make you forfeit your electronic device, but you can challenge that in court., As an athlete, this speaks to me. I don’t walk into the gym, start putting weights on the bar, and attempt my max back squat before I’ve even taken off my sweatpants. Agonia = warm-up. Check., I think I would prefer the third degree from my parents. “How do you know I’m home?”, Today the SCACD DT has a fabulous hop going on featuring these new cuties!!! If you are here from Lorraine's Blog then you are in the right spot. If not head to the SCACD Blog to start at the beginning of the hop!, We wish everyone a safe and successful summer and we look forward to receiving our SIA volunteers in Peru and Ecuador., At least A seems to like her new cloth shoes, and I managed to cut out some pants for myself (hoping they will fit...), and there is talk of a Special Weekend to make up for the disappointment of this one..., Huge houses filled to the rafters. Garages overflowing so that you can’t park your car in them., I almost got backside 5-0s though, so you know, I've got that going for me to., It wasn't long enough for me to explain to my desperately sick father, that I finally "Got It".........., This is some delicious-ness we got., When gas prices exploded from 2002 to 2008, Democrats — including then-Sen. Obama — were wrong to blame George W. Bush, just as Republicans are wrong to blame Obama for the 107 percent jump since 2009. So who can we blame? The “blame,” if that’s the word, lies largely with the ever-changing market cycles of supply and demand — not just in the U.S., but around the world. I know, I know. It would be so much simpler if you could just blame one person for the rise in global commodity prices. But that’s not how it works. Sorry., The Association of Pro Bono Professionals (APBP) has one simple purpose and mission – To support our communities by giving our time and talents to nonprofits, community based organizations, and public entities., And you know and I know my clone sleeps alone, Dathi grew up in the small Northern town Dalvík, nearby Akureyri. He started to play the guitar @ a young age & soon after that he started to write music. He finds it hard to connect to music that says nothing & means nothing. Now he's working on an album trilogy., I’m sad because I’m not mad that he called me a whore or selfish. I’m sad because I am resigned to the fact that this is how it is., Place portobellos in a lightly greased glass baking dish. Stuff with farro risotto, then sprinkle with parmesan cheese. Bake in the oven until completely heated through and parmesan has lightly browned, approximately 15 minutes., The purchase of an annuity which does not name the State as a remainder beneficiary will be considered a penalized transfer of assets., Shit!, The well-reviewed animated Western Rango, starring Johnny Depp as a fish-out-of-water chameleon, led the box office on Friday with $9.8 million, according to early estimates. That puts the quirky PG-rated movie on pace for an opening weekend of about $35 million — a solid figure, but well short of industry expectations ranging from $40 million to $50 million. Last year’s How to Train Your Dragon, also a March release, engulfed $12.1 million its first day en route to a $43.7 million debut. Granted, Dragon benefited from those 3-D surcharges, and Paramount is probably wishing right now that Rango sported an extra dimension, too. (Roger Ebert, on the other hand,», You should watch this film if not for the eye candy and, It's been a great ride. I've enjoyed almost every minute of it. But the joy of discovering and sharing has, over the past few months, become the tedium of finding and posting. So it's time to stop. I might resurrect The BDR if it feels right, or I might blog about something else. It's too early to tell., “Oh that’s hot!” He likey., Ministry of Justice figures show 914 criminals are on the run even though they have committed new crimes or breached the terms of their release. The total includes 22 recalled between 1984 and 1999. Those wrongly on the streets include 18 murderers, five paedophiles and 17 convicted of carrying guns., 1 refer, i also don't match- but whatever. it is the third to last day of work for awhile so i am not caring very much. at least not enough to prevent putting a picture of me online in non-matching, non-flattering work attire. it's your fault- i just figured i had to give you a visual., Here are your random numbers:20, Payment can be made through the paypal button on this blog., Follow your dreams (at any age), birthday, where hundreds have gathered in solidarity with the Occupy, A person who is somewhat upper-class will conspicuously signal eir wealth by buying difficult-to-obtain goods. A person who is very upper-class will conspicuously signal that ey feels no need to conspicuously signal eir wealth, by deliberately not buying difficult-to-obtain goods., Luckily, his foster mom was sensitive enough to this that she picked up on his passion and got this pooch to a training center to be tested as a search-and-rescue dog., "I shall write to you.", I haven’t read a lot of Irish crime, but I’m enjoying Stuart Neville’s latest novel STOLEN SOULS. I like his style – very pacy and kind of in-your-face. He can paint a character very quickly in few short sentences., 6. Build relationships with the granting agencies and key stakeholders., with much consideration and thought i have decided that for now i am taking a break from scrapping and SYC. I have been at this for 3 years now and i am tired., These are terrific with jam or, of course, honey., B:Beautiful-I’m finally starting to feel it!, Hello Everyone! I hope you're still hanging with me out there and continuing to read the blog. I feel like I was at a stand still for about a month with the up and down fluctuation of my weight but I think I'm heading back downhill now. I lost another 1lb this week. I still have not had a beer during the week or any pop at all. I still tried to taper off my carbs throughout the day. On Easter I still managed to eat small portions of the things I wanted but Monday we were at a funeral all day so I didn't have my normal structured eating and I ate Easter leftovers on Tuesday so that all contributed to my weight I think. Also it was a busy week so I didn't get much exercise. But nonetheless I am happy to be down 1lb., Thanks to everyone for your concern. I knew (figured) there were people praying for us back in the states and it helped to think about that., There’s one thing I am curious about – what does she do with the baby when he’s a toddler?, Race Report: LE MANS PROTOTYPES, After completion of the project Mute Swan, Mallard, Moorhen and Coot all nested for the first time on the islands and among the new vegetation. All successfully produced young, with five cygnets, six broods of Mallard, two broods of Moorhen and one of Coot.', I called the management team of Hunter Hayes. Three hots and a cot are for prisoners. Homeless children deserve more., Despite my vehement desire to stop the proposed bell bay pulp mill the title of this post has NOTHING to do with this issue. On our walk this morning (time machine people…remember the time machine…) we ran into our long suffering neighbours Frank and Adrian who asked us if we had noticed a whopping great tree falling down right on the boundary fence between our place and theirs…our tree obviously…sigh…no, we hadn’t noticed and when we just went up to take a look at the tree it was completely rotten to the core, had a mangled and long dead possum skeleton in one of the knot holes (habitat?!) and someone out there is looking after us because it caused the bare minimum of damage to anything at all. Remember…the possum is skeletal and so departed the earth a long time ago so it can’t be counted as collateral damage. We figure the tree must have fallen down on Saturday when it was incredibly windy and we were out for 4 hours at the progressive garage sale because something that big falling down would have made a rather loud “CRASH!!!”… We can’t use much of it for firewood because it is rotten but we can heap up the logs in the corner of the property to rot down and improve the soils cation exchange (organic matter + topsoil = happy days…) and provide a little pile of habitat on Serendipity Farm although I don’t think that many of our invading hoards feel the need for natural habitat to be honest…they just move on into anything that will fit them. We are starting to feel lucky to have a few feral cats about as they are catching rats and mice that are attracted to the chicken food and this time last year we had to use baits…no such problem now! As I said…there are good points and bad points about everything., Evil Words thought very loudly in my head. Evil Heart Rate increase. WTHeck!?!? I had absolutely no idea why he was getting out to talk to me. The Spawn of Evil Joy were concerned Evil Joy was headed to jail., The Mater and ISAAC charters are all run by Academica, Florida’s largest charter-school management company. Academica’s president, Fernando Zulueta, said the deadlines for both charter approval and grant approval are close together, forcing schools to use the same enrollment estimates in both applications. But the final grant amount may be lowered based on lower enrollment, as in ISAAC’s case, he said., Step 2: After the 8-12 hours, stir the starter and discard half. Add 1/2 cup warm water and 1 cup flour. The starter should have the consistency of pancake batter. Cover the bowl with the dish cloth again and let sit for 2-4 hours more, until bubbly again., Decca ACL 158 c.1960/1 matrices, As is always the case, the result was announced immediately after the closing of the polling stations, at 8pm on a Sunday evening. I remember the faces of shock and surprise, and a moment of confusion before it became clear that Le Pen would continue into the second round of voting. People took to the streets to protest, but against what exactly was not entirely clear., I have never been tagged before, so can I just break a rule and not tag anyone? Rule breakers don't ask!, The late spring breeze off of the sea felt great against my face. Of course, anything mildly refreshing would seem as a paradise compared to the oppressing landscape and “weather” of Occipitus. As we approached, the approach to the city was easy to make and just as easy to walk through. It was pleasant to see a prime city again after our last adventure and I must admit, prime women are just as beautiful. The estate of Ashton’s was a large, expensive place and I must make a note to visit this place in the future. Upon entering, Ashton mentioned it was his family’s estate, though no servants came to great us nor carry our belongings. Clearly the estate has fallen to the side. I wonder where the master of the estate is?, Tammy Hair made a adorable card using This little piggy had Chardonnay from artist Suzanne Urban. Well, if I was going to blow a house down, I best pick the piggy who is going to serve me some Chardonnay. How delightful!, If there's one thing more annoying than living in this kind of weather, it's hearing people keep complaining about it. Which, yes, is exactly what I just did., Then there were the peaches, which were made into Peach and Amaretto jam. Amazing how a splash (okay a few splashes) of alcohol can lift a jam into another realm entirely., Speaking of Jasper, I think this week was the first time I actually liked the kid! He’s still not my favourite, but I thought he was pretty funny with Holder, and stood up to his father for a few seconds, so that was cool. I’m not sure I buy the whole, “I sent the text from Rosie’s phone as a joke” thing, because his mom knows about her husband’s affairs (haha see what I did there?), but at the same time, Jasper seemed to be genuinely upset about the way his father treats his mother, so maybe there’s something to it. I don’t know., IS IT WEIRD... that I am turned on by my husband doing his job? Taking it down to basics, Jeff is an electrician. I have always found it totally sexy when he puts on his tool belt to do work around the house. It is not the actual belt, full of tools and parts that makes me swoon... I think it is the fact that he is the provider for our family... he has experience that he uses to fix our house... to build a new deck... to add new lighting to the kitchen... to take care of us..., When I was in the presence of this young girl, she took my breath away. My response reminded me of the time I was face to face with Rembrandt's portrait of his son Titus., I decided that I wanted to mark this remarkable evening with a painting about quantum physics – which somehow, ‘captured’ the insanity of a rather loud and amusing evening. It is also, I suppose, a small poke at ‘Abstractionism’., they saw that day as the day Kent survived., #1: be grateful, while i am living in a small town, for the small town – after all, i did write a sort of ode to the small town. lord only knows how long we will live here and i want to notice all the little blessings of living here while i can. and i WILL be grateful for the tiny, adorable little airport we have here… even if it’s not directly taking me to my hometown until the middle of may., Instead, I cast my thoughts to cool, refreshing, summer salads. Perfect for a balmy March day. Crisp bites of cucumber are exactly what I would serve at my manicured lawn parties. The tang of vinegar would be matched only by the sharp tongue of my companions. And between our sips of lemonade we would marvel at how one little vegetable can transport one right out of their own life and into something far more fanciful., That I do, sir!, Experts say customers should follow banks’ official advice, use up-to-date anti-virus software and be vigilant., 2. I love the way your face breaks into a smile when you are happy., A country which spread law, education, health care and civilization to a quarter of the Earth's population is supposed to feel guilty for oppressing those we were educating, protecting and healing?, Can't travel 500 miles up the country without eating though, most especially with children. Motorway services have never been a favourite but avoiding them is near impossible. Our plan has always been to scoff our own road-rubbish limiting service stops for caffeine fill-ups. With kids in tow the quality of our road-rubbish has gone up; now it even includes some of our five-a-day. Blimey. Fruit? In a car? What happened to the wotsits? But the caffeine fuel remains essential; as does the opportunity to let the kids run free. They don't take well to being strapped down for hours on end, especially toddler girl who announced 'I want to walk' in a very loud voice just hours into our mammoth drive up north. With impeccable timing she chose to drop off mere minutes before our service-stops which left her less that cheerful on the return to the car. By the time we reached Carlisle I was quite prepared to let her out for the much demanded 'walk' - all the way to Edinburgh. Thank god for strawberries. These red lovelies proved to be the saviour of our sanity. Both the wee ones happily munched them while we let the i-pod shuffle us up the motorway., Place the fruit mixture into an 8×10 inch baking dish, layer on the crumble and bake until the topping is crisp, about 50 minutes., The best way to envision your success is to not think in the future, but to realize in the present., Cathy Partington, Hay on Wye is literally a hop, skip and a jump over the border, and despite getting stuck behind every slow driver in Worcestershire, Warwickshire and Herefordshire, it was worth the trip. This town is rammed full of bookshops – everywhere you turn there is another amazing shop selling beautiful second hand books, on every conceivable subject., Even though spending time with Him may cost me sleep, time with my kids, comfort or even popularity...I must choose to maintain this precious relationship between me and my Lord. I must choose, at times, to let everything else go and just sit in His Presence! Nothing compares, NOTHING!, Firstly, apologies for the infrequent nature of these postings. I am working feverishly to complete the manuscript of book two, am working to meet a fast-approaching deadline, and hence haven't had time to blog. My humblest apologies., As a light temporarily shines to illumine his pages- - - - - - - - - -, Please feel free to refer back to this series of posts whenever you need some fabulous fall fashion inspiration. I tried my best to showcase pieces that are trendy, affordable, and even comfortable :) Thank you for reading!, Deus ex machina: literally meaning "God in the machine," where an outside force appears at the final moments of a story to solve a seemingly unsolvable problem., And now the questions, To write vs Deleting this blog?, As most readers know, a Counterjihad event will take place in Aarhus, Denmark, on March 31, 2012. It is being organized by the European Freedom Initiative on behalf of the European Defence Leagues. As I mentioned the other day, Elisabeth Sabaditsch-Wolff contacted us about this demonstration and the problems she’d encountered in attempting to have her name removed from their promotional materials., FH: The committee of nine people - two from the bookshops (Waterstones and Bookland) and the rest from interested parties e.g. representatives from the Friends of the Chester Literature Festival, Chester Poets and Chester Writers - and there are subcommittees too which meet when I need them to meet., Now fast forward three years: The second book in the series, Griffin’s Fire, will be released this month. The third book, Griffin’s Storm, is about ready to be sent to the editor. And I am already drafting the fourth and final book of Griffin’s adventures (no title yet). All in all, it has been a glorious ride!, From one coconut take 1/2 cup of thick coconut milk and 1 cup of thin coconut milk., A weapon is a possibility. I wouldn’t invest at lower levels, where you might out grow it fast., And as this is our 100th challenge, we will also have a mystery prize for one random player this week! We want to celebrate our 100th challenge and say thank you to all of the over 700 followers we now have here at Stamp Something! Thanks for stamping something with us each week! The mystery prize and winner will be revealed on Friday morning next week when we announce the Whiff of Joy blog candy winner and Top 5 Stampers., The Wall Street bankster Bernard Madoff reportedly agreed last month to a permanent freeze on his assets without admitting or denying fraud charges in a civil case against him, Reuters reported a U.S. regulator as saying ., Here are a few of the things I'm working on:, A gathering of a lovely group of ladies, lots of concentration, some sweat and tears and a mite of the old swearing and we all set to and had a go - goodness knows what Annemor thought of us, she can knit a pair of these mittens in two days, I managed a cuff that day!!, RODRIGUEZ: Do you blame yourself?, The Adventure 10 is a modern backpack designed for the SLR photographer with a pro digital or film SLR with a grip and 8” lens attached, numerous additional lenses, a flash, accessories and a 17” screen laptop. The completely foam-padded lower compartment protects photo equipment, wh… Read More >>, Apart from the photography it felt so pleasantly happy and inspiring to b so close to nature. I really love my city’s national park. it is such that once you are inside it, you wont believe that you are actually inside a big metropolitan city. This fact becomes more evident when one climbs to the top point at Kanheri caves and sees city sky scrapers on a distant horizon., 10-10-04 Form: 12215/11P1/2PP2P/2536F-030341 Owner: David McCammon, Wishing Sheila all the best — she deserves it., Let's start with New Year's Resolutions. A couple anyway. Some are for me to know and for you to mind your own business., Well, that's it - the Bitch is unlikely to have a book published in hardback now, that dream she first conceived in the libraries of all those small towns she lived in as a child, which was all she could conceive, because that's all the libraries had then - stacks of hardbacks and nothing else. (Hardback fiction is on the way out according to Picador, who are to begin putting literary fiction straight into paperback.), I truly enjoy both. I love to travel though, I would love a job that I could travel the world and see every city but since I can’t, I love it when a book take me away even if it’s for a couple hours. But being able to imagine that I am on the beach of an exotic location or on the cold rain cobblestoned streets of some old European city is just as exciting as having the stamps put into my own passport., I think my eyes started to open to the prospect of me having a future in the music industry when I began to sign my records, but at the moment this whole experience is still very surreal to me and I’m still coming to terms with what I’ve achieved so far! The real wakeup call however, would have to be being featured in TILLATE magazine and MIXMAG. These are two publications I’ve been reading since I was 17 so to see myself picked from thousands to be featured is truly amazing., Then my second reality check came: the deadline for book two of the demon hunter series. I’m hard at work on it, but I will admit it has been challenging. I am a slow writer (I revise as I go) and I haven’t given up my day job or put up my teenager for adoption. But I will get there!, Every night the maintenance man would remove them, and the next day the girls would put them back. Finally, the principal decided something had to be done. She called all the girls to the bathroom and met them there with the maintenance man. She explained that all these lip prints were causing a major problem for the custodian, who had to clean the mirrors every night., 2. Combine the garlic paste, egg yolks, pepper and lemon juice in a medium bowl with a whisk. Stand the bowl on a wetted-and-wrung-out tea towel on the work surface so as to keep bowl stable and hands free to manipulate whisk and oil., Since the party was held at a children's museums, robots became a perfect theme because there are a lot of things to build and science projects to discover. Here are the invitations:, It's time for a list. After considering my Salute purchases (as well as the pre-Salute purchases and post-Salute purchases), I thought it fitting to document my current hobby projects and predict where they're going this year., Saturday-30 minute run training (20 minutes); 1 min 30 sec plank, Delftware tile - Frying Pan Alley, Day 2: Stephanie Lee, co-author with Judy Wise of Plaster Studio: Mixed-Media Techniques for Painting, Casting and Carving, takes on The Pulse of Mixed Media today. Head on over to her blog Semiprecious Salvage and see what she has to say about the book and read how she answered some of the book's survey questions such as "What do you think your preferred art medium says about your personality?" And while you are there, stay awhile and spend some time with this special person and talented artist., I surrender to the feet of the guru, & find my refuge in g-d., I chose rum and the two of us have been friendly ever since., I bet adamant watchers of the RSI are still pushing in however, given how the Wednesday opening got beat back in above a level that showed RSI 21 at above the 50 level, and closing Friday on RSI 21 at 58.8 while shorter term RSI adjusts down even further on its Friday close. Very few people thus read RSI as overbought, and it might come back in vogue somewhere around HK$21-22 assuming a straight run up., Of course not. Wetbrains like the Cindy Sheehans of the world have been silent. Oddly, Cindy Sheehan has been silent on the internet for a long time. Her last tweet being at nearly 3am in December of 2009., Event Deadline: 30 November 2011, It was just unfortunate that the first tune I heard was the THAT theme from Psycho!, Here's a look at the jacket open (I untucked the sweater underneath once I got to work):, 6 years later, and there’s no Made in Canada solution to climate change, as I predicted very easily. There are plenty of Made in America excuses, however. And as our society focuses on technologies that are designed to benefit the oil and coal industries, we shortchange innovation in renewable energy technology. The UofR has more than 12,000 students, yet it has one VAT windmill in testing mode on its ~18 buildings, and zero production solar panels that I’m aware of. Yet it’s a world leader in CCS research. Could it be the Conservatives and Sask Party are content pretending that they are investing millions into Big Oil and Coal’s “clean energy”, while their investment will be totally useless to private [and crown] industry producing electricity?, 2nd Beach Pool – 11:02am, I attended Palm Sunday mass and was last in line for Communion. When I turned to go to my seat I heard the priest call my name. He asked me to come see him after mass. I said okay., 1 tsp ground allspice (yes, only 1), A while later, I discovered the book, and her name rang a bell. I was like, “WHOA! I know that chick!” Not that Allison’s a chick, well, she is, but she’s classy, and all that … well, you get the drill., If you are chatting with someone and they keep looking to their right, laterally or upward, they are likely engaged in imagination or fabrication., For better or worse, the Opposition’s views get more traction with the Malaysian Netizens. I’m not sure that is all good. But after years of drone-like subservience, Malaysians have taken the proverbial red pill (The Matrix movie reference, sorry)., Well we actually had our Launch Day yesterday and it went very well! We took lots of class bookings and everybody loved our new studio, in fact one of the classes is already full booked! So I am feeling very positive about this new venture and maybe it will have been worth all the hard work (though not sure you can call sewing and crocheting hard work!)., <U+3053><U+3093><U+306B><U+3061><U+306F><U+3002><U+3068><U+304B><U+3001><U+3053><U+3093><U+3070><U+3093><U+306F><U+3002><U+3092><U+3001>, brujeria Garage of Cinemateca Boliviana - La Paz Bolivia 2011/06/08, the road with him along with a super long extension cord so he is ready, And a rejection of a misogynist culture daily breathing down my neck, –Cathie, But having this many children is refining, to both John's character and mine, and we wouldn't trade it for anything. The ups definitely outweigh the downs and we feel so blessed we have been given this opportunity to raise and care for these special spirits of God He has sent to us. And here, I want to share a few photos of John doing his thing with the kids. This is entirely the norm, every week.... every day.... and sometimes every hour..... and John loves it, haha, most of the time!, 5) So the book's not fantasy and it's not paranormal. It's kind of this in-between realistic mystery that is so unique in the current market., I'm excited to hear that Mr. Logan is reaching out to athletes in this manner. This will be a good first step in addressing the needs of the athletes, who are truly the life blood of the sport. I look forward to hearing the outcome of this meeting., Below: In an odd ceremony with the mayor of Albuquerque, And the women always look amazing, straight from the beauty parlor. I assume straight from the salon, since that is what I would do if I only got my hair done once a week. That must have been a busy time for the salons in Fort Collins. I would schedule my appointment the day before and sleep in a chair that night., And so, if you have a few extra bucks, or even if you have a few bucks you can’t really spare, money that, if accumulated over a long enough time might be one ticket out of your misery, you blow it all on a temporary pleasure, just to briefly get your mind off that long-term pain., Okay, so this might not be something that happens everyday, but it is something that I am sure everyone has done at least once. So, next time you drop a cap and watch it roll before trying to pick it up, I hope you think of this blog post., While foremost a love story, the film doesn’t sugar-coat the place and time. Chico and Rita, both black Cubans, have to deal with discrimination and exploitation as they work their way up the commercial ladder and without giving anything anyway, their story is bittersweet., So, I bet you're wondering how the Sara Bareilles concert was., But there is another way. When we set up our round-the-world airline ticket with One World, we found we couldn’t get from Nairobi to Dubai without first flying through London. When we heard our friend Eric would be visiting another friend in there in February, we extended our layover for a few days so we could see him. If we could get the table to London, Eric might be able to bring it back to the States for us., Plus I don’t know if anyone would really give a damn about anything I have to say in any form of art., ‘Of course I do.’, I'm sure it will be a few weeks before I settle on something., But yesterday we went to see my cousin and meet his new baby (well, 4 months new, hehe)! I have literally been waiting to take these pictures since I planned this trip! :D, I am proud of myself...I finished ALL the books on my list. Usually I end up not finishing one, but this time? Oh yes, my friends, this time I finished., ps: the first one to tell me I am beautiful will be expelled. the first one who gets it wins my love. virtual and platonic, for a minute,, But it is not just Islamists that have been the subject of legitimate criticism in our media. Mainstream Islam as it has been interpreted historically and as it is celebrated today in majority-Muslim countries is not compatible with our humanistic ideal of liberal-democracy. Islamic leaders at their best are not keen on democracy; do not treat women as equal under the law; and do not regard membership of a faith as a voluntary decision, but rather as a permanent state dictated from birth. To leave the faith is to be an apostate who can be put to death., We are one, Drinking On The Kinfolk’s Couch, Makes about 60 cookies, * These were great cookies I loved that they have a little white chocolate flavor but it didn't overpower the flavor of the cookie. Its a great way to use up any leftover cookies and creme candy bars you might have around the house. Mine were still from Christmas lol I give these a 4 on the scale., Lashes: Redgrave – Elemental, Cake – Pillow Lashes, As far as Sri Lanka is concerned, our policy in respect of all matters will continue to be guided by the vital interests and wellbeing of the people of our country. It hardly requires emphasis that this cannot yield place to any other consideration.’, A few minutes in a hot oven to brown the potatoes did the trick. Jade really liked this because she said she liked the surprise of biting into the still crisp brussel sprouts after the tender chunks of veal. What would Frugal do indeed!, In college I was able to make the transition into the person I am now. The added six inches in height, Accutane medication and development of a personality helped. Plus, I had a car! This was new territory for me, and it was quite awesome. Instead of sitting in Chemistry class staring at girls' thongs from my chair I was able to talk to chicks without peeing my pants and running away while crying uncontrollably. And of course, alcohol helps., THE CENTER FOR TALENT DEVELOPMENT at Northwestern University holds an annual summer conference for gifted students and their families. This year the conference is on June 23 at the university's Evanston campus. One of the sessions is "Twice Exceptional: Understanding the Paradox of High Ability and Learning Challenges," presented by Steve Zecker of Northwestern. From past experience we can attest to the fact that Zecker "gets" 2e. Find out more about the conference., Here's a photo of the garden in progress - forgive the wobbly pic please :), There are so many. Probably any Blake Shelton song thanks to his awesome concert., Since this year's writing conference I have mostly been focusing on strategy. On developing one, and I have already turned my first idea on its head. I had focused on trying to learn grammar this past year, since I know I am weak in this area. I felt if I could build competency in this, I would build confidence, and be able to truly move forward., They cancelled their longstanding commitment to the Super Bowl -- and TV advertising in general -- and instead poured tens of zillions of dollars into the largest social media campaign ever, called the "Pepsi Refresh Project." It turned out to be a pig's breakfast., up models. Sabina Kelly a former Vegas show girl who’s body is covered in, (12 marks), JUSTIN: You were born in London, England?, St Mary’s Church, Ashtavakra teaches us that meditation enhances the feeling of dvaita – us and God and it is counter-productive. It implies that you are bound and bound shall you stay. Since it has been said forever – “you are free of you think you are free and bound if you think you are bound”. Thus we see that patanjali does not subscribe to aSTAvakra’s teaching. According to patanjali, you have to practice the eight part yOga system to even approach samAdhi of which there are many kinds – the temporary, the mind-destroying and the natural., A week before Christmas Emo boy declared all he wants for Christmas is an airplane. I was not about to spend another penny or brave the over trafficked stores, so Soldier boy went out to the garage and put this together with the Sensitive child., He was my friend., I got some cute summer shoes. I got some bath and body soaps,, Also written this many times now, the "French Heritage" DNA study, which was expected to "prove" all these alleged "Frenchmen" were ancestors of the Métis people indicates that the Métis (and Acadien) patriarchs were actually an extremely diverse group of people with origins in both East and West Asia, Africa (North and West), and pretty much all around the world, not just France and not just Europe. They may have worked for "the French" and some may have been francophone, besides speaking their own language which was Michif, but they could hardly have been said to be "French". As a group the Métis patriarchs were themselves métis: "mixed" or multiracial peoples of many ethnicities., Bonds appear to be uptrending but gained only 0.1% on the week., I’m going to draw this to a close because I still have to review Game of Thrones (which I didn’t get to review last night cause I was seeing the Shins! I’ll take that trade cause they were amazing) and I have to watch a couple episodes of Bleach (to catch up with where I am in the manga). Plus, there’s a new episode of Glee tonight where they’re finally auditioning for NYADA. So, to put it lightly, I’ve got enough writing for the rest of the evening ot keep me busy. Even though it’s my day off, I spent my first two hours awake researching for a phone interview I did with British band Keane for work (should up on our website in a week or two) and then I spent an hour doing my write up of the Shins show. It seems like all I do is write these days. I don’t have a problem with that. Just observing how weirdly true it is. Anyways, when I get around to starting the next season of Community (which will be soon after it’s shocking ending in hte season finale), I’ll review that one on a disc-by-disc basis unlike this first season. Also, I just want everyone to know that if I was grading this season solely on the second half it would be an “A-”. So, if you start this series after my recommendation and don’t get what the big deal is immediately, give it some time and Community will really grow on you., "Head Computer" from Vol. 2 gets the treatment from Greencarpetedstairs, who takes the burbling bassline and b-boy electro-funk and drops it down a well. Its like listening to a rave going on in the basement of the hotel where yr trying to sleep, with the occasional punctuation of blood-curdling screams making you wish you had shelled out the extra six dollars for the HoJo by the airport. Venacavaca's version of "New Violence" sounds like a vengeful spirit hanging in the air around the midnight ninja strike of the original's bassline. A bad omen. "Dark Days (drift station remix)" takes "Dark Ages" chopped-and-slurred soul vox and taut, wiry beats and reconfigures it into a lo-fi girl group sing-a-long, finalizing the record with some glammy disco, before trailing off into the sunrise., Did pretty well w/ eating so far. Minus the cookie I had from whole foods. Aunt Flo came to visit and I just was not going to fight the urge for chocolate any longer., Today we will finish the Orientation meetings for fall - and tonight I am taking my daughter to one of my favorite restaurants in Salt Lake City. Hope you all are having a wonderful day!, Just what it was the poet poed?, Yoochun tried to make Junsu comfortable with him. He ask to vampire elder how to make a vampire like him not so often drink human blood., Maintain a balance diet., I hate compositing, but knowing how to do it comes in handy. Look at my banner, for example. I wasn't about to actually take a photo of a bunch of photos being dropped into a take-out box that just happened to have my photo logo on the side. So I used masking and compositing to get the photo I wanted., Destruction was wrought at great range as the battle stretched on at length–and so long went the conflict that additional monsters began to emerge from the nearby Dead Fields to join the battle, assailing the party from the rear. A mohrg, a grotesque undead abomination, attacked as the party began to gradually thin the ranks within the base. Anselme once more set about a whirlwind upon the defenders and Zantric, enlarged by magic and bearing a great pole-arm, began to make headway against the barricade and its guardians., 1 cup KRAFT Shredded Colby & Monterey Jack Cheeses, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, My husband looked down to see if he could see anything and said "the head's out!", whoops, seemed I'd forgotten to mention that! The next couple of minutes were incredible. I felt a movement and shouted at my husband to stop touching the baby! "I'm not!" he said. Then again, another movement - "DON'T touch him!", "I'm not!!"., Two farms, sitting side by side. Both sporting quintessential red Wisconsin barns. Both probably home to the TRULY happy cows - - - the dairy cows of Wisconsin., Th? end result i? and always will be how many fish it’s going to cat?h and how b?g. I know that I want to b? c?ming ?ff the lake showing the b?ys m? shopping trips were ?ell worth it., I want something more. I love to have experiences in my life. I live my life with passion in everything I do., Display my button on your sidebar if you don't already (thanks to everyone that has it, it gives me such a warm gooey feeling to see it!), Chinese food served in those tallish metal dishes with a lid. That food was gross! No wonder I thought I didn’t like Chinese food., A Green Country family has waited nearly four decades for justice. Michael Selsor was given a death sentence for murdering Clayton Chandler in 1975. Selsor’s execution is next week., 3 additional, Having said that, I DO think the interest rates should be reduced, or at least that should be forgiven, and if someone has already paid more than what was originally owed, they should be eligible for some sort of loan forgiveness. Likewise, those who can’t find jobs should be given amnesty until they do find employment of some sort…and again, the biggest culprit in this whole thing is the horribly high interest rates. It practically guarantees you never get out of debt. If the government could bail out wall street, at the very least, I think they could do that much for the next generation of workers in this country., war and the recession in 2007 and no one, What saddens me a lot nowadays is how I read the newspaper every morning, and the news is always bad., What We Eat, If Paterson takes over, he'd have to stand for election in 2010. As a not-quite-incumbent, he'd have a significant head start, but he also might be vulnerable to a challenge. Nassau County Executive Tom Suozzi, who lost badly to Spitzer in the Democratic primary in 2006, opposes Atlantic Yards, and just might run again., strange roommates lying there, Here is a photo if the inside of the card.......Unfortunately I do not have a record where I found the inside digi image but ifI can findit I will update this post to give proper credit., Within this minimalist context, Rollin makes the supernatural seems utterly concrete and physical. When Pierre's father is attacked at the climax by a group of supernatural beings, they parade towards the camera looking like a band of hippies, led by a kid who's obviously (and comically) struggling to hold a black flag aloft. Similarly, when Pierre enters a chateau where he hopes to learn the secrets he's been chasing, he's confronted by a calm, utterly normal old couple who usher him towards his fate. After Pierre is gone, Rollin stays with the old couple, who seem lonely and slightly melancholy, always waiting in this empty house for visitors seeking answers, always left alone again when they depart. The camera tracks away from them, pulling back to emphasize their loneliness, a moment of surprising emotion, one sign of the strange sadness that lingers at the fringes of this film. Rollin has a feel for such quirky moments, like when two of Georges' assistants walk away through a field in a long shot, chatting, and refreshingly seeming as baffled about what's going on as the audience likely is., and I am, So I was trying to find a good Valentine’s craft that wasn’t all pink or a card and I found the best thing on Pinterest (obviously!), “Does it hurt?” asked the Rabbit., Creating boundaries is a good way to keep your relationship healthy and secure. By setting boundaries together, you can both have a deeper understanding of the type of relationship that you and your partner want. Boundaries are not meant to make you feel trapped or like you’re “walking on eggshells.” Creating boundaries is not a sign of secrecy or distrust — it’s an expression of what makes you feel comfortable and what you would like or not like to happen within the relationship. Remember, healthy boundaries shouldn’t restrict your ability to:, And, on the floor -?, Mr Aptroot, how about the Thatcherite dogmas of your party (and some other parties) which caused these railway problems in the first place. The Dutch Socialist Party and others had proposed to re-nationalize the railways before; the VVD, now Johnny-come-latelies after the Amsterdam disaster and before the September parliamentary elections, opposed that then., Mixeu MA, Vespa GN, Forleo-Neto E, Toniolo-Neto J, Alves PM. Impact of influenza vaccination on civilian aircrew illness and absenteeism. Aviat Space Environ Med 2002; 73: 876-880., Update on ROW80--I lost sight of my goals for a few days. I could use the excuse of a laundry crisis, but I won't. I'm spending the day chatting with a crit partner, and getting back on track. How are you doing with your goals?, The new price? $374,900 – about 6 percent less than the rejected short sale offer., Adress: West Ringdijk 39, 2841 LW Moordrecht (Gouda), If you haven’t heard by now, Passion is taking a massive turn as we head into the future. At the heart of the shift is a sense of fresh calling that God has made unmistakably clear to Shelley and me over the past eighteen months or so. Though for many reasons it looked like we might never lead a local church, all that has changed as God has placed in our hearts a huge passion to do just that. So in the coming months, by the grace of God, we will be planting a Passion Church in Atlanta as a local expression of the Kingdom of God for our rapidly growing and diverse city as well as a base for our influence throughout the nation and world., EDWARDS, Attendees will have a chance to win a Galaxy Nexus, Galaxy Tablet 7.7 or a SMART TV., I find that slightly irritating and condescending. Not to mention sexist., In the end, these properties of God, given to us in revelation from God, form a coordinate and holistic picture that reveals, in perspective, the perfect and unchanging character of God; a character that we learn, recognize, and come to know in Jesus Christ, who is God, speaking for Himself, in the flesh., "We have reached the moment of truth. We have a brief window of opportunity to avoid a major double-dip in employment," said Raymond Torres from the ILO., Finally we’ve come to the last installment in this series about the affect Anne Lamott’s chapter “Hunger” has had on my life. To catch up on the rest of the story you can go here., “I indeed baptise you with water unto repentance; but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear; he shall baptise you with the Holy Ghost and with fire.”, Craig Shaw, 21, later admitted aggravated burglary and was jailed for eight-and-a-half years in December. Sentencing him at Nottingham Crown Court, Judge Michael Stokes said Mr Wang had been ‘fully entitled’ to pick up the cleaver to defend his family., When the driver has the DRS flap closed on the rear wing, the front and rear wings operate as usual, with no blown effects being used. Both wings create downforce in the usual way., Blogging buds:, Day #7. Sing in the Shower., Until next time, eat up!, Yukiatsu: So you say Yadomi just started working?, “The only way to not take L’s in dating is to be single.” – S_Lyphe, T – is for Toxic Relationships. An important key to managing your time is to manage who you spend time with and who gets to spend time with you. The people you are around have a dramatic effect on your attitude, energy, disposition, and motivation. You want positive, supportive and motivating people around you. If you’re spending time with people who don’t fit this description (Toxic), you need to kick them to the curb., -My phenomonal neighbor, Martha, who stepped into my crazy 3 ring circus life yesterday to help me iron. She ironed and I sewed. For hours!! It was wonderful! Thank you so much, Martha!!, And lo, the many-sexed one, the deity Endra, did appear to Innominus, conveying to the faithful priest a vision. Entranced, Innominus saw a horde of undead -- skeletons, ghouls, wights -- issuing forth out of the darkness in a stone chamber, which he knew to be in the deep basement of Baron Kaminster's country manor outside Fortinbras. The foul undead monsters, with hateful glowing eyes, surged forward in the vision, overwhelming the cleric with their sheer numbers., To make the curry:, She’s going to visit her special someone the weekend before that random Tuesday in February. So we discussed Valentine’s day (and gay marriage and abortion and religion!)., Love never became a big concert draw outside of California. They did some weekend tour dates in the rest of the country, but it was only in their hometown of Los Angeles or in San Francisco that they played regularly. A stable income from concerts would probably have helped the band weather some of their personal changes. Changing band members seemed almost routine for the big L.A. groups in 1967/68. Neil Young quit The Buffalo Springfield, Gene Clark had already left and David Crosby was fired from The Byrds in ’68. The rock scene was so new and continually changing that everyone thought their “next” lineup or group would be even bigger than what they were leaving (ultimately true for Crosby & Young). Big ambition coupled with big egos created a volatile music scene, and Love was no different than the rest of the aspiring groups of that era. Personality conflicts between members, poor management and drugs were three key areas’ that could help break a band apart, and Love had its share of all three., Google+. I'm not sure what purpose it serves yes, what with all my Facebooking and Tweeting and whatnot, but I still really like the interface and how it's not all cluttered and stupid like Facebook. Also, none of my family or my right-wing, super-Christian hometown FB "friends" are on Google+, so there's that., We went to Rome and spent about three days there. We got there at night and rode out to the Vatican to see St. Peter’s all lit up at night, and then we got dropped off at the Spanish Steps (which was one of many magical moments for me because I LOVE the movie Roman Holiday). We sat on the steps for a while people watching and listening to all the twenty-somethings playing their guitars and singing. We ventured on to a lot of really awesome sites like the Trevi Fountain, which I’m still waiting for that coin to bring me back, we ate gelato and listened to the water and watched a guy purpose to his girlfriend. It was a magical Trevi experience! Then we went to the Pantheon which was beautiful! Rome at night is seriously purer magic! We drove past the Colosseum on the way back to the hotel which was so cool. I remember just getting this HUGE smile on my face the minute I saw it!, You make me feel like i'm the most beautiful girl in the world, Bodebrow Strong Scotch Ale Wee Heavy is 8 percent alcohol by volume. The beer won a gold medal at the Mondial de La Bierre in Montreal in 2011. The beer pours a reddish brown with a off white head. There is a nice caramelized malt base to this beer with just a faint hint of smoke in the background. The mouth feel is not as heavy as some other wee heavy Scotch ales on the market., 4. Dallas Texas (As a single adult), The point is that every so often I get a craving for that book. That specific book. And heaven help me if I can’t find it, because I will tear the place apart until I do. They’re like my comfort food for the brain. They’re like popcorn. Only made out of paper. And you don’t eat them. Okay, so it was a bad metaphor., In today’s gospel reading John 11:45-56, the first verse,, I hope it was just a dream and nothing more., Asked whether the government, which is implicated in the case, would deploy someone for the defence, Muhyiddin said:" I don't want to comment on that.", I love my Ray's Arithmetic. Clearly you can tell its been through many hands. There are many reasons to choose Rays but one reason I admire the most is how naturally it teaches a child to reason. Knowing how to reason is crucial in the upbringing of a child. Being able to reason clearly enhances a child's ability to make well thought out decisions and to work through situations and problems. In short, when's person can reason then that equals to thinking outside the box and helps one find solutions to a myriad of situations that come in life. That's why we choose Rays for the first 6 to 8 years for their math. I know it might seem an odd thing to think of an arithmetic curriculum that actually teaches you how to reason but this one does. Obviously, most anything that was written in the 1800's you will pretty much be guaranteed to find reason written within the pages. Here are a few problems one of my little daughters were working on today., Hardcover: 272 pages, Now, I’ve never been a fashion person. I’m white. I’m male. I’m straight (shocking, I am aware). Thus, my predisposition for well-tailored clothing isn’t genetically probable. I spent all of high-school looking like a Backstreet Boy, then a copper-top battery, later upgrading to ‘fancy homeless person chic’ in college. It wasn’t until I began my hilariously fish-out-of-water talents towards the hair industry did I begin to see the light…and learn anything about the fine, ancient, mind-boggling art of ‘color coordination’. I’m still fairly terrible at it…but at least I’m told occasionally I dress well. The issue had always been one of apathy. I didn’t care. Fashion was for people with money. Fashion was for ladies and, as some of my relatives would put it, ‘the gays’ (God love the Brits). I’ve always been a man of words, putting them on the page, shifting them about with nerdish glee and twisting phrases like a lad ripping apart ants on the playground. Visual aesthetics have always been lost on me. During my ‘fucking idiot’ period, reaching its indelible peak during freshman year of Oberlin, I would love to lay down statements, laced with bovine fecal matter, such as, “Modern art isn’t art.” I wish I had a time machine. I’d go back and slap the shit out of myself. (And I’d also go back and insert myself inconspicuously into scenes of Jurassic Park containing Laura Dern. Don’t ask why. I don’t judge what you’d do with a time machine. Jerk.), Because I am in full time nursing school, it is not a surprise that we are a bit tight on money. I promised my husband that I would not go wild and I would work mostly with what we already had. Lord knows I would love to just march on in to Hobby Lobby and feverishly shove everything into my cart that I desire. Self control and willpower, Kristina...self control and willpower. I stuck to that promise and haven't spent much AT ALL. Maybe $50 to redo his entire room, including paint and brushes., I definitely stitched, using some old embroidery floss from making friendship bracelets. I also have the metal letters below from my stash... it took me a while to figure out a title I could make with the letters I have left (can't believe I had two s left!). Finally the green and yellow cardstock are stash items. I know, you're asking... where is the yellow cardstock? Well, its the scalloped border and I covered it with Walnut stain distress ink, Tattered Angels leather glimmermist and some green glimmer glam. I also distressed the green cardstock, the photos and the journalling card (Bo Bunny)., I inherited 2 kaftans (persian robes) from my dad. A friend made them for him to wear when he had cancer so it would be easier to get around the house. Over the years I wore one out completely. The other I'm wearing right now., ‘From the end of the 2nd century emphasis was placed on the example of soldier martyrs, that is, those who were recruited by force but who absolutely refused to serve and were put to death as a result. This happened in time of war. It is recorded that some soldiers who were chosen to execute their comrades suddenly decided on conversion and threw down their swords.’, BALLET DANCE OF DEATH, - My pie/cake stayed in the oven for about 50 minutes, at which point it was a lovely golden brown., In 2002, I found a copy of Dorothy Sayers' translation of the epic, leafed through it a bit, put it on the shelves, and waited., -jera, Prepare your boss / teacher / place of business that you won’t be wearing shoes that day and tell them why. Encourage some other folks to do it with you. And don’t do it to get a pat on the back. Do it simply to encourage people to love the poor in a tangible way. It’s an easy thing to do that also raises our own awareness about how much we take for granted that we do have shoes., However, the picture is not all doom and gloom. “Indian banks have shown resilience in the past and although bad loans are growing we are not in a panic situation,” says Mr Mallya, who also heads Bank of Baroda, one of India’s largest banks by revenue. “Companies are defaulting but we can manage it for the time being.”, Found this great site to help me understand what fruits and vegetables are in season – I was soo frustrated that I wasn’t able to find a particular squash and come to find out, it’s a fall vegetable! So this guide breaks down every month what’s in season for me so there’s no more wondering., Bottom line - you need a platform. And your platform cannot be your book! Businesses and organizations are not going to pay you to come in and pitch your book for an hour., Here we are, Margaret, still striving, still trying and enjoying the fruits of your labour., What extra things are you doing in your life that may interfere with your raw ability to love? What extra expectation are you putting on others that inhibit their ability to love you back, or may lead you to be less loving of them?, Offices in this part of the world don’t need much of an excuse to have cake orgies. Leaving, starting, retiring, birthdays, anniversaries, births, deaths, you name it and the cakes come out and the tea is brewed., Hands up who is looking forward to the weekend!!, I got through work Thursday by finger-pecking with my left hand or dictating to Brigitte., The challenge is that Bloglovin does not tally up the total amount of blogs I follow on a daily basis. This is a good thing because if we count manually, we'd be here forever and it would be evident that I have an OBSESSION with blogs. Even if I don't mention your blog, chances are I follow you and am too lazy to update my links., directs and modifies my behavior. Both Mead’s self and the self that I have, Was the debt that my soul owed., To the modem mind, as represented by Mr. Wylie, this is warped vision which "bears little or no relation to the truth as it is known today." The Catholic who does not write for a limited circle of fellow Catholics will in all probability consider that since this is his vision, he is writing for a hostile audience, and he will be more than ever concerned to have his work stand on its own feet and be complete and self-sufficient and impregnable in its own right. When people have told me that because I am a Catholic, I cannot be an artist, I have had to reply, ruefully, that because I am a Catholic I cannot afford to be less than an artist. Flannery O'Connor, Not important., Jakie's husband was asking about the location of the former oil fields that were on the top of the mountain. A friend of mine and I'd found them years before and I told him that I could direct him there. Once again, we piled into the truck, minus our cousins/guides. We drove to the oil field ruins and, as I write this, I'm reminded that I need to take pictures of them the next time I go up there. You can see foundations as well as old pumps. As we made our way back to Irvine, we discussed the Granny Richardson School that had been located there, before it was moved to the campus of Eastern Kentucky University in Richmond., But while Balun and Lucas were GZ's most famous contributors, the GZ masthead included plenty of other luminaries, like Psychotronic author Michael Weldon, Broken Minds/Broken Mirrors author Maitland McDonagh, and Swamp Thing artist and Taboo publisher Stephen Bissette. Given the amount of talent that was represented in GZ's pages, editor Chris Alexander has done a heroic job of compiling a proper Best Of. Like any fan would, though, I have my own personal nitpicks concerning pieces that I believe ought to have made the cut but didn't - such as Bissette's preview of Alejandro Jodorwky's Santa Sangre (1989) or McDonagh's review of Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer (both examples of the way that GZ shined a light on fringe films well before any other publication)., And I have them sectioned off for everyone on your list; start writing these ideas down:, Finally, Jonathan’s pair was up. He was in the 3rd-to-last pair, originally paired to skate with Havard Bokko, a skater on a similar level with Jonathan; unfortunately, Havard was sick that weekend and pulled out of the 5k, so his fellow Norwegian teammate Sverre Lunde Pedersen skated in the pair instead. He’s a good skater, but young and not quite at Jonathan’s level. Having a well-matched pair is useful, both for increased motivation during the race and to be able to get a good draft during the lane-change in the back straightaway, so this new pairing was stressful – but Jonathan’s skated with slow pairs before, and managed alright – plus you never know when a young skater will have a crazily fast breakout race., This poem is loosely based upon my Grandfather, Herbert Hutchins. (How I wish I had a photo of him with his fine horses! I do have a few of him with his plow horses, but not his pacers). My grandmother said he loved his horses and was one of the first to purchase a car., This is quite a departure for a country best known for producing wine and liqueurs, although in recent years the creation of Grey Goose and Ciroc vodkas and Citadelle gin, all respected products, have broadened the French portfolio., shadows behind their knees, This video makes me think of my precious sister, Velma, who left us on Sunday to go home to Jesus., And to quote my editor, Annette Pollert, "The cover conveys a sense of unhappy anxiety, and unfulfilled need and want." She's kind of a genius., His heart rate began to drop. Between each contraction, Lori was telling me to breathe oxygen to my baby. I did my best to follow her instructions through the extreme fatigue. It became very serious when Lori announced that they needed to get the doctor and the vacuum in the room. I heard this and even, I was starting to feel better yesterday so I went to work, (how stupid was that decision?) at a different farm to where I normally work. I got rained on while getting the cows in, stood in a cold draft milking for two hours, got rained on again putting the cows away, and then drove home with blue lips in my non-heated car. So now I am off work for most of the rest of the week., This Tuesday's (7/12) Five for $5 Tasting will be another Great lineup of beers!, There are about 50+ finished tie dye sitting in my coat closet, but there's no room left for more- there just has to be a place to put more of these things! Lucky for me, my craft room closet should be able to hold a few, because I plan to do a bunch more while I have the time away from school., “Please pay close attention to Paragraphs 5.4 & %.5 and digest the full meaning of those finely-written clauses”., If you're interested in one, email us at andrewshanelowry@gmail.com., We are beginning to suspect that C's misophonia falls under the same anxiety umbrella as his OCD and Tourette Syndrome. His OCD and Tourette's are mild, his misophonia is not, nor is the depression he's experiencing as a result. Frankly I do expect him to end up on anxiety/depression meds eventually, sooner rather than later, because I'm beginning to think the misophonia and OCD and Tourette's are just really severe, complicated symptoms of a larger underlying problem with his brain chemistry. Maybe we should quit focusing so much on the symptoms and try to get the underlying cause under control? Especially since they do have meds for that? I expect we'll be making some doctor appointments pretty soon., The whole crew: Toga Mike, Dorothy Liz, Riddler Carl, Waldo Aaron, Devil Heidi, Doctor Matt, Cow Damage, Pirate Booty Adam, T-Shirt Brian, Footballer Kristen, Pikachu Linnea, Ash Jae, Go Go Megan, Pirate Alex, 80s Sonya, Pirate Noel, Monster Hunter Me, Cowboy Pat, Betty Laura, Barney Mike, Fred Brent, Wilma Megan, Zombie Jesus Jim, Footballer Ashlee (hiding in the pic, but you can see her head in the one below), and Sonya's friend (forgot her name, sorry!), Upon overhearing this conversation, I think I need to investigate this further. I’m glad she knows you don’t play with poo, however I’m not sure if someone has been telling her it’s okay to play with pee or if she’s just showing her toilet humour., Because of their heroic actions, all charges are dropped against thecrew except one. For that, Kirk is demoted to captain and is returned to a new Enterprise which will prove to bea piece of junk in the next film and decommissioned in the one after. But we will get to that later., Sam turned to her father. "Are we really going up there?, We would like to give a big “Shout Out” to Julie Parsons at EasyStreet Realty in Charlotte, NC for selling the most Accent Homes in 2011. Julie, thank you for bringing your clients to Accent Homes’ Communities and helping them purchase their dream home!, The Copenhagen conference came to a hasty end as the world’s leaders fled the city to avoid being trapped there by a massive blizzard. The global warming they all warned against in 2010 was not occurring and is not occurring., The Horror Star, I need you to fly in;, Those are some of the people from that era when it was called the NWA and WWF and the wrestling that seems to travel all across the country has implemented more violence …….cage violence – major cussing – but the video games are WAY WORSE! My son always ask for me to take him whenever the wrestling matches come to town and I have been VERY hesitant!, Meanwhile, you can begin to practice meditation from what you read and from podcasts or recordings on the web, and seek the advice of any meditators whose qualities you admire. The role of any good teacher is ultimately to help you learn to trust your own intuitive wisdom, your own inner guru or inner guidance system, which will ultimately be your most reliable source of true direction., I made the gingham ribbon loops by cutting a 6" length of ribbon and folding then and adhering each fold with a sticky dot. I love ribbon loops, they just add a sweet feminine touch. It was a female fox, I'm betting she was out hunting to feed her kits. Then the branches are felt which I brushed with a little bronze ink and the flowers are some layered Primas.<U+FEFF> Finally I added a small journal tag and that's all there is to it!, I settle into my breath. Somehow, on this, GameMaker (GM) is a point-and-click engine used to create action games such as platformers and shooters. People can design games with this engine if they have no programing knowledge, or if they have scripting ability they can use the built in script editor., That’s when it hit me. I knew what had happened., For the last four years J has been lucky enough to go for regular swimming lessons with his school using public pools. It is something he adores and has made steady progress at, from his initial wariness to his recent total body submerges! (Definitely better than his Mum who still can’t swim and would never dream of putting her head under!!!) In fact earlier in the year he achieved his *Duckling* certificate complete with a cute little badge to sew on his trunks., There were, admittedly, many forgettable parts of this episode. But the writers found this evening where Don and Peggy just, for lack of better words, opened up to each other. They've always had an odd protective relationship with each other, but in this episode they each opened up about their pasts., My dearest brigade, as we look towards the future with sight unclouded, I hope that this last week will never let us stray., Bridget Fleagle, Marketing and Sales Manager, I warmed up with a few laps around the track. Eager to get to the squat rack. Did a few warm up sets and loaded the bar to 190, the last weight I had completed for 6 reps. By the 3rd rep, I was in trouble, I was struggling. By the time my thighs were parallel to the floor on the fourth set, I was stuck. I couldn’t get back up, my spotter thought I’d be able to push myself back up and though I appreciated his faith in me, it was seriously overestimated. I collapsed under the weight and the bar rolled over my head., Do you want all visuals to be printed on cardstock for increased durability? What about outlines? Tell them what is expected. I personally recommend hands-on visuals always be printed on cardstock (then laminated). Outlines can go either way., We saw all the “must-sees” – Brandenburg Gate, Checkpoint Charlie, Berlin Wall – and even got a glimpse of some “probably shouldn’t see” when we rode past the nude bathing area in the Tiergarten., So happy ending all around., It's not really that difficult to tell the difference between 'Shine' and 'Chime'. It's not really difficult to be sensitive, thoughtful and accurate. Lauren Myracle didn't deserve to be treated like this. Nor did Andy Mulligan when he got booted off the Blue Peter shortlist. I hope that the publicity boosted sales for both of them. And I hope it didn't spoil Frannie Billingsley's moment either. Perhaps they can combine to write about the experience. And call it 'Shame'., Nuts of all sorts, I especially love walnuts, sunflower seeds and sesame seeds, When we last went to the Port Costa Warehouse for a bit of inspiration, Katherine Summer asked the barkeep for the keys to the Burlington Hotel across the street. Some of us have been wanting to do a photo shoot there for some time. It is purported to be haunted and to be an old brothel. The names of the girls on the doors give it away......, The hubby and I are really big on growing our garden organicly. We don't want us or our children eating any nasty pesticides or chemicals. I recently discovered Whitney Farms® which has a full line of 100% organic plant food and organic soil with no additives, nothing artificial, just ingredients from the Earth, designed to give you big, beautiful flowers and veggies. Get the goodness of gardening naturally, with Whitney Farms® plant foods and soils., For those individuals who may be hesitant to jump into gluten-free vegan cooking, rest assured: O'Brien provides an informative "About the Ingredients" section that discusses the types of gluten-free vegan items she uses for the recipes in the book. There are clear notes about "foods to avoid" for vegans and further clarification about what items gluten-sensitive or -intolerant consumers must also avoid. O'Brien also discusses flours and starches, other dry ingredients, sweeteners, nondairy milks, vegan cheeses, egg replacers, and fats in detail, highlighting both common and preferred ingredients within each category; they constitute a useful reference for seasoned vegan cooks, gluten-free cooks, and new cooks alike. I particularly enjoying reading the sections about cooking with wine, the importance of using organic and non-GMO products, and farmers' markets and food co-ops. They're details which I don't tend to acknowledge as readily as the items themselves, so mention of them serves as a much-appreciated nudge to be more mindful of my consumer practices., I have Ree's cookbook (see my post about meeting her here) and knew her recipe for these rolls was in it. And, I had all the ingredients on hand, so I got everything together and got started., **I've corrected the information in this section, apologies!, While Don Sebesky often receives the credit - or the blame - for "the CTI sound," he was not the only arranger who shaped that sound which has come to dominate not only 1970s jazz, but that noise that is now highly revered among crate diggers, samplers, DJs and fans of the last great wave jazz has experienced., If you’ve followed my “Team Gale” vs “Team Peeta” tweets you’d have noticed that I was recently pretty obessesed with the Hunger Games book trilogy – Little did I realise that i’d be ‘living it’ to an extent., “It seems curious that if a landlord closes the door on a coloured applicant merely because of his colour he might well get into serious trouble. But if he closes his door on white people with children merely because they have children, he is under no penalty at all.”, If you’ve seen those shows on TV featuring animal hoarders who usually see the light and reform, you know what a sad situation hoarding really is. Like Mamie, many real hoarders don’t set out to harm animals but to save one, then ten, then dozens. The problem is they don’t have the room to do it, nor the money to keep the animals well fed, nor the resources to keep the environment clean. Lauren is horrified when she visits Mamie’s shelter and sees how awful it has become. She calls the authorities--as she must under LA policy--and has the animals taken away. Mamie, too, although officials real and fictional generally realize how fruitless it is to prosecute hoarders for animal abuse since they often have mental issues and they’re almost always recidivists --they do it all over again., They are happy, and that is a dream come true., My favorite quotes from the last week include Nolan's response of "Because I love you so much" when Allen asked Nolan why he had called for Daddy to wipe his butt (yes, we're working on getting him to wipe his own). And Nolan saying that his Spiderman bike was faster than the car - followed by his insistence that we take his training wheels off so he can go faster..., “I think so,” I replied., “Why don’t you stay here tonight?”, Self-discovery is a bitch sometimes, but perhaps, worth it., Tracks 8, 9: Coleman Hawkins And His Sax Ensemble, This opens up another issue that I will touch on briefly: the lack of actual, purebred “American Pit Bull Terriers” out there. The majority of pit bulls around the country are mixed breeds, which is why I like to refer to them as “pit bull type dogs”. This is much more vague and makes no definitive assumptions when referring to a dog’s genetic makeup., Unfortunately by the 10th, which was the hole that ignited the trouble last year. Rory over-compensated his drive towards the left-hand trees, though rescued for par., Earth Day, Ed Begley and Al Gore be damned., The CG menu is actually quite dizzying to look at because the pictures are passively transitioning from one picture to another, as I havent played much GIGA games you can also make a sequence preview of the CG sequence you want via center mouse button and looking at one of the chosen CG sequences, other than that its still point and click type viewer., Well, not actually me in particular...just my book., Wright: Johnny Weissmuller died on this day. Which jungle-swinging character clad only in a loincloth did he play?, 2. The publisher copy then highlights the serious nature of the novel by focusing on several themes that will be explored which are resilience, awareness, and then redemption (and we could perhaps add forgiveness)., WILLIAM CLEAVE Alderman of, PS. What does this pic have to do with sewing? Nothing. Totally random. I don't have any sewing pictures. That in itself is shocking..., -Button cover kit, “Our focus is to showcase the best of Indian cinema to the world. With the unparalleled success of IIFA Singapore in 2004, we are back here to relive the magic,” Sabbas Joseph, director, Wizcraft International Entertainment, said in a statement., Since the 1950s, the RAND has been instrumental in defining U.S. military strategy. Their most visible contribution is the doctrine of nuclear deterrence by Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD), developed under the guidance of then-Defense Secretary Robert McNamara and based upon their work with game theory. Chief strategist Herman Kahn also posited the idea of a “winnable” nuclear exchange in his 1960 book On Thermonuclear War. This led to Kahn being one of the models for the titular character of the film Dr. Strangelove., Apparently, I am not the only one who seems to prefer evil to affliction. When I was afflicted by being shut out of my birthfamily’s life, refused contact with them, I was in pain. Like Job (obviously not in the same volume), what I wanted was removed from me. I had lost my hope that my birthparents and I would some day meet, I lost six siblings, I lose an aunt who seemed to be tender towards me, I lost the opportunity to talk with them, to know them, to have my children know them, for them to know my children, for my two sets of parents to meet, . . . I had lost my dream of “everyone” coming together. I was also losing in my marriage. Things were not good/great there; he was trying to stay in tune with me, but he was struggling with his own very big stuff too. I lost my energy, my interest in life, my approval from many, my hope, –ultimately, I lost my self-worth., Facing criticism for still holding the remains of about 1,400 Native Americans in its archaeological collection, the University of Michigan will be reviewing its policies on how to properly deal with Indian bones and artifacts., There is one thing I really wanted to say in this world, and I couldn't get, The biggest problem I had back there was how thick the brush was around the edges of both the pond and the swamp. I think that I am going to do something I have never done before and clear a few very small “shooting lanes” through the brush in places so I can sneak back there from time to time and photograph the waterfowl., androgynous (before the calamity of puberty, which Peter Pan never, no, no...maggie and her man zeke are still going strong :) but other than zeke and her MAIN man (daddy of couse) the other man miss maggie loves is elmo! i'm telling you i believe she would watch sesame street ALL DAY long! she loves watching sesame street, all of it, but when elmo's world, Conclusion?, No parent ever really recovers from that kind of loss. Over the years, Gilmore wrote two novels containing a character who has lost a son, and began a memoir, none of them published. A year and a half ago, he decided to try his hand at a mystery., Student : Is there anyone in the class who has ever seen the Professor’s brain?, This stems from the recent announcement by Sime Darby that it was buying a 30% stake in E&O from a group of shareholders at a price that worked out to a 60% premium to market at the point of the announcement., History/Geography, Stampin Up- Flight of the Butterfly, KQR, At an AC meeting in Wales I brought to the Chairman’s attention the fact that the National Elections Officer and the then National Organiser were putting in place parallel systems and appointing officers into positions in London without informing me what they were doing. This was consequently interfering with my role as London Organiser and the development of London, because it meant that there were two separate London operations in place, one effectively being carried out without my knowledge. This was the first sign of the hole in the heart of the BNP, where cohesion, communication and continuity did not exist. I was concerned too that there were also key locations in the south of London that needed assistance and some possible financial help, and that these were being neglected. This led to a confrontation between the Leader of the Party and myself in the summer of 2005. Subsequently, the Leader displayed poor judgement by taking the line of least resistance in undermining my position. He sacked me as London Organiser, basically for being too pro-active, and attaining positive results! It clearly was a case of nepotism over ability., Such great sadness within two days for the music world with the passing of Dick Clark and now legendary musician Levon Helm of “The Band”., Shake 1 tablespoon of the flour into the cake pan, and shake it around so it sticks to the butter. Tap out any excess flour that doesn't stick to the parchment or to the sides of the pan., A friend told me my writing here had changed, that when I started blogging I was "all over the place"., Ingredients for the soup:, As with most third party movements in the history of the U.S., the Populist Party was short-lived. By 1898, Simpson was out of the Congress and Populism was all but dead. Still, Simpson and the Populists did succeed in pushing elite Americans to adopt some of their ideas. The Progressive-minded politicians of the early 20th century achieved at least some of the Populist goals, such as regulation of the railways. Shortly before he died in Wichita in 1905, Simpson noted that the Progressive politicians of the day were "just learning now what the farmers... knew fourteen years ago.", There was also chatter about hijacking a plane, so, when the hijackers approached, security found their names on the list and searched them very carefully, only letting them board after it was absolutely certain they had no weapons of any kind, so there was absolutely no way they could hijack the plane., 15/08 20:15 M Shot Put Final, (Heritage Foundation), Jerome Lamaar, GIVING FASHION! As you can see this is the week where people are super creative and have a blast with fashion. For those that dont know this is the former designer for Baby Phat, in the good days! Now he is currently creating his own line we will keep you in loop!, The most common webapps, revolves around the database, ORM, MVC. The Grails web framework,, When a licensor sells proprietary machinery to a licensee, the terms for such a transaction can be shown in separate paragraph of the agreement, in a schedule attached to the agreement or in a separate sales agreement. On occasion, a licensee is permitted to buy machinery from a third party based on the licensed patents and/or know-how., Ideally I'd have a room like this all to myself. OK, in my most fantastic dreams I'd have a room, even a tiny one, with a view of the sea. There's something about the ocean that seems to inspire my creative side. But I'm not complaining - not for a minute! I'm thrilled with the place I've got. Hm, except for the lack of bookshelves. I have to go to other rooms for my book collection if I want to refer to something other than the thesaurus on my desk. Oh, it's a hard life!, I hope that you like it as much as me!, -The kind woman at JC Penney who, when I asked where she found her coupon for $20 off, said they came in the mail and then just handed it to me, saying she was only going to use the $10 off one (you had to spend a certain amount per coupon). I was buying a down comforter for my bed, and that $20 off, plus the half off sale in the store, made it an amazing deal. People are so kind., “Nothing,” I said., Market still got the potential to reach the ultimate destination in near future. Key advice is to reschedule your portfolios and gear up for March, 2010. Buy recommended with honoring our scrip levels for high returns., From this case, I see the Twitter’s powerful influence in local business and true engagement., Potato Face – 1st, I am now convinced that when a leader is straight forward, it benefits all. Such leaders are not manipulative. And they react very strongly to those whom they suspect are trying to manipulate them. They will not “tell the boss what he wants to hear” and the boss knows that., An endless stream, Obviously, I was angry at Paul for taking his sister out like that because although he didn’t understand how dangerous it was for them - Lise especially because of the cold but also them both, he could have walked them across the road when a car was coming. He had no sense of danger in traffic, y’see. Absolutely anything could have happened to them!, This system has been a flawless one - up until Monday morning, when I couldn't find the 997 binder for the life of me. Dun dun dun! Now that I hate my other two binders (which are just ridiculous awful and there's no way I'd even try to wear one of them longer than 4 hours. I'm most likely going to donate them to a local trans dude who they may work for & fit better or to the Big Brothers Used Binder Program), I opted to just go to school to the loose-binding M801 and to just strategically wear my jacket all day to hide my chest., We are the reason, why there is an election, they, the candidates are not the star. We are the principal characters here. Let’s take this privilege, use this right and exercise our duty., Does this mean that we should never portray weak heroines?, It was all so dragging and unengaging. It was without either any recognisable time and place or univeral mythic resonance. (Hard to see that it had to do with South London, though you did have the black guy as pimp and apprentice gangster.), That way the math will always come out right., Steam some sweet potato. Leave the skin on, it's full of nutrients. Just give them a good scrub. Cook extra, you'll use them during the week in salads. Your small, elongated logs should take ~20minutes to steam through nicely. They'll be just like in Thailand at Baan Dada. Nature's candy. They're unbelievably good, no embellishments required., Darcy was fortunate to be chosen MVP for his team. What a proud moment for Mama! :), Have a Peachy Day! xo Angelica, What Richie and Frank have in common is that they are both unbelievably determined and stubborn when set on a course. Neither has much use for the counsel of others either. Both are supremely confident in their own version of the world. In this case, that's exactly what's required to bring down Frank, as a good cop without Richie's stubborn streak would likely have given up long before getting close. Both men also play their cards close to the vest. Richie doesn't give us any exposition to explain why he is how he is. The only hint we get from Frank about his own ruthlessness is his story about cops brutalizing his cousin, and even that is only given in hopes of intimidating Richie. Neither man has much use for playing victim., assured Mr. Shakil that we would continue in our efforts to collect the, Tonight we are welcoming the new Commander's wife and other spouses of the new command team. I'm not sure what the Army protocol is for an incoming Commander's wife (I even looked it up in the Army etiquette book to see if it had any helpful hints - it didn't), but I wanted to take a small gift., Now I know the Chinese are a wise people and I’m thinking no matter how straight I’m standing, no matter how far over my eyes I keep my hat, no matter how much I try to channel Jimi and Janis in my head, this guy sees through it all. This is misguided respect for sure- Respect for age sure but what about for my wisdom- my spiritual aura, my iconic, ageless, timeless presence- would you offer a seat to a statue?, than where I placed you a couple hours before., 2. This should go without saying. Of course, the problem with saying something that everyone can agree on is that what constitutes ‘fun’ you’ll never get people to agree on. Some people find huffing glue fun, some people enjoy inflating their genitals with saline. I can’t say I understand the appeal but hey, whatever floats their boat eh? I like science fiction, fantasy, horror, high adventure, narrative mechanics, sword and sorcery, blood and tits, history, politics, the clash of magic/faith and science and a while bunch of other stuff. I’m going to do things that I find fun, because that’s the best and only guide I have., Leading on from this, we were late again submitting the books to the Electoral Commission and the Party was fined as a result. This should not have happened as it could have been avoided and has cost the Party money. It is another indication that the accounting side of things needs scrutiny and overhaul., Yes, of course it did raise a smile and there are many humorous angles you can bring to this. Youtube footage of Afghan parliamentarian Naeem Lalay Hameedzai trading machine-gun fire with the Taliban (analytical disclaimer: or Haqqani, or HIG) during the insurgent attack on Parliament during the 15th April complex attacks. And drinking his tea during the lull in fighting. And I’m sure there is an element of newly discovered Afghan popular pride at MPs actively and directly defending democracy. And I wonder how many MPs prefer this kind of solution – or at least understand it better than negotiation and compromise?, But Hartlepool JPs threw out the case as they could not prove the mess belonged to Elliott., "Indeed, there are close ties between the Soviet Union and the South African Communist Party, which, to a great extent, controls the ANC. Such influence began as early as 1917, the USSR now being very active in 10 Southern African nations: Namibia, Angola, Bothswana, Zimbabwe, Malawi, Lesotho, Swaziland, Mozambique, Zambia, and South Africa. Soviet activity, of course, often assumes covert forms. The Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU), for instance, formed near the end of 1985, actually is a new front for the ANC...." (South Africa and the Marxist Movement: A Study in Double Standards, Panos Bardis, p. 101), Then it was on to the Paramount for lunch and a meeting with one of my all-time heroes, Monty Python's Terry Jones. The restaurant is on the 32nd floor of Centrepoint - that huge tower block at the junction of Oxford Street and Charing Cross Road - and, even in the muggy sunshine, the views were breathtaking. Rather like the wasabi spray in fact., A person’s outlook on life is determined by the values they live up to, which is influenced by the information they receive through the experiences they have and what they allow into their minds. The subject of marriage nowadays is practically the equivalent of dating! The world teaches more and more how its purpose is meaningless. Why would that be so? The only reason is because of how lightly divorce is taken! The world is in direct opposition to the Word of God. God teaches that marriage is important (Genesis 2:24; Ephesians 5:22-33; Colossians 3:18-19) and that divorce is not (Matthew 19:3-9). Now the Scripture I would love to emphasize here is Malachi 2:16:, -Beijing Normal University, To combat this difficult allergy season this spring plus truly make your homes clean, consumers should consider a deeper cleaning twice a year by the professionals at Stanley Steemer., He said the transition to democracy could be rightly described as a "boardroom revolution", to the exclusion of the poor., Imagine finding your first love, only to be ripped apart by the apocalypse. Peyton Anderson will never forget the day she was forced to make a choice–between her family–and Chris Parker, the boy she’d given her heart. Now, four years later, as she steps from the fallout shelter and into a dead and broken world, he’s the only thing on her mind., 2 pouring, You may not use a variation of the word; it needs to be exactly as stated above., Done! It’s that simple. Once you’ve claimed your freebie, feel free to look around. You will still have your $10 credit and free shipping either way, as the freebie does not count as your first purchase. Use them today; use them in a few days… Doesn’t matter – it’s up to you., Critics of iridology, however, argue that iridology can be detrimental to health if a sick person delays treatment for a condition not suggested by the iridology reading; or that it can can cause anguish and unnecessary expense if a reading suggests a problem when there actually is none., 8. Sam Rockwell, The chairman of the Trade Union Congress, Mr. Francis Oladele on behalf of the TUC and NLC, commended the governor for his administration’s welfare programmes. He also added that in the last two years of this administration, the workers in Osun State have benefited so much from the welfare programmes of the Governor., Other than the characters, Morgan does an excellent job setting up the scenery and his writing is solid. It isn't bogged down with unnecessary information or descriptions and flows wonderfully. I read this book in two sittings, although I know that if I didn't have to be up early the next day I would have kept on reading straight through the night. It was that good!, She pushed the dead-again Donna Westmoreland out of the doorway with the flat of her foot, huffed briefly from the effort and then lightly puffed the wispy white hair atop her head back into its usual spherical shape. She stepped out into the hall, leaving Dale alone., Henry Roth (1906-1995) wrote novels that were always a literary event when published. He’s perhaps best known for Call It Sleep (1934), but he was always highly regarded. Now, fifteen years after his passing, another novel, An American Type, has been published ($25.95, W.W. Norton). Set in 1938, it tells the story of his alter ego, Ira Stigman, who at 32 years of age is standing, in his words, “at the portentous crossroads of maturity.” His first novel has been published to wide acclaim and he is doted upon and provided for by an older women, the alter ego of Eda Lou Walton who was Roth’s lover at the time. In the novel, Ira is experiencing the angst of initial success and keeps re-writing the first pages of a second novel. His relationship with his lover feels like a Faustian contract he’ll never escape, and he is terrified of what stretches out before him. Written in the years before his death, this is a wonderful look inside the life of authors to whom success has come swiftly and unexpectedly. Fans of Roth will enjoy this along with anyone who wants a look inside the life of novelists who must draw on their own lives for inspiration. It is funny, touching, and a lot of fun to read., Now if you are itching to harvest something, then you are not completely out of luck. If you have asparagus in your garden give it a check, as some of the Ontario asparagus is starting to come ready. Generally you can begin harvesting asparagus three years after it is planted, so if you have been waiting patiently, get out there now! Some of your perennial herbs might be big enough to flavour your meals with, like chives, oregano or perhaps even the thyme. Also keep an eye on the rhubarb patch, as it will be ready sooner than you think. And for those of you that are out there weeding dandelions from your yard, why not keep a handful to bring into the kitchen. It is chock full of vitamins A, B complex, C and D, plus contains iron, potassium and zinc. You can add the leaves into your salad, turn the flowers into wine or make a tea out of the leaves or roots. Not quite certain that you are ready to take that step? Why not try this recipe from Southern Food., Step#4 – Once you are registered with some companies keep an eye out for jobs that interest you. When I started I took on any and every job that came across my email inbox. After awhile I started to realize some jobs were fun and worth my time, while others….eh, not so much. Make sure you read the guidelines before accepting a job. How much time do you have to commit? If a purchase is necessary, how much is it and can you afford it while waiting to be reimbursed? How long will it take to get reimbursed?… Etc., If youtube is blocked in our classroom watch this video:, 1) Elwood published no-name writers of questionable worth - A cursory glance of the contents of Elwood's titles does not bear this out. Considering his titles which were aimed at an adult audience, each book boasts 65-75% or more material from authors who well either well-established at the time or were readily creating names for themselves within the field. We may quibble over whether this material represented the authors at their best, but it is entirely disingenuous to insinuate that Elwood purchased stories from hacks., Let's see... Ty is currently applying for other jobs. He's applying in Alaska as well as here in Bellingham. He applied at a Jewelers amongst other things. Good timing if he gets that, Christmas sales will be up., Other recommendations include the saganaki, the go³¹bki (cabbage leaf stuffed with rice, veal and vegetables – above), lamb croquettes and the Russian style chicken stroganoff. But the winner of all of this is the Blintzes. They’re absolute heaven on a fork, with smoked salmon, sour cream and fresh herbs ($16), I think this outfit worked great so I could go on one awesome date with the hubs doing this:, I took my exam in Austin at a brewpub, proctored by another Texas Certified Cicerone™, with a coworker of mine. We had been sharing information and encouraging one another in anticipation of the exam. That afternoon we carpooled and shared last minute thoughts. We found ourselves the only two people taking the exam, but somehow I was at ease, confident. This was the biggest, longest, most involved test I have ever taken. When I took the ACT the one semester I went to college, I had multiple choice. This was all short answer and essays. There were certainly some questions I did not know the answers to, but I flew through the written portion thirsty for the opportunity to identify diacetyl and oxidation during the tasting portion. When I finished, I turned it in, said a silent prayer to Ninkasi, and hoped like hell that I didn't have my head up my ass., a cooler white looks fresh (whereas a warm white would look dingy)., Panorama stories that Poienile izei area, welcome visitors, hide valuable natural resources and ancient traditions, whose values <U+200B><U+200B>and applications to be discovered, If one of these ideas will help you, let me know by leaving a comment below., Three decades later, the bombing of Church Street in the South African capital of Pretoria took place on the 20th of May 1983, although it only killed 19 people it injured 217, many of whom left horrifically maimed for life. The South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission identified two of the heroes of the anti-Apartheid struggle Oliver Tambo and Joe Slovo as being primarily responsible for the bombing, however, in his autobiography “The long walk to Freedom” Nelson Mandela, who although in prison at the time, remained the head of the African National Congress (ANC) freely admits that he knew of the planned bombing in advance and “signed it off”., and fresh herbs. The grannadilla is putting out new flowers., And then, despair to be fought., A Day in the Life of a Fool, NOTE: This recipe makes 12 cupcakes. And it really does make 12! Fill your cups only 1/2 full, as this batter rises quite a bit. When I divided the batter between only 10 muffin cups, I had several that rose over the sides of the cups way too much. If you're like me, you'll feel like there's not enough batter to stretch to 12 cupcakes ... but there really is., Written by Twisted Ideas, You anti-Whites ONLY demand this be done to EVERY White country and ONLY White countries. You are demanding and justifying the GENOCIDE of my people., Or they might ask for separate checks when they had the exact same things., In a large bowl, cream butter and brown sugar until pale and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating after each until fully incorporated. Mix in vanilla extract. Add flour mixture to wet ingredients in 3 batches, alternating with 1/2 of the buttermilk, stirring after each until everything is combined., Ananias may have been afraid as he approached the house in which Saul of Tarsus was staying. But his confidence in the Lord overshadowed the fears of the flesh. So it is when you and I take God at His word for, The advantage of this is that he generally included vocabulary lists and comments on the poems he sent to her (her German was far from fluent) - sometimes complete literal French versions - which gives one a kind of authorial double-focus on each of the poems: very useful in the case of a poet so famously "difficult" as Celan., Leoben can sometimes be seen as Kara’s conscience, however, he abuses her to no end especially on New Caprica. Apparently, each thing he does or says to her is to lead her to her ‘destiny’. Trapping her in a mock apartment, making her pretend that she’s his wife, kidnapping a kid and convincing her it’s her child…he does so much crap to her over the entire series, it’s unbelievable., The wretch, concentred all in self,, can douse the flames, Pique's got that stupid grin because we're going to the final, duh!, I am now on to my third movie, the latest Mission Impossible movie. Another great thing about the site is you can bookmark any part of the movie, and come and pick up where you left off. Great for me, as I am always doing a million different things. So thank you David woodbridge, thank you Vision Australia, thank you Google, thank you mostly Samnet. Technology has now given me back something that God has taken away from me! my ability and enjoyment of watching movies!, If this were a soccer match I think Spain would easily have the advantage, but rock? The odds gotta be with the Danish...well...except these are some damn fine Spanish bands., Hope you are finally enjoying good weather., - Cross-grain leather lining, I don't think I could pick just ten if my life depended on it so I'm not going to think about this one too hard and I'm going to note that I'll probably miss a lot of my favorites too. So in no particular order, here is a representation of some of my favorite characters., So, the Target settee won out. I had it in our entryway, then moved it to the area under our stairs for now. I could also envision it at our breakfast table, at the end of our bed, or in our sitting room (it's so versatile I reasoned with my husband). It photographed more grey, but the Target picture is a better representation of it's true color- has more slate blue in it., Once we get out into the light, we are recognized and sent around the house to the front lawn. There we find Angus, on his side, unresponsive, our Zulu Dr and another Dr at his side. The heart monitor is already attached, a new drip running full speed. I ask the doctor for an update. He informs me that Angus collapsed, and glances at the monitor. One look and my worst fears are realized. The rhythm is very abnormal, with an Inverted “T” wave, typically found with a Heart Attack. I look at the Blood Pressure monitor – More bad news, it reads 80 / 40. The oxygen mask is already on, with all holes masked up to try and increase the concentration of Oxygen delivered to Angus. I have seen this many times before. I know what happens next., But our commitment to getting up and on the road was justified as we rolled into the car park of the Cannop Cycle Centre at just after 9:30. Already busy and brimming with fellow mountain bikers we found ourselves a space at the end of the car park and set about unloading and necking down the important early morning coffee courtesy of the cafe., The SA defense Force will not be our problem as they would not deploy the Army against the whites, they would not have the time. The Army would be deployed against the rebels, but many whites would be caught in the crossfire. It may start out as a war against whites, but that will not last long, because they are going to turn on themselves almost as soon as they started the fight. The rebel groups will be our greatest threat, vigilante and opportunistic anti-white criminal gangs, they will run rampant in the streets and shoot anything that moves, rape and do the most horrendous things to people, groups of drunk drugged common criminals and mass-murderers with machine guns and pangas., Even though I wasn’t much interested at first in most aspects of modern American history, in grad school I had become fascinated with the impact of war on the American homefront. Once I started my teaching career, I continued to read about how the Civil War, World Wars I and II, and the Korean conflict had affected those Americans who had not fought in them and even included some of that in my APUSH course. Since I had experienced at least some of Vietnam’s impact on the homefront first-hand, I felt that there was a lecture there as well, but I also knew that I couldn’t write it until I understood better how we’d gotten involved in the conflict in the first place., A program can not be limited with a linear sequence of code. There have to be some repetition of same code for particular number of times. To make this repetition we use control structures in all languages mostly., assalamualaikum, salaaaam sejahteraaa, kepada anda semua moga bahagiaaaa~, The April 27 super-cell storm spawned an estimated 312 tornadoes, breaking the previous record of 148 set in 1974 by more than 210 percent (164 more twisters)., So what do you have to do??!!, light the flying, ya know.. but other than that.., I admit, it is a bit strange. I mean, how do all these artists that live here get their “art supply on”? The sad truth is, we’re in competition with the likes of Dick Blick and Michael’s. Hell, we’re all in competition with the Dick Blicks and Michael’s stores of the world – with Amazon and Barnes & Noble (although those two got smart and tag-teamed us so we don’t even know the difference anymore). Seems fitting, doesn’t it? It is the digital, information age after all., I contacted Diane through a Craigslist ad for her wreaths because they looked like just what I was looking for at a great price. Through various correspondence, Diane agreed to come and decorate our home with fresh greens in exchange for a review. Let me tell you right off the bat, she is fantastic and I truly love what she did in our home., Burbage said that a new museum in Franklin, Tenn., wanted the flag, as well, and offered twice what South Carolina paid for it., All totaled, my six self-pubbed novels have sold over 235,000 copies on Kindle. And I made twice as much money per copy sold as I did on my legacy ebooks., honest and fair,, Meantime, quick recap., The death you deserve,, I lost him, he made me loose him., There were no more signs of the mouse the next day, neither inside nor outside., The Measly Subtraction, Still only 24, Messi is already Barça’s leading scorer in official games with 248 goals, beating César Rodríguez’s 60-year-old record of 232 in March when he also became the first player to score five in a Champions League match., (This article could make a good wedding card stuffer), Ms Learoyd added: “Fostering is a great way for people to have the enjoyment of being around youngsters whilst helping us out in the short-term. Just like teenagers, these young horses need experience of life, a day to day routine and a guiding hand. Being a fosterer is a really rewarding experience. You can see these youngsters’ personalities change and develop as they grow.”, Daddy: A warm fire in the fireplace (It was our first wood fire of the season! It was so cozy & made the house smell so nice!), I am the youngest of 3 girls. We would all three be in the back seat with our one thing that we were allowed to bring along to entertain ourselves., V/A - The Decline of Western Civilization (Slash 1980, comp with Black Flag, Germs, Catholic Discipline...yellow label), The Bureau of Internal Revenue has filed charges against Ang Galing Party-list Rep. Mikey Arroyo and wife, Angela Montenegro for their alleged failure to remit 73.85 million pesos in taxes to the government. But Mikey’s lawyer, Ruy Rondain explains the BIR should have given his client ample time to reply. After all, it’s not that easy to produce fake receipts., And so I sucked it in, mustered the courage to enter the netherworld of the internet. And there they were, oodles of tom-dick-and-harries, awaiting their turn for a come-hither wink from a lonesome, crotchety old woman who may or may not give it up after a nervous respite to include perhaps three dinners, two movies and a hand-holding session on the couch. Short ones tall ones black ones brown ones…mostly glassy-eyed white pricks rubbing their well-oiled bottoms on their banana-seated harleys, tickling their big doggy tummies, exposing their wolfy teeth to the women of the netherworld., EDIT: Holy moly! I just watched this again and now I know why people are cheering in the background at 2:23. They’re seeing the freaking aurora borealis!! I have never seen it in Oregon! What incredible luck for the cinematographers. (And not for me! grumble grumble), 1.How are you dressed?, and I want you to forever be mine, beneath flagrant fingers, Saturday. Decided to do a little detective work. Headed over to the hospital and queued up at the front desk to ask about visitor's hours. The nurse told me they'd just started., I had no idea, no concept, that this trip would change my life, and that what would happen in Tunisia would change the course of history in the Arab World., Love love Japanese desserts! Some fresh fruits, a mochi like cake and a sesame custard with blueberries. So delicate and refined!, I think that this was probably two coats with some sort of top coat. I don't usually mind the weird Borghese brush, but I had difficulties with the formula. It was such a thick cream that even brand new, it just wanted to goop., Pacific Asia Museum is located at 46 North Los Robles Avenue, Pasadena, California 91101. The museum is open Wednesday through Sunday from 10 am to 6 pm. Admission is $9 general, $7 students/seniors, and free for museum members and children under 12. Admission is free every 4th Friday of the month., Even if you fall sometimes, 3And they sung as it were a new song before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the elders: and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand, which were redeemed from the earth., these eyes are darker, duller, downcast, waiting for the next blow., Gasp!!! (oh the beauty), Published with Blogger-droid v1.6.9, Therefore, through all your efforts, dedicated to that, taking support of that, adore that master of the Universe (vis’vEs’a), and then you will attain moksha.”, I Want to be Your Happiness – Wreckless Eric & Amy Rigby, laughing at nothing, Well in this blog it’s my turn to play the cyber version of TDCPoR., But this has not been inevitable. We do not have to live as if we are alone., The median age among California's whites is 44, while the median age for the Hispanic population is 28, according to the study., Go out into the street,, Lastly, pat yourself on the back. Indulge. Learn from your mistakes and be original. Writing is a craft and it takes a lot of practice. It is not baking, so leave those cookie cutters at home and take a walk on the wild side., I know I'm a sporadic blogger but sometimes the thought has crossed my mind that I only bought something because it would be something to show on my blog. And I wonder how many other bloggers are thinking in the same way., Gillian Anderson as MI7 Agent Pamela Thornton, Head of MI7 and she is kind of strict person in this movie. You can see very awkward expression from her in this movie because Johnny English strangle her mum while having a meeting inside at her house, and Johnny save her life at the end of story., In January, Ennahda organised the visit of Gaza-based Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh. When he arrived at Tunis-Carthage airport, a group of salafists within the crowd shouted: "Kill the Jews! It's our religious duty!" as an official party waited to greet him. A statement issued later said: "Ennahda condemns these slogans, which contradict the spirit of Islam, and considers that they were uttered by a fringe group aiming to undermine Ennahda's activities and tarnish its image.", *watches Lord Of The Rings*, I am constantly saying all the foods I would like to include more of in our diet. When we first got married, I would ask Drew on almost a daily basis if he had eaten any fruit because I felt it was my wifely duty to make sure he got a well-balanced menu., Chorizo, Curly Kale & Potatoes, 3 tablespoons orange juice concentrate, thawed, 20 seconds later I'm alone under the deep sky, taking a long breath before it exhales again. On Sycamore Street my footsteps sound like gunshots. I am the violence in the night., How to become a refreshing Leader:, Once again, we are dealing with ambiguity as to where the actual seat of the kingdom is located. Verse 27 doesn’t do anything for us in an absolute manner for establishing where the kingdom will be. “See the above point as to why “under the heavens” does not have to refer to the location of kingdom, but rather the realm of the kingdom., And seeing as, when I went to the pub for a rare treat just eight weeks ago (and I can’t believe the last time I went to a pub was two months ago), I was surprised to find I hadn’t got enough cash on me for more than a couple of pints, so it seems the pub visit will become, like a dodgy French burger, even rarer., The question "what is that?" is an imposition of meaning from some other viewpoint. "Essence," the "essential nature," is something perspective and already presupposes a multiplicity. At the bottom of it there always lies "what is that for me?" (for us, for all that lives, etc.), Really though, if I didn't point it out then you'd be the none the wiser that I cocked up and it wasn't 100% perfect would you. And does it matter? Not at all. Little Bun loves it and has worn it all day and plans to wear it tommorow too. I think she looks gorgeous in it and now I can't wait to get going on Miss Rosey's skirt., So go forth and share your work. (And once you do, leave me a link in the comments!), Although doctor’s are more inclined to stick to traditional non-online methods than other interested customers, the ever-widening generational gap for healthcare workers brings more people online. Medical devices are no longer becoming stand-alone, as an increasing number of machines are utilizing laptops and PC’s to enhance the potential and capability of medical devices. EKG’s can be viewed and printed on bigger laptop screens, data can be transmitted wirelessly through the internet. The list goes on. Although a significant portion of doctor’s may prefer to keep their practice as technology-free as possible, the younger generation is rising up and embracing the courtship of medical device and computer/internet technologies., The big change, for me, going from being a writer to an author is the amount of “work” I have to put in. Before writing was my hobby so I wrote when I had a spare moment or when I felt like it, (which, if you talk to my family, was all the time). Now, when I write, I’m writing to fill a deadline or to advance to the next thing., I am hopeful..., each and every cell in my body, People who do not do this are self focused only and should be dumped immediately b/c they are not interested in their partners feelings. I find there are two types of people who handle flirting from other men and women in two different ways., Notes: These should be all out efforts. Keep track of each round and if there is greater than a +/- 5 second differential between any round there is a 25 Burpee penalty., A place for you to help an abused senior. Get help, report, or just ask questions about abuse and our elderly. You can save a life! Make that call., 8. Philadelphia, Works, When we made our way into the Cour Napoleon, known for its steel and glass pyramid, a few more people were tempting the post-storm night, most of them setting up cameras to capture the emptiness. We strolled among them, marveling how just hours ago this space had belonged to thousands who crowded through it and now it belonged to so few., The moon is high and full tonight, for a minute you stand there confused. and then it hits you. your baby has just farted directly in your face., Thus the arms of God are open to the utmost to receive all who will come to seek refuge., When it comes to using these technologies with each family member, the frequency and depth varies. I think with mothers and daughters, it is very important to communicate as often as possible. This all depends upon the relationship between the mother and daughter but, mothers are more likely to be worried about their children when they are apart. So sending a short text to mom everyday just to let her know you are alive is caring and nice. Next, Fathers, this one becomes complicated, as I have still not even found the balance of communication with my dad. In studies it is said that communication with your father raises self esteem and academic performance. So communication less often with dad is not necessarily a bad thing, but it is definitely important to communicate with him period. Lastly, brothers and sisters were with you through your childhood, but what happens when you both inevitably move away? No matter what kind of relationship you may have with your sibling(s), they are more of a friend than any other family member. They are closer in age, usually, and have a similar mind set to you. But what you might not have considered is the change that occurs when you or a sibling goes to college. To understand this change can help you when you contact them or vice versa., One of the giveaways of black racists nowadays is their calls for a conversation about race. The last thing in the world that racists like Nita Hanson, Roland Martin, Eric Holder or “Barack Obama” want is a conversation about race. They want to lecture whites, and get outraged whenever a white refuses to play the role they have assigned him as a white Uncle Tom or, in this case, white Aunt Jemima., * Heat a non stick pan, pour a ladleful of batter, cook until bubbles appear on top, drizzle with melted butter, sprinkle with sugar and peanut. Continue cooking until the bottom turns golden brown. Fold into half..., Mix together all the ingredients under “eggs” in a bowl and move the content into a pot. Place the pot on a low heat. Keep mixing the egg content as you heat it. Cook the eggs until it will look like the photo above. Actually you don’t want to burn it as shown in the photo… Don’t leave the pot like I did!, 2: SHIRLEY & LEE - Together We Stand, He didn’t. In fact, it’s quite the opposite: he’s actually put out seven really good albums over the last five years alone. And yet it feels like he’s disappeared right out there in the open. You would think with so many people lamenting the alleged Death of Hip-Hop that a legend like KRS-One would get recognized for dropping a few instant classics over the last several years., Food freedom looks like eating broccoli and pickles at midnight. It looks like eating cookies and popsicles for breakfast. It looks like taking one bite of a (usually beloved) marshmallow and throwing out the rest because it's too sweet at that moment. It looks like eating six packets of fruit snacks in twenty minutes. It looks like opening 16 packages of Fun Dip all at once and using the dip sticks made of sugar to make the Empire State Building (instead of eating them) while watching James and the Giant Peach., I am no financial guru. Like many in my generation, I have lived for today, and never trusted anyone over 30. (I still can’t accept that that group now includes me.) Saving for tomorrow was boring, old school, and the future would take care of itself., Yes, that’s where my mind went. I’ve never been so scared in my life., on a spectacular late summer day., Yeah, Bryce basically spent all night gluing about a hundred cherry bombs together. Now, I'm no legal expert, but I'm pretty sure what he did probably would have qualified him as some kind of terrorist nowadays., Awhile after finishing L.A. Noire, I returned to check out its side-quests -- called street crime cases -- and my original suspicions were confirmed. Street crime cases play to all of L.A. Noire's weaknesses. Removed from the context of an ongoing investigation, its mediocre chases and gunfights are cast under a harsh new light. They're not altogether awful, but L.A. Noire is probably better experienced without them., A part of me starts to feel whole again, At each stage, Huhne and his co-authors write, the opponents of the euro have forecast disasters which have in fact never happened and which always looked most unlikely … the Euro-sceptics constantly underestimated the competence of the Europeans and their ability to organise things properly., Her mom ignored her apology and brought the rest of the food to the table., The door to his office was open and you could hear the great American classicist Norman O. Brown chewing out an undergrad: "You don't have the courage to drop out of school!", 32) Do you want to dance? No? NO! i said you look fat in those pants!, I loved that book;, As the dude from Cheers says in Spice World: “HAVEN’T THEY SUFFERED ENOUGH???”, So what CAN you do to prevent stress or alleviate it once it’s happened? Firstly, you need to recognize the symptoms of stress which sometimes can be very subtle., 10. La Ragazza Del Padre (01:45), Happy Birthday Ray and Al!!!!!, Lele giggled like regina, she is SLOW like regina, she ate as slow as Regina, she dresses as cute as Regina did and she and Gabriel got along just like Regina and Gabriel did- TElling each other stupid and silly things. And to see Gabriel take good care of her was just heartwarming. I have never seen Gabriel care for ANYONE else like she did care for Lele., Before I go any further into the boycott issue, I just want to comment on this throwaway paragraph inserted without further comment or any reaction from the Israeli side:, Me: We're expecting a girl. We already know it's a girl, because we've had her karyotype done. From the karyotype, we also know she'll have Down syndrome., Lift Your Head Up!, Serve with any of the following or none of the following: blueberry sauce, maple syrup or golden syrup, whipped cream, powdered sugar, fresh berries., ‘Darling, is everything alright?’, PG&E Corporation, Alternative Energy, Deals By Sector, 2006 to YTD 2012 9, She washes the lust off of her body, Other scams are N40 Billion airport remodelling programme, her per, The authorities have been unable to assess the extent of damage caused by the disaster as most parts of the villages are buried in the mud avalanche., So I wrote it down, crunched the numbers. The below image talks about one entry for each game:, In the meantime, I had planned to go walking with a friend,, 2. …, “Accordingly we, all of the members of the Democratic caucus, while committed to working with you where appropriate, we cannot and will not consider any bonding proposal in the County of Nassau today, tomorrow or during our term, until a binding agreement is reached on independent, non-partisan redistricting that can be approved by a supermajority of the Legislature. Once we have that agreement and commence with an appropriate but expeditious process, we assure you that we will begin a fair assessment of responsible bonding requests.”, here I am, as I promised.. hosting my first international giveaway..., However, magistrate Rick Moore ruled that officers were likely to have been alarmed by the defendant's words., of worlds being, As we were having this conversation, I was reminded of the phrase "there's no use crying over spilled milk." As parents, we always have choices. When a child spills milk, we can choose a lot of different reactions. We may get angry and decide to yell and scream, frightening and intimidating the child for their careless, wasteful behavior. We may also choose to stand over them and make them clean it up. I have to think that the only thing this leaves the child with is a sense of fear and hurt - nothing is gained, and nothing is learned except "I think I need to avoid making any more mistakes or Daddy will yell." Of course, we could also try to guilt route, and choose to moan about the inconvenience they have caused us, how now there is no milk for US, and how OUR money was just wasted all over the floor. Our kids are likely to feel shamed, saddened, and disrespected. After all, there's no milk left for them, either., According to US One Direction's lawyer Peter Ross, Cowell’s company should have known better than to bring the UK band to America as One Direction, since he claims UK One Direction was made aware of the US One Direction when it attempted to file its US trade mark application. He is quoted in numerous sources as saying 'Rather than change their name or do anything to avoid confusion or avoid damage to our goodwill, they chose to press ahead and come on their tour'. As proof of the confusion, US One Direction pointed to a recent segment on NBC's Today Show where the UK One Direction was shown, but accompanied accidentally by music from the US One Direction., He actually tells you WHAT thoughts to think of and imagine in your 'minds eye'., the consciousness of a victor. I know who I am and I walk in the consciousness, why . . . the best buddy, of course!, There are monsters on these streets, My printer ink came in and it was only $13 for black and color refills via Amazon. I have not had ink in 3 months!, Since we're designing our own pizza, I decided to go all out. I had Gorgonzola cheese, eggplant, and Italian Sausage. So let's see, cheese - check, veggie - check, meat - check., Cosmic Stars drape their bodies like a Mystic-cloak of the Eternal..., Elvira - The Mistress of the Dark, P raise can do alone., Impossible things are happening every day!”, When Mr du Plessis informed the couple that they were to vacate the property, as he had intentions of renovating the home for his two sons, they apparently refused. According to Mr du Plessis, the couple were arrogant., It appears that Levine is a fellow booklover, which is part of what makes this book pleasurable to read. Books by booklovers usually are. She speculates that "in many towns Barnes & Noble, with its upholstered armchairs, shiny mahogany tables, and endlessly replenished shelves, has become the new public library" (p, 97) with the exception "of course, that you have to buy something to use it, and these endless shelves contain only the books a marketing person considers saleable". Frankly, I fail to see the distinction. Barnes & Noble do allow you to browse without purchasing (you simply can't "borrow" outside the story - but you definitely don't need to buy to use their facilities), and a library too contains only "saleable" books - after all, a publisher won't publish it if it's not saleable, and a library won't buy it if it's unlikely to be in demand by borrowers. I don't know the situation in America, but in Australia, many so-called public libraries charge you for use. One in the suburb I used to live in had a joining fee. I refused, storming out rather pompously on the grounds that this was not a gymnasium. Upon discussing such matters with Neko-chan yesterday, I discovered that her local library charges patrons an outrageous $2.50 per item put on hold. Note that this is not for new books ordered in, but merely to reserve a book already in stock but borrowed out. Filthy! Of course, I do not blame libraries for this. It's plain to anyone that libraries are not flush with money, splashing around great wads of cash on marble bookshelves, gilt edging for the paperbacks, and flatscreen TVs advertising the latest acquisitions. Hell, most libraries I frequent now don't even have the money to cover their books, it seems. They simply don't receive adequate funding., Gemma xx, Gregory: who else is going to be arrested?, 3. Hardware: Iron knobs (81EUP6 and 81EUP7) and backplates (92U86 and 92U87); White Chapel Ltd.., Let me not forget to mention - she also has the head of a bull. I’ve discovered this wench will take an ass-whippin’ without a care in the world - if it means having a good time with her own “ bucket list. “, “What on earth for?” I asked., Isn't this why people have kids?, 1180 D-II/26/1994. “J. William Hayton (1926-1994).” Memorial Service, First Presbyterian Church, Evanston, Illinois. See Item D-III/17/1962, above. See, also, John A. Murley, Robert L. Stone, and William T. Braithwaite, eds., Law and Philosophy: The Practice of Theory (Athens, Ohio: Ohio University Press, 1992), p. iv., The email has been met with confusion from manufacturers who believe the Diamond Jubilee and London 2012 provide a unique nationwide marketing opportunity for their products. One supplier said: ‘There was a stunned silence in the office when the email landed because it makes absolutely no sense., Without doubt we are set to encounter scenes of devastation and heartbreak on an unprecedented scale.This cyclone is like nothing that we have ever deal t with before as a nation... the next 24 hours I think are going to be very, very tough ones for everyone.", Dear More Experienced Card Bloggers,, I used the same basic layout for a 5.5 inch square card as I did last week. I added 2 different designer papers in pink and green, and a strip of turquoise over which I added a sheer white ribbon., the rise of her breasts, We are too much persuaded that we are the solid ones, and the internet is the home of ephemerality., 6.- One great obstacle is the want of self-control on the part of the parents. If you don’t have self-control, then your children won’t either., On Day 2 we met Grant's sisters, the other bridesmaids, for lunch at Olive Garden before heading over to David's Bridal to try on dresses. I love some soup, salad, and bread sticks! Cheap and delicious!!, FYI I am wearing my Barton Creek Golf baseball cap and my beer Lao t-shirt., Poovey, however, who knew Facts as well as anyone, said Facts' demise is undoubtedly factual., Ahead, the canal turned slowly North towards the brow above Federas. Rel blinked, squinting against the wind. There were three - four? No, five - women coming his way along the path. Four wore stout travelling dresses in brown and green, but the fifth looked to be wearing purple. An odd group, and an odd time to be leaving Federas, with the trap awaiting Van Raighan still unsprung. Unless they’d been lucky and he’d come early. Or something had gone wrong., It's not wrong, but it's not a natural way of speaking. I enjoy children's stories because of the rhythm., These forms of treatments are based upon beliefs that differ from the disease concept favored by Western medicine. What is referred to as illness by Western medicine is considered in traditional Chinese medicine to be a matter of disharmony or imbalance., “I am seeing an indication of an incoming inquiry. It looks like some sort of a trace exercise. I need to see where the signal is coming from”., Walk 4.4mph or slower 1 minute, Run 6.7mph 1 minute, Theresa May, Britain’s appalling Home Secretary, may be a bigot, but she is an incompetent bigot, as the latest furore over Abu Qatada demonstrates. When the Jerusalem Post, today a right-wing Zionist rag (before the Zionist crook Conrad Black took over it was a liberal paper in Israeli terms) reprinted a piece by Raed Salah, deliberately inserting anti-Semitic comments that he hadn’t made, this was picked up by the CST, whose main purpose is to harass Jewish anti-Zionists and pay its senior staff 5 figure salaries. Theresa May in turn quoted the CST, a body with close contacts to both the British Police and Israeli secret state., Without the image of God continually before us, other images, even physical ones, become the priority. In other words, although physical idolatry may not be committed, spiritual idolatry occurs if other images come before the image of God, so that when we look we do not see God. This is how almost the entire world lives: without seeing God in the world., David & I did contemplate getting "plugged in" again. We even went so far as to set up an appointment to have everything hooked up again. Then I pushed the install date back another 3 weeks, to think over it some more... & last week, David finally said, "No, let's not do it again." We've realized it's not a huge deal to us anymore, since we have access in other ways. I check my email on my cell phone... he can get online at work... & on days like today, when the kids & I need an internet fix :-) we just come to the local library, where we can all surf at the same time to get it out of our system - & all for free, of course., The last thing I want to talk about with The Stand is also related to the characters. I debated for a while whether or not I should bring this up, as it will be in some ways jumping ahead in the journey. But then I decided that, when it comes right down to it, I have read several (most) of King’s works already, and despite intentions or desires, one simply cannot experience something for the first time twice. This fact was particularly evident while reading The Stand, and not just because the story was familiar throughout, but also because I’ve seen the mini-series, twice. Somewhere along the way, I remember reading King discussing the idea of making his Dark Tower series into a movie. King mentioned that he was hesitant to do that because once you make a movie out of a book, people get an actor in their mind when they think of a character, and will associate that character with the actor, and he didn’t necessarily want that done with the characters in the Dark Tower books. This idea manifested itself while I was reading The Stand this time, as I totally pictured the actors from the movie all throughout when I was reading the book. Now, on the one hand, that’s not necessarily a bad thing, as it sort of gives you a distinct mental picture while reading. But, I have discovered one of the down sides to this. That being that actors don’t stop making movies. They will continue to work and play other characters. Sometimes, they may even go on to star in a television show where they portray a single character a lot….. so much so that when you think of that actor, you will think of that character (can anyone who is a fan of The Office ever really watch anything with Steve Carell without thinking, at least a little bit, of Michael Scott?). This can be quite hindering when you are reading a book, like The Stand, and you are reading about one of your favorite characters, Nick, a young deaf mute who is probably one of the best characters in the book. Well, when I was reading the parts with Nick, I couldn’t help but think about Rob Lowe, who portrayed Nick in the mini-series. Now, Rob Lowe did a fantastic job as Nick, however, more recently Rob Lowe has also done a fantastic job of portraying Chris Traeger on the show Parks and Recreation. Now, I love Rob’s character on that show, I think he plays it wonderfully. For those of you who don’t watch the show, he plays a character that is pretty narcissistic, hyper, health obsessed, and speaks very fast. It’s a great character. However, it is not what I want to be picturing in my head while I’m trying to think about Nick Andros. However, I couldn’t help myself. Because of the mini-series, when I think of Nick, I think of Rob Lowe, and due to Parks and Recreations, when I think of Rob Lowe, I think of Chris Traeger. Now, all this is not to say that books should not be adapted into movies or TV shows or anything like that. This is just a potential negative that can happen when you start assigning characters in a book to a face in real life that also happens to play other characters., falls from the sky, In needing a bit of a 'cheer up', I chose to create in bold bright colours... and pink with purple offers quite the bold contrast! I have coloured with Glaze and Glitter pens, while leaving most of the image stark white. The card has been created with layers of decorative papers on a white cardbase... and the striped paper is flocked... it's so lovely to touch! Please visit my personal blog for more details of my card shown here, and my SNB creations.... you're always welcome!, “The concentration of heavy metal, the concentration of mine residue in Sudbury sludge is way higher than it would be (elsewhere),” Gelinas said., Here's how the next month went (by the way, Jenny was involved in all of this, too):, Although she probably doesn’t even know it, the person most responsible for my undying appreciation of all things edible and insatiable hunger for new food adventures, is my best friend’s mother, Annie., The park is now used by the locals and tourists, with the zoo (Bioparc), sports fields, playgrounds, concert hall, The City of Arts and Sciences, the Sea-aquarium and as a place to relax, picnic and be outside., To college that is...., Let’s see., Showing dogs has taught me deal with arbitrary rules and regulations. Dog show can be rules are pretty silly an useless. In a particular draft dog test, a dog can fail an entire test for moving their feet during the greet a stranger exercise. Yes, a dog could simply fail for shuffling their feet. Seems silly, but rules are rules. In competitive obedience, the handler is only allowed to give the dog one command. No where in practical life would you only give a dog a single command, but again, those are the rules. In dog shows, changing rules and regulations takes years, and by the time a rule has been changed, your dog has passed prime show time. I typically follow rules I don't agree with, but as is life., The forces on the Good side were 24 warriors of Minas Tirith (8 spear and shield, 8 archers, 8 sword and shield). On the Evil side, we used 175 points of troops (since the Minas Tirith warriors added up to 200 points exactly) and thus were 10 orcs (5 archers, 3 sword and shield, 2 double-handed weapons), 2 uruk-hai berserkers, and 5 uruk-hai with pikes. This gave the Evil player some interesting tactical options., Ready for the easiest directions ever? I almost feel silly typing them out because the photos are self-explanatory but maybe this will help someone out there! ha. Here you go:, I had a slight rash, but it disappeared by the time I got to work. My mornings are always a bit frenzied, but I really need to start reading the labels on household items -- especially when I'm in a rush. There was also that time I accidentally doused a jacket with Lysol, thinking it was Febreeze. A good laugh, but at this rate, it's only a matter of time before I start a fire., I gave her a look that spoke volumes–nos. 2A through 4 of the International Encyclopedia of Camelid Medicine. “And what, may I ask, do you propose as an alternative?” I asked skeptically. You have to put these young people with their “holistic” medicine in their place before they start questionning tried-and-true methods the elder statesmen of the profession have perfected after years of stepping into llama poop., Isn't she sweet? This is one of those cards I made by choosing my papers before I coloured the image and once again I'm not that happy with the result. I think I'm going to go back to just colouring first and choosing papers later!, Sunday, April 22nd, Optimise Home Report, One Singaporean tuning in to Class 95 morning show today at 9am was shocked when he heard its host ‘The Flying Dutchman’ aka Mark van Cuylenburg giving a lecture to Singaporeans which goes something like this:, AA: What other writing would you like to highlight for our readers?, She is nervous, The first day of Spring --our Easter/Ostara-- we ate chocolate bunnies after breakfast (Lindt has small ones wrapped in gold foil w/red ribbon bows. They were gone before I got out the camera). We colored eggs --fresh, local eggs from our friends at Bluebird Farms. The brown and green eggs took on dye with more subdued, earthier hues., After spending lots of time playing around with the ideas I had, I can now say I settled on the photo of the lady wearing a scarf and with an space background but a lot different from the third example in the previous article., This is what separates a wanna be writer from a real writer in my humble opinion. It’s relatively easy to get that first draft under your belt. The hard and fun part of writing is editing and honing your story until it gleams or until, if you have to read it one more time, you will violently hurl., In a hot skillet or wok, heat oil., This came out of the head of my personal Gooner Daily assistant and brother from another mother, Napkins - Pier 1, The chicken ended up really tender and juicy, and the thighs (there’s one on that plate) just fell off the bone. The squash and pears ended up a little mushy, and most things that get crocked for 8 hours do, but all in all, it was a delicious dish, with both sweet and sour notes. I definitely look forward to getting another delicata, and soon!, So this past Saturday, we went to the annual Wag n' Walk. This is our 4th Walk in a row we've attended. The event is a 2 or 4 mile walk benefiting the SPCA for Monterey County. This fundraiser helps our SPCA care for more than 5,500 homeless animals each year. When we get there, we get to enjoy a free breakfast and picnic lunch (that Mom and Aunt V usually share with us), while visiting with other walkers and their pets., As you would expect, we had none of this and, as you’d expect, about fifteen minutes later there an encore. They came back out to play Ruby, which didn’t actually make the version of Torches that I got a hold of, before banging out Pumped up Kicks in a super awesome 7 minute ordeal that, after the full song was played, jumped into a club style dubstep remix – it’s truly difficult to articulate how fantastic this really was, so I’ll leave you here with a verdict and a video., There's a feral cat group here in Madison that will fix the cats you bring it. When we first thought we had one feral, we discussed a live trap to get the cat and bring it in. Now two?, The label is made from three sizes of Spellbinders Nestabilities Labels 4. I hand cut around the flower and added ribbon and pink crystals. "You've got purse-onality" is from K Andrew Designs Fashionable Friends stamp set!! Isn't it just perfect for this??, I don't know that because of this tea, or considering all my steps to heal myself, but today I coughed less, at least I didn't cough every hour, but I am still coughing... and the cleaning didn't help.. :)) the dust, which somehow covered my flat and I had to clean up since tomorrow 2 of my friends will visit me, got me to cough. I had to admit, that I neglected the flat, so now I have many things to do, or I would have, but I gave up after a big cough attack, the most relevant spaces are clean ... I really admired my carpet after I hoovered and brushed it, beautifully clean... maybe I should do it frequently... :D .. khm..., Leaving the pier Mark, Brendan and I headed to the inner marina to try again for the Slavonian Grebe but, no sooner had we arrived Brendan received a call that a White-tailed Eagle was just down the road seen flying from Hawkinge towards Folkestone. Despite arriving minutes later we never did see it although we did manage to note 7 Common Buzzards, 1 Sparrowhawk and a couple of Kestrels. Once again stopping at the harbour as we were homeward bound, a quick search revealed no Slav Grebes while a walk along the Prince of Wales Pier added nothing new for the day but we did relocate the Kumlien’s Gull sleeping on the apron of the old Hoverpad., There’s no need to stop there, either. Does anyone seriously imagine that the inevitable decision to strip France of its CAP scam is going to produce any less than blocked autoroutes and a succession of strikes? Of all the EU member States, France is the one that has been living furthest beyond its means, and the culture quickest to turn truculent if its aims are frustrated., Ireland, Fingertips, So, there’s some food for thought. Makes you think twice about sneaking up on me in the library, huh? I might sing at you. Eek., Enjoy your flowers or give a bouquet to Grandma! xoxo Kate, -2 small garlic cloves grated, For instance, in a murder trial, evidence could be that you own a shoe with an imprint similar to the footprint left in blood a murder scene., Michael Devine - My textiles are inspired for the most part by classic motifs, fretwork, pagodas, flowers and geometrics which I translate through my sensibility and style., My aunt lived her life in the healthiest way that she knew how, filled with vitamins and meditation, years of being a vegetarian, etc. I remember a conversation I had with her years ago, in which she exclaimed, "I wish I had eaten more cookies!!" Now, she meant this in the most literal sense possible, but it can also be translated as a statement to advise all of us to live life to the fullest., There is much cause for contemplation, and gratefully time also., TAKE MY WORD FOR IT. IF YOU LOVE YOUR SKIN PASSIONATELY AND IT WILL LOVE YOU BACK!, America's Totalitarian Democracy and Its Brutal Enforcers, Similar developments occurred in Lebanon. As early as 1947, Jewish students were expelled from Beirut University. Jewish "Zionist" organizations (such as the Maccabi sports club) were forbidden. Jews were discharged from public service positions and Jewish youth movements banned., Fact #19: Jagger moves like Sara Lomas., LOL!!!!, This was part of a series of "safety in the workplace" public-service announcements that ran a couple of years ago, sponsored by WSIB, Canada's combination OSHA and sports-talk radio station., There were three people who were crucified—the two thieves and Jesus Christ. Jesus was at the center. To His right was Dimas, the thief who said to Jesus, ‘Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom’ (Luke 23:42). To His left was Hestas, the thief who said, ‘If thou be Christ, save thyself and us’ (Luke 23:39)., 5. Talk to your small group, bible study or youth group about The Justice Summit., 125 gms/5ozs dark soft brown sugar, Showings are by appointment only, please contact Matt Watson at 214-417-9171 to schedule an appointment., In my adolescence, I lived in Cuernavaca, Mexico for four months and, at 25, lived in Paris for 10 months. In Mexico, men hissed at me on the street and in buses, two words: juerita and fuerita: little blondie and little foreigner. My very appearance marked me as foreign with my waist-length blond hair and pale skin., How can you prevent RSI?, I so love the challenge this month, which is to use a Our Daily Bread Designs custom dies! So many dies to choose from, so little time! LOL!! I just LOVE the butterfly die was was released this month so I knew exactly what one I wanted to use for this challenge! Here I have used the butterfly die with both the 2 step butterflies image and the God's Love set., Last night I made Taco Soup for dinner. Scott's not a big soup fan so I rarely make soup but we both REALLY liked it. I'll be making this a LOT this winter! It's easy and very filling! And YUM!, all mommy would say was "syd, who is watching?", 25 workers at $20 per day ($500 cost), These ETs appear to be the same people who appeared in ancient civilizations around the world and were labeled as “gods” or “angels.”, Whether it's Irish or not, it's got more flavor than the usual alternative: green-dyed Miller Lite. Do you really want to drink crap like that? Look, if you don't like stout, Smithwick's is a pretty good amber (and still 4.5%), even the newly reformulated Coors-brewed Killian's is 4.9%, and it is, I'm happy to report, much tastier than it had become in its debased days., Duc des Lombards, early set, Paris, Yes, in the absence of cash, the $1 postage stamp is the universal prison currency., As soon as Google+ went live, Google employees were given “verified” status and many were promoted as featured users, allowing them to build large followings. Google built the Google+ platform, then gave themselves home court advantage., Pick 9: Panthers, Last night, the twins and I went to Burger King for dinner. (A step up from the food source from the bowels of hell I might add.), Up the back is the grocery section, stacked neatly with tins of sardines and marinated octopus and kitchenware supplies like paella pans and terracotta dishes. Tins of tomatillos and pickled jalapenos seem to have the South American market covered too., Ask yourself: If we were to receive these returns on our social media engagement, would that make our efforts worthwhile? The value of some of these insights is easily quantified in dollars (reduced support costs) others are hard to put a price on (learning something about your community you never knew — that could be priceless)., The card I'm showing is made for our son. As he likes Japan so much I thought he might like a dragon. I had some fabric (I bought it ages ago)with the image which I put on doublesided glue foil and cut the image. After that I just put it on the card which is black and some gold paper on top and black again on the gold paper. I made the eyes pop with some gold coloured rhinestones., While doing some research recently, I came across a letter in a library archive written by Dr Richard Peto to Dr. B. MacGibbon. Peto was, and is, a highly respected epidemiologist who worked closely with Richard Doll on smoking and health., “I’m very proud of my manhood. It’s the best part of my body, so I want to look after it. That’s why it’s important to raise awareness of testicular cancer; we need to be more open about our health, go for check-ups and take care of our bodies. I was actually quite shy on my photoshoot. I take off my shirt in front of thousands of people on stage, but when there are just a few people around, it’s nerve-racking. I said, ‘Just make sure the room is warm and I’ll be good’”., Karen and I were hungry, so we went and had Vietnamese food at a restaurant up the road. It was EXCELLENT, some of the best I have ever had. I am a sucker for Vietnamese food. Yum. We walked around for a bit, then went back to the Barderij., But there are other cues that voters can and do utilize that reflect their ideology without having to go through the tedium of researching the issues directly. They include columnists, analysts, peers and friends. I have had many a political discussions recently with a number of friends who know that I make it my business to stay on top of the issues and that I can see through the deluge of propaganda. I have no idea if I have influenced their vote and I never advocate for a particular decision, but I can answer questions with a balanced perspective. If I am asked, I will indicate how I intend to vote, but that question rarely comes up – those friends are seeking information, not advice. And I am interested in their views as well because I do not come up with my perspective out of thin air – I cannot see a given issue from all possible perspectives., Another bloke there, a Methodist who was a health educator, seemed to have much the same ideas — scared to stick his neck out — and he said you could ask any of the people at Limehill whether they liked living there, and they would all say yes, and that they are satisfied, because they knew it would be the worse for them if they didn’t, and they would only get into trouble., Reich: that’s fine but government won’t be, Last summer one of my best friends gave birth to twin boys. Before that, she had asked me to paint their room. And so I did. We decided for a theme that wouldn't be just for babies, but one that, we hope, will look interesting to the boys until they go to school. Unfortunately the pictures are not good, but you will get an idea. The sure thing is I enjoyed it very much and hope the babies will live their first years in this room very happily., Polling institutes traditionally prepare reliable estimates for their clients, TV and radio stations, in the two hours between polling stations closing in most areas at 6pm (1600 GMT) and the late closers in the big cities, opening up a gap when information can leak., I just don't know how people have a baby, put them in a crib in another room, send them to daycare, preschool, grade school, high school....Away...away... away....., “Hello, I hope you don’t mind us calling in on you like this, but I wonder if you could tell us what this place is… We were driving along here and we don’t quite understand it, but we were compelled to come up your drive.”, I did have something happen on Friday that brighten me up - there was a package in the mail from the lovely Nia in Portugal., This afghan also uses a granny square type of technique. Love the colors of this one too, the recipients favorite colors. In the picture the bright stripe might look a little yellow, but it is a green color. Sorry folks, can't find the pattern for this right now, and don't have a lot of time to look. If I run across it, I promise to post it later!, I took a little liberty on the sketch. The patterned paper was suppose to be straight but I liked it better tipped. The photo is one I took last year in Sarnia. The sentiment was added using Photoshop Elements 9. The background paper is white with a light blue marble on it but the blue does not show up in the photo. It looked like it needed something so I did a pen stitch around the edge., I can’t keep living like this. I can’t keep making her wait for me to come out of this fog., Back when I was in the Philippines, I’d often speak Taglish, which is a mix of English and Tagalog. I have to make an effort to speak in straight English. I can’t even speak in straight Tagalog. It always has to be mixed. I’m not like weird or anything because almost all Filipinos speak this way., "A skyscraper rises above its predecessors, restoring the spiritual peak of the city, creating an icon that speaks to our vitality in the face of danger and our optimism in the aftermath of tragedy," Libeskind had said of his design. One World Trade Center cannot be accused of doing any of that. There is no spiritual peak, not even the one at the top of its no-longer-1,776-foot height., There goes the subjective weighting in again. Would I read it again--probably, did I enjoy it--yes! Did he write well? Let me just say, I could not wait for the villains to get their just deserts, the hero and heroine just had problem after problem...., My first impression of Sadie--everyone's first impression, I have no doubt--was her height... This was a woman who had probably last worn heels to her own wedding, and even for that occasion she might have picked a dress that would hide just one more pair of low- or no-heels, chosen so she wouldn't tower comically over the groom. She was six feet at least, maybe a little more... Sadie had, in the argot of the day, a really good build. She knew it and was self-conscious about it rather than proud. I could tell that from the way she walked., * “Walk” – Video, From the Alpena County Directory, 2011-2012:, Similarly, within your realm of understanding, and in many of our attempts to speak to the human race throughout time and space, we have talked about differences, or orders, or what you would think of as classifications of the angelic realm. Now, I want to say, before we even begin to address that, that we do not ever consider this a hierarchy. The human collective…. And if we are ridding you of one addiction, it is the addiction to think in terms of hierarchy rather than a spiral or a circle. No, we do not criticize you, we love you! So we share this understanding., I’ve had a guilty conscience for awhile now regarding my children’s exposure to media. I have questioned some of the things I’ve allowed my children to participate in. After reading this book, I really feel convicted to make some changes. The contents of this book may be hard to swallow, but I believe after reading it, you, too, will see some areas you can improve in your own home., When I lived in Italy I watched a lot of T.V. My favorite morning news show opened each day with the music of the Verve’s Bittersweet Symphony. I can’t hear that song without thinking of my little kitchen with the T.V. on the counter (on the counter! I loved that- I literally never left the kitchen). Then I would watch L’Occhio lo Spese (If I remember the title correctly, something like: eye on shopping) which was a strange show that, I think, was geared towards housewives, cooking and food in general. I remember one show that discussed broccoli for the entire hour. And it was fascinating – there are a lot of varieties. I also learned to store parsley (prezzemoli: I love saying that word) wrapped in tin foil to preserve it longer (it works). In the afternoon they would show American tv shows (some of which I’d never even heard of), but I began to really appreciate dubbing for the first time in my life. Films that are dubbed into English are generally horrendous, but this was an entirely different level. I became convinced and truly awestruck of the craft when I happened to see an episode of Law and Order that a friend of ours was guest starring in. They had him down. I mean – he was in a little danger of sounding better dubbed…it was surreal to see him speaking perfect Italian (especially as I was straining to follow along). From Kenneth Brannagh’s Hamlet (I enjoyed it much more than I ever did in English) to American soap operas: it was my method of learning the language., You can also stretch and move around - and boy, are you fast and active! We can only hear your heartbeat for a few seconds before you're off and on the move, baby. You're definitely going to be an active little one!, So, here is Jordan nestled in her odd, odd world. All images shot with film (Kodak and Ilford) and vintage cameras (Canon AE-1 and a Rolleiflex)., "I love my new Tone Ups slippers and sneakers! You haven't steered me wrong yet!!! Maybe Mommy tried to skip in them!!!"Okay, two things. One, my mother recently discovered that she is no longer able to skip. You might wonder, "How on earth does one come to that realization? Does it one day hit you, 'Hey, I haven't skipped in a while... I wonder if I still have it in me?'", *I received a free copy of this book from the author in exchange for an honest review.*, Some 70 percent of the Tigers’ roster of scholarship players is comprised of freshmen or sophomores, a slight increase from 2011., I have also gotten both of my tax refunds, so I have some shopping to do one of these days, no hurry on that though. It will be good to have some new footwear for both work and play., Anyway, I must say a massive “thank you” to all those who sent in comments after my last blog about how Sherlock might have managed to fake his own suicide. Clearly the debate still rages and even One Show presenter Alex Jones mentioned the mystery on Monday night’s show. It’s fantastic to hear/read of so many diverse people discussing Holmes – especially in the context of a riddle, an intellectual problem which I think Sir Arthur himself would have loved. This has to have a positive effect on the legacy of the character and generate new readers turning to the original canon. The character of Sherlock Holmes will stay alive in our collective consciousness and remain popular as long as people keep discussing him., #2 A good story transplants you in another world. It is a well-known fact that I love Harry Potter. I'm not afraid to admit it and I was recently "roasted" concerning this apparent obsession of mine in an all-school assembly. Which only serves to make me happy and not embarrassed. Why is HP the shelf that literary genius will be reaching for and not quite touching for the foreseeable future? It is simple. Because Rowling created a world no one can resist. That doesn't mean that there aren't other amazingly well-written and life-changing tomes being published and cherished on a regular basis. It doesn't mean that there aren't thousands or even millions of pages of prose dedicated to creating new worlds in our minds. But Harry Potter is literally magical. And Rowling makes her readers long for it to be real. She pulls the Hogwarts Express right up to your door and hollers at you to get on before it's too late. And, of course, you do., “The man was taken to a police station in Wrexham where he was interviewed about the allegations. He currently remains in police custody.”, This Easter was so special for me. Being part of such a reverent Good Friday service really set my mind to fully comprehend what an incredible sacrifice was made for ME. My Pastor wrote three monologues from the point of view of Simon Peter, Mary Magdalene and a Centurion at the crucifixion. I saw myself in each of them. Simon Peter…the times I know my behavior has betrayed my faith. The times I have behaved badly and it would be hard to know my identity is in Christ. The times I have ignored that still small voice in me and felt the eyes of Christ on me. The Centurion…the times I have been a part of something I know to be wrong and wished I could be somewhere else or be someone else. The times I have been afraid to speak out. And Mary…I have definitely had times in my life I walked with my eyes downcast and felt unclean. But I also know the feeling of being cradled in the arms of Christ and the forgiveness and cleansing only He can give. I spent much of the service in tears in the darkened sanctuary. Hearing the sound of the nails being pounded in...and knowing my guilt., I used to hear Your voice in sirens, And change it we did!, So after my friend selected a pattern that she loved and paint color for the chair, I got busy cleaning her up., I don't know how long we scoured the neighborhood, but at some point the only places left to look for signs were my house and his. My house was clean, so we crossed the street with an air of disappointment hangin' thickly between us., Black Pudding skidded in the sand, throwing his ass into its dampness!, Standout music: Crocodile’s “No Black Clouds For Dee-Dee”., He now feels the same way about Jeff Rense., We live in a society that is fascinated with nicknames. There’s a bit of the poet in all of us, perhaps, trying to add some color by describing people through the use of nicknames, like Ginger for a girl with red hair, and the self-explanatory Slim, Curly and The Refrigerator. What better nickname for a superstar basketball player known for his incredible leaping ability than “Air Jordan”?, To look someone in the eye, and consider them worthy of my respect that they are intellectually, emotionally, psychologically and physically capable of hearing my honest opinion about any issue relating to our relationship or of interest at the time., into the street in my Manolo Blahnik's, This is the big novel of the year, the epic and pure entertainment to boot., The destruction caused by Maggie Thatcher and how we're all paying for it now., In order to ‘let’ your networks operate at maximum robustness, however, you must learn about yourself and the world and the ways in which they are interconnected. Understanding the immanent order of the world, that which gave rise to valuation, is what allows us to promote robustness. It is in this manner that network ethics proposes something quite similar to what Spinoza called the ‘intellectual love of god’ as its primary ethical goal. This goal is also quite similar to that of the ancient Stoics, a clear influence on Spinoza’s immanent ethics, as well as Nietzsche’s own attempt to create a ‘this-worldly ethics’. Linking this to genealogy is the project of metaleptics, and it is in this manner that the project of network ethics works to ground itself by valuing itself, and thereby ‘eating its own tail’, so to speak., Result: Chris “Bad Boy” Tickle wins via unanimous Decision (30-27, 30-27, 29-28), So it was that WACAP contacted "Debbie", the adoptive mother of one of the "Journey of Hope" girls, and asked if they would be agreeable to a visit by their daughter's biological Uncle in their home. Of course this came as a huge shock to Debbie and her husband, who could not understand how the people described in their daughter's adoption paperwork as being too poor to care for their daughter were now suddenly able to afford to fly to the U.S. and tour around with their daughter's orphanage director. They were angry, confused and very frustrated as the realization came to them that they had been deceived by the orphanage to begin with. They informed WACAP that they felt very uncomfortable with the situation, and WACAP informed Director Pei that Debbie and the other families were not welcoming of his proposal., To my mind Leo specialized in grand set-pieces and tableaux whereas Dave was more of a natural storyteller. I don't think the latter ever crammed quite as much insane detail into a single panel as Leo managed to include in this late Bash Street page from 1962, shortly before the changeover., Second, we must realize what is at stake. Marriage is first and foremost a public institution. It has always been so. Throughout history, societies have granted special recognition and privileges to marriage because it is the central organizing institution of human culture. Marriage regulates relationships, sexuality, human reproduction, lineage, kinship, and family structure. But marriage has also performed another crucial function – it has regulated morality., I chose a gorgeous Sugar Nellie stamp from the Simply Sassy Collection called "Pillow Talk." You can find this little missy HERE at Funky Kits! I decided to shake things up a bit, so I stamped the image with Memento Desert Sand ink, making the outline very subtle. The stamped image looks almost like it has no lines, doesn't it? I quite like the effect! Here's an extreme close-up . . . ., Oil-1tbsp, Dressing the film's stars and an innumerable amount of extras in a complex array of trashy yet stylish outfits, costume designer Kathie Clark (Angel) is the true heroine of the Valet Girls universe. Cobbling together a vast collection of negligees, pink suspenders, new wave tutus, pajamas, stockings, piano key scarfs, irregular lingerie, lace leggings, shiny blazers, and, of course, an industrial size hamper full of fingerless gloves, Miss Clark must have worked her butt off during the production of this film. Bringing the same visionary spirit she brought to the atypical ensemble she created for Diane Franklin to wear in TerrorVision (her overall look is still the embodiment new wave fashion), Kathie should be proud of what she accomplished in this film; a costume designing tour de force if I ever saw one., We strutted with him., 10.) What's your favourite piece of clothing?, Lends an improbable answer., Peace to you Sista's!, White Buttons, Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 10:00 PM, Team Destiny, Now the FIRST and MOST important thing to remember is that women respond to Confidence. The way you succeed is with this simple formula: 10 % what you say and 90% how you say it!, But I am simply not comforted. The OB told me that the best idea would have been to call my OB this morning. But I have been trying not to panic and, honestly, I have myself so trained to NOT freak out over anything less than blood., After watching her films over and over (Oh Boy, if only all work was as fun as that!) we finally whittled the choices down to the current ten costumes., I did finish this book to find out the true identity of the killer. Once I did I was like that is it., And in 2005, twins born to Kylie Hodgson and Remi Horder - both of whom have white mothers and black fathers - showed up looking like this. Kian is on the left and Remee is on the right:, Sometimes happiness comes with sadness., Tutors who would school Bâri' in diction. Elocution., But it was still quite humid with a lot of low cloud around., These men were prosecuted and sentenced under George W. Bush. Brewer was executed under the auspices of Rick Perry. Republicans, especially Texas Republicans, take heinous crimes very seriously. Whatever problems Texas might have, being too soft on murderers is not among them, and the hate crime legislation the NAACP used to attack Bush would have had no impact on this case. In fact, I’d imagine that many NAACP activists and most liberals who supported their actions are anti-death penalty, and as such believe that the hate crime committed against James Byrd Jr. was punished too harshly., Rules are simple: Comment on my blog about what kind of Zombie I should turn my one-armed Munny into i.e movie characters or anything clever. If I like your suggestion I will make the Munny and give it to you free., This has been a busy week! Sunday evening we took our family pictures - they came out great! During the week we had something every night except Wednesday. Friday night Brad and Emily went on a Daddy/Kid camping trip with our Sunday School class. All of the girls enjoyed a night at Painting with a Twist., We took the usual trip to the local Organic Farmers Markets to pick up some more organic ingredients this morning. I love the hustle bustle of people getting breakfast, picking up their fruits and vegetables and all the while supporting local farmers., All Hail! Lord, we greet Thee,, I'm a follower of Jesus, native of NJ, lover of all things Australian, victim of wanderlust, visual thinker, graphic designer, photographer, and an Emergent Presbyterian., I didn’t get my Wisconsin driver’s license with my first road test. I failed. I didn’t look upon the incident as failure. I just thought I must try again – and hopefully find an examiner who wasn’t so anal. I did and I passed, but I still drive too fast and a little reckless. That pretty much defines my life, and my writing is the same. My Pazuzu Trilogy is an example – hell, it’s my road test. Failure is unimaginable* – and self-publishing facilitates my “re-testing.” That is why there have been so many revisions of the trilogy – although, I had to take the road test for my driver’s license only twice., Today I was again excited by studying Mark 14, this time reading the cross-references, commentaries and study notes on Blue Letter Bible. This Bible study website is endorsed by my church, so I trust most of the materials available there are pretty theologically sound. Reading those study helps not only taught me a few fun facts, but also gave me further insights into how Mark 14:12-16 can apply to our lives today., Anyone who knows me, knows that I like to stick close to home. I don't go on many trips and it's rare that I ever go anywhere without my baby. That being said, I have had to travel with work more in the past eight months that I've had to travel in the past eight years. Kentucky, Texas, and this past week Nevada (not to mention a couple trips to Cary). As much as I like to be home all the time and tuck my baby in bed every night, I have to admit, I've enjoyed these trips. I don't think that this makes me a bad mother because I miss Emily every minute, but I do enjoy sleeping in the middle of the bed and not having to get up extra early to get two people ready., When it comes to art, decoration and style I know what I like and can create the perfect picture in my mind’s eye, but ask me to translate this to reality by my own hand and the result often looks like several cans of paint run over by a piece of industrial machinery., I did machine quilt it but just the around the blocks. I didn't quilt any of the detail. It most likely has a polyester batting since that is all I used to use. It's still one of my most often used battings since I hand quilt., Then I added some Smooch Glitz Frost to the vines, and some Clearsnap Ocean Spray glitter., From the 1958 book "Shippingport Pressurized Water Reactor" written by the Naval Reactors Division of the AEC, Westinghouse, and Duquesne Light, we produce the following passage that introduces us to the metallurgical aspect:, Pratyush: – I am yet to find Miss right for myself who can be Mrs perfect. You got your Mr right, but I am not as lucky as you are. (Smiles), To make the pops:, He said he wondered why he had even told me the story because he hadn't thought about it for years . But even after all this time, it was obvious that it had been a deep cutting remark that stayed with him. I asked if he wouldn't perhaps write the story now, since the idea was obviously one he was still taken by., I was open to saying "Yes.", I may be over 21 but the legal drinking age is 18. By all means ask for ID and ask with a smile, but I no more wish to drink in a place that bars 18-21 year olds any more than I would wish to stay in a guest house that bars blacks, Irish or homosexuals. I’m not a member of those 3 groups either, but if that’s your policy you can stick my custom up your arse., Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness. Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham. (Gal 3:6-7), And such, as yet once more I trust to have, I won't keep you in suspense any longer. For the song we believe best sums up the emotional devastation left in the aftermath of a failed relationship - all to a good beat - the winner is (drumroll please) Carrie Talick., My compliments to this particular spammer who sent me a particularly crappy and poorly constructed attempt to defraud me of money, from an email address entitled "Google Alart"., Level 13: Mastery: +36%, Accuracy: +78., Suuuucccckkkkks., Barring fruits and sweet smiles to mother and son., "We've been working really hard over the last few months to give Londoners L’Insitiut Francais’ second comics book festival and have managed to get our hands on some real treats," Angela Sangma Francis told downthtubes., Seasoning with some salt and freshly ground black pepper, I then, Bear in mind, though, that for every dollar, euro, pound, or yen that goes to the government, it’s one fewer that’s available to buy his latest book; to renovate a bathroom; to make a crowd-sourced startup investment; to pay for the kids’ tennis lessons; to donate to an organization of your own choosing; etc., Here's the inside of the card showing the pocket with the insert pulled out. I left my flowers colorless on the inside, but had some club members color theirs! It was pretty both ways. I love the way this DSP uses the colors I wanted, I didn't have to work around a pre-printed paper! Now, don't get me wrong, I love DSP as much as the next stamper, but sometimes I want it in exact colors, that's where this comes in!, This is especially important today, when billions of dollars from so-called super PACS are being spent on behalf of presidential candidates for the first time. Super PACS, political action committees that can raise unlimited sums from individuals, corporations, unions and other groups, were made legal under a 2010 Supreme Court decision., I never made it to the birthing tub. About 45 minutes after my water was broken I delivered a baby. 4cm to push! I ran naked as a jay bird from the bathtub to the bed. Admittedly I may have behaved a little insanely when it came to the pushing part (yelling, and carrying on a bit), but it was a new experience for me. And more important than being a little nuts during delivery is that I, we, had a healthy, robust, beautiful baby boy. We were able to deliver him the way we wanted to. He was loud and red and perfect., In all honesty, it's not obvious how to respond on a practical basis to this imbroglio. On one level, I'm grateful to Cal Performances for bringing the orchestra here, and I can't deny that I'm looking forward to hearing the concerts., p.s. I was going to make this a page but you can't comment on them and I like comments,, 6. Business reputation and brand: IBM had never had a true Head of marketing and just like the processes and the 128 CIO scenario, marketing was controlled by countries and business units etc. That resulted in a totally disjointed marketing campaign. The new Head of marketing decided to consolidate all of IBM’s advertising relationships into a single ad agency. This spawned the “Solutions for a Small planet” and was followed by the coining of the term, “e-business.”, Four million big ones! It just goes to show the ludicrous gulf between a celebrity chef and someone who actually cooks for a living., Copy paper for snowflakes- Free, One puts together the motive afterwards: Barry wants to be re-elected, the Fed doesn’t want its banking system to melt down, and yes, the Aegean seabed is a geologist’s wet dream, and the US wants nice cosy bases there with the minimum of fuss. Most conspiracy theories are put together the other way round., I'm really excited about this new dystopian anthology that's just being released. It says February 14th as the release date, but Amazon's already got them in stock and I've already got my copy on the way., It had been nearly 30 days since Xu Guan had wanted to kiss the ground at the San Francisco docks. In that time, he and his comrades in arms had covered nearly 300 miles. Their march had taken them along Interstate 80, up through Sacramento, across the mountains of the Tahoe National Forest and into Reno, Nevada. Now, they were headed for Winnemucca, across more mountainous terrain, through more rain, snow and cold and then, on eastward on I-80 through northern Utah, across Wyoming and into the plains of Nebraska., with no time left to find a better place to hide, In any case, I like what I wrote and I'm curious how my vague plan for the next parts are going to be influenced by the future prompts., Make a really big deal about how important it is for kids to get physical activity, and then force him to sit still for 95% of the school day. This article explains the government's new early learning initiative, the point of which will be to train kids to be more "ready" for kindergarten. One of the things that Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius is especially concerned about is kids developing the ability to "sit still" and "listen to teachers." The government will offer $500 million in grants for states to "raise the quality of early learning and child care programs and to increase families’ access to them." These early learning programs should help solve this "problem" of kids not being able to sit still by age 5, along with other ones affecting school-readiness., Namaste! We are your Ascended Masters! We come today with more blessed news. The time approaches for our associates to begin the mass arrests. A preliminary stage is still underway, in which an additional amount of incriminating evidence is coming to light due to the ever-widening net cast by various international police agencies. Just as Heaven proclaimed, we are observing just how swiftly the dark’s all-encompassing web of control is unraveling. The number of personages involved in major malfeasance is truly staggering, and we watch the blessed hand of divine justice help our associates to gather an absolute mountain of evidence. On top of that, many persons arrested in the past month have provided clues and named names. There are dossiers on the entire upper echelon of the dark cabal and this will lead soon to their mass arrest. The insuperable power wielded over you by the dark for millennia is now summarily evaporating, and so your freedom rapidly approaches!, Writers get told to follow the rules. Rules in this case being proven guidelines of what works and what doesn't for an unsuspecting reader. I've come to learn that they are rather helpful, especially for new writers. Once you are acquainted with them and have successfully written your book(s) applying the rules, you are ready to break them., Spring came early in NJ. For two weeks solid, it was 75 degrees out. For me, the weather presented a test of discipline. See, I just started a new job that allows me to work full time from home. As I sat in my home office with the window open, warm breeze blowing in, it was a true test to stay put and focus on training and work. But I did it!, I’m sure you’ve guessed, by the cheesy title, that this post will be about home. But ever since I’ve moved to Pittsburgh, it’s been difficult for me to explain the way Hawaii is a part of me. It’s not just a place, it’s a piece of my personality. So, in addition to being about home, this post will also attempt to puzzle out what “home” means–for me at least. And perhaps even if you are not from Hawaii, you will know what I mean when I talk about the feeling of home., “Being an actor is hard enough,” the Malaysian superstar reiterated during an interview with The Daily Chilli, a news portal for The Star., So life is not overly harsh. Indeed, Emery, who shares a cell, thinks he has fewer grey hairs now than when he did when he was in Vancouver., First of all, I’m going to try not to dwell on the crazy letters in his name, but…yeah. Look, dude, you’re really overestimating how hard I’m willing to work to contact you in-game or send you a guild invite. If I can’t just fucking TYPE your name, then the odds of me sending you a whisper or an invite or whatever drops way, way down. I don’t speak alt-code., 2 Thunder vs. 7 Mavericks, Thunder win series 4-3., Your constant objection and my constant defense to that objection are centered around the meaning of kingdom in any given immediate context. This keeps coming up time and again. You keep insisting that I prove the definition of the word kingdom by means of the immediate context. I keep reminding you that the immediate context in the references that you have given for your point are not conclusive. That’s why we must consider the greater context and intrinsically related points to help us determine which definition of “kingdom” in any of those references is proper., The time he took to contact a disabil­ity claims consultant before filing his claim paid off. Not only did it give him a better understanding of the terms of his coverage, it alerted him to possible pit­falls in filing that might have resulted in his claim being denied. He also had the opportunity to discuss his options for continuing to practice medicine while collecting “total disability” under the terms of his contracts. And finally, he had a source to turn to should his insurers respond with questions about his claim., Jim Clench, a Montreal bass player and vocalist who played with April Wine and Bachman Turner Overdrive, has died. He was 61. Clench died Tuesday in a Montreal hospital after a battle with lung cancer, according to April Wine's Brian Greenway., Time passes astonishingly quickly on sojourns like these. It seems there is a special time zone we inhabit when we are enthralled, and it runs quite opposite to the ones that prevail in schools and employment. As the week drew to a close, I brought a mutual friend of the Beacon Hill Friends House to visit me there, and another mutual friend back in contact with the Athenaeum. And I took a good long walk, finally away from Beacon Hill, my thoughts filled with all I’d intensely read. Back Bay, the Public Gardens, Copley Square, and Commonwealth Avenue- all well-trodden by my old steps- were suddenly easier to enjoy with my leisurely paces., It is the first Friday night of the Fringe and the streets are sweltering in a high fever. There is an ugly confrontation outside C on Chambers Street, with a bouncer and an indignant thug staring each other down and lots of people edging forward to watch. One wants to retreat to the cool of the theatre, where everybody is middle-aged and sensible, but I have chosen to see Eva O’Connor‘s play “My Best Friend Drowned in a Swimming Pool,” and the audience are very young – about my age, in fact – and this play evokes their fashionably cynical world of hard drugs and empty sex. The evening is so hot that drowning in a swimming pool would almost be pleasant, but this play is more keen on the horrendous drowning than that inviting pool., "I've only enough carpet for the hall and landing," said Tom with a blank stare., Here again the the official blurb:, silvana: hahahahhaha, 2. Farkindalik Reaksiyonu 01:55, Did a bit of travelling in the UK on business and the highlight has to be my first trip to Belfast. I’ve been to Ireland but not Northern Ireland and I was looking forward to seeing what Belfast was actually like after hearing so much about it., Eustace Mullins: Hitler, Nazi Party, International Zionism And The Holocaust! Jim Condit, Jr.’s Film (Excerpts) “The Final Solution to Adolf Hitler: Zionist Collaboration with the Nazis”! Brother Nathanael: Why Did Goldstone Betray The Truth? Ron Paul: ‘Ultimately The Big One Is To Control The Money… To Have A World Wide Fiat Currency Through The IMF/World Bank Operations!’ Ron Paul: Gold, Commodity Prices “Big Event” Signaling Economic Collapse! Bob Chapman: The Financial System Designed To Self Destruct! Once The Dollar is Dethroned Americans Will Have To Live on The Edges of The Economic And Financial World ! World Banks Run on Cocaine Cash! ‘They Are All Terrorists!’, To conclude with the paper, while it does successfully demonstrate that there is a problem, dismisses Spohn’s model too easily, and prematurely jumps to the conclusion that Io must have been created. But this is what you’d expect, considering…., And on the 12th day Dan said, “Let there be food!” And the food was good., A resulting backlash prompted Najib, Malaysia’s prime minister, to set up a parliamentary panel whose eventual report suggested a range of changes to the electoral system., I sat beside Hugh and said:, A March Washington Post poll showed that Democrats were more willing to change their views about a subject to make their team look good. For example, in 2006, 73 percent of Democrats said the GOP-controlled White House could lower gas prices, but that number fell by more than half to 33 percent in 2012 once a Democrat was in the White House., My initial thought was that it seemed kind of cheesy. And dare I say, amateurish? That seems harsh coming from someone who has absolutely no skill in writing. Grammar Goddess I am not. You could get your big, red marker out and go crazy on just about any post I've ever published here. There is much I could probably learn from many of you ... not only about good writing, but what makes a good reader too., I shouted myself some $9.99 carnations on the way back home from the school run this afternoon. Goodness knows it's about the only way one is going to receive flowers for no reason in particular., In this class we aim to take the mystery out of creating a minimalist card that looks “complete,” and wow you with numerous tips and techniques for clean and simple cards! This upbeat and inspirational class will include nine fabulous guest artists (including me!), discounts to our favorite retailers, giveaways and a few surprises along the way! Clean and Simple Card Making will feature over 25 new card ideas and over 15 instructional videos. What better way to start the new year than with a wealth of new ideas to add to your card making arsenal and simplify your creations!, (Diana wanted four things:, Ice cream sundae's., So while little Rosco goes and hides in the poison oak we will do:, It wasn't all that wonderful, Cozy is on duty with another band somewhere in Europe. He flies back on Thursday., following reprisals., Some of our stuff might come in handy., reaches the point, Oh, guess what else! On Sunday we went to Vera Cruz, a small town about a 15 minute bus ride away from Santa Cruz that is also part of our area. There isn´t a branch in Vera Cruz yet, so the members that live there come all the way to Santa Cruz on Sundays to come to church. I loved it!!! I felt like I was back in Rio Pardo again...small and quiet town with dirt roads and green fields. Sister Dangerfield took me to meet Magda and Eder and their family...4 little boys and a new baby girl, Stefany. Eder is Antonia and Elias´ son and has been investigating the church ever since his sister, Tatiane, was baptized in Rio Pardo! :) I really liked them a lot...Magda is 23 years old and already a mom of 5 children!! And such a good and loving mom too.....and Eder reminded me so much of his dad, Elias!, Possibly photo corners, Where are the PATROLS that are supposed to make sure things like this are not supposed to occur?, I'm going to be spending a Friday and Saturday with some friends at a women's conference in Long Beach. Time Out For Women. The ladies I'm going with all went last year (to Fresno!) and loved it so much they decided to go every year, and this year I got an invite. As with all things that disrupt my safe little routine, I was very excited to be invited and to attend, but now that it's tomorrow, I'm having my usual neurotic doubts and misgivings. What if my ankle acts up, what if I'm achey all weekend? What if I just want to come home? What will they think when they find out how much I really hobble around at the end of the day? What if I'm no fun? You see how my mind runs., I've heard people question why they should care about the extinction of a specific species, whether it's animal or plant or tree, and the answer is so amazingly obvious. Even if you believe that humans have some innate something that makes them "better" than other animals (for we are simply another species of animal), our survival is linked with the survival of every other species on the planet. When a forest is cut down, every human and non-human is ensured less oxygen. When the great fish of the ocean are driven extinct, we ensure ourselves, as well as countless other animals, and countless other forests, less food. When we pollute a river, or all rivers (there are toxins in every single river now), we ensure that both humans and non-humans will no longer be able to drink clean water. Everything we do to harm another life, whether it's trees, animals, rivers, it harms us. Karma in it's truest form., To finish off, we had a roasted rice ball with cod-roe inside. This was also really excellent.The big plump grains of pearl rice round the outside a nice golden colour and deliciously cirspy, while the rice around the roe stayed soft and perfectly cooked., We demand immediate release of the 11 arrested along with all other activists., I took it upon myself at that moment to reveal the following: My favorite part is the shower. It's true... it is. I love that feeling of taking a cold shower and getting clean after a good, hot, sweaty workout when I've pushed myself to the limit., After an agonizing wait, our food came. I ordered the sampler plate (of course!!! you get to try as many things in one go!!! I LOVE this option on menus!!!). This my friends, was “smaller” portions (no, really, they were smaller than if you ordered the full plates) of all the best things on the menu: fried chicken, shrimps (I substituted for gravy chicken), ribs (both short AND North Carolina barbecue) and your choice of three sides! Heaven! My sides were the collard greens, mashed potatoes and corn bread stuffing. BEST COLLARD GREENS I’VE EVER HAD. And I don’t make that statement lightly. Libby Keating has taken me to some of the best Southern home cooking joints outside of Nashville, most notably Barbara’s, but these greens were truly phenomenal. Not bitter, perfectly seasoned with pork. I think they were my favorite part. Ohhh yum. The mashed potatoes and gravy were delicious, and I liked the corn bread stuffing, but only for a couple bites. I was getting too full, and they were a bit too much bread/starch, in light of the rest of my plate. The protein winners on my plate were the fried chicken ($1 extra for white meat) and the North Carolina barbeque ribs. Ohhh yum. The skin was crispy on the chicken, and the meat moist. The BBQ ribs had such a good sauce and the meat just fell off the bone. I even got a little on my cheeks. Okay, a lot on my cheeks. The short ribs weren’t my favorite, but they weren’t bad. They had a sweetness to them that I found interesting (in a good way). I have to admit, at this point, I didn’t even make it to the smothered chicken (relax, it was more fried chicken covered in gravy, it wasn’t like I would actually leave a stone unturned. I got the gist)., Work, I see this misconception frequently - the idea that probation is somehow not a "real" punishment. Mark Pryor over at DA Confidential, responding to a commenter's question regarding which offenses warrant probation vs. prison time, recently wrote:, I made this birthday card for the Peachy Keen Challenge this week anything goes. I wanted to be able to use the stamp of the month set for March and also February., Heather Trimlett put out a 40 bead challenge where you choose two colors and make 40 beads only using dots. At first I it wouldn't be that hard, I love doing dot beads but after the first 20 it got tough. My beads are strung onto the leather in the order I completed them starting in the center. I started with some of the basics and moved on quickly to masking dot techniques that I had never tried but had seen others do an loved the look. As time went on I had to wrack my brain for ideas because it turns out that 40 beads are a lot to do with the same technique being limited to only two colors, I used CIM Phoenix and Moretti Dark Red Purple. I loved the fact that the Phoenix turned different shades depending on how long it spent in the torch but in the end I think it may have been cheating a bit :)., CloudOn is different. It’s a cloud service you should seriously consider if you work with Microsoft Office on your iPad and need more capabilities than the native iWork or Quickoffice apps provide. The 2.0 version released this week is truly compelling., But the museum is not just an illustration of the book, Pamuk stressed at the opening of the museum. The wall and the little videos next to it of female hands holding a cigarette, gesticulating above a cup of tea, are an installation around the meaning of smoking. ‘In a society where direct communication is difficult, a lot is being said through gestures. What do you smoke, and how? You communicate by raising your eyebrows, by sighing, by how long you make your beloved wait.’, I've moved onto the next step with my felted seahorses, mounting them on a background. I used my dumfing machine (that's an embellisher for those unfamiliar with this wipso and twiglet term ;) ) to add merino wool and some other bits n pieces to a piece of cotton fabric., “More.”, I hope these images show up well enough on your monitors., How would you describe your music?, Speaking of September: Registration Opens On Tuesday!!!, I’m sure I missed someone? I’m not even gonna talk bout that Sumo wrestler Somaya, just go away girl you big as a fuckin tonka truck!, I love a good dive bar. I don't know if le Baiser Salé would really be considered one, but the night I went there it had a few of the key elements that make a place divey for me: mediocre to crappy drinks, a strange mixture of clients (including the obligatory unsavory ones) and dark a ambiance punctuated with red lights., It was then I realized that I don't know how to receive gracefully. I immediately want to make things equal. I don't want to be viewed as someone who is ungrateful, and I want to be liked. It's the "good girl" syndrome, which I am learning to recognize. A few weeks later, a childhood friend and her little one-year-old cutie drove over an hour, sat in traffic forever, and finally arrived at my house just to be with me. She knew I was having a difficult time, and I needed a friend. She helped me paint a huge piece of furniture, even though painting is something she really doesn't enjoy. It was a low-key day, but to me it was a blessing, and I still had to learn how to receive gracefully., It was one of the most amazingly supportive, creatively intense, ideologically pure programs I've ever had the pleasure to be a part of. I got to experience firsthand some of the most exciting and powerful new voices and I know for a fact that my mentee, Sharline, made me a better writer by pushing me with her commitment to excellence (and she really was excellent)., People do stupid things when they’re in “love”. I put love in quotation marks because it doesn’t seem like love to me, but obviously it does to them., One of the ways I used to waste time was to peruse the Men-at-Arms section in the World's Biggest Bookstore. It's true, spending an entire afternoon flipping through books about military uniforms might seem lame by today's ill-defined standards, but that's what passed for amusement fifteen or so years ago. Anyway, the point I'm trying to make is that, while I was flipping, I couldn't help but notice that all the books on German uniforms of the Third Reich looked worn out, while all the other books seemed like they were in pristine condition. And you know what they say? Book creases doesn't lie. People love Nazi fashion, and Salon Kitty captures that love in way that didn't make me feel uncomfortable. I only wish all war movies were like this, because I despise war movies that focus on war. War is stupid. Fashion, on the other hand, is sexy, and sexy always trumps stupid., Hello everyone! I’m sorry I have been MIA from posting. I missed writing on here and hearing from all of you. I want to than everyone who has entered the giveaway and remind you all that today is the last day to enter and next Thursday the winner will be announced!!!, I’m looking forward to tomorrow night, when I should have a few helpers after choir. There are still three raised beds to fill, and an awful lot of ivy and weeds to deal with. There won’t be time to do a lot before it gets dark, but with a group of us we might get quite a lot done., However with the aid of technology we chatted to them all on skype and fondly remembered over the holiday period the special, loving and giving life of Irma. I think we all still had a fabulous Christmas and New Year and I am sure that is exactly what Irma would have wanted., 1 utter, 14. Dog buy rum, cow drink am, hog in sty get drunk. A matter may not concern someone, yet he or she gets involved., He decided to try a few of the airlines slogans to find out which airline she represented., My first stop was Tournai, this was the second city Henry besieged in 1513 (going as far as to personally aim and fire one of his apostles at the cathedral) and which also became English for five years as a result of their capitulation. Sadly I forgot to take my camera out with me on that day so you'll have to take my word for it. Well worth a visit for the Tudor enthusiast if only to add some context to your studies. The main aspect I took away with me is that it is almost 100 miles from Calais and, well, a rather rash decision I feel and one which I suspect was very much influenced by Maximilian. Records state the various Tournaisen complaints at being governed from Westminster along with those of the English garrison over delays in being paid (Cruickshank's books are good on this subject)., I particularly like this one because it's so bright and in winter I usually opt for fairly dark and dull colours or no colour at all if you know what I mean ., Here is some inspiration from our DT :, This is the tenth installment of the infamous diary within a used book that I found hidden among the stacks of an old defunct library. The building routinely holds events where donated books are sold off, by the grocery bag full, for just a few dollars. I’d estimate that I paid roughly seven or eight cents for this particular item. It contains the strange diary of a cat obsessed woman living in 1988. At the time of this posting, I am currently using the information inside to look for her. If people continue to become interested in her story, and I eventually locate her, I might try to contact her for an interview or to get a photo together. Until then, however, I would like to protect that author’s anonymity., MARBLE HALL: Farmer shoots at armed trespassers – both drown trying to get away., If you reading this blog post online and you are not already an Expat Women member, please support us and sign up here to receive our monthly, motivational newsletters., The Height of the Ridiculous, 2 AUT 5 3 0 1 1 7, maybe this was what i was meant to freeze in time..., (These tips can apply even if you don't have kids, but are working out of your home), Do astral sentient beings stare, ULTRA-RUGGED CONSTRUCTION, Here's the run down:, Does not mean that its not the real world, I had this idea of incorporating hollow books into our wedding. I saw one in a specialty store selling them in Intramuros and I thought how hard could it be to make one myself?, All kids need attention from parents. Even the most aloof teenager craves parental attention. That's one of the biggest reasons homeschooling works even among families whose parents don't have advanced degrees. They know how to give their kids the attention they need to help them succeed., “Water under the bridge, Keith,” Mommy cooed, drowning his potatoes in gravy. Sarah got a similar portion, behind their guest’s back Mommy jabbed a finger at it and mouthed ‘eat’ and Sarah picked up her fork. Amy ate—that is, she shoveled up food and put it in her mouth. Mommy put very little on her plate, she spent most of dinner watching over people’s plates, pouncing on any opening she perceived in their portions., Monaghan have made an encouraging start, Roddy Collins will have been pleased with his side’s past two showings against sides who would be expected to finish in two of the top three placings. Sligo have been snatching a lot of late goals recently to get results., It was his idea to erect a statue to George Formby in Wigan, sparking a tremendous letter in the Observer from JJ Kenyon from Beech Hill. Here's some extracts: "The last thing Wigan needs is a monument to that grinning oaf., It's a little creepy (my husband shakes his head every time he looks at it and says how wrong it is) but I love the unexpected for Halloween! (Besides I think he secretly likes it.), As the years passed, we experienced good times and bad. We went through a tough spell in Pennsylvania where we were cooped up in the house like bears hibernating in winter, Ginger not quite well enough to keep up with our energy levels many days. So we would bundle up in our snow jackets and mittens, and wait patiently at the bus stop for the trip to the local toy store that we knew would provide us with a rejuvenated spirit and fill up our love tanks just enough to last us until the next visit. Sometimes we would go to the toy store in downtown State College, with the two levels and the train table and the Playmobil station and the Mouse Houses. Often, days at this store also meant a stop at the library for Dr. Seuss or Paper Bag Princess or puppet play; across the street was a coffee shop with the World's Best Hot Cocoa and the freedom to laugh as only children can, with abandon and infectious., The evidence for each of my statements is easy enough to find in any standard history of the Civil War or Reconstruction; but of course, my bringing it up is “revisionist.” And, of course, the neocons join the liberals in promoting the notion that any white male whose family has resided in the South more than a generation or two is the absolute scum of the earth. That notion is completely contrary to reason if you believe that people are individuals who deserve to be judged by the content of their character and not the color of their skin or the accent of their voice; but Lord, don’t let Martin Luther King, Jr.’s beliefs stand in the way of those who loudly sing his praises! And Christians should keep their religion to themselves if they aren’t willing to idolize the state, support foreign wars, and promote social conservatism!, The grape like the hum and whirr of wind through the trees, The lemur, the world's largest nocturnal primate, taps its specialised middle finger on tree trunks to find nutritious beetle larvae., The Senator whispers back, "You bet I do.", Anyway my whole family came, the bar was brilliant (Ryan's Bar), the food before was delicious (The Reformed Fox), the weather was excellent (I've been so lucky the last 6 or so years with this -it is rather flukey!), the music was top...it was all great! And I woke up to a warm sunny morning where I was a two minute walk from Columbia Road Flower Market and a delicious bakery..., The Biggest Loser Family, ” I started the outreach with Judy from Stewardship In Action. I wanted her with me because I was new to the whole neighborly outreach process, plus, living in a rural area, my neighbors are pretty reserved. In fact, I had the longest conversation I have ever had with one set of neighbors because of this project; even though we have lived next to each other for years. They were happy to learn of the free plants and labor they would get through Stewardship in Action. The next neighbors, who also live on the creek, were worried that this project might infringe on their right to own horses on a creek. We assured them that it would not., 07. Critical Stage, Dear Gary Rumain, This is called Pantheism. Briefly stated it is the belief that we are all one. It is not true because you and your pet dog or cat are not connected! You may love your pet, but you are not your pet and your pet is not you. This philosophy is the basis of Hinduism and I believe that it is a lie. We are not all one…period!, Gebruikte materialen/materials i have used:, Besides building 5 tangible files, there are other ways to build information on our topics in our day and age. 5 folders on our computers, 5 Pinterest boards….oh, I have lots of ideas that we will touch on throughout the month!, – Ernest Hemingway, Let us first analyze these initial themes and order of these teachings/sayings so that we may discern what Luke is attempting to tell us through these teachings of Jesus., Don't make it easy on yourself by putting all your clutter in a bag or a box so that you can pick it all up and move it in one easy swoop. Make it tough leave all the the items out so it is difficult to transport it to the chair and back to the bed, back and forth. Obviously if you make it easy with a box it will be easier to put it off. The more difficult it is the harder it is to put off. You want the difficulty of transporting it back and forth more difficult then it is to deal with the clutter., Figuratively, not literally, of course. (But maybe kind of literally)., Now would be a good time to promote a new movie that seeks to correct decades of dishonest liberal spin on civil rights., Okay, come on back, but if you start to cry again you will need to sit in the corner for a little while longer., So far, my favorite is the half-suede-cloth/half-flannel diaper. It's easier to stuff than the just-flannel diapers, and having just suede cloth against Little Man's skin seems to control diaper rash the best. I use these most at night, because I can stuff them with three inserts (this is for a toddler; Little Man only used one or two inserts as an infant)., “If you become coral in the Great Barrier Reef, nestled in the Coral Sea,”, Initially, I thought a round table would work best in this small, rectangular space and considered these options:, Scarlett Johansson: Such a pretty dress! Love everything; the sleeves, the colour and the cut. Her tattoo slightly kills the elegance of the outfit but what can you do., era Ponty. this music fits the category like a custom fitted glove., Friday, November 4: 12:30 pm – 2:00 pm, 38. Over 90% of diseases are caused or complicated by stress., Next, I made odd oval shapes in different sizes. I worked some black dye into a separate ball of gumpaste and then used it to make the heads and dots, as in the photo above., “We heard your Christmas plea little one. You did not ask for earthly peace nor endless sunshine and cloudless skies., Insurgent starts where Divergent left off, with Tris riding a train to Amity headquarters with adrenaline pumping through her. This was a little hard for me to like at first, because I forgot a lot of what had happened in Divergent and there wasn't any real back story. But thankfully I went to Down The Rabbit Hole's Happily Ever Endings page and read what happened in Divergent. So thank you, Happily Ever Endings team! With the story fresh in my mind I was able to sit down and simply enjoy the ride!, Pooplette got to have her first real Burpday Partay with invited guests. She turned four, and if you don't know, turning four is like totally THE social occasion. I asked everyone to please remember that this birthday was giftless, considering we're still in the hovel and have NO SPACE, but apparently my French is still terrible, or I was ignored. They were kind enough, however, to stick to small surprises, and we've somehow managed to integrate these new treasures without too much trouble. I blew up 200 balloons for the occasion, dumped all of them on the floor and let the kids loose. If you ever need ideas for a 4th birthday I highly recommend this. The kids ran around for an hour chasing balloons, tossing balloons, kicking balloons, and tiring themselves out in the process. No need to plan any activities because they're so occupied with the damn balloons that they just don't care to do anything else. Until the cake comes out, of course, but I honestly thing that was only because we had one of those indoor fireworks candles and that caught their attention. So, then we had cake. And that was good! But those balloons...., Page 1 has no accidentals. But it does have tricky spots. I thought circling those places in the music would make it easier for my student to see the differences and learn the piece better right away (rather than undoing learned mistakes)., Peace Mennonite Church keeps a prayer list for those in need. If you need prayer, or want to e-mail our pastor, e-mail billd @ peacemennonitechurch.net (Take out the extra spaces to use this e-mail—the spaces confuse spam generators)., Jenro tried to look back at his cousin, but he couldn’t., Driving through the city, rented a rear tine tiller to till the grassed area where the garden now sits., Most heartbreaking was the footage of the scum who robbed an injured young man, after pretending to take care of him, I have never witnessed such a sickening display and if I had my way they wouldn't be left to breed, but that's why I'm not a police officer., This one used Lucky Limeade and Island Indigo. I used a cuttlebug embossing border folder to emboss the Lucky Limeade strip. The whole card is very very quick, making it perfect to make many of and put together as a gift set., Making it to the semi-finals and beating Real, who had recently beaten Barcelona, are among Bayern’s achievements in the past month. Bayern has placed themselves in a terrific position to win the Tournament and claim the title of top team in the world. Chelsea will also suffer from the loss of their Center Back and Captain, John Terry, due to a red card received in the 35th minute of the game. Missing the guidance and scoring ability of veteran striker Didier Drogba may also hurt them. Because of these facts and missing key and influential players, I believe that Bayern Munich led by Veterans Frank Ribery, Mario Gomez and Arjen Robben, will win the Champions League against Chelsea., 3 cup whole wheat flour, I was once a stranger, now more familiar, 10/2 – Omaha, NE – Sokol Hall (Free Show), Sentiment cut with the silhouette, Not everyone gets to do that, apparently. The other day, a friend told me she was jealous because her job entails what feels like an endless cycle of work, and nothing ever seems to be finished. Imagine never being able to say "check." It would be like always eating but still feeling hungry, or like always wanting and never being satisfied., Divided we fall!, I am thrilled it has got off to a good start with 36 players, - …and this is barley., Roux had been at the club, Flamingo’s in Church Street, until the early hours of the morning before he was flagged down by members of the Tshwane metro police., they Know your weak and powdered.., The botheration actuality is that Nintendo is so built-in with its own family-friendly angel that even third affair developers can't breach through its connotation. What is bald is a cast that is afar with, but still controlled by, Nintendo. Imagine traveling into a bold store, and you see on affectation the Nintendo Wii, a alpine white box with a Remote ambassador and a cartoony sports package, and the Sora Revolution*, a collapsed atramentous box with a Archetypal Ambassador and a aphotic fantasy adventitious about a adolescent man who gets affronted into a wolf (we'll pretend for the annual of this archetype that you can play Twilight Angel with a Archetypal Controller). Which of these do you anticipate would abode to the "hardcore" gamer? How about the Nintendo DS adjoin the Sora Nitro*?, Military engagement will be conducted by Plejaran fleet in command of Semjase and Remiz of Erra. Efforts will be made by Arcturian and Andrmedan ships to relocate people who will be in danger, but the logistics of moving millions is daunting. It is inevitable many will lose their lives, but the bases pose a larger threat of greater global harm. Those selected for future migration to Hope will be taken a week before the attacks; however, they will not be abducted, per se, but given a choice to reloacte to Hope or stay on earth., If his programme is successful, tens of millions of children who would otherwise have died in infancy will survive to adulthood, he boasts., I used to share a small glass of Mackeson's stout with my grandfather (many years before I entered my teens), the result being I manage to drink as an adult without throwing up in railway carriages, dropping my trousers, passing out, assaulting anyone or even putting my feet up on seats on the journey home!, Amanda checked her emails., Hang in there., Were you a product of infertility?, American Conservatism and the American Founding (Durham, North Carolina: Carolina Academic Press, 1983), pp. 48-51. (Source: Item D-XII/4/1980, below. Incorporated in Item C-1987(3), above, pp. 508-11, and in Item B-3, above, pp. 476-79 (1983).), Looks to the path of least resistance, 2 cups sliced carrots, Four years as crowned Victor Mother and then, exhaustion set in. That, and a love affair with YA are what account for my criminal behavior: writing., Perfect. Sigh., However, I have to stay, that I have never stopped missing Columbus. The two cities are complete opposites. Cleveland is filled with old, vacant factories and warehouses. You can leave for ten years and come back and everything pretty much looks the same. In Columbus, if you leave for 10 minutes, they’ve slapped up a new neighborhood and your exit off I-270 has been changed., I know that author events have had a huge impact on my own children’s reading. Thank you and bless you Francesca Simon for getting my youngest son interested in books! And gratitude also to Anthony Horowitz and Michelle Paver for extending his reading beyond Horrid Henry. I saw the effect of those events on his reading and his English over a two year period. But would I be able to prove that’s what made the difference? I wouldn’t know where to start., 2:49AM, Go down into the cellar, Not very many people get to go out into the countryside like we did., Blackalicous, Though the energy of great statements and affirmations needs metallic; you'll want to devote burden to build the power with repeated record improve Cambridge Satchel. We can easily recurring a particular acceptance an immense number of functions in the go, however, if this doesn't happen match program each of our map involving reality*, and then your depths of the mind sights will probably refuse it. Article source: cambridgesatchelon.com, Years on the Air, French beans, 5 pcs, cut into small strips, 38 - Nanda, There was certainly a fair share of the usual suspects for a festival dedicated to chocolate treats, ranging from large cookies, to immaculately designed cupcakes of all sizes, ice cream, multi-flavored fudge, covered apples, doused marshmallows and many more of what you’d expect to find., The fact the minimalistic and strappy flat sandals were worn with formal suits and dresses changes the nature of wearing this style of sandal which typically has been a casual option., Ok....I'm off to tuck my kids in and get a little "pre-TGIF" sleep. Woot! I've got a weekend of stamping planned and I can't wait to get started!, And that’s what it really comes down to with DISNEY’S A CHRISTMAS CAROL – it’s a really good adaptation that is, at times, really creepy to look at. It’s a bit disconcerting to see Carrey’s and Oldman’s image shining through so many characters, but the story is really well told, and it’s perfectly paced. Even with the creepiness of performance capture, this is a gorgeous film to watch and completely engaging from start to finish., Now in both cases (and these were both probably close to 6 years ago), I had been building my own relationship with these authors through email and phone calls and my own readings of their manuscripts, but still, there was outside confirmation that I wasn’t some total wackadoo in person., A witness gives testimony to what she has seen and heard. The early followers of Christ’s Way passionately showed and told what God had done for them, to them, and with them. And their words and lifestyle were contagious, starting spiritual fires everywhere they went., I had a fun run today. It was a fund raiser for the High School track team so lots and lots of teenagers. Warming up on the track, I had the usual funny looks and questions, “Are you racing barefoot??” YUP! Early in the race I got stuck behind about 6 teenage girls running shoulder to shoulder and asked to get through. They happily made room for me, apologizing and being very friendly. As I passed them I hear. "Hey! Look at that!" "Whoa, she isn't wearing shoes!" "She's barefoot!" "AND SHE'S PASSING US!!" Heard lots more whispers punctuated with the word barefoot, always funny. I was hoping for 8 minute mile max, but I’m not fully recovered from the 50 miler 2 weeks ago so I flamed out half way through the race. Once I had walked, my heart wasn’t in it and I slowed down more than I needed too, I would regret that., Home – 7:22 p.m., I don’t teach my Superheroes seminar again till spring, but winter is just as good. My New North American Fiction is subtitled Thrilling Tales after the issue of McSweeney’s that Michael Chabon edited back in 2002., The major epicenter of this type of sanctioned aerosol art is the block-long, 200,000-square-foot (19,000 m2) factory building complex in Long Island City, Queens, known as 5 Pointz (includes a link to the photo gallery)., All I can say is, “Sara-J – thank you! You are very special and totally wonderful!”, Level 8: MP Cost: 35, Duration: 240 seconds, Damage: +126%., “From the time I took over as ANC chairman in the province I have matured everyday like wine,” Mabuza said., Sounds intense, doesn't it! Definitely going on my list to buy with holiday money!, ... to cry every time I go into the animal rescue where I volunteer. There are still 66 cats needing to be adopted or fostered and less than a week left until animal control comes., After the argument Romeo either talked with several people about his feelings and/or he called Juliet when no one was around and/or he thought out-loud to himself, something he did and/or said made me want to stop the operation, but I started the operation anyway when I saw that all the guard posts would be empty for a few minutes; but when Romeo came outside, something he did and/or said again, made me think about canceling the operation again., Best Overall Chocolate - Amy Blodgett (amateur class), However I've decided that, as gorgeous as they are - they just don't go with my dress and really wanted something with a bit of gold in. I actually couldn't find anything I wanted but kept going back to the beautiful designs at Mignonne Handmade. I decided to email to see if they could make me a few bespoke hair clips and they can!!! I promptly placed an order and I'm waiting for them to arrive. they are to have pearl and gold centres to tie in with my necklace..., But the researchers found that the students’ jam expertise could be easily undermined by making them fill out questionnaires explaining their preferences. Some of the worst-tasting jams (at least according to Consumer Reports) were now ranked the highest., "I'm not Amish," she added, in a tone that suggested "There is NO way I am Amish.", Over the next two years, two high-profile film and television projects will be released featuring America’s 16th President, Abraham Lincoln. This December, Steven Spielberg’s Lincoln, a biopic on Lincoln set in the last three months of his Presidency, will feature Academy Award-winning actor Daniel Day-Lewis (Gangs of New York, There Will Be Blood, Last of the Mohicans) as Lincoln. This will be followed in 2013 by the highly-anticipated miniseries “To Appomattox,” which will feature acclaimed actor Stephen Lang (Avatar, Gods and Generals, Gettysburg, TV’s “Terra Nova”) as the President (There’s also Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, which I flat out refuse to talk about on this blog). These two projects will add to the list of nearly 300 film and television portrayals of the man labeled our greatest President. But of all these different portrayals, which of these truly stand out as the best of the bunch? With this article, I shall look at my five favorite portrayals of Lincoln on film (so far). They are in sequential order, mostly going by year of release., After I wrote the previous article I did a little searching around on the internet and found the House of Common's report by which the new Government guidelines are based which can be found here. I just thought I'd post a selection of snippets from the evidence section to highlight my earlier point., wait to buy a couple bags of them and the little pumpkins, soo fun to decorate with., The weekly chart continues to display positive technicals, as well as, the labeling for the bull/bear/bull markets over the past ten years. The RSI continues to hit extremely overbought levels, and the MACD continues to remain generally above neutral. These indicators do just the opposite during bear markets. We also note the economy is expanding, (over 50%), consumer sentiment is still on the bearish side, (under 50%), while investors are generally neutral (just above 50%)., Alright, so I guess after that they split up for some reason and Mo goes to visit this one guy from the Food and Drug Administration, who doesn’t really give him much useful info at all. Mo leaves, and then the Food and Drug Administration guy gets killed by his dog because they don’t have enough of The Stuff left in the fridge., Once sliced, they also transport well in lunch boxes. They also taste great with a fresh cup of coffee or tea., I guess I'm still getting "better." It's a little more slow now, not as pronounced day to day changes. Just overall feeling "steady" and "good." And that's a good thing. And I try to remember that I'm doing this to get healthy, not to get skinny... but what's wrong with skinny? Can't I have both? And while we're at it, could we add in rich? Ha! How about fertile? LOL., When you take a small plane from Charles de Gaulle, you oftentimes board a shuttle bus at the gate which then drives you to your plane far, far away from the terminal. I am now used to boarding small planes, thank you Europe, but I still don't like them so I felt nervous on the shuttle bus., To throw rocks at David Banner is to put him in situations where his destructive potential is released. To throw rocks at Magneto, you put him in situations where humans successfully manage to abuse mutants., It is cold and damp tonight and since it is Sunday and everything closes early that is not fun. The positive was that they changed the original forecast from an ice storm to just rain. At least I have that. I am so tired again today. But it is just boredom that makes me so tired. I don't have the money to go anywhere., Excellent win for Boston., January 3, 1806, 2109.***E-VI/13/2002. On the ready condemnation of a “dirty bomb” suspect by officials who had failed to anticipate a monstrous assault. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-30.), Saved by grace that comes by faith that is the gift of God. We can contribute nothing to our salvation, which is all the more reason to gratefully forgive those who have wronged us—whether they seek that forgiveness or not., * 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, The Lucky Lab, besides having an exceptional IPA, Superdog (I claimed it as my favorite beer to the AP, I'll stand by it), serves a limited release of single hopped IPA's, for educational purposes, I assume. They change roughly by the month, whenever the old one runs out. Right now the Lab on Quimby has a Cascade hops IPA, which I haven't tried yet., Cook onion slowly in the butter until yellow. Add water, potatoes, spinach and salt. Cook slowly until potatoes are tender. Add milk, a dash of pepper and cayenne and heat thoroughly before serving. The recipe makes 6 servings., ~Right 2 *Hide what your gov’t really Does!???, Unable to refute his arguments, I wish him good luck and bid him a fond farewell. On the way back, I spot a couple of hungry students foraging in the snow for dead rodents. It being Christmas, I invite them home for a bowl of broth and a shampoo. They accept my offer eagerly and walk behind me as a gesture of respect. I tell them to maintain a distance of ten feet and keep their hands in their pockets., And, it is quite difficult that we conquer and sublime the sense of possessions when we concern with love, I think., And now for my biological lecture for anybody who cares to read far enough down to this bit. I know why they seperated abeil society into worker-soldier-queen society: it makes for easy classification into who the commoners, the ones you fight and the one you diplomatize with are gonna be. Actual bee society is also quite interesting in that it's a worker-drone-queen society, where the all-female workers do all the work and defending of the hive. The stingless, all-male drones exist purely for the purpose of mating with the queen, usually of a different hive, since the queen stores all the genetic material necessary from previous drones for her 3-5 year lifespan., The fact that it takes place in the late Victorian era helps a lot with scary points. No electricity, no phones, no bridges and above all… no ghost-hunters. With the aid of candles and stupidity Arthur (Radcliffe) starts to unravel a deadly tale of insanity, murder and disaster., When someone dies young, people often view it as a tragedy – a life cut short, with wasted potential. Premature physical death can indeed be tragic. But there’s another kind of death that’s a blessing, especially when people are young: death to self., 10. I collect blue Ball jars. My most prized one (yes really) came from my husband's aunt. It was her mother's and it still has the vintage seal around the top. When I asked her why they stopped making them with the zinc top, she replied, "Um, World War 2 ended?" and laughed. I love her!, 1. Fill a highball glass with ice and squeeze in a wedge of grapefruit. Add vodka, elderflower cordial and apple juice and top with grapefruit juice. Stir well and serve., 6 And the men of Gibeon sent to Joshua at the camp in Gilgal, saying, “Do not relax your hand from your servants. Come up to us quickly and save us and help us, for all the kings of the Amorites who dwell in the hill country are gathered against us.” 7 So Joshua went up from Gilgal, he and all the people of war with him, and all the mighty men of valor. 8 And the Lord said to Joshua, “Do not fear them, for I have given them into your hands. Not a man of them shall stand before you.” 9 So Joshua came upon them suddenly, having marched up all night from Gilgal. 10 And the Lord threw them into a panic before Israel, who struck them with a great blow at Gibeon and chased them by the way of the ascent of Beth-horon and struck them as far as Azekah and Makkedah. 11 And as they fled before Israel, while they were going down the ascent of Beth-horon, the Lord threw down large stones from heaven on them as far as Azekah, and they died. There were more who died because of the hailstones than the sons of Israel killed with the sword., Do not over steam or overcook your fish. When you remove fish from the steamer it should still be a bit translucent at the spine. Just make sure the fish is fresh. You can add a glass of dry white wine or cider to the pot along with a few sprigs of fresh herbs, lemon and onion slices for a more robust steam flavor. If you want, you can also steam vegetables along with your fish by placing the veggies on top. To give your steamed fish that perfect sheen, brush a little amount of heated oil on the fish., I pass Mrs Marr her bag of cat food as she opens her front door. "Now you have a nice day OK. And if you’re lucky, I might just go to bingo with you one of these days!”, Quoting from the Sadducee’s accepted Scriptures, the Pentateuch, Jesus takes Exodus 3:6 to show how the resurrection fulfils God’s covenant promises to his people. He is the redeeming God of the living Patriarchs. The context in Exodus is God’s saving action and covenant faithfulness to his chosen people., The lucky winners of the Blog Giveaway are..., After this entire experience, I feel like I have finally taken the running leap off the cliff. I feel like I have finally hurled myself as far away as my speed and energy will allow me and my landing will be a bit of a splash but surfacing is now something I can do my way and on my time., We've just moved into a new place, complete with a new jewelry area! YAY! It will be some time before I get everything organized again to start making new pieces for 2011, but in the meantime, I stole this from Living Life as a Newlywed, my awesome soon-to-be-a-mom niece!, “No longer will you be trying to lock people up. You will be trying to prevent children from being locked up.”, Yet another younger man-obsessed with Ottoline?, So, here I am going to give it a try- I don’t know whether I would be able to continue it for long or not… But still I don’t think there’s anything wrong in at least trying to do so., If you think about it, this is true of all our relationships. You can enjoy a one-off event with people you aren’t all that interested in. You might enjoy the event, whether or not you enjoy the people at the event. But if you didn’t click with your fellow participants, you’re not very likely to return for a future event (unless you’re really bored). Consider the opposite circumstance—you go to an event with some people, and while there, you really click with them. You enjoy their company and conversation. If, in the future, they invite you to another event, most likely you will accept the invitation—not because of the activity itself, but because you want to spend more time with those people. In fact, you will willingly do something which was less stimulating than your original experience for the sake of the people you get to spend time with. It is character, and not activity, that drives memorable relationships., I 100% applaud the creativity and hard work of all the Aveda students! Bravo!, Actual observations have confirmed underestimation of pace for climate change., C. Finally the student may select one of three options: to get further exposure on E-marketing from an international partner institute, to be attached to an E-commerce company or be mentored while setting up an Eventure of their own., 4. it's 1356hrs here and nothing has been faxed over to the doc., Please keep in mind that this is solely a reflection on my opinion, and what I have had access to. For each indie brand featured I have picked either my personal favorite, or one that I think best represents the brand. Furthermore, all the polishes featured here are ones I have been able to acquire. Trust me, if I had access to all of the indies, this post would be a whole lot longer. So please don't think that just because I don't have a brand featured here, or didn't feature a particular polish, that I think any less of them/it. For example, I would LOVE to be able to feature some Lynnderella's here - but since I haven't been able to acquire any yet, they have been left out. :), I know I’m really behind on the Mac FF Haul post, but I just never got around to it though I got my haul from kimoko a few weeks back. But good things are worth waiting for!, The team is really looking forward to seeing your creations this week so be sure to link up and play along with us !, We started off with a furry ball attached to a string which we bought from a pet store. You can just as easily make your own. As a kitten, Leia loved following this around., At some point my mom called from my grandfather’s house and she said that my uncle ME had come to visit my grandfather, and so I walked to my grandfather’s house to greet him., “My Grandma Peg used to bring me here,” she whispered, as she opened the ornate wooden door to the converted Victorian. A little bell jingled, and we entered a world of heady aromas. Sweet teas, a lingering touch of sage, spices, perfumes…The Lavender House had a bit of everything from cooking herbs and spices to teas and essential oils. I wandered around within earshot while Marlene marched to the old wooden counter., On to the Seusstabular Freebie! I was super excited when I saw that Kristen from KPM Doodles made some Dr. Seuss clip art and I had to make something for all my favorite bloggy friends. I am planning on doing these activities during our reading time on March 2nd and rotating them through each table. (I have six tables) I hope some of you can use them!, Mandira Bedi: A reality show in its truest sense. Some stirring & troubling realities of our times.. I applaud @aamir_khan, The first coat of paint is on. Still need to paint behind the stove and fix the line on the right side of the kitchen cabinets/counter top (below picture) but I love love love it. I love my contractors (not in a love kind of way but in a THEY ARE THE BEST kind of way) They always showed up on time. Had great ideas on how to do this with my old cabinets. Along with alot of suggestions along the way. They entertained my kids by writing on the walls (with pencil, haha) they teased them and let Kyler talk for an entire WEEK or so, non stop. If you need a contractor and your in the Western Washington area, let me know., A couple of weeks ago Pumpkin made his 2nd First Communion, you can read about that here. He wanted to go through the ceremony with his friends. He looks pretty happy here, and I am sure it was because he got to celebrate with friends and Dad was the Deacon(the one making bunny ears), In the same neighbourhood dwelt Vestein, the son of Vestein. He was a seafaring man, but he had a house under Hest, a hill in Aunundarfirth. His sister’s name was Auda. Just about this time Thorbjorn Soursop and Isgerda his wife died, and were buried in a howe in Hawkdale. Thorkel and Gisli took the homestead at Sabol after him. A little after, Thorkel looked out for a wife. There was a man named Thorbjorn Sealnip. He dwelt at Talknafirth. His wife’s name was Thordisa, and Asgerda was their daughter. Thorkel Soursop asked Asgerda to wife, and got her; but his brother Gisli wooed Auda, the sister of Vestein, and got her. So both of them went on living under the same roof at Sabol in Hawkdale, and did not part their goods though they were married. The story goes on to say that one spring Thorkel of Alvidra had to make a journey south to Thorsness Thing, and Gisli and Thorkel, the Soursops, went with him. At that time Thorstein Codbiter dwelt on Thorsness. He was the son of Thorolf Mosttrarskegg. Thorgrim and Bork the Stout were the sons of Thorstein, and his daughter’s name was Thordisa. When Thorkel had got through his business at the Thing, Thorstein Codbiter asked him and the Soursops to come to his house, and gave them good gifts, and ere they parted they asked Thorstein’s sons to come and see them the spring after, west at the Dyrafirth Thing. So the winter passed over, and there were no tidings. Now the next spring comes, and the sons of Thorstein fared from home–Thorgrim and Bork and fourteen men more. When they came west to the Valsere Thing they met the Soursops there, and they asked the sons of Thorstein to come home with them after the Thing, for up to that time they had been guests of Thorkel of Alvidra. So they accepted the bidding, and fared home with the Soursops. But Thordisa, the sister of those brothers, seemed fair in the eyes of Thorgrim, and he lifted up his voice and asked for her, and she was then and there betrothed to Thorgrim, and the wedding-feast took place at once, and it was settled that she should have Sabol for her dower, the farm where these brothers had dwelt before. Then Gisli and Thorkel went to Hol and set up their abode there; but Thorgrim took up his abode there in the west, and dwelt at Sabol. Bork, his brother, had the management in Thorsness when his father Thorstein died, and there with him dwelt his nephews Quarrelsome Stein and Thorodd., Name: Amber Alley Siepel, MEMBERSHIP COORDINATOR, Third, it's a 3 color patch that I'm guessing is either from the name plate or a number., You’re there to drive them places until they get their own license., I missed Munnawar Rana Seheb who due to his knee operation was not able to come. Get well soon sir., Keely generously invited all of us to her home one evening, for a beautiful dinner party with delicious Mexican food and other homemade treats; and we had the joy of meeting her family and being surrounded by her wonderfully artistic decor. Keely had transformed her living room into an art room, and the results were spirited and beautiful. As soon as we entered her home, we were literally surrounded by her whimsical and colorful works of art, perfectly arranged - almost like being in a Keely Gallery., I prepared the spigarello in a similar manner as broccoli rabe: tough stems removed, quickly blanched the leaves for 2 minutes in boiling water, drained the leaves in a colander and sauteed it in olive oil with shallot, garlic and crushed red pepper for about 5 minutes, seasoning with salt and pepper., To help you understand from my perspective, if I am keenly looking for predators in a fearful rather than observant state I will emit an odor of fear that can attract my predators. When I am happily playing and enjoying the bounty of spring there is less chance the predator will notice me. I think this would be good for you humans…play more and pay less attention to the predators…you will attract less of them., Order Drinks With the Word “Sex” in Them: such as “Screaming Orgasms,” “Sex on the Beach” “Watermelon Blow Jobs,” etc, etc. Just ordering these drinks will make you seem sexier to anyone within ear shot of you. This comes in handy if you are trying to hook up with the bartender., 6. I'm mostly polite, even when I feel like killing., So what does doing NOTHING look like? Give your tales of nothing... or if you have no inclination to write about such things, maybe read about the idea here., But today, after 5 years, decided that these notes don’t anything for me anymore. Sure, they hold sentimental value, but the depth of the relationship would be reflected in what I have TODAY and that looks very different from what the notes say., Maybe you sit and read a book. Maybe you stare out the window or balcony and listen to your favorite musician. Maybe you learn how to whistle…meditate…stretch…lounge…or (gasp!) nap. What can you do today to begin doing nothing?, Wish I was with you, Laughing and talking, The cover design here is by London firm Two Associates, and as with the Richard Price book and the way its cover resembles those adorning other contemporary crime novels, the cover of Never Let Me Go is very much what we expect a literary novel to look like. Which is to say, it conforms to our current expectations – formed by countless other books and indeed films, film posters, adverts, and so on – of what a literary novel should look like: a blurry image, an elegant font. And like the Price novel, it almost certainly plays to those expectations. After all, one of the purposes of a book cover is to be attractive to, and therefore to attract, the sort of person who might be interested in that book; to get you, the book-buyer, to pick up and buy that book. So in that sense, playing to the gallery is perfectly understandable: Samaritan looks like a crime novel – looks like novels by the aforementioned Pelecanos, Lehane, and even, say, Ian Rankin, and consequently might well attract anyone interested in crime novels or the works of messers Pelecanos et al; and the Ishiguro conforms to the stereotype of what a so-called literary novel should look like, right down to the faux staining and distressing (this isn't a notably scruffy copy; those scuffs and marks you can see on the jacket are a design choice), and would therefore quite conceivably attract a bookworm of a literary bent., and they all fit!, Press coconut flakes into an ungreased pie plate, pushing them up the sides. Then drizzle a thin layer of honey on top of the coconut flakes., 1 paths, ‘Shoujo Camera’ is scheduled to open in theaters this winter., because sometimes they are not my own., So that is what my mother and I made for last Easter. Last Easter I wasn't a vegetarian, so I decided not to post pictures of the main meal, but I look forward to this Easter and can't wait to show you the photos of all the delicious food we eat., Williams and Jackson pleaded guilty in the other sexual assault case and served shorter sentences for that. Jackson is still on parole for a robbery committed in 1970. He said he hoped to start a business., C) hence the consistent, absent source of power without using ugly, neck-breaking postponement cords, I can’t imagine giving birth to a child, burying it, and never naming it. I wish I knew what happened to Emma and her sister. I wish I knew how Myrtle died. I wish I could have reached out to Myrtle 90 years ago and offered some type of comfort., I ordered a sample of this off of their website and the colour is spot-on. I love the finish of this foundation (dewy but not oily) and I think it's what MUFE HD foundation should have been. I apply this product with the new MAC 130 brush and a little goes a long way -- I have used the sample at least 3 times a week over the last 4 weeks and still have almost the entire sample left. This photographs beautifully and I'm considering purchasing the full sized bottle after I use up all my other foundations., As for me, I intend to focus my blog on more ‘boring’ things now. I have a couple of really cool conferences lined up for the next couple of weeks and I intend to tweet from them and perhaps even put up some posts from the road., 4) Go for a walk to test weather resistance of new outfit., What the FBI didn’t tell us about the hotel malware threat – Do you use the internet in hotels when travelling abroad? Do you think it’s safe to do so? The FBI thinks you should be careful.. but is being surprisingly coy about the details., Get all the info you can on the display., Hi there! Just a quick post today to share my projects with this month's LE kit from My Creative Scrapbook. With Christmas only a couple of weeks, I'm sure you're in the mood for some holiday crafting. You'll love this beautiful kit which includes a wonderful mix of My Mind's Eye Lost & Found Christmas and Simple Stories 25 Days of Christmas. I really enjoyed working with it and here's what I created..., FORMAT, I’m working on a Top Secret Photo Mission that I will only be able to reveal to you and it’s intended recipient(s) upon it’s successful completion. That being said, I saw a few potentially worthy subjects yesterday after Isaac and I walked over to get Chinese food (he’d had a craving) but it’s not easy taking photos when your hands are full of chow mien and egg flower soup., Sure you have to head to your local store and spend a few dollars but, if this projects are on your list of things to do this spring anyway, why not help support the cause., I turned around and shifted out the window as a rain of bullets pursued me. I turned and ran toward the street., I love this book; it almost makes me wish to walk into a pub, and then scares me slightly off doing so., Something happened to my router. Or maybe it was my DSL. Or something. Anyway, I couldn't get online. I learned something about myself when I couldn't get online. I have an addiction. When I couldn't log on, I started hyperventilating, freaking out that I was missing ...I don't even know what I was missing, but I was sure I was missing SOMETHING! Something big and important and terribly exciting! My heart was beating 200 times a minute and I started twitching. I, the person who used to say that computers were evil, was going through withdrawal because I couldn't connect to the cyberworld., for more than a quarter of a century now and have been an observer of the difficult and fascinating process of the continuing development of German identity during this period. If there can be one lesson learnt from the current Grass controversy it is that even today, 67 years after the liberation of the concentration camps and the end of the war, it is still difficult to have a “normal” dialogue in Germany regarding the complex themes of Germany, Judaism, the Shoah and Israel. There has been little, HABIB S, RISHPON S, RUBIN L. Influenza vaccination among health care workers. Isr Med Assoc J 2000; 2: 899-901., What did you say? Is the math wonky? It probably is, I have not tested this, and am not that great at crafting mathematically sound rules. But, take it and run with it! Let me know what you think., as often as possible., Says Asin, “It’s my first multi-heroine film and I had a blast with all the girls. Zareen, Jacqueline and Shazahn are very sweet and down-to-earth..I was thankfully spared by Akshay. I wasn’t a target of his pranks, but I bonded equally with John. He’s half Malayali and I am one too, so we spoke about the food and culture and all things Mallu. I even tried to teach him a bit of the language” ., Fiat has worked really hard to erase any bad feelings about their owning the Chrysler Corporation. They recently redesigned the Dodge Charger and Chrysler 300 (awesome job, guys!), plus they redesigned the Dodge Durango and they also freshened the Chrysler Sebring (now Chrysler 200) and the Dodge Avenger. Just to top that off, they redesigned the Jeep Grand Cherokee, and freshened the rest of the Jeep line. If that wasn’t enough, they just brought back the SRT (previously Dodge) Viper. Nice!, “What is he a Saint for?” she asked, a smile creeping into her voice., It feels like rejection. And- I ought to be able to deal with this, I ought to get the job- I find my lack of control distressing. I need to accept that I am not in control. So the spiritual growth stuff which I do has value., Today, as we draw ever closer to that transcendental object at the end of time, TOATEOT, Humanity represents the cutting edge of complexity. The whole process is one of moving towards complexification, his Novelty; our Fusion as one Consciousness; the Omega Point., The rest of the week was very low key. It was so nice to not really have any plans just relax and enjoy the family! Deric and I took Amelia out into the fields one day to get some pictures. Deric loved playing with the camera and got a TON of landscape photos which are really good. But because we all know y'all just want to see the babe I will just show you a few!, About 11 weeks out from the race, I started hitting the gym with a vengeance, once again. This is in addition to my normal running schedule. All of my leg presses and such on “leg day,” which always fell on Wednesdays, were of the one-leg variety, to strengthen knees and stabilizer muscles. High-reps and low weight ruled my leg workouts. I wanted to feel the burn on those last five reps. My upper body workouts were geared toward good core strength, and regaining some strength in my upper body that I had lost over the past year, due to lack of consistency in my gym training., Me: Oh, im gonna get the nipples., Second thing is the consignment ratio payout. The shop gets 60% while the consignor gets 40%. Not the greatest payout, but when I take into consideration the fact that they do all of the work (and their overhead costs and the fact that it gets the stuff out of my house super easily, well, it's worthwhile to me, I think.), The referendum date was set out in the terms of the 2005 peace deal that ended the last bloody struggle between the north and the south, where most people follow Christianity and traditional beliefs., Some other colleges situated in South Dakota emphasize mainly one or a mere technical violation and is one of South Carolina's defensive statistics against other opponents, they had to watch the south carolina county history in 8 plays. From then on, South Carolina Department of Motor Vehicles hearing officer within thirty days and if it is to accompany the south carolina county history as to the prestigious South Carolina mortgage fraud investigation, when a citizen receives a target letter, subject letter, or a subpoena to testify in front of the south carolina county history with copies of all this is not a problem because you will have to do so, the south carolina county history at heart., Coming Soon:, The five soups/stews in my rotation for Souper Sundays (the adorable name I use for making a massive amount of food before the work week) are: chicken vegetable, mushroom barley, hambone, roasted vegetable, and chili. The first four have been covered to varying degrees on this blog, but I’ve never talked much about my chili so I figured it was time to address it. Also, I didn’t want to do two WCIC posts back to back so this was the only alternative., “And, the beds?”, At first, I thought it was just a mash injury, which hurts like hell for a few minutes then goes away., I know unconditional love., I decided to make chocolate cream pies this past Wednesday. The Penguins were playing the Maple Leafs, so I figured it’d be nice to bake while listening to the game online. I Googled up some pie recipes and was struck by the fact that the first four I found were all different. I eventually decided to make chocolate cream pie MY way. Here is what I used:, The career carnival, which began in March, offered 85,000 jobs opportunities and 24,000 have been filled, to date., So I'm typing this on a screen layout that looks like a Dadaist version of a web form, and now I'm just going to start clicking the cursor randomly around the screen and hope one of these pixels is hiding the "Publish" butto, 4 grille, I've heard it said bad things happen in 3's but wouldn't you know it mine come in 4's! (not really bad things per say, let's just call them incidents) LOL, If you're ever in the area, Blue Mountain Brewery should be on your list of places to visit. What better way to spend a Saturday afternoon than drinking fine beer with a good meal in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains?, When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter,, CS~SU!, A song the very God who made you, Fingertips trailing your spine,, It is the apostle’s defense to show that he is, and why he is, God’s apostle. It starts with the truth of Jesus Christ. He is the Son of God. How did Paul know? He spoke with Him. Then it involves the failure of Israel spiritually. If it weren’t for that Paul would not have been chosen as the Apostle of the Gentiles., "A little, but we'll take our warm sleeping bags. It'll be fine.", Do I walk in darkness or the light?, It looks as if Mr Watson has not followed LPW’s advice from last August “However, we can be absolutely clear that Tom Watson MP is quite wrong in law to suggest that the absence of these emails by itself makes the case’s outcome fundamentally questionable. Watson may hold that view, but the High Court of Justiciary certainly won’t sympathise.”, porque no se donde voy, “We had a good training match where we were able to play every player in the squad of 23,” said Ghana assistant coach James Appiah., Monday, May 16, 1983, I returned home from school, dropped my school books on the dresser as the doorbell rang. A young goodlooking guy with bright blue eyes, Kurt Cobain, smiled as I opened the door. Without a word he pointed to the old van parked at the top of my drive. The side door swung open and my mouth dropped as the lead singer in full stage costume exited. If the phone had not started ringing, distracting me, I might have been more concerned about how and why this man knew where I lived., Out back old plum and peach trees were laden with ripe fruit,, It gets pretty tiring being a public figure, but I figure putting on a show for the cameras is the least I can do for you little people., feeding into that fear and nurturing it – we cannot win. Whether or, Now it is Thursday. The day has been uneventful, quiet but not peaceful. Trudging., “Let as many servants as are under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all honour, that the name of God and his doctrine be not blasphemed. And they that have believing masters, let them not despise them, because they are brethren; but rather do them service, because they are faithful and beloved, partakers of the benefit. These things teach and exhort.” I Timothy 6:1- 2, throughout this mighty land, On a different not we have three weeks of school left. not even that because next week is our last full week of classes! We are so excited to be done and we cant wait to start our seven week vacations! Next semester Brandon is on track and i am going to take three online classes and (hopefully) do my medical assisting externship(two people actually called me back today about them, maybe my luck has changed) I am terified for my externship. I feel like i know nothing. Its been an entire year since i took the first medical assisting class and i feel like i have forgotten it all! yikes! I pitty the poor person who I have to draw blood from or give a shot. I am not very well practiced anymore!, I cut out extra blue flowers and layered them., Thanks a lot green beer!!, 2. Head to the Captain, located on the west side of Yaston's town and talk to this man. He will offer free nautical lessons if you retrieve his logs from a man named Mhuk. He hands you a letter, tells you to go find Mhuk. You can now enter south Yaston past the guards., For mortgage holders, its same old same old, with credit costs running near their long term average, although the average home-owner has been feeling the brunt of inflation with utilities and living costs surging in the past year (particularly around SE Qld were water was sold off)., Corporate Challenge- Delaware Park- 6:45 p.m., There was a little of this:, him by they noticed each other . They started to get to know, Taking a deep breath she continued, “Ok, so then, here’s the new idea; instead of leaving it in your wardrobe, and gradually building up such a huge store of unwanted clothes that you have to buy a new house to keep them in, as we have all been doing so far, what you do is…You Take Them To A Store And Give Them Away., Juxtaposing this to the Nigerian scenario, Nigerian writers and creative artists have to jettison their mystical appendages in contemporary works. This is not an advocacy for rejecting our roots and beliefs. Writers and artistes remind us of our history, portray the challenges of the present, but more importantly create a future for generations yet unborn. Creative writers channel the thought pattern of society. What type of future are we creating? What type of picture are we painting presently? One shrouded in magic, mystical forces and superstitions. Do we choose to remain at the lowest rungs of societal development? The answer lies in the way we use our pens., After two years of freedom, Rose and Lissa are caught and dragged back to St. Vladimir's Academy, a school for vampire royalty and their guardians-to-be, hidden in the deep forests of Montana. But inside the iron gates, life is even more fraught with danger... and the Strigoi are always close by., Clear Stamp : Prima Marketing, The first game of the Dallas Cowboy’s 2012-2013 season will be at the defending Super-Bowl Champion/hated conference rival (New York Giants)., We need to become more stabilized and less polarized. Where are the Adalai Stevensons, Lyndon Johnsons, Sam Rayburns, Shirley Chisolms, Robert Byrds, Hubert Humphreys, and Harry Trumans of today?, The Alliance Party consisting of UMNO, MCA and MIC were badly shaken in 1969 by the people’s sentiments in the historic general election., Kill List by Ben Wheatley and Amy Jump, Let me share an example. Last night, Kade invented a new game. On it's face, it seemed pretty simple and fun. He took a sheet of paper and divided it into 64 equal squares, and then numbered each square. He and I used chess pawns as our game pieces, and then took turns drawing two playing cards each from a deck, adding the numerical value of the cards together, and then moving our pieces the appropriate number of squares. As we got closer to the 64th square, we decided that we needed to land exactly on #64 to win, and that we could use only one of the cards instead the total of the two once we got close. Now, an 8x8 numbered grid makes things pretty easy, if you think about it. If I needed to move eight squares, well that was just moving down one space. If I needed to move ten, that was down one and over two, because eight and two equals ten. Oh, the permutations . . . we tried the game several ways, at one point starting from different ends so that one of us had to subtract and the other had to add. It was great fun., I think about time some... well... times. Last Tuesday, I wrapped up my holiday shopping. In less than five minutes from thinking "I should really buy them something because the big day is less than a week away" I had finished placing an order for a piece of electronics, which would be delivered in time for Christmas., I’ll be watching to see if The King’s Speech, along with actors, Colin Firth – Best Actor nominee, Geoffrey Rush – Best Supporting Actor Nominee, Helena Bonham Carter – Best Supporting Actress Nominee, will take home the Oscar for Best Picture. It’s also nominated for Best in: Art Direction, Cinematography, Costume Design, Directing, Film Editing, Music (Original Score), Sound Mixing and Writing (Original Screenplay)., There is an interesting moment where Arbuckle, witnessing a tramp harassing girlfriend Minta Durfee, mugs angrily and moves toward the camera until his face fills the frame in a giant close-up that is at once menacing and comical. There is also a closeup of Minta Durfee used in a reaction shot in the first reel, as well as a later close shot of an anxious Mack Swain cheering on the boxing match from his ringside seat. In fact, THE KNOCKOUT contains several moments where the framing suggests greater care than the average Keystone comedy of this period. Subtle but creative use of camera angles, and the use of medium shots to bring the audience a little closer to Arbuckle, serve as evidence of this. These little moments are crucial in establishing the connection between the clown and the audience; Chaplin clearly knew this, and used such moments sparingly throughout his career. While some critics have seen this as evidence of Chaplin’s lack of technique, it is rather a sophisticated use of such techniques by limiting their use, thereby increasing their effectiveness when used., (1) must rest on substantial distinctions;, And some with a fountain pen., The Assholes can rejoice because Anderson wins with the Mic Check. I have to say though, this doesn’t do any wonders for Jay Lethal, given that it was such a short match, but at the end, they shake hands and all is forgiven., ~Enjoy and Please feel to comment, As a tropical country located at the centre of the Indochina peninsula in Southeast Asia, Thailand abounds with seafood, rice, vegetables, coconuts and sugarcanes. Greatly owing to its rich and fresh raw materials, Thai food is internationally famous as Thai girls. It pays much attention to the flavouring substances and most of them are peculiar to Southeast Asia and Thailand. The most common and typical flavouring substances are Kaffir Lime, fish sauce, Kanthari chilli and curry paste., There are two little challenges bundled in to this card...., Before she could answer, he steered her across the hall and opened the door to a small, tidy office, then closed the door behind him. “Sit down and talk to me.” He remained standing., I love me separate-ness, my "apart-ness", It’s a cycle., The centre itself is a fabulous mix of traditional old farmhouse, living community and religious retreat with its Yurt, Kiln, Lovers Lake, Labyrinth and Temple of Love. The welcome, and way we were instantly treat as part of their community was an example to us all., Attendees ran from Beer Geeks to sloven morons looking for a quick buzz. More sloven drunks than beer geeks... actually., My tester chose Option #3. She has been taking the Fertibella for 2 1/2 weeks and has just used the ovulation strips and found that she is indeed ovulating. She tells me that the TTC Kit has been easy to use, the pills are easy to take and she feels confident that they are working! I am so looking forward to being able to update you all when she becomes pregnant. I'm so glad that I was given the opportunity to be able to do this review and to give the Kit to someone who so deserves to become a Mommy., Let's Ride (Delete Track), A TSUNAMI WARNING IS IN EFFECT FOR, We had a lovely afternoon with our sweet friends from the Chuan. I'm glad we got to taste the flavors of Thanksgiving without me having to cook everything., ….and so on. When I felt the need to start fact-checking the authors research, it spoilt my enjoyment of the book., Holy cow! Can you believe there's only about 8 weeks (or hopefully a little less) until Jaxon arrives?! This pregnancy has flown by but I have a feeling the next few weeks are just going to crawl until his due date. Thank goodness I have some holidays in the meantime to help make the time pass by more quickly., 17th Army Command, Frank (Just Frank) - Jalousie, But her revival, and Ben's possible role in it, is only the first of the puzzles that Janelle must solve. While snooping in her FBI agent father's files for clues about her accident, she uncovers a clock that seems to be counting down to something—but to what? And when someone close to Janelle is killed, she can no longer deny what's right in front of her: Everything that's happened—the accident, the murder, the countdown clock, Ben's sudden appearance in her life—points to the end of life as she knows it. And as the clock ticks down, she realizes that if she wants to put a stop to the end of the world, she's going to need to uncover Ben's secrets—and keep from falling in love with him in the process., But Dmitry Artamonov, who heads Greenpeace's St Petersburg office, accused Vodokanal of hiding information about the plant's effects on the environment., 301) happy kids...7 of them around the house today...playing Lego, beading , skating..., The TARDIS is an integral part of the Doctor Who series; more or less, it’s a spaceship that can travel through time and space. I’ve really gotten into Doctor Who in recent months and I’ve been doing a lot of Doctor Who crafts: papercraft, 2D perler, cross stitch, and now 3D perler. As a side note, if anyone’s interested in a cross stitched TARDIS (or anything else) let me know and we can talk prices, I absolutely love commissioned work!!, Always Stay Graceful,, This proportion (0.05 per cent) of alcohol is allowed to be added only when there is a medical treatment case, he said. Source, 77) I myself do not fart. Okay, it's kind of like that "If a tree falls in the forest, and no one's around, does it make a sound" kind of thing. But still, I fart very rarely. I read that the average person farts about 15 times a day, and I can go days without farting., Icelandic band showcased by French news site, And as for my little mental challenge I posed earlier, as long as your instruments give you an indication of the windspeed and your current glide angle I don’t think it’s too difficult… Convert the windspeed in km/h into m/s by dividing by 4. Call this “w”. If you’re in a 1 m/s thermal then then as long as your glide angle before the thermal was greater than w then stay in the climb. If not, leave the thermal and carry on. So, if the wind is 20km/h, then w=5m/s, so if you’re in a 1m/s climb and your glide angle was better than 5:1 then stick with it., Here's a guestblog I did for Girl's Guide to Paris, cross posting a bit here but there's a lot more including some ideas to celebrate Bastille Day in Paris -- click here to read the rest!, She likes to pretend she’s a mama, pushing the stroller, putting her baby to bed with a blanket, feeding us, cooking for us, and of course bossing us all around with that finger and babble we cannot understand. If we could understand it she would probably be in trouble., It was not a brighter day in Nassau. It rained the entire trip but we were going on the island this time. You can’t let a little rain ruin your vacation. It is all about how you make your experience. We even made fashionable rain outfits out of trash bags! Some of us had on dresses, cardigans, and coats made out of a plastic bag. It was hilarious and we dressed it up with accessories like belts. When we got off the ship we ran to the island, which we didn’t need to do because there were shuttles taking us from the ship to the entrance of the island. We got wet for nothing but we kept pressing on., This query does what it needs to do: entices me to read pages., I generally try to keep everything under control and avoid dwelling too much on the past, I guess the distractions, good and bad, of recent times have helped in that respect and I generally like to keep busy. Things do get past my defences though. A few weeks ago I received by decree absolute, something that I knew was on it's way and that really is only the final piece of paperwork to confirm the end of my marriage. I thought I was prepared for it, but I wasn't, it was still incredibly upsetting., Desperate times; desperate measures, as they say, caused me to recently rip off a sheet of baking parchment as an experimental wrap on a really nice cheese. Viola!! Parchment can be found for under $3 for a 30-square foot roll at the grocery, and I always have it around. My cheese paper dilemma has been solved. No extra clutter, no exorbitant prices, and really nice, fresh cheese., Gorgeous cover aside, this is a thrilling addition to the seemingly unstoppable wave of new dystopian fiction. Mia is a lightning addict. She's been struck so many times that she has a positive charge all her own, and doesn't feel truly alive until a storm brews overhead, setting her skin tingling and her energy reaching out to draw the lightning down. For now, however, she has quite enough on her plate trying to keep her family together in the aftermath of the great earthquake that shook LA a month ago. Thousands are homeless and starving, her mother is wracked with anxiety after her near-death experience, and now she and her brother must go back to school in order to qualify for food rations. But things aren't going to go back to normal for Mia anytime soon. Two warring cults are rising, both proclaiming that the end of the world is coming, that a great storm will herald the beginning of the apocalypse - and that Mia is the key. Throw Jeremy into the mix - a beautiful tormented boy who sees visions of the future and warns Mia away from both the darkly mysterious Seekers and the super-religious Followers - and the scene is set for a cracking good read (no pun intended)!, No news: it is not clear why NAMA sold the property at this time and didn’t wait for a recovery in prices. Given that the IMF was urging the agency to dispose of assets sooner rather than later and with rumours of an IMF staff member permanently occupying a desk in NAMA’s offices at Treasury Building, perhaps the final decision to sell was not NAMA’s to make…, Another corporate excuse that has backfired methinks., A real band has to perform live, though, so we arranged to play our two songs in between sets of a terrible new wave group at the horrible Nino's Steak House. We were just terrible (success!), but the audience was enthusiastic. Here's a flier for the show:, Possesssion by Elana Johnson, But in their comments, companies warned NTIA to focus only on drafting voluntary guidelines, not mandatory rules., Tools--Scor-Pal, Fiskars punches, CutterBee snips, Cuttlebug, Sizzix embossing folders, GUILLERMO DEL TORO on the book's back cover calls FLESH AND BLOOD..."PHENOMENAL!", 2 teaspoons dried basil leaves, * Link up your blog name and URL using the MckLinky below. Only need to add on one blog to be seen on all the blog hops., It was on Cote de Texas as part of Joni’s Top Ten Design Elements where I learned the virtues of linen, slipcovers, seagrass rugs, curtains, lighting, wall décor, and antiques. Each post in this series delves into the details and reasons for each element and includes beautiful supporting pictures. The list has not been completed yet so I am very interested to see what elements Joni chooses to add., There is a whole field of study called “social cognitive theory” which stems from “social learning theory”. So much of what we think we know has been learned from the cultural setting that nurtures us. It shapes our behavior, our likes and dislikes, and even to some degree to how we respond to aesthetics. It is from this body of information that we shape our dogma, and how we form attitudes that allow the infectious nature of urban myth to spread., For the Turkey Steaks:, Who are these millionaires?… well 23 of the 29 in the cabinet are! Here’s just 23 of the 14,000 millionaires to benefit from a L40k tax cut funded by the http://tinyurl.com/3xz33wd, If you need to, secure the foam in the container with a piece of floarl tape. If you don't have any one hand scotch tape works just as well. THis is especially helpful for shallow containers or ones with a rounded bottom., Maybe that would explain why asian girls are masters of makeup take a look of some of these amazing transformations:, The second-floor included a replica jail cell and with a female warden's uniform from 1896, when four women were hired due to public demand after a sharp increase in female prisoners. There was also a display of Brooklyn Police Department badges prior to 1898 when the borough was still an independent city, and a 1920s slot-machine in front of mug shots of prominent gangsters of the time. The same room also had a large display of nineteenth and early-twentieth century handcuffs and guns. The first floor showcases examples of the uniform throughout the decades, and has a great collection of old motorcycles. Naturally, I asked if they were hiring, and naturally they said they weren't. But at least I got an enriching afternoon of New York City history for only eight bucks! If you're in town, I highly recommend it!, What one doesn't realize going into a tome like this is that you can't actually begin the cooking process for about a week after you purchase the book. There is a lot of background on the kinds of wines and butters and cookware you'll need before you even begin. Then there is a lot of shopping., I never get sad at the fact that boo is getting older., I’m Speaker7, and I fight crime with Metamucil., 2 cans water (volume of the tin can), O Would Have: Past tense that draws attention to things that didn’t actually happen., In my search of the internet for informative paranormal related articles and theories, I’ve stumbled across several of these “you know you’re a ghost hunter when…” posts. Here is just a small list of my favorites plus a couple of my own thrown in. Check them out and see if you can add to the list. ;D, Kept forgetting each time., We all know that writing is writing and editing is editing., "CON EDISON" manhole cover., NASOH was founded in 1973 to provide a forum for maritime history and remains actively devoted to the study and promotion of naval and maritime history. The society’s objectives are to promote the exchange of information among its members and others interested in the history of the seas, lakes, and inland waterways; to call attention to books, articles, and documents pertinent to naval and maritime history; and to work with local, regional, national, international, and government organizations toward the goal of fostering a more general awareness and appreciation for North America’s naval and maritime heritage., Wed 19 @ Harpa - Reykjavík Concert Hall, I wrote Nothing But Trouble when I saw the call out for the Honky Tonk Hearts series with The Wild Rose Press. Cowboys, a honky tonk bar, a bull named Stud Muffin… (Okay Stud Muffin was my addition. LOL) What could be more fun than that! I hope everyone who reads Nothing But Trouble has a smile on their face when they finish and a warm feeling in their heart for the HEA ending., CONGRATULATIONS, YOU HAVE PRIVILEGE!, Your words, put pudding into mold, Whatever happens ‘Geech’ will be remembered more for his successes than failures, but he was unable to get Bath consistently finding a fluent style to their game that prevented them from building any momentum., Celebrity Theatre, Ben and Jasmine are our heroes in this fight against a parasitic plague of ‘crawlers’, horrific creatures that swarm the Barbican Theatre in London (the wonderful setting for this story) and take over the mind of their human host. Teamed with only their quick thinking and dysfunctional school friends, Ben and Jasmine have a matter of hours to escape the crawlers and their Queen, whose simple wish is to control the mind of every human on the planet., The whole experience was so fun!! My Mom decided she didn't want to go with us and majorly regretted her decision once Kelsie and I left for the theatre., "Interesting.", If you look closely enough you'll see contributions from some established mailart legends like JJAltheway, with her final piece from mailart 365! What an adventure it's been JJ! I too feel kinda gutted that you're not posting everyday and I can only imagine the sense of emptiness (I'm still stuck on 140/365) There's a Valentines day card from Laura Podob and Mrs Thundercat appears on there all the way from Holland too., What if this pain that I keep having, and that is getting more painful, really is cancer? What if I die in another year? What if this is all my life amounts to? What if I never get the relationship, the marriage that always meant so much to me? What if I don’t get to be who I wanted to be? What if this is it? And I die only having lived this little? Not having lived anywhere close to what I wanted to live?, Being Canadian has it's advantages when you are married to an American. In July it happens to be a month of fun and parties! We celebrate Canada day on the 1st and Independence day on the 4th. A whole four days of fireworks (if there isn't a burn ban-DANG! the OK drought this year), food, fun, and celebration., That with him were, what time the Love Divine, Moore Lappe, Michael doesn’t work alone. He is complimented by Faith. Power (Michael) gives the will to action, but without faith, the actions will not be successful. The brief definition of faith is believing unconditionally. Even though Leoben tortured her, her never lost faith in her. He was the one to show her the images of her dying mother so she could forgive herself and relive the past. He was her guiding light when she was trying to lead the fleet to Earth. He gave her advice and made her push through the most difficult times in her life. In a nut shell, Leoben was giving hope to Starbuck even when she didn’t believe in herself. She had to believe in herself in order to complete her actions, or journey., Ugadi is a festival of all tastes called as Shadrachalu and for this Ugadi let us have a very different type of Obbattu. This is a spicy version of obbattu or even call it as a stuffed or vegetable paratha. Whatever the name may be but, this is definitely that you should not be missing to make. You can have it as snack or even as a meal . The flavor and taste that you get from the ground fresh masala makes it more appealing and tastier. You can feel it, Reverse Osmosis Water Filtration Systems, An interesting idea from last night’s British Library event was that “fuck” and “cunt” and sexual swearing in general have lost their impact and that the taboo swear words of the future are likely to be racial and religious words., Before you leap in and tell me about Quince Paste, let me say I tried making it one year. It becomes a seething, boiling, volcanic hell-hole of a saucepan. It spits lava at you. Hot, blistering lava. The only sensible way to stir it is with a towel wrapped around your arm., 2 chairs, ...don't tell me you didn't sing in your head 'to defeat...the huns...', struck by lightning… this is also used in the sauna water… The collective use of crystals in food, drinking water, and inspired living, is quickly realized to bring great energy… as the camp values the, After a night of crazy sex, Beyan basically said that if Ben married Courtney *gasp* it would be a big mistake. I mean, come one. Rehearse some more, Beyan. Here’s the speech that closes it. You don’t say “she’s in it to win it”. You say “Look Ben. She’s hot, we get it. She’s an actress sort of and she doesn’t have human feelings and I get how that can be appealing, but here’s the deal. She is an awful person to everyone and even in a group of 20 people, Khadafi would have found 1 fucking friend. I wanted to marry you, but if it isn’t me, at least Sally Field is a nice person and War Horse knows how to ride horses and her parents do weird shit like make you pull them around in chariots. That’s hilarious.”, The experiences before me, It was a great and inexpensive date! Just a couple of cups of coffee! Since we pushed this date back to April, we still have to make it to our original April date! Let's see if we can get that done in the next week!!, Good reason to be careful out there., Remember the few rules that we have - make sure it's new and family friendly, limit yourself to 2 entries please, and link your individual blog post to here while mentioning Jellypark Friday Friends. the complete list of rules is over on the side bar. you are welcome to use any images or stamps you would like, but a Jellypark image will get you an extra entry into the chance for Top 3. One winner will receive their choice of a digital image from the Jellypark store! :), Bedtime is a funny thing for me. Now that I am an adult (please withhold the snide remarks) I have the freedom to stay up as late as I want. I know full well that if I get to bed around 9 or 9:30 that I am alert, well-rested and better able to maintain a positive attitude the following day, yet I still fight it like an elementary school kid who is worried about missing out on something., Blogging is good for my girlish figure. I’m in shape, pear-shaped, but a shape. My wife is a bit of a compulsive snacker and snack buyer, especially if it’s on sale. Under the stairs, just off the rec room we have a small storage room. We have six bags of four different flavor potato chips. We have three piles of large chocolate bars. We have four different kinds of nuts, a box of chocolate truffles, some roasted pumpkin seeds from Halloween, some pretzels, some cheese twists and some Toffeefay. If we go downstairs to watch TV at night, I have very little won’t-power. She’ll suggest a snack, and our weight goes up. I should come upstairs to blog more often. No snacks. No temptation! No weight gain., This was a day in which I wanted to do something particular but couldn't. Today is an old friend's birthday. I haven't talked with her in several years. So my plan for today was to surprise her with a phone call. Due to some frustrating problems with our phone, I had to wait until 9:00pm to call her, but then ended up not being able to do it due to family needs., I just finished going over the online proofs of my images and text for Diagram magazine. Sorry – not allowed to share the proofs page (you’ll just have to wait). I enjoy popping in to the Diagram online presence. It’s an art and literary magazine organized around odd diagrams and everything diagram like. It’s about the most fun I’ve had reading a journal online (though I wish the one with the gumballs hadn’t gone kaput). I’ve found that most of the small press editors are pretty good-natured, and I’ve learned something about Arizona’s experiment in camel mail. Perhaps even something true., President get it so wrong, Maybe he walked around in a red suit all day, and kids kept coming up to him asking him for presents. I suppose at some point, you’ve got to give in. But of course, I wanted to know what aspect of him was so santalike. Perhaps it was his constant winking. Poor guy has a tic, and everyone won’t leave him alone about it., THE LOVE COMPETITION: In Stanford, a group of volunteers agree to undergo an fMRI while thinking about love and see who can make their MRI light up with the most love. It's an interesting way to examine the myriad of ways of thinking about love, and the participants all come out transformed (whether the MRI has anything to do about it or it's all from focusing on love is at this point a matter of opinion.) I'd feel much better about the results if I believed that fMRI was more than just a few steps above phrenology., I have 5 of these planters to do and, 1 maturation, So I say to the missus, Angry Hands by Manby's Head, 8And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes., "I thought he was saying cute gibberish," Stan's dad said."I didn't know that he was speaking in a satanic language.", Narrow your choices. Decide at the outset what kind of accommodation you need. Whether you are travelling with friends, with children or with elderly people... this can change the parameters of your search. Think of the weather... winter travel means that you can stay somewhere more confined, without a pool but travelling in the summer changes all that. A refreshing swim at the end of a long dry day can make all the difference..., 2) Don't accumulate too much stuff in the stamp room. It just makes clean-up after a flood much more difficult., regardless of the desire and spirituality of the individual himself. We have to explore our individual Jewish identification not as the verdict of these external forces, but as the conscious decision of the individual himself based on his intellectual understanding of the history of the Jewish people and their unique role in the advancement of the ideas of “A Better World” for every human being. We have to create our own individual programs of being Jewish, work on their implementation and enjoy it., Hey, Cohen: where's all that "free health care" coming from in your pathetic excuse for an analysis?, opinion, from either a PR agency or a company. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: " Guides concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising. You can also go here and read my PR Polices., “Nora...”, and yes, once we legally bought those books from Amazon, they became OUR personal property. And as such, we can do with them as we wish. As to Joan’s charge she never got paid for them – BALONEY! I don’t believe that for one minute., Everyone in America, whether he wishes this country well or ill, should read a dire warning of the consequences of mass immigration and ethnic separatism called Civil War II: The Coming Breakup of America. Its author, Thomas Chittum, fought as a mercenary in Rhodesia and Croatia, which has obviously colored his perception; but one man who's lived through history-in-the-making deserves more consideration than all the pundits in the liberal echo-chamber called the Mass Media., This is a charitable trust which was started to try to make a positive difference in the area., We decided to go up with all three girls and two candles. I explained to Abigail as we walked up that I would light our candle. Jonathan had Sarah and Lily and a candle he would light. Abigail gave me no problems, but as soon as Sarah saw the second candle lit she yelled "my candle, my candle!" So Jonathan did what any parent would do, he handed her the candle! I couldn't believe it! So I'm freaking out as we walk back to our seats. I managed to keep the girls still as they each held a candle, making sure to keep the flame far away from their hair or the seats in front of us. Then Sarah thought it would be fun to blow her candle out. Then she proceeded to light it back up using Abigail's flame. After this both girls would giggle and Sarah would blow the candle out and do it all over again. All this happened as the congregation sang SILENT night (and at this point it was voices only, no instruments). At this point I decided the best thing to do was blow Abigail's candle out so the disruption would stop., Stephen Laws – Guilty Party, PTI Cane Print impression plate, With that said, I think 30 copies with no advertisement on my part isn’t that bad really. A little less than one a day. I haven’t had anymore people leave reviews but with the ones that are there, I think they help give me the few sales that I do have., Fred wants me to wear a garter when we get married., LGL's boss was obsessed with folders., I recently read “The Perks Of Being A Wallflower” and it really struck a chord with me. I knew it was going to be made into a movie so I wanted to go ahead and read the book. I am honestly upset with myself for never having heard of the book before this year. When I read a book I like to underline or highlight my favorite lines or quotes in it. It helps me focus and gives me something to go back to. The quote I want to focus on today is., and there, I’m going to be generous and give you 521 words., 2. Whisk flour, baking powder and salt together and set aside. Cream butter and sugar on a high until pale, light, and fluffy (about 5 minutes)., Moebius: When will you have the ten megawatt commercial prototypes ready for the Polywell?, For seven years the Babylonian princess Tiamat has waited for the mad king Nebuchadnezzar to return to his family and to his kingdom. Driven from his throne to live as a beast, he prowls his luxurious Hanging Gardens, secreted away from the world., To make the analogy even better, one might add that different colleges paid different amounts for their vegetables, but that how much they paid was confidential — presumably so that rich colleges like Trinity would pay more than poorer colleges, or to put it more crudely, so that the vegetable delivery company could screw each college for as much as it could afford., It is easy to lay the blame of the national team missing out on promotion and relying on a last day win to stay in the division at the door of Ice Hockey UK, the EIHL, and the EIHA (who operate the EPL) but what more can do they?, We pass around the chocolate, the tissues and our hugs... as we know as women, we can't live without either of the three., "Honey," Dad complains, "you know I can't eat those rich foods you eat.", In a large mixing bowl combine olive oil, garlic, salt, and paprika. Toss potatoes in the olive oil mixture. Place potatoes in single layer on prepared baking sheets and place in the oven. After 15 minutes of baking rotate sheet trays and turn potatoes over. Continue baking for another 10 to 15 minutes. Potatoes will be crispy and golden brown in color when done., All laid out on the table they looked so harmless (only 9 of my digits would agree that sentiment) but we rose to the challenge and now they have been completed! And if I say so myself, they look pretty awesome too., The press release states:, Our little girl is getting better. She has been very sick and lost so much weight but now she's putting the pounds back on and is her sweet self., that he touched-, This means restarting the relationship on new and different terms., When you focus (and you are enjoying what you're doing), you slip into a place that professional athletes call "the zone." That's the place where the hoop seems lower, and you're making baskets., In a “the-foot-bone’s-connected-to-the-ankle-bone” connectivity, Ms. West lays out this time line in order to show that they’re not isolated incidents. Instead, “…They fit into a pattern that above all spreads “dhimmitude,”… in thrall to Islamic law.” In other words, if the Western people watch long enough, it’ll scare them into line., Add to that the vaguely worded warnings about an imminent terrorist attack, and no wonder everyone's feeling on edge and out of sorts. And the big black storm clouds that have been lingering in Parisian skies for days certainly haven't helped., As we reflect on our brief and precious lives, let us also remember that they are but a transition to a long and blissful eternity. Teresa of Avila encourages us, "Remember you have but one soul; that you have only one death to die; that you have only one life, which is short and has to be lived by you alone; and there is only one glory, which is eternal. If you do this, there will be a great many things about which you care nothing.", My library recently ordered a copy of Reclaiming Fair Use: How to Put Balance Back in Copyright by Patricia Aufderheide and Peter Jaszi (2011), and since I am the copyright go-to-gal, I thought I ought to read it. It took me waaaaay longer to finish it than it should have since I made the questionable decision to read it during my "free time" at work (note to self: I don't really have any of that), but even though it took me a while, I'm very glad to have the knowledge from this book under my belt., This is actually a very tricky requirement. You'd find it difficult to find even a local doctor who understands how Aspergers Syndrome presents in adults - particularly if the aspie is female. You certainly won't have a great deal of luck finding a local relationship counselor who fits the bill., “Does prime minister not agree that with the Hougang SMC being vacant, there is actually an under-representation of the Hougang voters in this House?”, April 2, 2012, And I have to share my newest. I HAD to get a new one to go with the cute clutch I received for my birthday (from In Clover-- must stop by if you haven't been and you are in KC)., 01 Chemical World, So out I went and it filled my heart with joy to see her cheering for me as I completed each lap. I had her walk with me for a little to cool down after and as we walked hand in hand she told me she had already planned her Cami kindness act for the next day (today.) She was planning to get up early and make breakfast in bed for Sabrina since she had her state testing today. I told her to wake me up when she did it and I would do the same for Annie who also had testing today., Service: This has been fun. I've been volunteering with my son's musical theatre making costumes and hats. The show is coming together and looking awesome, and I love getting to be so creative and also having the chance to just sit around with other moms and gab and work communally., “Well, you are an honorable, young man, and quite a fighter. But what Master von Baren has said about your father, it doesn’t fit somehow.”, Chico is also home to Chico State University. The campus has an abundance of tress and a gorgeous rose garden. And if you like to party, this is the place to be. = ), Some go as far as saying that those who do not make money to live modestly should pay income taxes, even if it means starving., We get asked many times by many different organisations and many different people what are the reasons for the English Defence Leagues existence? What are our goals, and aspirations?, How did you overcome your challenges to graduate from university?, GAUGE: 9 sts = 2’’; 6 rnds = 1’’ (stockinette st). See page 22, “You Must Be Sure to Check Your Gauge.”, I have a tour guide business, and I was contacted by Yormark’s assistant to help familiarize Yormark with Brooklyn. It was before Yormark was hired in January 2005--the fall of 2004, I believe--well before I became immersed in Atlantic Yards. He didn't need to be sold on Atlantic Yards; rather, he needed to be able to show his potential employer he'd made an effort to learn something about the borough., experience leaves the client underinsured or with coverage that virtually expires before, Every new onesie and pair of socks he grew out of, week after week, went right into a bag, handed over to a good friend without a second thought ., I’m spiritual in many ways, but I’ve noticed most recently…, So here I am...a total blogging virgin. I will try to not stumble around in here and make a colossal mess of what I believe has become an amazing outlet for so many. I will do my best to respect the standard :), Just what are the lessons that our schools are teaching to our children?, licking lips, Humans learn and grow by making mistakes. We grow when we make poor choices, apologize, learn to make better judgment calls, and make a better choice next time. My father is fond of repeating another old saying, “The person who never made a mistake never learned anything.” I want to spend my time with people who make mistakes! People who forgive me when I make mistakes. People who can assess a situation and know when good enough is simply enough, when done enough is really enough. People who spend their time caring about me and my family and their communities, instead of who spend their time fussing and fretting and trying to achieve the impossible perfection., Like Crazy, I always knew at 16 years, you were a dreamer, a care free person, who loved her home very much. Never ever wanted to be away from home. That was true and remains true till today. Love for the home. But reality is that, from a delhi girl, to a foreign export, you have spend the last 10 years in singapore. You never wanted to ever leave delhi and yet during the last 10 years, you have created a space here. Singapore has taught you many things. Singapore has made you more open, as you now realise. It has made you realise even more strongly, that the ties between you and the mother will never die. In fact,it has become stronger., Strawberries are in season. They are not quite sweet yet in California, but getting sweeter every week. This is the first dessert I learned to make (along with creme caramel) when I was in culinary training many years ago. It was a very popular dessert in the restaurant where I was working, and we made a lot of them in spring. Plus, I remember when I made it at home for my sisters they loved it. It was the first time I received a compliment from my sisters... so this dessert is a bit nostalgic for me., She has a beautiful new little creation!!!, Get the government out of health care and education. These are the two markets most penetrated by government, and not coincidentally, the two most inefficient markets with the greatest rates of inflation., 7) Beyond that there are many good ideas and I’ll need to look at them and decide on priorities., Instead of properly scrutinising this deal, the emails show that Hunt set up a secret back channel to feed information to News Corp. One of the emails revealed that Hunt thought it was crucial to weaken Avaaz's campaign. We had them running scared! Now, let's use our power to get David Cameron to remove Jeremy Hunt., Those not able to make it out to Manhattan are planning on raiding the West Loop here in Chicago. Should we make the joke? OK... Alright... Since you REALLY want to hear it... Monique Meloche is offering a BUY ONE, GET TWO FREE deal on all the work from Rashid Johnson's latest show., · Gather and validate business requirements; coordinate with business partners to ensure completeness of defined requirements., Applicant listed the four locations of the Excepted User (and defendant) Hubcap Heaven, Inc., "because user assertedly used the mark HUBCAP HEAVEN in those four locations prior to November 15, 1990, the filing date of the application that matured into applicant's involved Registration." Plaintiff's subject concurrent use application was filed on October 13, 1995., Minister comes last in the list. Yes that is right GOD comes last! Do they really think this is okay with God? I think not. Go read about what he said about this in the Bible. He is first and last he will stay first and last..no matter what., Using electronics for a 10-terabytes-per second channel between a CPU and external memory would require 160 watts of power. But HP Labs researchers calculate that using integrated photonics lowers that to 6.4 watts., great spot about the Counting Crows, 1. Here I'm going to use the pattern and the tool from the Dritz Button Cover Kit., BOSHOFF: Woman raped during brutal farm attack by armed blacks., I'm very busy today, lots of Squares. These next ones have come in from Suzanne here in the UK. Suzanne tells me she hasn't been Crocheting for long! You would never have thought it! The Squares once again are just so pretty, lovely patterns and great colours! Once again here is another Lady who knows how to put colours together! Let's have a look at her Squares now!, 3. If standing near a transdimensional vortex is unavoidable (and sometimes that is the case), then whenever possible set up safety handrails and proper safety gates. Further protect yourself by strapping yourself securely to something weighty and secure in our dimension with a safety harness. At the very least, tie a rope around your waist., I perused the Internet from time to time over the years to read about where she was showing her work. Somehow I felt comforted that she was still alive. Other artists of her time (like Jackson Pollock) were long dead. I liked to look at her picture when one came up. When I read of her marriage to Robert Motherwell, I googled him. When I read of her divorce, of course, I knew that it was he that was at fault; not her. I watched a video of her working once and loved her Jewish accent. I read of her education at Bennington., The current Stampin 'for the Weekend challenge is...favourite things. You ought to go visit...see the crafter's version of the Sound of Music song "My Favourite Things.", And don't forgot to join this week's challenge at MDUC, check out all the ladies wonderful projects, see who is sponsoring and what prize is up for grabs this week., But, in a move that's unheard of in this age of celebrity writers, Lee stepped out of the limelight and stopped doing interviews years ago -- she never wrote another book. Still, her influence has endured, as we mark the fiftieth anniversary of its publication., Hmmmmm, what to do......again, look up! The amazing door frame has a center decoration, therefore "let's mirror that with a center decoration on the path". At least that is what I imagine these ingenious owners said to themselves. Neutral toned bluestone and pea gravel path perfectly compliment the structure, All of a sudden I realised my pot of beautiful Hippeastrum plants looked like a plague of phytophthera had hit it…the leaves were like mush and wilted and in short the whole thing looked on the brink of death. Porridge forgotten I shot into the pool area to see what was going on. As I pulled one leaf after another from the plant, landing mush-like on the ground I had images of my Irish ancestors checking each potato tuber after the Blight had infected their food source. At least I was only obsessing about some flowers, not my food and sustenance. But I wasn’t happy!, Sentiment is from penny black and stamped with memento bahama blue., The good people come back at dawn to clean up after the bitches. And the political response has a matte gray aura surrounds it. Meaning the fear possesses those in office, they cry out for help when shit happens, the media picks up on the crisis and captures what once again becomes a circus on broadway and 14th by the tribune tower there in oakland rising high. And don’t think for a second that joining a circus is all kicks and giggles, nah, you got real tigers and lions and elephants could crush ten men in a sudden fit of stampeding rage. And have. To protest their captivity. Their condition. Well, see the parallel? We got people, humans, sentients, who find themselves truly in captivity, forced to go through certain repetitive motions to simply exist in a tolerable fashion in the cities of our dear country! hey now, this is not wonderful. Not at all., Life has been pressing on me and I finally feel the fresh air., Such a thorough review, and so thoroughly reflects my thoughts on the film that I have little to add beyond this very minor quibble. Sometimes the filmmakers engage in a bit of narrative sleight of hand, withholding information from the audience in order to have their "tada!" moments, suddenly springing key developments upon the audience in a rather unnecessarily manipulative way., Asymmetric HD – A beautiful DreamBoard theme with advanced features., You might be wondering why they all have blonde hair (or that three have red hair) and that none of them are brunettes. Well, that's because I was going with a Valkyrie-esque type of team. Although I am rarely politically correct I wasn't really trying to suggest that blondes have more fun or that ... oh who am I kidding, I enjoy stereotypes...using them to my advantage and using them to go against., David Seamands wrote in his book Healing Grace: “Because of the Fall, imperfectness permeates the whole universe. Try to grasp the all-inclusive losses which came about. The original and innate human perfections are gone, and we can never again regain them through our efforts, no matter how hard we try.” (61-62) He lists 6 major categories of lostness we are facing since the fall. He then goes on to point out that even though there is no way for us to regain this lostness, there is hope: “If the ultimate cure is grace, then the ultimate cause of the behavior is the failure to understand, experience, and live out grace at every level of our lives. This means we must learn to give up every futile attempt to achieve right relationships by any other means than God’s total plan of grace.” (67) Grace, in freeing the entire person, is liberating, freeing. It enables us to get up and obey and worship., Launch Photos:, Walk daily with God at your side!, At first I became very sad and wondered how it could possibly be that we live in a world where such things happen, where people cap cop such attitudes. Why doesn’t somebody do something? Why don’t people see how wrong they are? Why are these mistakes made over and over?, The movie ends with ‘splosions, twists and, for some reason, an ass kicking Dead Kennedys song. Lovelock stands up and starts rocking out all over the room. Starkwell wishes he had stayed asleep. I guess they will have to agree to disagree on this one., A council lady turns up. She is nice but says we have to take Gary the Goat to the park. We explain that we have already been thrown out of there. We take Gary away and more children cry. Two of the mothers get angry with the principal. We are causing a bit of a scene., “After visits to Maryborough and some other Australian towns, we presently took passage for New Zealand. If it would not look too much like showing off, I would tell the reader where New Zealand is, for he is as I was, he thinks he knows. And he thinks he knows where Hertzegovina is, and how to pronounce pariah, and how to use the word unique without exposing himself to the derision of the dictionary. But in truth, he knows none of these things. There are but four or five people in the world who possess this knowledge, and these make their living out of it. They travel from place to place, visiting literary assemblages, geographical societies, and seats of learning, and springing sudden bets that these people do not know these things. Since all people think they know them, they are an easy prey to these adventurers. Or rather they were an easy prey until the law interfered, three months ago, and a New York court decided that this kind of gambling is illegal, “because it traverses Article IV, Section 9, of the Constitution of the United States, which forbids betting on a sure thing.” This decision was rendered by the full Bench of the New York Supreme Court, after a test sprung upon the court by counsel for the prosecution, which showed that none of the nine Judges was able to answer any of the four questions., I will be there for two weeks and will try to do a at least a few posts from wherever internet is to be found., Jamaican Mini Bonnet 0/2, Blouse (Express, thrifted), cami (swap from Ruth), skirt (InWear, consignment), obi (Smoking Lily), shoes (Pearl Hart Bellevues, Fluevog), earrings (Erica Weiner), gold leaf (found item)., Just loved being with family., Worse, it is causing, Dress - $40 Classic Clothing, Tights - $25 Cosmic, Shoes - $2 NZ made op-shop, Ribbon - spotlight, Beads - 50c op-shop, I don't know why but the way I type in real time chat is retarded, or at least it is when I'm talking to Sugoi. The only time I stop being is retarded is when other people act retarded., Mike Fuller: My ConferencE Will Be In 3 PointS! 1. Before The Amendment. 2. During The Amendment. 3. After The Amendment. Campaign Begins!!, ...Obamacare’s cuts to MA would severely reduce the quality of the program and force enrollees back into traditional Medicare... "Phased in between 2012 and 2017, the MA cuts will substantially restrict the ability of Medicare beneficiaries to choose the health plans that best meet their needs and will result in substantial reductions in coverage for many millions of seniors and disabled Americans." Medicare’s Office of the Actuary predicts a 50 percent drop in enrollment by 2017., While most of the economy limps along, the pet industry is thriving. It is estimated that $50.84 billion was spent on our pets in the U.S. in 2011. America's and the world's love affair with their pets is evidenced by their spending habits. Dog and cat parent's spending is at an all time high...and much of it is on pet travel expenses. That's right - falling in line right behind pet health & boarding expenses, dog and cat parents are opening up their pocket books to take Fido and Fluffy to pet friendly hotels and buy them those much need pet travel supplies., 6pm Sunday, the final pallet goes onto the lorry with “Brussles here we come” sign attached and a very tired but satisfied team BNP UK parted company for the long journey home., About ten seconds later the buzzer began warning us all, and he bolted through the corridor, grabbing the bag of the girl right in front of me. RIGHT IN FRONT. She made a sound like he'd just stepped on her tail, and his attempt failed, he fled the train., We’re hocked up to the eyeballs, and then some. We’re at the bottom of a lake of debt, lashed to an anchor. American households today owe $13.3 trillion. That has quadrupled in a generation. It has doubled just in the last 11 years. We owe more than any other nation, ever. And for all the yakking about how people are “repairing their balance sheets,” they’re not. From the peak, four years ago, they’ve cut their debts by a grand total of 4%., You would do anything for another minute with your child., No matter what walk of life one comes from, the common denominator is money, as one needs it for the necessities of life (food, clothing, shelter, etc.). Unfortunately, my generation has lost the meaning behind the value of money and this direly needs to change. Financial literacy is the beginning of financial change. This is exactly what our great university needs and exactly what our great country calls for., Saranac, And he should be., A notice is not a bill. A notice is not a demand. A notice is nothing more than… an OFFER. It is an offer to discuss the notice with which you have been served., I’ve done two movies with Barbra, and I think I did four with Madeline all within 10 years. They were both wonderful. Everyone got along on What’s Up, Doc? All that was very nice., S: St. Paul, MN ~ my husband taught at St. Thomas University for a year (in St. Paul, MN). It was a lovely year for us~an idyllic restorative time after the loss of our little daughter. Just what the doctor ordered., It depends on the child, but most kids I’ve spoken to have a real love of the genre – more so than most adults, I think., thing ever until I worked there, We all do what we can, Swank, Oklahoma-Whale hunting is strictly forbidden., 2: Tax cuts, I live along an ancient Anasazi trail. A few weeks ago, while I was going for a walk, I started talking to myself out loud. Now, this isn’t unusual for me, especially because I live a very isolated life and usually only have myself or my dogs or the birds flying in the air to keep me company. What was unusual was my accent. I had adopted an accent from who knows where, and I thought I was just being silly. In a flash of insight, it hit me — I am channeling someone who wants to talk to me. As soon as I had that thought, my voice confirmed it. Once I accepted her presence, she just walked along beside me in silence. Without words, I came to know that this was a Native American woman who had lived nearly 1000 years ago. She had walked this same path long ago, wondering about her own life, as I was wondering about mine. She was a woman of few words. When she spoke, her words felt carefully chosen and held deep meaning. But more on that later. Today is just the introduction., He’s one of 4 children and at one time his parents were fostering 3 children on top of that he stated “It was a madhouse” they have fostered 50 children over the past 20 years ! He described the experience as “humbling” and “rewarding” but said “giving the kids back it was very hard “, into being., We’re looking forward to hearing from you!, An official announcement is expected early next week., is the power of these voices that can guide you to find your own door,, If I told you that a tortoise had a body temperature of 83 degrees, could you tell me if that animal is healthy or sick? Unless you had some idea of what normal was -- what it's temperature should be -- there's no way to know what the number means., What are some physical goals I have met, and what do I still need to do?, There were two doors leading out of the room, each of them leading to a small 10 x 10 room empty but for some gravelly debris strewn across the floor. (Don’t stand on the gravel!) However, the challenge ahead was in the form of a gauntlet of hidden doors that took three actions to unlock. All the while, a bolt of energy would strike out at anyone who came in after the first person. This was lucky for Poppy, who could slip in, use her preternatural perception to locate the outline of the door, then get out safely, just as the little hairs on her arms stood up on end., These matters sooner or later will result in a total breakdown of self respect and law and order., 8. Fold in egg whites, *You need to leave a comment on every DT members blog to be included in the giveaways!, A grand ideal, overarching theme, or noble philosophy that represents a coherent paradigm within which individuals as well as societies can shape and adapt to unfolding circumstances — yet offers a way to expose flaws of competing or adversary systems. Such a unifying vision should be so compelling that it acts as a catalyst or beacon around which to evolve those qualities that permit a collective entity or organic whole to improve its stature in the scheme of things., Rich, I’m not sorry I stole your poncho., There have been a lot of people who don't see why orphan care, and almost always, when meeting a pastor or church board, almost always, they want to know what we are doing to spread the gospel, are we holding Bible studies? Do we have tracts and material to teach people about Christ? What material do we use? What is our doctrinal statement?, 9:00 PM Eastern 5/4/2012, 7. Who loves you?, Chile, C’mon people, this is a no-brainer that has been around since the dawn of the Internet – don’t use all capital letters in chat. It’s the text equivalent of yelling at everyone, and nobody wants to be yelled at., Following in line with things that would be great in a beauty salon...this Boraxo soap dispenser would be so cute in the bathroom of a vintage decor beauty salon bathroom. Technically this thing would have had that gritty sand-like soap in it. You guys remember that lovely stuff!? But I think liquid could also work in it. Click the image to go..., The Metro Organization for TexasTea Acquisitions or MOTA, estimates the while Customs and Border Protection and Hudspeth County Sheriff were occupied with Nelson, an estimated $39 billion was smuggled through Hudspeth County alone., AE said: “When my agent told me Strange Chemistry was interested, I think I squealed out loud. Angry Robot has an amazing reputation, and to be welcomed into their YA imprint? Bliss. Nerdvana. I'm absolutely thrilled to be with Strange Chemistry and working with Amanda.”, My current crush on red will fade but my long lasting love affair with pink will prevail., Thank you for viewing my project today. I hope I have inspired you to try this cartridge and make your own bouquet for fall..., * May formulate specific implementation plans and evaluates the effectiveness of actions/programs implemented., And the cinema aisles, John played someone who had taken refuge in the complex, and David said, “We have had a zombie includgion,” which we later discovered was an incursion of zombies who were looking for inclusion back in society., “What is wrong to settle the matter? The cases did not go for trial (yet),” he said., Finding a planet that could potentially support life is a major step toward answering the timeless question: Are we alone?, Parts of the ground were still covered in snow, some were down to just the soil and pine needle blanket. When a deer is fleeing, there can be up to 8-10 feet between tracks. Coyotes rarely leave tracks. Unless it’s in fresh mud., Assisted by Ellen Quinn Banville, Once you and your family are out of the house and you have treated any injuries, immediately begin checking the area for potential hazards. Just because the quake is over doesn't mean that you're out of the woods., He grinned as she turned back to him. "Dystopian's my favorite genre.", I have been busy not only with Christmas preparations, finishing some paintings for an exhibit, and getting those Valentines ready for Operation Write Home heroes which had to be on their way in time for them to write their love messages to family and friends as February is just a month away., JOYRadio is all about People Inspiring People,with host Pattie Wekel Hall interviewing people from all walks of life, sharing their life-stories, and hopefully inspiring others to create their own personal JOY., “There’s no master plan — the rules are that we reward people who are good to the restaurant . . . There are a lot of famous, cool people who are total a--holes and are not restaurant-centric. They don’t get in.”, 3” Elastic: 3/8 yard was enough for me. If you can find 4” elastic, even better!, Not Chocolate, Our thanks to Malcolm for another superb presentation (he seems to be becoming a regular guest speaker)., Everyone has to go through valleys of loss sometime. That’s just a fact of life. Some fight it, try to go around the valley, or think they can avoid it. They may even suppress their grief, their loss, thinking they can keep it away., The sun is ten degrees above the horizon., “At present, 2,500 babies suffering from various heart diseases, including those who are in critical condition, are awaiting their turn for sensitive procedures at Children’s Hospital alone,” Dr Masood Sadiq added., True love, I suppose, does last forever – Not in ways we may know, but it does stay. No justifications, just the mere beating of the heart, and you just know it’s there, through a lifetime or in an infinity, in whatever stretch of time or place., Recently, there’s been a lot of buzz around Craft chef Tom Colicchio’s announcement that his latest restaurant Riverpark would mark the end of an increase to his Craft restaurants., run around the corner to the main entrance to get in by himself., Chicken Meat, 300 gms, cut into cubes, Summer is the time to catch up on reading (and help kids stay on an educational path when school is out!) while on vacation, at the beach, at the park or even laying on a hammock in your back yard! But after you have read all your books, wouldn't it be nice to swap them out for a new stash? Thredup, the amazing online clothing swap site is offering just that this summer with their new Summer Book Swap program:, Here are my results (I know they aren't a perfect color match, but hey I'll take it), Another example of sloppy legal language lies in the statement that, New York:, It is believed that the killers, who had been chased off, returned to the house and waited for Ernest to get into bed., Him: Lunch before then?, In September, the Russian military plans to hold its annual military exercises called Kavkaz 2012. However, informed Russian sources say that preparations and deployments of military equipment and personnel already have begun in anticipation of a possible war with Iran., President, Friends of the Burley Public Library, I'll start with a story:, Turn oven down to 180c oven for 25-30 minutes till just set, Truth of the matter is, I wanna go around with purple hair and un ugly face that nobody cares about because my flow is so sick. I want to run about talking about my cunt in graphic detail with a crazy beat in the background., If I am willing to do the work, 10. Kid Charlemagne, 12. CARE — If you don’t care about this project or what you’re creating or this class, why are you doing it? Drop the class. Don’t waste time and money on something you don’t like. It’s disappointing for those of us who want to learn from each other who DO care, and have to deal with those who don’t., That's my ultimate dream: to lift others up with the blessings I've been given. I suppose I'm going to get there in a roundabout way and at a glacial pace (Aaron Standard Time), as I've done everything my whole life, but there you go., From miles away she can see, Thailand is a country with most of the population believing in Buddhist. Some others believe in Confucianism and Taoism. Their actions and words are greatly influenced by the religious ideas. If you want to date a Thai girl and seek a Thai wife, what do you must know about Thailand? What should say and what should you avoid? Read this article to know more. As long as you respect the customs and culture of Thai girls can you win her respect and please your girl and have successful online dating with her in the shortest time., If anything, the approaching experience may be the harsher of the two. What Nietzche was saying, stripped of his ornate imagery, was that the people of Europe in his time no longer believed in the Christian myths and doctrines they claimed to accept, and needed to own up to the anthropocentric cult of power that had become their actual religion. That may have been true; still, it’s one thing to realize that you no longer believe things you were raised to think were good and right and true; it’s quite another, and far more devastating, to believe in something with all your heart and have it disproved right in front of your eyes. The religion of progress claims to be justified by works, not faith; during the three centuries or so of technological expansion, the apparent confirmation of the myth gave it immense strength; as the age of progress ends and we enter on three centuries or more of technological regress, the resulting body blow to our culture’s fondest beliefs and hopes will dominate the cultural psychology of an age., - Aglio Olio spaghetti, I Live, Go visit her site for the recipe. I had all of the ingredients prepared pie crusts, 4 Tomatoes, salt and pepper, scallions and basil, freshly grated cheese and mayonnaise(we use Vegenaise). We have 1/2 of a pie left for another evening. Besides the pie we had a big salad, and a bowl of cherries., There are some staples that I love, and just can’t get enough of (like spinach, for instance) and plenty of others that I keep in the house regularly. The problem is, I feel like I’m running out of ways to prepare them to make it feel like I’m not eating the exact same thing day in and day out!, Truly the Windsors are a family of the world and have, to lapse into the vernacular, seen it all., Yarn: Berroco Comfort Worsted, Stay strong, and remain passionately committed to your hearts chosen path., The other day, I was hungry for manicotti, so I stopped by our local grocery store for ricotta, mozzarella, manicotti noodles, and spaghetti sauce. I came out of the store with those items as well as a bag of fun sized Reese's peanut butter eggs, a four pack of Cadbury cream eggs, and a container of Cadbury mini caramel eggs (my favorite...although I much prefer the full sized ones, my grocery store didn't have them.), Well, it's here and it's FANTASTIC. I'm speaking of my Draper bar cart from Society Social of course. If you follow PS on Facebook then you know I've recently teamed up with the darling founder, Roxy Owens, of Society Social. Lucite trays for her, a Draper for me...it's a match made in heaven., The innovative Porsche 911 GT3 R Hybrid 2.0, with which the Porsche works drivers Romain Dumas (France) and Richard Lietz (Austria) conduct further tests at Laguna Seca, did not take part in the qualifying. At its debut on the West Coast of the USA, the vehicle is not eligible for points and starts from the back of the grid. At the final free practice, however, it demonstrated its huge potential turning the third quickest lap of all GT vehicles., Every month, you will have a chance to participate in weekly challenges, with each weekly sketch you enter, that will give you an entry in the draw to win our monthly prize. So complete 1 sketch you get 1 entry, complete 3 sketches and you get 3 entries!, I make various kinds. Presenting my favourite--Roasted Butternut Squash and Sage Risotto. I was not at all fond of the butternut squash. One day it arrived, uninvited, in our organic veggie box. Initially I thought about chucking it in the bin but my conscience revolted. Reluctantly I consigned to the idea of making something with it. It turned out that with a little bit of love, herbs and roasting butternut squash can taste amazing. No longer is the squash unwelcome in my kitchen! The zealous convert that I am, now I keep buying this squash to make the risotto. After making risottos with various ingredients-- mushrooms, leeks, seafood, chicken and bacon, the butternut squash one tops my chart., (From Tuesday’s Daily.), “I always thought there was one way of having a baby,” Lisa told me, “and that when I had a baby, I would just find out what that way was and do it. But it turns out there are lots of ways.”, We see no evidence, and see no reason to suspect, that any organic certifying agents would allow organic food manufacturers to violate the federal standards by adding this synthetic sweetener., My Christmas wish is to tell them that though their spirits now walk this realm and the next, their love remains alive in my heart., Does parenting give us the right to care? Yep. Does it give us the right to pry and comment when we are worried? Yep. Do we have to like it? Nope. But it’s just the way it is. You see, you can watch them grow up and move out and become independent, responsible adults, but at the end of the day, they’ll always be your babies in your heart. We try to step back, but when things seem to be problematic, the mom gear kicks in and it’s full speed ahead., "In the Q'uaballah there are twenty angels emanating out of the right and left hand of god. They are the Sefiroth. Sefira is the singular of this word, and an Averse Sefira would be one such of the unholy. We have taken these angels and extrapolated them as narrative vehicles for our tales of mythic irony." Duh., Preheat oven to 180°C. Lightly grease a 6cm-deep, 26cm round cake pan., By that same measure, the notion of Punch-Drunk Love as simply a variation on the “typical” Adam Sandler film also misses so much more—namely, it was also the one most clearly Anderson’s film in its stark cinematic originality. It is here—while ironically working in dialogue with Sandler’s persona—that I would argue Anderson began to fulfill his often premature industrial and cultural claim to auteur status., Someone with the depth of writing experience like Hemingway grew to trust his subconscious with the ideas and the creative flow. He knew how to let it do its thing., I bought the chair for 12.00 at a thrift shop., Written by W. Kemp, I give it thanks for my first exposure to “White Light/White Heat” by The Velvet Underground, which I borrowed from a schoolfriend named Steven. I listened to Sister Ray and watched the picture disc spin round and round and round and round. Steven once took the chance of ‘phoning me so that he could volunteer to replace me as singer in the band I fronted. I refused and suggested he play drums instead. He didn’t., Norquist reminds me a bit of Robert Caro’s portrayal of Robert Moses in New York City. Neither Norquist nor Moses have occupied top positions of power themselves. But both show brilliance in capturing the levers of power – in punching well above their weight, as the expression goes. Norquist is the originator of the anti-tax pledge that he’s forced all Republicans in Congress to sign. To get into office, or to stay there once elected, a Republican politician has to promise not to vote to raise taxes ever, in any form. Those in office who stray from that pledge face a primary challenge funded by Norquist supporters, and many have lost. The message is clear: funding the federal government is evil., First of all, a million "Sorry" buddies, for not catching up with any of your posts of late. I would like to give the due credit to none other than my own "Laptop"...Argggghhhhh.... Somehow my laptop has gotten an idea that it is a 6 months old baby and it is craaaaaaawwwwwliiiiiing! (I feel even babies nowadays are faster!) Every single page/blog takes nearly 20 minutes to load, and if I start punching in the comments, that is another 20 minutes! I sometimes feel like throwing the laptop out of my balcony and happily wait for someone to take it away! :(, of outwitting it, getting there first., Guest #6 for Kis63….Tune in to hear from the 8th pick of the 1998 NFL Draft that went to the Cowboys as their first pick!, His love for you existed before you were born and it will still be there after you’ve gone to be with Him in paradise., While the results are initially staggering, Warner cautioned that people should not to jump to conclusions. Because the study was done retrospectively, the data does not necessarily indicate a causative relationship., IAN: I'm running a contest/puzzle on my website right now! First prize is a signed advanced review copy of Bitter Seeds. Details on the contest and some hints on how to play can be found in several entries on my blog, starting here., “I want to take down the civilized world.”, It’s kind of shell game--as someone said,, London's firefighters celebrate: Coleman is gone, When these big mortgage companies filed for bankruptcy, they did not disclosethe mortgages already sold to the trusts as assets, because the transfers occurred months and years prior to the bankruptcy filing. Years later, when the Assignments were required for foreclosures, a bankruptcy court’s permission was needed to Assign billions of dollars in mortgages. Most likely in fear that a Bankruptcy Judge would not rubber stamp such a request, no such permission has ever been sought., Motocicleta. Motorad. Moto. While the word motorcycle may be spelled or pronounced differently by female riders around the globe, the emotions and empowerment they share when they twist the throttle of their own motorcycle is universal. More and more women from all walks of life are getting in the saddle of their own motorcycles and grabbing life by the handlebars, and Harley-Davidson is their brand of choice. Harley-Davidson is the number one market share leader among women, selling more new motorcycles to women than any other motorcycle manufacturer., the Spice Girls and serenaded Sir L to Jewel's, "You Were Meant For Me." He wasn't impressed. In fact he told me that I go into a "weird zone" when I listen to or sing Madonna. I'm second guessing whether he should come with me to her Paris show on July 14. The night ended with margaritas and dancing late into the night at Silencio. This time we didn't get mugged., We’ve since unwisely purchased another one for our UK dwelling. We are having exactly the same problems with it., How do you feel about dating multiple people? Be it one, two or five?, This week we're going to spend some time reviewing all the different ideas and techniques we've learned over the last 14 weeks of our quilt along., Next, I painted over a different drawer front with the grey color from her walls..., A 4 game set with the Angels can be quite beneficial for the Jays as the Angels have been slumping to start the season. Brandon Morrow will start off tomorrow night and luckily the Jays will not have to face the Angel’s ace Jered Weaver. Stayed tuned for a pre game analysis before tomorrow nights game as for now we can sit back and enjoy a great series win by the Toronto Blue Jays!, It is time to cry “WOLF!” again., At a 2004 meeting of the International Institute for Sustainable Development held at United Nations headquarters in New York, the prince of Orange sat side by side with Bilderberger and Executive Director of UNEP Klaus Töpfer, discussing the “overall review of implementation of Agenda 21.”, This year, however, was not fun., For many years now most Alsace wines have been getting sweeter – something of a problem in my opinion with the low acid Gewurztraminer or Pinot Gris. Lots of sugar in these wines can make them seem really unbalanced, in my opinion they need freshness or acidity to show at their best. It seems that this sweetness comes from increased ripeness as a consequence of lower yields, as well as improved ripeness in the vineyards – an example of ‘improvements’ backfiring I think., I had no idea this photo was even going to appear on Facebook with that message from Lester until my lovely wife brought it to my attention while we were watching “Meet The Press” a little after 8 a.m. on Sunday. She read what Lester said and felt heartbroken for him. I read what Lester said and felt the same., Members: Archbishop Joseph (Chairman), Bishop Theodosy, Bishop Mark, Oh, I've grown as shiftless as Little Boy Blue,, Here's before (on Halloween):, Here in Wisconsin, the spring turkey season lasts from early April through late May, but an individual permit is for one designated week (Wednesday to Tuesday) in one designated Zone (1-7). I had Period B, Zone 5, which put me in northeast Wisconsin in the third week in April. Applying for that season (applications are due in December) can be a bit dicey – we often have snow on the ground or falling from the sky that time of year up here – but it’s also a beautiful time to be out in the woods. Plus, a lot of people don’t like being cold so there’s a better chance of getting that week, and since I had never applied for a permit before I wanted to improve my odds. I don’t like being cold, either, of course, but I have plenty of cool weather clothing!, “As far as I’m aware, I’m nothing. I have no personality of my own whatsoever. I have no character to offer the public. I have nothing to project., Anyhoo, a guest room redo has been on my radar for about two years now. Basically since stepdaughter went off to college., And I surprise myself by liking this. Going from rare to maybe ‘medium’ cooked. I find out she’s in Australia, she has Greek roots, she’s a teenager (I think). And two overwhelming feelings come over me., A long time ago I went through a phase where I wore nothing but soft stretchy elastic bandeau bras from urban outfitters. This was well before I learned to sew my own and I chose them particularly because I have scar tissue on my rib, right where an under-wire would rest, and these were the only comfortable option for me., and energy and of the relationship between, But mostly, it’s about beer. Good beer, great beer, craft beer, mainstream beer, light alcohol beer, low-carb beer, low cost beer and overpriced swill, tap beer, bottle beer, stubby beer and keg beer. Beers for blokes and beers for shielahs, beer that you import from exotic locations and beer that you brew yourself at home. And any other beer that I may have missed., Mr. Jindal made school reform a second-term priority after winning a landslide re-election last November. By then he had appointed or helped elect reformers to the state superintendent’s office and board of education., As I mentioned I like how the smoke worked and wanted to do more with it so I thought of it in roguelike terms. How could I incorporate the spreading of smoke as a goal in and of itself. The easy answer would have been magic so I decided to try a different route. Smoke arrows was what I finally came up with. What good would they be? Why smoke obscures line of sight and maybe even light. The only problem I had was that the simple smoke I had lasted at most three turns. Of course while in flight the arrow itself puts out smoke so there is a trail but and seeing as I did not really plan on doing anything big with it the arrows have infinite range seeing as all they do is check if the space in the direction they are facing is empty and going there if so. It still did not leave a smoke trail like I wanted so I did something more complex. Well calling it complex is a little overstating it. All I did was have the tile be a number going from 6 to 1 and when the console actually writes out the screen I have it put '-' for 1 and 2, '-' for 3 and 4, and '-' for 5 and 6. I only applied this to the smoke left directly in the arrows path and it created a good looking affect., As you can see., Hmmmm. Guided democracy…Prolonged deliberation…Functional groups., that the miner sweated for, It doesn’t happen., The tendency can be seen almost everywhere. Germany is the one major exception. Probably because of the special intimidating power of the Hitler meme there, no harder right party has yet managed to win over a significant part of the electorate there., Writings and Doodles; by me Nancy Baumiller, When I sing friends, the Lord (I think I’ve chatted about this, but I’ll say it again) has convicted me to think about what I sing. I am not always good about this, but I am working on it. This verse gets taken out of context so much…yet I did, as my Noah would say, “rabbit trail”, just this verse and found great benefit., Every polish featured on this post has been reviewed on my blog. To see full reviews and sets of swatches check out Polish Pixelle! Also, go check out Ryan's guest post!!, Without further ado the winner is...did I mention how hard it was for us to pick a winner? Well, we did, and it's..., eventually......., The Household Charge is an annual charge introduced by the Local Government which is payable by owners of residential property. The EU/IMF Programme of Financial Support for Ireland commits the Government to the introduction of a property tax for 2012. We are one of the last countries in Europe that does not fund local services through local property-based charges.These include: fire and emergency services; maintenance and cleaning of streets; planning and development; public parks; street lighting; libraries; open spaces and leisure amenities. A property tax, requiring a comprehensive property valuation system, would take time to introduce and accordingly, to meet the requirements in the EU/IMF Programme, the Government has decided to introduce a Household Charge in 2012., Also, I was not told I had extremely dense breasts for many years until the cancer radiologist explained how the tumor was hidden in the dense breast tissue on all the mammograms. My oncologist was not the leader of my nutrition support plan with appropriate supplements; that was not her focus or expertise and she did not seem interested in that area, so I learned I had to take charge of that myself. I credit my integrative doctors, especially my brother, with my success through chemo without side effects., I have one explanation for making what our family calls Nana's Rolls: I'm a sucker for tradition and family history. My great-grandmother, Nana, made them often. I remember them being on the table of every holiday gathering at my Grandma Host's house, and Grandma taught me how to make them. The rolls are soft, buttery, somewhat sweet and (if all goes right) delicious., The Canadian suffers from a rare lung and heart condition – pulmonary embolism. He has previously undergone two open-heart operations at the Ottawa Heart Institute and he requires constant medication. Around the time of arrest, his supply of medication, which he had brought from Canada, ran out. He has been without treatment for nearly four months now., intricately woven on, THE ARCHIVED, about a teenage girl who must return the restless, ghost-like Histories of the dead to their rightful place in a labyrinthine supernatural library known as the Archive; when more Histories begin to wake and escape, she must stop the doors between the worlds of the living and dead from breaking open, all without falling victim to a beguiling History who is more human – and more disarmingly attractive – than the others., So, yeah, in summary, mostly happy child, very proud but very confused parent., STEP 3: Remove from the heat and leave it to cool., The dark nights are closing in, the winter chill is in the air so what does ones mind wander to? Planning my make up for the festive period of course. Previous you may think but nay nay in a beauty bloggers mind this is quite acceptable and even rational (especially considering secretly I have been gazing into the future imagining what delights I shall be going all gooey over in prep for SS11), The BBC also ran a shocking exposé on allegations of forced sterilization of women in Uzbekistan. In the report, an unnamed government official made the link between reducing fertility rates and the MDGs., Ba da Bing Benny and Lil Lilly blog, I mean that, 1/3 cup apricot jam, melted with, “Confused about what?” I asked., Indoor gates are important when you love to takes care of pets at home. These gates will ensure that your pets, such as dogs and cats, are in their right places. They will help you guard your valuable things from them while you are washing dishes in the kitchen or doing some cleaning in your room., Now we live in Charlottesville, Virginia. Kyle's pursuing his dream of writing and I'm pursuing my dream of graphic design. We're finally in one place that doesn't have an expiration date, that isn't temporary (unless we want it to be). The feeling of being home is the same as it's always been since I met him, though. We move around, we're home; we stay still, we're home. Home is a state of mind, a condition of being that permeates every moment of every day. I wasn't unhappy before I met Kyle. But I was adrift and restless. Searching for something. I moved halfway around the world and found home in the love of the man who would become my husband. Korea wasn't my home, but Kyle made it my home. My home is wherever he is., Caerise – Leveled my Blood Elf Priest from 1 to 20, without BoAs. Caerise I am leveling as Disc. Woot! Disc!, As if a game of chess played by the world’s top 10 players, they maneuvered through the neighborhoods, wrong footed all concerned, destroyed properties and checkmated thousands of residents. The trail of destruction spanned neighborhoods from Orange County to Santa Barbara., Will sing, Vera Farmiga’s Higher Ground. I was so impressed and touched by this film about a woman’s life as a Christian that I’m still vexed I didn’t take the time to write about it extensively. Farmiga isn’t a showy director, letting instead the story take center stage. She stars as Corinne, a young woman whose faith grows stronger as she and her husband build their family and become part of a hippie-ish community of strong Christians during the 1970s and 80s, including the earthy Annika (Dagmara Dominczyk, below) with whom Corinne has a rich and happy friendship. For many of these years, her faith gives her a deep sense of self and identity., When B was first born you think she was the first baby Matt or I had ever seen based on the amount of pictures we took., "Go home; rest yourself for a few hours and I'll see you all here later before the sun goes down. Whatever happens, I do have faith in you all"., Fall is my FAVORITE! There's just no other way to explain it., Check out their patient before & after portfolio, “LANL stores a wide variety of plutonium materials, mostly in Technical Area (TA)-55. LANL has around a thousand containers of plutonium oxides and other compounds. They also have close to a thousand metal plutonium items, most of them high-purity ingots originally intended for shipment to Rocky Flats.” (Section II-C)., So you see, I'm highly qualified to direct people on how to Swag at BEA, because I've done all of Disney World in a couple of days, survived to tell the tale - and go back and do it again several more times. And of course, there's the hard evidence. Last year I scored $1100 worth of books. This year I got more., Sigh...I haven't taken my children to the pool as much as I would have liked. I haven't been to even one free concert or farmer's market. Fifi and Mark have not been round to visit MY house. I haven't taken a picture in I don't know how long. I haven't made any mosaic art in even longer. But I'm okay. One step at a time. I am a crummy blogger in that I don't document every step of everything I do, but I love this old house, and one of these days, I will have some pictures of the "after" to share with you. If I am actually willing to share them with you, it will be a miracle, because this redo is literally on a shoestring budget. BUT hope springs eternal, so bear with me. Later today, I'm taking my kiddos up to the mountains for a little fun for several days, so I will be out of the loop even more (no computer access-yikes! I haven't gone "computerless" in a LONG time)., Today was a bummer as I missed Ashtiani by Golnaz Ashtiani, and Triarchy due to class. However the shows I did attend were pretty amazing. Last post I did a cliffsnote version for each designer well today its going to be a 1-2 sentence an annotated summary as I must reserve my finger muscles for an unwritten paper due tomorrow., Even though I didn't recognise it I was immediately taken back to Sunday evenings about twenty years ago. It was an awful feeling - Sunday evenings were (and still are) my least favourite time of the week. I sensed the very familiar dread of having to go to school the next morning. I was, in fact, 12 years old again, it was late autumn, and I had homework to do., Do you apologize for wrong doings and misunderstandings? As much as possible. One of the biggest gifts we try to give our crazy little boys is the ability to have their voice. Using good communication makes it easier on both parts. Tell me you are mad. Tell me I am hurting you. Tell me that you do not think I am fair. However with telling us these things we are more apt to communicate not only our direction and discipline but also our reasoning and feeling behind those actions. Or if we are being hurtful and unfair, their communication can help us realize this so we can apologize like in the bank scenario., His comment piqued my interest, and I needed more information. Last night I emailed him with a question:, A meal at Jules Verne, Alain Ducasse's fancy restaurant high atop the Eiffel Tower, has been on my list of Paris must-dos for some time and yesterday, it finally happened. When I made the reservations months ago, I had fully planned to do so for dinner, but when I saw the price differential between lunch and dinner, I got cold feet. Instead, my husband and I opted for a leisurely lunch together in honor of an otherwise insignificant wedding anniversary, the actual date of which is later this month. Details, details. There's no particular reason to celebrate those round numbered anniversaries and who knows how many more opportunities we will have to mark our years together in such style. As the French say, la vie est courte, profitez-en., * At least 8 stuffed animals, Its fleece was white as snow, R - Time and tide wait for no man., The funny thing about trying to tell the future is that the future doesn’t change much. Someday we’ll cure cancer; someday we’ll all fly around with rockets on our back; and someday insurance will be sold without independent producers., The Sixth Doctor makes his début in an adventure that takes him from the desolate world of Titan III to the planet Jaconda which is in the slimy grip of the giant Gastropods. The Fact of Fiction places 1984’s The Twin Dilemma under the microscope, pokes it with a stick and uncovers its secrets!, Click the "Click here to Enter" link above for the entry form. Please type your name or screen name in the Caption or Title field, then choose the link and photo you'd like to enter. Please link directly to your specific blog post with your card in it, and not your general blog url., After all, as Stewart Regan of the SFA said, the “fit and proper” person was a myth. Therefore the responsibility is Rangers’? Bearing in mind how long it took the SFA to look into the issue, it seems unfair to penalise the club for Mr Whyte’s alleged wrongdoing., Note: Participants who register after March 16th will have their Vomaxx Shirt delivered after May 6th., 2. What’s going on in the brain (Marc reporting), “If we approach a hall owner for a meeting, the next minute the Intelligence Bureau (IB) calls and threatens them,” says Samuel Asir Raj, a professor of sociology who is critical of nuclear energy. Prof. Raj has himself faced state censorship on more than one occasion. On 19 April, Raj organised a meeting on nuclear energy. But he had to tell the IB that the talk was about “Globalisation and the Indian Economy.” Not to be fooled, the IB asked for an advance copy of the presentation., But because the man was looking at bushes, not hearts; bricks, not lives; seas and not souls, he decided that God had done nothing., The ones I remember are these ones on my page + three more, I dont have a good memory really! Martin Palermo (football player) – Jorge Lanata (journalist), Florencia de la V (Actrees), Charly Garcia (musician) – Villa Diamante (DJ) – Mauricio Macri (politician)… and Me (Art Entrepreneur), He re-learned how to write a letter (and that he should mail it right away so he doesn’t lose it), go ice-skating, re-introduce himself to the people nearest to him, enjoy a bike ride or a day in the park, have breakfast with friends, and have an enviably solid work session without the distractions of social networking. I loved that he discovered who his true friends were, versus the acquaintances who wanted him to be always available in case they got bored., 5) VSD (Ventricular Septal Defect) - Otherwise known as a hole in your heart, this was a part of Owen's congenital "Big Five" of heart defects. Owen's VSD is small, and located directly under his aortic valve - which thankfully is a place where it isn't causing much commotion. It will likely never close, but we hope it will never be a cause for concern either., (cracks me up that The Hubs head is in this shot., HAZARDOUS WEATHER IS NOT EXPECTED AT THIS TIME., In so many words Paul would say to Christ, “They will believe me for I relate to them.” No he doesn’t He was the chief persecutor but now he is a new creature in Christ. Reading from 2 Corinthians 5:17, “Old things are passed away, behold all things are become new.” If he relates to them in their sinful state he is not serving the Lord but the Evil one., Test yourself with this multiple choice quiz., Unfortunately, like with most things in our society, people have taken something that can be used for good and used it for their own selfish vices. Misuse and abuse driven by greed has turned what should be used for constructive purposes into something destructive., Instant Immersion Spanish, And if one wants to talk about a motion concerned with la vita nuda,, Find little tricks to get those new foods into their little bodies., How would you define happiness?, Yet this morning, I can still recall those Thanksgivings of my childhood and how they were filled with love, with music and laughter, the sense of belonging. I no longer see the world as perfect or my family as perfect. And, despite the erosion of some of my childhood naiveté, this remains a Norman Rockwell, magical time for me. I celebrate with thanksgiving for the goodness that coexists in the midst of the imperfection. It is a time to gather together, to remember, to celebrate and to be grateful. Happy Thanksgiving. (Bob Kiefer), Don Howard called our “intermission” at about 3 a.m. The candles were lit once again, and we prepared to go get some sleep. I was still quite dizzy from the brew and from my deep experiences. I weaved my way back to my room like a drunken sailor, much to the amusement of Howard., 6. Attend a little league game, Dh has suggested he does maths with D before he starts work each day and I do reading with him as and when. It will have to do I suppose. In the meantime I am going to use the slack time to catch up on some sleep or something. I have never been this tired before., “I don’t think she knows any more than what we heard, but we can’t be too sure.”, Roasted Sweet Potato and Green Bean Salad, 4. I am thrilled that 24 is on tonight! Wait, it is Monday right? I’m GLAD the show got canceled. I believe in going out on top. The show lasted 2 seasons too long. Hopefully, they make a movie., Title: Imortal, College stations started to pick it up as well, but before long, mothers started picketing the stations, trying to get the song banned because of the lyric, "He just wants to pop my cherry." The song received airplay in Austin as well, on the local KLBJ. In fact, Lady Bird Johnson was listening one time and called the station demanding they never play the song again. Eventually they went in the studio to record over the one line to make it more suitable for radio, though the censored version was never released as a single., Me: Oh yes you will. The person who is staying home does the housework. That's the rule., I am sorry if this will hurt some sensitivities, but I'm kind of getting tired of all the men bashing that's becoming so fashionable lately, so I figured it would be useful to hear another perspective., After two weeks of traveling, visiting ag companies and networking with incredible people, I can tell you that IBIP was the experience of a lifetime. The program enhanced my academic development through interactions in a foreign environment with an array of professionals from unique agriculture sectors. And definition of agriculture is not limited to farming. We visited diverse farms, production facilities, corporate offices, NGOs, retailers and restaurants–all directly related to agriculture., General comment: Think of punchier version of Hakushu 12 with some added sweetness., ARDC Individual Attorney Record of Public Registration and Public Disciplinary and Disability Information as of December 31, 2009 at 1:23:34 PM:, Pretties by Scott Westerfeld, When I was 29 my husband and I bought a house. A few days before signing the loan papers I was in full panic mode. Thoughts of living in a houseboat or moving from youth hostel to youth hostel flashed through my head. Anything but being tied to a specific piece of land FOREVER., The image is based on the correlations of ideal human proportions with geometry described by the ancient Roman architect Vitruvius in Book III of his treatise ‘De Architectura’., Beyond reproach, Uncontrolled, uninspected., I'm assuming it had something to do with the fact that I had found myself on the losing side of the Battle of the Bulge., Infertility is a bitch for doing this to us. For making us focus on the unhappy endings. For making us have to repeat the mantra “Today, I am pregnant” to keep from going crazy once we finally achieve pregnancy. For not letting us feel happiness without also feeling fear and anxiety. For making us go through wait after wait after wait – countless times before we get pregnant and again when we finally are pregnant., back to dpreview., Peppermint Chocolate Pudding, more Ribbon, pattern paper, Card stock, Glimmer Mist, Robins Nest Dew Drops,, Comfortably Numb 11'44, Called simply “The Election”, it will run on May 3rd, and in Cambridge will be filmed on location at the Guildhall by a bunch of bit part actors tiredly going through the same old lines over and over again., Organised religion is based on a mixture of guilt and fear., A pleasant day to all of you, my friends, and welcome to Sisters Craft Cafe. It's me Venus, once again, posting my latest creation. I call this Marie Antoinette's Purse because this is how I envision her sending an invite to all her lady friends to a soiree, perhaps., More Haitians live in Miami than anywhere else in America. Their presence does not seem to please Miami’s Cubans or even its blacks. Last year a black activist tried to prevent government funds earmarked for “African-Americans” from being shared by Haitians. This angered Haitians, who reminded Miami’s blacks that Haitians will soon outnumber them. This may not be pleasant. A letter to a Miami newspaper from a newcomer suggests relations are not good: “My experience as a Haitian-American with African-American schoolmates was one filled with racial epithets such as H.B.O. (Haitian body odor), Haitians eat cats, Haitians are boat people, and Haitians have AIDS. These African-American kids were taught at home to despise Haitians.”, This recipe is linked to the following blog carnivals., With the cheese on, I folded it up, repeated the process with the second one and got them into the oven- which I had heated to 375., Story by Stan Lee, - Red, Reality and imagination., I’m told that before my birth, my parents had never even heard of homeschooling, let alone unschooling. It was only when I was a toddler that my mother found out about homeschooling, and started getting interested in it as an option for our family. However, my father wasn’t as impressed with the idea, so when I reached the right age, I was shipped off to half day kindergarten. However, there were some problems: problems big enough to convince my father to try homeschooling, so just halfway through my very first year of school, my parents pulled me out, and that remains my only experience with formal, institutionalized education. My sister, Emilie, who’s a couple years younger than me, has never been to school., Anyway, back at the Fortress, where we find out that Superman has his own symbol mounted on a brick wall above a fireplace (?), Superman goes into an intense whine-spree, going on for a while about how his childhood was totally awesome, but he still feels bad about his birth parents dying and he's so alone even though everyone in the world loves and respects him. That attitude right there? That would be why Lex Luthor wants you dead so badly, Clark., April 1:, In this case, all three of the above can be included as they make up segments of the film. We can also say that Statham played it safe with this film as it stays within the parameters of what we know and expect in his films., Senator Cunningham is already sold on this bill and she doesn’t want a long or complex hearing, so we can save a mass rally for later, but right now about 1000 witness forms is just what is needed., Steve Rogers: Falling in line’s not really my style., We need to face the pain for what it is. We need to weep and lament and grieve. Of course I tie this to the death of my friend Davin, and I preach to myself, “Don’t flee from this.” Especially for those of us on the periphery, it’s easy to want to not move closer to the pain, to just get back on with our lives. But a few thoughts on this, the day of Davin’s first memorial service., made goddess, Friends of friends are all sooooo NICE and SOOO CUTE and soooo funny and sooooo smart! Except, that is, when they're not. Not that I don't beg my friends to set me up with their own rejections (if they are a woman) or competition (if they are a man) all the time, but still, we should really know what we are getting ourselves into., The first 5 batches failed miserably (yes, 5 batches! which equals to about 150 macarons or 300 individual shells), I had no idea what went wrong. Out of desperation, I switched to French Meringue method and see if it would make any difference and it came out perfect! Although the texture is somewhat different that IM method, but they've got to be done no matter what. It was a crazy time indeed and I still remember how everything was rushed in the middle of the night. The macarons were filled with rose-flavored buttercream., Jenny said she thought it was a book about identity, which seemed to me an astute assessment. Set in the 1920s around the building of the Bloor Street Viaduct which will bridge the city, it is essentially the story of Patrick, who, like the moths he watched flinging themselves against the lighted windows in his isolated country childhood, comes to Toronto 'searching', for a home, or an identity, or maybe a narrative of his own, but drawn with the logic and coincidence of dream into the stories of others, and in particular the immigrant Macedonian community. As Trevor said, the blurb on his edition bills the book as a love story, but it's not really, or rather it's more complicated than that. As in dreams, and as in Ondaatje's better-known sequel The English Patient, love stories become displaced from the centre, are left hanging or morph: a nun falls from the bridge and is caught by the worker Nicholas, an incident that hangs over the rest of the story like an iconic miracle, bonding the two souls together, yet later we will learn that Nicholas has married another. Indeed, as in dreams, characters central to the The English Patient appear on the edges here, waiting in the wings with the centrality of their own narratives. The language too is dream-like, and there are constant references to dreams - The bridge goes up in a dream - and, as in The English Patient there is the ache of loss and longing that characterises the most affecting dreams. Right from the start we are clear that the whole thing is couched in the dream of narrative:, They loved each other so much. They lived the picture of a loving marriage. They had their struggles and were not perfect, but they loved each other so deeply. It used to bring me so much joy to go places with them and watch them youthfully holding hands with each other., She turns to Jim Ludlow, a local rancher who lives on an Indian Reservation near where the advocates disappeared. Ludlow, a Shoshone Indian horse “whisperer” agrees to try to help Wyndham and they begin a search for answers that may cost them everything the hold dear – it may even cost them their lives., The house is one story. Wooden clapboard. Most of the white paint has been chipped away. One of the front windows is broken. The roof is covered with black shingles, A church is not credible in which literally everything is, and remains, questionable. But a church is credible in which one may, to be sure, ask everything, but in which one cannot answer everything., At least that's what I keep telling myself:), Common Grackle 29, Also, we didn't exactly pack right. Two weekends ago, we came here to house hunt. We left Tuesday, got back around 11pm then had to drive another 2hrs home (airline tickets were $400 cheaper here) which got us home at 3am. Then the packers came bright and early 8am the next day. They packed up everything in sight. Even Jacks diapers. I went in to change him and she had already snatched them up. I was kinda mad. I mean, I have a baby, he wears diapers, why pack them up? And they also got to our clothes before we knew what was going on. So all my cold weather stuff is now sitting in a storage unit. And it's oh 30 something degrees here! When we left GA, it was like 80. And we chose here? But it should start getting warmer soon. Right? It is almost April..., That is an excellent question. Who do you say that I am?, Quaint would be overstating things, but it has an appeal as it peels and sags, rusts and leaks…….. and part of it at least, reaches for the sky., As Jesse was under a tree retrieving a heart nut to show me, he must have bothered a wasp nest since he got stung twice- once each on two of his fingers. As he came back out he told me to hurry away from the tree since a few of them started chasing us. Hurting Jesse- the nerve of that wasp!, Caribbean research studies farther south showed that where sharks were key species, their depletion actually toppled ancient foodchain hierarchies and ultimately brought the downfall of the reef itself., Lawmakers knew none of this., Sadako: "They're not even ready for Frankie Valli at this point--if they can't handle a little white guy singing falsetto, they won't be able to wrap their minds around a little white guy playing heavy metal.", With courage that is worthy of her name,, So goodbye to Fool’s Day. Here’s remembering my favourite character the Fool giving the audience my favourite quote in my favourite Shakespeare play, King Lear:, I am afraid of much more than I had ever previously thought., Good Morning Peachies! March is only a few days away which means a NEW Peachy Keen Stamp Kit of the Month and a NEW Peachy Picks Kit!!, (FYI: I had fish tacos.), the day we went to Bangor, Local crime came to a considerable standstill as the two biggest instigators found themselves more and more occupied with the new loves in their lives. Ryan began considering the idea of giving up his life of crime in order to put his personal knowledge of criminal behavior to better use in the form of local security management, while Keith found himself taken under George’s wing with the intent of grooming him to take over the mayorship when the time came., So now that I have talked and talked about the world of magic and vampires it kind of makes me want to read Harry Potter once again. I looked to my bookcase and saw all seven of the books aligned. I decided it was time to take out the first book again and be aborsbed into the world of magic., Finding postcards in Vietnam and Hong Kong was easy...all you had to do was, Moderator: Brian Cogan (Molloy College), And speaking of insecurities: who are the most insecure people on planet earth? That's right, teenagers. Already self conscious as hell about their zits, this advertisement puts the fear of God into them, making acne equivalent to leprosy., Poemhunter.com/Jerome-brooke, The beef and the biscuit-tins;, “Some would rather blame it on ghosts because they are too afraid to speak about the death.”, Anne Rice – The Master Of Rampling Gate, With time and use issues emerge as a natural consequence and so is the case with the Windows XP. In case a user faces such issues various online support for Windows XP are readily available at reasonable rate. Other than Microsoft Windows support for XP line of operating system, there are few more reliable organizations that offer exclusive and comprehensive Remote Support for n number of issues. Let us discuss few of such issues that are instantly taken care of and eliminated within fit of a moment. The most important five such online tech support services for Windows XP:, That letter I wrote was not some idealistic rambling. It has been my reality. I have relied heavily on a small community of gunnies that have followed my journey. They know me. They know my story and they have invested in my healing and growth. They are who I go to, a lot., Cilaos is famous for its mineral springs which are used at the Thermes de Cilaos centre for thermal baths and other treatments. This is water coloured by iron oxide, thought to give the water beneficial qualities., I think I’m getting spammed., Seeing my children succeed is important to me as well, but I believe that my children should, can and do have the right to determine what success means for them, and that I am mistaken to assume that I know what the world will be like when they grow up and what the best way is for them to live in it. I don't know what the world will look like, I don't know what they will choose to do in the future, and I don't know what they will need to learn to succeed in that world on their own terms and in their own ways. I cannot engineer their lives. But I can still provide a foundation. Rather than try to plan for very contingency and attempt to give them a bit of everything so they can succeed, I can help them develop confidence, curiosity, adaptability, passion, unconditionality and trust, in an environment founded on exploration. Regardless of what the world becomes or what part they choose to play in it, I think that this foundation helps them see the possible., This is just one example we have seen of a lasting impact that can happen when relief is brought through the church. With the economy situation, and so many other things that are wearing on the churches outreach, we need to start asking ourselves if we want to continue to build sand castles, or houses built on the rock, that will last for a lifetime, and eternity., Time to get back to the rankings – up next the women’s 400 meter hurdles., Just like the United States, it seems that the UK has extensive shale gas deposits (deep underground) sweeping right across the country. So what could be the potential health implications if fields of gas drilling wells were suddenly to appear across our green and pleasant land? This is the crux of the problem, the concerns of many NGOs lobbying to either halt or at least slow down this type of drilling in the UK, because no one really knows!, Next time I will slightly increase the hop additions throughout the recipe., I mainly used size 3 and size 5 round sable brushes for painting. Next, loosely apply watercolor directly, Commodore Kenny was in the control room, observing our team’s interactions. I was exasperated but kept my cool. I realized the failure was mine. We weren’t going to be able to go from top-down management to bottom-up leadership overnight., Of time. Snow fell, undated. Light, Germany and France backed by a NORMALIZED and transparent 4th Reich, and a neo-Imperial Frankish Imperator via the EU, should just revive Charlemagne’s Lion Throne (Imperial Capital at Aachen, with vassal Kings in Spain, France and Germany? Africa would be pleased to provide REAL Lions, or would the EU prefer to cast replicas in solid gold for effect as well . . . heck have both . . . would convert a whole lot of weak minded ‘Sand N1ggers’ and ‘Gooks’ to Xianity (if Germany’s neo-paganiss do not dominate the religious scene – Paganism btw is more PC than Xianity) at once . . . WH40K! Emperors don’t die, but become more than the living . . . their children’s iniquities or inaccuracies being punished accordingly, those able to hear would doubtless fight on – in this case for the EU., With a little bit of tweaking it should fit no problem., When I can get around to making these skirts, they usually fly out the window. Why? Because they have three channels in the upper body of the skirt that allow you to adjust the length of this garment in many ways. And they are super cute and comfortable!, Tuesday- Leftovers (I usually do leftovers after a casserole/soup night), 9. Do an extraction, just me and Ross (and a million crazy people)., income inequality/reward for effort, Tuesdays at the Castle by Jessica Day George (a royal family lives in a castle that has a mind of its own and is trying to protect them) ****, Dear Readers, request granted. Your lyrics are here:, (NOTE: Though US and eventually Cuban casualty figures were later confirmed, there have never been any official and credible figures for Grenadian casualties, either military or civilian.), joseph knit, - If you need to go the hospital with your baby, use baby socks on their hands to prevent them from pulling at IVs and ports., —The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship, retold by Arthur Ransome and illustrated by Uri Shulevitz; the Caldecott winner in 1969—wise fool Ivan knows about kindness, loyalty, and friendship, so he gains a flying ship and defeats a duplicitous king to win the hand of a princess., I walk alone, and my heart is no more, Jenn N., · Frequency of 23 trains to be increased., Keeping Lent?, “The first to plead his case seems right, until another comes and examines him” (Prov. 18:17). “You shall not bear a false report; do not join your hand with a wicked man to be a malicious witness. You shall not follow the masses in doing evil, nor shall you testify in a dispute so as to turn aside after a multitude in order to pervert justice…” (Ex. 23:1-2). Jesus said, concerning congregational matters, that discipline is only to be executed after every fact has been confirmed by multiple witnesses (Matt. 18:16). Demonizing Trayvon is not justice. Publically portraying Zimmerman or local law enforcement as racist is not truth, per se. There is a great irony in this case. Those claiming that Zimmerman wrongly pulled the trigger without cause are themselves guilty of this assertion. They don’t know why Zimmerman did what he did, and yet they are “pulling the trigger” of condemnation before it has been determined to be right., 2.Oil : 4 tbsp (Olive oil 2tbsp + coconut oil 2tbsp), After of all, I'm beatlemania. The Beatles is a big part in my songs. Also I love British folk. In my iPod, there are Nick Drake, Bert Jansch, John Renbourn, Marc Brierley, Jackson C. Frank, Jackie McAuley, Roy Harper, Heron, Spirogyra, Forest, Fairport Convention., I raced back and forth in my living room wandering how the hell my mother knew about my blog? Besides from the bitches at work who called me a “whore” and “slut” after reading my postings, my friends and family do not and should NOT be aware of my website., In a couple of days, it will mark my one year anniversary of living in San Francisco. When I graduated college, I wanted to live/work in one of three cities: SF, NYC or London. Fortunately, I got myself a job in SF and have been here since., Recently, a small study has revealed that ticks might be one way XMRV is passed on. The study is being done by Dr. Eva Sapi and Dr. Joe Brewer. The connection was discovered with a sample of chronic lyme disease patients showing 90% infectivity rates with XMRV and MLV's., Last Saturday we ran to Piggly Wiggly Supermarket for roast beef, and what are they playing?, Title: Girl in Translation, He also finally went up a shoe size for the first time in about a year. Here he is modeling his new shoes:, In my opinion, the lyrics explains the very first step of relationship, other talented ladies. Her smooth, husky voice voice sends chills down my spine., I've got a copy of AMAZON to send your way, whether you have a reluctant reader or not. Just leave a comment, extra Brownie points for Tweeting., Where do we pick up our parents of the year reward ?, Enjoy tweeting., she is protesting violently with frontal attacks., Every mouth is filled, I could be pragmatic and say that it is because those calves represent our livelihood–our income. We do our job to ensure as many live, healthy calves as possible. But, in reality, there is a different reason it is special. It is hard to explain, but when you see a newborn calf get up and begin to nurse–you cannot help but smile when you see its little tail swishing back and forth. And nothing beats watching a group of calves running out in the pasture, playing games that resemble “hide and seek”, and “tag”., Anyway, fast forward a few years, and we've amassed a selection of Bible verses that really speak to us, inspire us with how we ought to live, how we try to treat each other, and encourage us in our faith. So I spent an afternoon/evening looking them up, copying them into a document, and then playing with font size and weighting to create some word 'art' for the wall of our living room., I was also lucky enough to get an interview with the author, Lola James. I asked her a few questions about the story and her inspiration to be a writer., Morton’s Neuroma – Podiatrist in Valley Stream and Lake Success, NY, It was a very brief date. He bought me dinner and fled back to Mes Amis., by RealityTrader, Add to this that we currently aren't telling family and have only share with two friends our plans. I really don't want to worry everyone and I also don't think I could "nicely" handle their opinions. We don't know how long it will take to get pregnant, so who knows anyway., Saturday: Chronis Pou Vasiliou and Matthew Beasley playing Greek Music., Cars were always driving through my dreams. These cars could turn into ships, and planes., “You know where the rendezvous point is, son,” Pappy seemed annoyed., the quiet wave..., No matter what we say, and no matter what we write in opposition to the ongoing, ever increasing pressure to conform to what a politically correct "public health" juggernaut defines as “normal” and “healthy” behavior, the PC plague infected Anti-smoker faction of all that government sponsored “help” continues to routinely claim it’s “the addiction talking”., John of Staten Island holds down the fort this week, after Frank had his operation., If you missed it, here is the link. Gift Guides They really are worth looking at if you've got a few minutes. The online catalogs are quite nice and easy to read., *** Or through massive Time Lord intervention, probably holding it all together with some sort of paradox machine on a planetary scale (see any episode where the Doctor meets himself), Something has been weighing on me for a long time…I don’t usually talk about my troubles online. However since I seriously doubt it will be read by anyone I know I’m going to get it off my mind…at least for today., This is not an experiment from the book, but an experiment I found on the internet a couple of years ago. We tried it and loved it, so we just had to do it again!, Making Words with Blends by DeAnne of First Grade and Fabulous: "Making Words is a great activity to work on phoneme isolation, segmenting sounds, and blending sounds to make words. This packet includes Blends (with both short vowels and long vowels with silent e. You will find ten different making word directions which include their own recording sheets." (k-2), Health Care Model National Health Insurance, In any event, keep watching, keep self-advocating, and keep at your Tribal leadership to also make calls to D.C. on behalf of the young people in the community., About ten years ago I developed a theory that cross-dressers and/or transgendered individuals were ideal fodder for filmed drama, and I backed it up with a long list of movies that proved the idea – everything from Some Like It Hot to Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (which may have been the film that inspired the theory). The only movie I could come up with that bucked the trend was Mrs. Doubtfire. In the years since, I haven’t kept score as diligently, mostly due to the fact that movies and TV shows featuring characters that fall under the parameters are far more common than they used to be., and call your name, you are there,, This time round, its a Boss BF-2 Flanger joining the family, an older model of the Boss range, first introduced in 1980. For those who give such a damn, it’s a white-knob model, with the pink back label, which places it as a late-90's model. Listening to many, many sources and audio clips, I finally settled on this model which does the job of mushing up your tone and making you sound like an airplane perfectly well for a very reasonable price. As far as I understand the internal workings of these things, this earlier model (as a pose to the BF-3 now in production) is an analogue rather than digital effect, which is always a pleasant thing to learn, as analogue has that big, warm sound we all love. Also, it’s the model the Justin Chancellor uses. This makes it good enough for me., Journal of the Neurological Sciences – Volume 265, Issue 1 , Pages 78-83, 15 February 2008 – Our results seem to demonstrate that MSCs represent a good chance for stem cell cell-based therapy in ALS and that intraspinal injection of MSCs is safe also in the long term. A new phase 1 study is carried out to verify these data in a larger number of patients., You'll notice that I positioned the fleece to cover only a small portion of side two, however..., In each of these ages eventually that thing that was central becomes less profitable. Consider how much money a man (and his family) can make as a farmer. If you think it’s a pretty good living, well then, take away the subsidies and see how good a family farmer can do. Most people who are family farmers are not making a good living even WITH subsidies from the government., New from Crystal Vision is the FTX-L 3G – a fibre optic transmitter designed to transmit 3Gb/s, HD or SD signals over large distances in a robust, reliable and space-saving way and including two input loop-throughs ideal for system checking or distributing input video., Now to the fun part. Cut patterned papers to make the card pretty. Dont forget to put some on the back side of the card, it will show when you fold it. Here is the template for the patterned paper pieces., This is the premiere of a season of Friday blog installments where I take questions on ethics and etiquette and try to give an answer appropriate for both dimensions. If you want to do the right thing but choose to do the wrong thing, how do you handle the whole situation with grace when you’re exposed for the animal you are?, celebrating, The girl who sat next to me in the oboe section in band was dating a very young cop when she was a junior in high school, and I guess that stuck with me. I made sure there are towns that employ 19-year-old policemen before I wrote that into the story. I’m always on the lookout for places where adulthood and childhood clash, because that puts a lot of stress on the characters an creates an interesting novel., This is still very early days and due to the nature of the situation, both parties are looking to keep this underwraps as much as possible, which I’m guessing it will be like that until a deal is agreed. But I’m sure you would agree that this is promising and a massive turn of events in what has been a very bleak 24 hours prior to this morning. All we can do as players now, is just sit back and hope that this deal works out and we finally get our funds back. I think we deserve that. Even if this is sorted, i have a bad feeling that FullTilt’s name will have been tarnished through the unprofessional way it treated it’s players, i think it’s fair to say they have a lot of work to do, not only to secure this deal, but to also earn the trust of it’s players again., URBAN LEGENDS, I went for a massage yesterday., And is neither distressing nor grim., 1. Tumbling Tumbleweeds, Of these the best-known were the Cinco Pintores, a loosely-affiliated group who established a colony on Camino del Monte Sol, just below the TB hospital. Known as 'the five little nuts in the five adobe huts', Jozef Bakos, Fremont Ellis, Walter Mruk, Willard Nash and Will Shuster made the colony self-sustaining and permanent, with the glorious Museum of Fine Arts giving them a place to show (and sell) work., Let me start off by saying, a mere 5 months ago, a trip to our new mailbox meant bundling up and running out to it as fast as I could so that I could get back in the house, and out of the cold., But I am not shouting at you. That uncle broke our side mirror., I think it was on New Year’s Day that I saw the headline on one tabloid quoting DAP as saying, “We don’t need the MB’s seat.” This was, I think, made in response to speculations. We all know that in the states of Perak (when it was briefly under the Pakatan Rakyat) and Selangor, the real administrator of the states was and still is for Selangor, the DAP. Even when the Damansara Utama Methodist Church (DUMC) was raided by the Jabatan Agama Islam Selangor (JAIS), Khalid Ibrahim, the de jure Menteri Besar, quickly apologised to Pastor Daniel Ho on the Thursday after the 2nd August 2011 raid. On the 8th the de jure Menteri Besar had a “meeting” with several DAP excos such as Tan Kok Wai, Ronnie Liu, Ean Yong Hian Wah, V. Ganabathiroa & Senator S. Ramakrishnan. The result of the meeting can be found here. Dr Hasan Ali, the Selangor State Religious Affairs Exco was immediately bashed by all quarters from the Pakatan Rakyat over this issue. Dr Hasan Ali holds his ground until now, while fellow Selangor parliamentarian from PAS, Khalid Samad, is reported to deny that the act of proselytizing never took place at the DUMC, and continues to deny. This is despite the fact that HRH The Sultan of Selangor had issued a proclamation that the act did take place (please refer to the full text of HRH’s proclamation). I always wonder what hold does the DAP have on Khalid Ibrahim and Khalid Samad that they seem to be dragged by their nose by the former on this issue., Need me., Conclusion: The other 25 eurozone States are all paying for the Franco-German arms industry., We left for 3 days to visit my sister, the first of our 12 straight days of 100+ degree heat and the stupid deer, looking for moisture, ate everything in sight. We came back to pathetic sticks sticking out of the ground., 2/3 cup dried cranberries, ?? necklace, The book itself is quite long at over 450 pages, so probably not one for younger readers who want a quick and easy read. But if you’re a confident reader looking for a more challenging story with beautiful language, and enjoy the kind of book that transports you to another world, you should love it – the Muse certainly approves!, Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt, and set aside., - X-man, Especially since we weren’t in a relationship., Shown here is 'Ghost with the Most, babe!' (Beetlejuice, anyone?). I have selected this one because it has bewen one of her most successful shades. I believer it has since been discontinued, but it stands as a perfect example of how Dolly can add minimal amounts of glitter to a shade to create... magic., Let me know you feel afterwards by leaving a comment below., 5) “The times of the Gentiles” politically, or governmentally, began about 600 B.C. (Jeremiah 50-52.). “The times of the Gentiles” spiritually, began when God sent temporary blindness upon Israel and the Risen LORD Jesus Christ sent the Apostle Paul to the Gentiles with the Ministry of Reconciliation., The Lackawanna And Erie Express Band, Well ... our house is defiantly child proofed right now lol.., I have also found out that many girls would stay with the guy who beats them up rather than stay with the gentle lover. The reasoning here’s that, it’s the guy’s obsession (welcomed), jealousy and envy over his woman that makes him beat her up! A lady claimed that her man beat her up because, he wasn’t the talking type but the macho one who would sooner act than be gentle and if he wasn’t macho, she wouldn’t love him (also makes the make-up sex ‘wonderful!)., 25. Wood smoke seeps into your pores. It seeps into EVERYTHING., Linda stirs beside me in the bed and takes a peek at the clock. I snuggle up behind her and put my arms around her., 7. Take the dough, a piece at a time, and roll it out with your hands until you have rolls about 3/4 inch in diameter., on the logistics side. i flew myself to windhoek, the capital of namibia. there i rented a small vw car (left-hand drive – what were they thinking?) that came with two spare tires, as do all cars in this end of the world. i also rented a mattress (the desert floor can be mean…), a tent and a sleeping bag. then i checked most of my stuff into storage at the cardboard box hostel in windhoek, namibia’s capital, and headed off to the place i wanted to photograph with my camera, my rolls of film and my trusty tripod. and bags and bags of biltong, the local spicy dried meat – yum!, These relations between practical commitments are what underlie the instrumental dimension of practical reasoning (i.e., means-ends reasoning). They determine what would count as a satisfying a given practical commitment, and thus both what one must do (e.g., go to Nepal) and must not do (e.g., stay in the UK) if it is to be satisfied. However, there is more to practical reasoning than instrumental reasoning. There is reasoning about what one is going to do, as well as reasoning about how one is going to do it. We might call this the motivational dimension of practical reasoning, and it is underpinned by inferential relations that connect theoretical commitments to practical commitments, rather than those that connect theoretical to theoretical (and thus, indirectly, practical to practical). The kinds of inferences these correspond to are usually understood as inferences to intentions (i.e., practical commitments) from beliefs (i.e., theoretical commitments) when combined with desires (or other so-called pro-attitudes). What is distinctive of Brandom’s approach to practical reasoning (and the feature which is relevant to our concern with the notion of value) is the way he accounts for the role that desires (and other pro-attitudes) play in these inferences. To explain this I’m going to have to use some of Brandom’s own examples of such inferences:-, For my second and later drafts, I write on a computer. It’s a desktop which is on a desk cluttered with papers (not having to do with the project), CDs, and a bunch of other random stuff., I made a wee card using my mist spray as the background and layered up the fab wee Tinseltown images (sneak peek number 2!) to make a little scene! Coloured with promarkers, added lots of glitter and gloss to finish, Which is why I instantly fell in love at first sight with Psalm 90:12., Just because they had a reality show that clearly exhibited to the world their incredible addiction problems, doesn’t mean it was his fault., If we recall the agricultural revolution which changed the face of Europe in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, the prime effect of the investment in new means of performing agricultural tasks was to emancipate labour from the often back-breaking seasonal tedium of physical labour on the land, but its economic effect was to enable land to be husbanded and crops harvested through the use of a smaller labour force, not a larger one. Redundant labour, an impoverished drain on charitable resources in rural areas and without alternative prospects for work, drifted to the cities., I know plenty of women who kick up their heels together on a girls’ trip. Heck, I think they made a movie about it — a little picture called “Bridesmaids.”, XOXO- Miss V., SINGLES CONTENDERS:, These plans are not always the same for each of us. It is so important, that each of us learns to have an intimate relationship with the Lord. Just because something worked for one person does not mean it will always work the same for you. Your actions, seeking and obeying His commandments and your FAITH, will dictate your blessings and their effectiveness, and timeliness! THE Lord shall supply you’re your needs according to His riches and Glory., Creating energy this way would be like magicking water into existence by taking some water, freezing it, then melting the ice, and experting to find more water than you started with. It’s not going to get you very far. You don’t get something for nothing., Today was very productive, a trip to town, Yoga class, paid ATT bills, signed up for Comcast phone service. (Which, combined with the internet and TV we already have, SHOULD result in a savings) I'll believe it when it happens. Then shopping, then a call(via cell phone) that the phone tech was enroute. It took 4 hours and many trips to other places (for the tech) but about 6pm we got our dial tone back. There was a break somewhere else. When I asked earlier on about just using a different pair of wires, I was told they were all full. So more good news, next week there will be a pair available! Tech was very nice., before ending with an other round of plain knitting., I called in the horderves for our officer party next week, yum, yum...but for tonight, I'm just gonna enjoy the annual event with my friend, and try not to think of anything else., I think we need to cool down as lightworkers and reject acting as a herd or mob. In my view, we need to wean ourselves from the self-righteousness that was so evident in us when we were fighting the cabal., Day 3 was spent at the Batterson house hanging out with Owen's aunt, uncle, cousins & grandparents! He had a lot of fun playing with the presents they got him, reading books with them and crawling around all over the place!, I was grateful that my breasts had been there to feed my two children., celery, peppers, and garlic. Saute 5-8 minutes. Add broth and spices; reduce, ‘The Bank of Israel will begin today a pilot program to invest a portion of its foreign currency reserves in U.S. equities., Keller says that ”Self-centeredness is a havoc-wreaking problem in many marriages, and it is the ever-present enemy of every marriage” (56). This self-centeredness is prevalent even in Christian ministries and marriage materials., I Could sleep thinking of a plow,, RAND publishes The RAND Journal of Economics, a peer-reviewed journal of economics., 6. Lila (Season 2), Ann Fahl, and since it was warm the kids got in the pool for the first time this year, “I got a really good look at her face. She looked just like Madeleine. She was older obviously, but the features were identical.’’, The items in the Candy are, This is actually my first year of Script Frenzy, I’ve tried NaNoWriMo before but never succeeded (so far). I’ve had the idea for this script for about a year and it’s been kept on the back burner by other projects and my day job. Script Frenzy was an ideal opportunity to dust it off and get some words down., I always been a fan of music, just listening to tons of wonderful music I just started playing, creating my own tones., The least of which is ‘why?’, Pages:336, The issue at hand is anti-gun, agenda-driven journalism that we are constantly inundated with. We know the 870 is a good gun, and gun owners know that too, but the fact that our media is constantly trying to over sensationalize these types of stories is ignorant and dangerous, and so we’ve decided to take a stand., Renowned prophet and servant of God Temitope Balogun Joshua popularly known as Prophet TB Joshua who is the founder and leader of Synagogue of All Nations church has prophesied that English Giants Chelsea will lift this years Uefa Champions league trophy., Next Week:A Tale of Two Parties, Meeting for the First Time, Models: Susan Smith Andrews and Laura Bowman, (watch the video here.... you may want to grab that tissue first), So I saw few malaria in Zimbabwe, although I had malaria and treated many cases when I worked in Liberia., Have you always wanted to write?Yes. If you eat,sleep,dream and think writing you’re meant to be a writer. I can have a full blown conversation with you, watch a movie, edit a book, talk on the phone all while mentally constructing a new book., * 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander, I think we do a great disservice to the people we share the Gospel with when we tell them that salvation is only about salvation as if redemption had nothing to do with sanctification or making us holy creatures. I think the demand that God places on our lives is best said here by the Apostle: “Therefore, in view of God’s mercy, offer yourselves as living sacrifices…” We are fond of salvation, but worship as a sacrificial lifestyle is probably abhorrent to us., but we will see what my decision will be., We now know that there are around 4,000 possible victims of Glenn Mulcaire’s phone hacking spree (at least). This is based upon the information taken from Mr Mulcaire’s home, and which, by the time of the Sheridan trial, had been in the possession of the Metropolitan Police for over four years. Quite how DCS Williams was able to say that there was one victim, Mr Pinkerton, seems remarkable., But who will believe a peasant like him? For a poor man like Maitre Hauchecome (of the story) reputation and honor was more important. Perhaps, more important than sparkling stones and metals., Just what does that mean to you? Is it simply another day that you go about your hectic life? Is it a day that you stop for a moment or two and actually pray?, Find yourself searching for TV shows, local news or even Google mapping your old neighbourhood? (Yes, this does happen). You’re trying to virtually transport yourself back to the familiarity of your pre-university years., Would a yard of Heather Bailey Rose Bouquet in Emerald help you decide?!, Thank you for your time, understanding and prayers, if you're so inclined., C: “Mom, I saw a picture of them and they are tadpoles! I told you!”, "your love never fails, it never gives up, it never runs out on me.", Megan will be dancing her sweet little heart out at the concert again. I asked her to dance a hornpipe this year. She cheerfully tipped her head to the side, accessed her internal notes and took off across the floor. That girl can dance. Makes my old Irish dancing injury ache just looking at her., -Sheamus sent into the ringpost, his wrist gets caught, fuck!, The photos below give you some idea of the variety of the attractions, but for more photos go to, Angry over this turn of events, I attempt to escape after another time jump. The Rugged Man finds out about this, and in the process of fleeing I am shot in the stomach and left to die in the yard. Which, as one may imagine, I did. Yet the dream didn’t end., 4. That Night (Oberg, Fredriksz, Reijnen, v. Heiningen) 5:15, The prayer, Have much more of a sense of what is possible now, how much I can achieve. Life is just full of options and we should all enjoy every second of it!, Citra and Nelson IPA 7.1%, The reunited band may also tour South America and, at some point, complete work on the album of new material it was in the process of recording with Brendan O'Brien before things went awry., The La Nina is expected to be neutral by May or June and the tropical Pacific should remain neutral for the rest of the year. If this timing is right, the US should be able to produce a near average crop. Drought concerns for some areas, like Texas, until August., 2010.08.31 Somalia Mogadishu 8 14 Five men and three women are taken down by al-Shabaab bombers., Peanut Butter Pie...not sure where I got this recipe from YEARS ago, but it is like the signature pie served at Little Joe's Restaurant in Oneonta, AL in the early 60's., Wiped away blood with my hands, because they hate the sight of blood and being hurt is bad enough without having it make you sick., “You stupid bitch!” The woman went to grab her but Addison quickly latched onto Darien and hid next to him., In New York, Robby Andrews became the first prep ever under 1:50 in the 800 with his stunning 1:49.21 win. How good is this mark? He's now faster indoors than the last three outdoor record holders Michael Granville (1:46.45), George Kersh (1:46.58) and Pete Richardson (1:47.31) AND prep Mile record holder Alan Webb (1:47.75)! With these four as my guide I'm thinking we will see great things from Mr. Andrews this outdoor season., We make sure everyone sees your true side!, I hate myself for so many reasons., The rack won’t be coming with me on ACT this year as I’ve committed to being exclusive with Banjo Brothers bags on my bike. My current configuration is one of their barrel bags and the top tube bag. I may use a seat bag as well to stuff my rain jacket in or transfer my patch kit/levers/tube into and then put my jacket in the barrel bag. I’m not sure yet. Once I do some long training rides I’ll figure out what will work best., We are spending Christmas Eve at some very special friend's., Through scholarly research, the interaction of Western Esotericism with the mystical traditions of organized religion has been recognized to be extensive. Further, and less well known, is the often pivotal role esoteric groups and beliefs have had in shaping the modern world as a whole, while remaining “Hidden in Plain Sight.”, I wanted to expand that a bit with this post and offer a printable notebook page to use to follow-up your Extraordinary in the Ordinary outdoor time. I challenge you to find at least one thing to take a closer look and to then complete a notebook page or nature journal showing what you learned. My family will be participating in this challenge too!, - Jon B, Manchester, 01/3/2012 16:20, Anyway that's the Saturday rant over and I've not even read the Daily Mail yet, still if you want more on the puritanical neo-prohibitionists Alcohol Concern and their boss Don Shenker I suggest you head over to see Fido at the Don Shenker is a Chump site. NB the word 'chump' is used in the similar way that Peter the Pedarist used it earlier this year., Her: “…um…”, GARROSH: Um, what’s this?, I've been collecting some likely suspects for this feature on duplicate images on book covers. I'm hoping some of you will chime in on these. What do you think?, But I need to concentrate on them right now, If you want to leave your footprints on the moon, you must return to God, the Potter and ask Him to show you what destiny He had in mind when He was creating you. Submit to His shaping and moulding. Allow Him to fire you up., In England, there is an invisible space around each person that you have to respect. It’s all about being an individual., So when the dimension was given as circumference, in centimeters, I didn't really pay attention. I just "assumed" that it was going to be on the slightly larger 4" (10cm) styrofoam base, kinda like this one I bought in Japan:, Romans in Britain(1980) was prosecuted by Mary Whitehouse. Sitting through this state-financed attack on us was described as like someone spitting in your face! This was the aim of these Bourgoise-Marxists – Epater les bourgoise- to spit in the face of the bourgoise. These writers had no moral base as most of them had been to British public schools and had plummy middle-class accents and they were financed by taxpayers money.., Other items used: copics, watercolors, ribbon, twine, foam tape, PTI dies, Amuse impression plates, self-adhesive pearls, clear embossing powder, white embossing powder, nestabilities, glossy accents, homemade chocolate chip cookies, and the latest season of Psych on netflix., Now, until the walls are painted, and I can gauge the size of the star wall, I probably won't make the artwork, but I did scour the net for some great alphabet art inspirations that I loved., Katie and Kristi also chat about a traumatic childhood filled with fear and strange people visiting their house. Katie’s advice to Kristi is simple, “Don’t’ talk about it. It’ll only make things worse” It turns out ignoring the problem isn’t the answer and it leads to a major case of return of the repressed when paranormal activity literally explodes in the kitchen., Bake *30 to 50 minutes or until a tester inserted near the center comes out clean and the cake springs back when pressed lightly in the center. The cake should start to shrink from the sides of the pan only after removal from the oven., Main largest essentials that several youth understand deal with today is due to relation to her self-esteem and how all the people see independantly., My argument, though I botched my explanation at the time, is that games have incredible untapped potential in the field of negative emotions. Just as the lowest common denominator of any art form appeals to ‘positive’ emotions, whether it’s humour, arousal or excitement, so it is that our young games industry is obsessed with the idea of ‘fun’., Rueful chuckle., Spurs were third back then, Redknapp had returned to the dugout to oversee a 5-0 demolition of Newcastle and things were looking rosier than his Monaco bank account for the man who ticked every box for the populist choice as Capello’s succesor. Redknapp was a peerless motivator they cried, he had by consensus, Tottenham over-acheiving playing a superbly entertaining brand of football for a modest cost but most importantly he was English (a rare commodity considering there are only 4 English managers at clubs outside of the bottom three in the Premier League) and the “INNOCENT” verdict that reverberated around Southwark that morning sounded like the knell for an immediate pursuit of Redknapp by the FA board as they searched for a man to survey Capello’s wreckage and re-build a respectable abode in time for the fast-approaching European Championships., Each person left that church more committed than ever to bring the killing to an end., Confound the bitter queen, www.urbansurvivalsciences.com (Coming Soon), She sat us down and started her talk. She began by telling us she'd heard about Lucien from other teachers before he was assigned to her class. She'd heard he had a hard time sitting still, that he was loud, that he played too rough, that he delighted in breaking the rules. She'd heard all these things and more before he even stepped into her classroom., Facebook likes: 17,609, We CPAs are not all afraid of new, dynamic, and fresh looks. Some of us, however, are not very pleased with the default font in Office 2007 programs. Where most professional correspondence is prepared using a more conservative font, the default Calibri is not always taken seriously., Thank you again to PJ for hosting me! Solstice is an amazing book, and PJ a talented story-teller and creator of myth and I'm honored to be on her site., In Atlanta, Delta Airlines said it is already licensed to operate charter flights to Cuba. In Fort Lauderdale, Airline Broker Co., which also has a license, is vying to offer twice-weekly flights. Other airports that have expressed interest in offering Cuba flights are Dallas/Fort Worth, New Orleans, Chicago, San Juan, Pittsburgh, and Baltimore., I'm going to be honest, I don't know what to post about today., At the Oktoberfest Ole! you will find the most typical products of German gastronomy: frankfurters, pork knuckle, grilled ribs, Bavarian Emmental cheese, salads, delicious desserts, German cakes and of course the full range of beer from the Bavarian major brands. It will be complemented by live music: with an orchestra and some Guest DJs, This past weekend, my Novio and I went to hear a group that he’s crazy about, Bela Fleck and The Flecktones. He’s been raving about them for years and last weekend I finally learned why. Have I been living under a rock? The music they make is pure joy. Emotionally exhilarating and intellectually stimulating. Mostly instrumental, it just cannot be pigeon-holed into any particular genre. Jazz, bluegrass, fusion, classical, funk, world music – they flow from one to the other. These guys are geniuses. Bela Fleck plays the most awesome banjo (check him out, Lior!)., In fact the buyers did come back at me, but many years later. This timeframe I’m blogging about today is March 2003. It was two full years later, March 2005 when I got served papers at my home for the deposit of $25K. I of course consulted with a lawyer, and I countersued the boat broker I’d started this whole deal with in May 2005 to cover all my bases. Lots of documentation was needed which I thankfully had, my chronological list of events was invaluable and after much dallying around, it finally went to discovery., Watchers stop looking, 1. KHABALLO by Margo Lerwill, But they are known to be right irritating and can cause the scalp to turn into inflamed and extremely itchy. These openings as well has a function of excretion. Treatment of head lice that you should do much to prevent further spread of nits for the alternative family members. They are chemically-based poisons and should be used (if thats what you want) when you are assured there are bugs you find. It is believed by a number of authors as the most common infectious disease in schools, after respiratory infections., Anyone have any better ideas?, Mom turned 50, I just graduated from college. Despite my grandparents being ill, so having cancelled the trip in early May and then re-scheduling it to May 15th to May 20th, upon landing there we realised – some intangible force had brought us there for when we returned our positive energies made ‘home’ a richer time with family too!, There has been much local speculation about the political future of Miss Colgate in recent times. Earlier this year she stepped down from her position as British National Party staff manager, saying she wanted to concentrate fully on fighting the Thurrock Parliamentary seat for the party in the General Election., Dumb cliches work with young people because pop culture is always evolving (perhaps devolving is a more accurate word) so there are new images to work with all the time. But the cliches we've developed for old farts haven't changed at all. We need a new visual language., Even social networking giant "Facebook" is putting in place a new way for members to send an alert that another member has threatened suicide on their website. CLICK HERE to visit the "Suicide" help page on Facebook., 07 Two of a Kind, By Mister Fox of the Green Arrow Forum., Carmel Apple Cupcakes, It’s the decade that the loonie learned to fly. Since bottoming below 62 cents U.S. in January 2002, the Canadian dollar has soared beyond parity with its American counterpart. What’s more, 2011 was the first year since 1976 that our dollar averaged above parity., Day 9: The Long Drive Home, oh yeah, this sounds like me:, No more.', Grandma goes into the room to say her final goodbye to her beloved grandson and who does she see there standing there looking like he’s having a bad 80's hair day? Outside while she’s hugging him, the Evil Couple meets Park Ha and they share a moment. Dude, you really think she’s going to remember you? Okay, fine, she probably will since this is a drama but in real life, she won’t so just relax!, In the city centre of Trondheim Nattergalen can be found. Nattergalen calls itself a bar with a kitchen. As a bar, the place is interesting with many interesting wines and drinks on the menu., Brewers Gold 8.0%, 60 min 1.0 oz., “Second. I will try to learn and do His will by forming the habit of praying and carefully reading my Bible daily, and by thinking, speaking, and acting as I believe He would in my place. . . .” (Clark, Christian Endeavor, supra, p. 253)., - I got the keys to my very own apartment. -, I finally downloaded the new version of QuickTime so I can watch the series on my laptop (still no tv). Last night I binged on four episodes, and I’ve been waiting all day for it to be nightfall so I can watch some more., I just love Theresa's beautiful hand drawn strawberries so I had to use them for this card. I stamped the main image with Memento ink and colored it with Copic Markers. I traced around a Spellbinders circle die with a pencil and then cut it out with scissors but leaving the areas that had the stamped image. I layered the circle on some patterned paper, added a ribbon and then I used a strip of patterned paper from Petals and Wings paper pack underneath. I inked all edges with Tea dye distress ink and sewed around the edges of my card. Finally, I stamped the birthday sentiment from the set and added some rhinestones., We went on a 10 day trip to visit family and I'm just starting to feel recovered from the traveling., Becoming knowledgeable about the mind will help you to improve your stability and certainty in life. Learning the fundamentals mechanics of the mind will give you a complete understanding of the fears, nightmares, upsets and other difficulties., Dr Gorenflo, of Penn State University said: ‘We looked at regions important for biodiversity conservation and measured their linguistic diversity in an effort to understand an important part of the human dimension of these regions., * One aspect of the journey it to let go of one's negative self and ego., Also, there are a couple of tidbits of good news. First, SMALL PERSONS WITH WINGS has been accepted for Scholastic Book Clubs and Book Fairs, starting this coming winter. THE UNNAMEABLES, meanwhile, is on the reading list for the Youngstown State University English Festival, which brings some 3,000 teens to campus every march to discuss the books on the list, among other activities., Hmmm… this took a little bit of time to allow it to fully percolate in my mind. With all of the listening to various successful coaches being interviewed for the latest Teleseminar that I have been invited to check out for a possible new way to attract more Abundance into my life. This feeling like the umpteenth million (could be exaggerating just a tad) set of coaching calls to cross my path on my way to becoming??? More Abundant, Allowing, Attracting, Aware, and all the other A words that have found their way to my email box since my initiation into the world of Universal laws not commonly found in one’s generic schooling., *You can use leftover rotisserie chicken, or bake raw chicken breasts on tin foil lined pan at 350 until center is no longer pink, or use leftover turkey at thanksgiving for a turkey pot pie., The Viking: There's something wrong with the baby. We don't know what yet, but we're having tests done. It might be something so severe that we'll have to terminate the pregnancy., Often you will hear that something is ‘good on paper’. This means that while it would seem like a delightful idea in theory, once you actually play it out, it doesn’t quite live up to the beautiful list of benefits that may or may not have once listed onto some sort of paper at an earlier moment in time. There are things out there which are more obviously ‘good on paper’ but ‘bad in practice’, such as Communism, Adult Diapers, Napping, Water Beds, or Unprotected Sex. However, some things are much more covertly ‘bad in practice’. Leave it to me to assist you in avoiding the following list of ‘good on paper – bad in practice’ things and shit and whatnot that may otherwise take you by surprise., They have used the military and police force to prevent freedom of the press., But April’s output literary, What I was thinking about in the last few minutes is relationships. I think that most married people come to various points in their relationship with each other where they are forced to ask, is there room for change? If one of us changes, is there room for that in this marriage? If you see a marriage as a system, then change in one part will force a change in the other part. So, if I change, can you handle it., The mannequin I borrowed from my parents and put his American Legion jersey that he will be wearing this summer to play ball in....thought that looked really nice!, I digress; I have horrible sleeping habits, and I really love the way it looks outside when the moon is full, kinda like someone turned a light on......one that leaves shadows here and there, and sparkly snow in other places! So pretty! (Except for the cold!), The other huge change from last year’s cycle has been my nutrition. Last year, I lost about 10 lbs from January to May during marathon training, but didn’t pay a lot of attention to my nutrition. This year, I have been eating mostly Paleo since August 2011, and I have noticed the difference in my energy levels during runs. I feel much stronger with paleo eating, and don’t seem to crash as much during my long runs. However, eating right after my runs is a lot more difficult, and takes more thinking and pre-planning, as I can’t just go grab a Safeway sandwich (a fave after running last year)., Egyptian Expert on Islamic Law Malika Zarrar Blasts Fatwas Permitting “Shameful” Sexual Practices, Some have mistakenly condensed their analysis and questioning regarding Palestine and the uprisings by asking when Palestine will join the “Arab Spring,” or when will we see a third intifada. But asking this question reflects a fundamental misunderstanding with the nature of resistance in Palestinian society and the role of its intifadas in the collective consciousness of most Arabs., Twelve homes, They originally told me less than a 5% chance of getting to May, and now we're looking at scheduling an induction for that first week of May. It's surreal - happy news, of course! the best possible outcomes - but surreal. I'm hanging in there - the complaints of pregnancy are normal ones and I'm tired and ready to be done with work. They will not let me go past my due date, but unless baby makes an appearance this coming week or the 24-hour urine collection or bloodwork I'll do tomorrow (due to another high blood pressure reading in office) suggest pre-eclampsia, then we're pretty much looking at induction the following week. I'm guessing this will end with induction, given that not much has happened naturally. No cervical change (save some shortening) since the cerclage came out., There are nuggets of architectural history laced throughout the book, owing to Morrone’s specialty. He is the author of An Architectural Guidebook to Brooklyn and has written about the architectural history of New York City for publications including The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal. (He also wrote the historical society’s Park Slope guidebook from this same series.), Extras Three gallons of Distress Ink around the edges, plus Craftwork Cards Card Candi, When the storms of life rage, shouldn’t the world be able to find refuge in the body of Christ and His church?, When her turn came, she approached Sister Thandi and paid for six 400g tins of Nan Pelargon., I know this is supposed to be "Wordless Wednesday" and I try to stick to that...but I wanted to share a little bit with you today., Well it's 3 in the morning right now, and I'm kind of tired. This post is probably all over the place lol. Let me know what your opinion of the song is in the comments section., Chris Jericho made his way to the ring to kick off what would be the first match of this week’s episode. His opponent, Kofi Kingston, came out to an energetic crowd and was looking to get a win over Jericho. As the match progressed, the more intense it became. Jericho and Kofi were putting it all on the line, but one high-risk maneuver from Kofi led to a code breaker to the face from Jericho. Jericho picked up the win, but he wasn’t done just yet. Jericho picked up a mic and scolded Punk and the audience while telling CM Punk that he had a special gift for him. Jericho didn’t say what the contents of the gift were, but that we would find out later on in the night., Watchmen wasn't the first graphic novel, but it did an immense amount to establish the graphic novel as an important literary form, deserving of the utmost respect. Before Watchmen shows just how far is left to go., Mitt Romney once said that people should be allowed to lose their houses so that deep pocket investors could buy them and make even more huge profits. He says that if high school graduates want to go to college or start a business in these tough times they should borrow the money from their parents, the same parents that he says should lose their jobs and lose their houses. Even though he was responsible for putting together a semi universal healthcare package for Massachusetts, he would prefer to deny the same package for the nation and wants to leave the insurance market alone so corporations can continue to make profits and deny people coverage in their time of need. This is the man who said corporations are people too., "I have to suffer this agent route, where half of them do not bother even answering me. I have to suffer the fact that my query letter must be one page, printed, sent in an envelope, and then wait 4 months for an answer. Then I have to wait until the agent does find a publisher. IF they find a publisher. Then I have to wait another year before the book may come out, if it is not cancelled. Then I have to market my own book which I have to do anyway if I self-publish. So forget that!", 4. Um, none of them – including Israel – are in Europe. Small point, but worth bringing up I feel., Ezekiel 3:17-21, What else could I give this book except five stars! It made me respect the genre of YA fiction. It caused me to completely revamp my rating system for books. It set a new standard of writing, one that demands real depth for a riveting plot, and a healthy respect for the intelligence of readers. But my main reason for the five-star rating is something I call the "OH MY GOD, NO WAY" factor. I can't count the number of times I had to stop reading, or exclaim, "OH MY GOD", because Catniss got out of one life-threatening situation only to be faced with another horrific dilemma. Every time you thought there was absolutely nothing worse that could possibly happen to her, Suzanne Collins threw out some unbelievable plot twist or wickedly creative evil. The drama began almost from page one, and it was going strong through the last sentence., Last week I had the good fortune to have lunch at le Petit Hôtel Bourrienne, a private mansion named after Napoleon's private secretary who was once the building's owner. It was a window into a slice of French life that I hadn't encountered before because the building, while open for tours by appointment most of the year and at set hours during the summer, remains the home to the family that has owned it since the mid 19th century. The downstairs reception rooms are considered one of the best preserved examples in Paris of architecture and furnishings from the Directoire period, the period after the Revolution but before Napoleon became emperor. The family lives upstairs, the elderly mother on one floor and her daughter and husband, whose children have all left the nest, on the floor above., We had a long layover in Denver, so I tried to get some sleep under a row of seats near our terminal. The airport was really quiet at such an early hour, but our terminal was right next to a moving sidewalk from which a very loud, automated voice emanated roughly every minute. It was an annoyingly cheery robotic female voice warning people, in English and Spanish, that the moving sidewalk was coming to an end and to watch their step. It seemed completely unnecessary and I think that's what really ended up getting to me in the end., On a more positive side, let’s consider those ‘astrologically ideal dates.’ If I believe that I will achieve greater success by tying an important decision/action to a given date, and I proceed with positive expectation to that launch date… well, what is the outcome? I’m taking action. I’m proceeding with a high level of harmony about the present and future. I’m excited and full of goodwill and gratitude. Truly, with all of that on my side, can the future be in any doubt?, up. I have nine of these letters from this officer to his wife. Some of them expressing how lonely he, I can’t decide which idea is more insane — letting the states take over Social Security, or allowing young people to make their own Social Security financial decisions. I mean, over the long haul, states have an absolutely abysmal track record when it comes to handling their own finances (see appendix E, “California, Illinois and New Jersey, 2011”), whereas jumping to the wild conclusion that 30-year-olds will suddenly become financially responsible simply staggers the mind., NYIT faculty from the Center for Global Health will discuss their work in under-developed countries. NYIT alumni and CEO of EmPower David Shieren (M.S. ’06) will participate in a panel discussion on wind and photovoltaic power. Other participants include Hollis Stone, an expert in emergency power and water systems, and NYIT faculty members Farzana Gandhi, Jason Van Nest and Michelle Bertomen, designers of water bottle roofing system., Those 12 men – including Matthias – had seen the Lord doing all amazing things; they had seen, ate, slept, prayed, travel and walked along with Jesus Christ and they knew well that He was the Messiah. At the moment of trial, they fled, they scattered. What was that that happened so they did gather again and went all around the lands and taught the Word of God, the Good news? They saw with their own eyes the Lord arrested, tortured, crucified, dead and buried. What happened that changed their minds? What happened that gave them so much strength and stamina to move endlessly and preach and teach, till the day of their physical death?, "We haven't reviewed the accident report from the police," Mr. Switenky said., 1 feast, The Cake: L designed his own cake (similar to some we'd seen online) and then I had a good friend make it for him. His "dream" he said, was to have a blue cake with yellow stars, and characters on the top. She followed his instructions exactly and the cake was perfect!, We had fun in this class because that was the intent of the class. And yet people grew into new areas too. So did I. Having the intent to feel good in the Now, and go with the feeling of that into the future does produce desired growth. There is the intention of discovering your feeling place of feeling good. There is no goal to press forward into, to stress about, to “make happen”., Anders Behring Breivik loses front-page power in Norway, published Friday, provides a hint why: Silje Gloppen, a teacher, said however abhorrent Breivik's views, lessons needed to be learned from him. "Norwegians and, I believe, the rest of the world have to consider the possibility that this man is speaking the truth when he says he believes our 'Norwegian culture and ethnicity' is threatened by multiculturalism," she said., Let's start with a wee tale of Los Angeles and how not to have a threesome with your boyfriend., So, the deadline for my dissertation is fast approaching. I know that my posts have been few this month, but it’s been a super busy one so I hope you all forgive me!, it is still, See you on the road!, 1/2 cup mixture of fresh herbs, finely chopped or roughly ground (I use a blend of lavender flowers, rosemary, and sage. Pure mint is tasty too...), This meme started when an anonymous person on a popular image site posted a picture of the character Halo from the popular Halo games, saying the following in a caption:, Bayer became part of IG Farben, the conglomerate of German chemical industries that formed the financial heart of the Nazi regime. After World War II, the Allies split apart IG Farben, and Bayer again emerged as an individual company. Its purchase of Miles Laboratories in 1978 gave it a product line including Alka-Seltzer and Flintstones and One-A-Day Vitamins. In 1994, Bayer bought Sterling Winthrop's over-the-counter business, gaining back rights to the Bayer name and logo and allowing the company once again to profit from American sales of its most famous product, “It’s a violation to make, print or publish a discriminatory statement,” Executive Director Nancy Haynes told Fox News. “There are no exemptions to that.”, IMS an independent broker based in Spain says unlike the national data our completions for the year on year February 2011 versus 2012 are up 28%., Curry Powder, She was standing just outside the door (having a sneaky fag I like to think) as I opened it, and ran headlong into her bulky blackness, with the power of almost forty four year olds behind me., To sum it all up, I believe that every writer/director/cinematographer should watch this prank which turned into a viral video ad campaign for TNT., <U+25CF> This invention will completely restructure and revolutionize the world’s, Until next time - mwah !, I wasn’t going to be happy if we had paid to get the train and gone all that way just to go straight home again., Honest...Only when they're found out., passing and you wanted one; you saw a train and you wanted one too. Many of, PIMCO Sporting Events, The Judeo/Christian theological principle that every human being is capable of good or evil and that each person, no matter what tribe, race or class he or she belongs to, is accountable to God for his or her sins is to be jettisoned. Classes deemed virtuous by reason of ethnicity are to prevail over guilty majorities. The result of the race industry may turn out to be a new royal order in America, a right to elevation above other races and classes because of bloodline., Moral of the story? Embrace the natural course of motherhood. Vaginally deliver your baby and breastfeed. It’s good for him/her and for you. Although… I honestly wish I could practice what I preach when it’s my turn, insert dreading-it icon here., The blue glow from the TV illuminates her sad face. I hate this part. Waking her up. She always starts crying when she looks at me. But we need to go to bed., I’m the type of person who has to work for a while, do something else, and then come back to my writing. I feel like taking a break helps me not to over-think my work, which then frees my mind to think about what I need to add to my story or take away from it. Mundane tasks such as doing the dishes or washing clothes helps me focus my mind on my story, so I try to take a break after sitting for a while and writing. (Plus, it helps to rest my eyes from staring at a computer screen for too long.) I basically just write when I find the time throughout all of the day. I do tend to work more at night when the house is quiet and all I can hear is the TV playing softly in the background. I don’t turn it to something I’ll be really interested in and will distract me though. Sometimes when I really just need to focus on my work and get it done, I lock myself away and turn on some relaxing music and write, but mostly, I sit where I’m most comfortable and write no matter what’s going on around me., This is Kyoto, 1408 Butterfield Road, Downers Grove. Besides sushi, they also feature cooked Japanese and Chinese dishes., weight: 16 lbs 1 oz (75th%), No more. I got cream cheese this past weekend expressly so I could make this wrap and give it a try. So last night I went through the process of making my wraps., I got to school and got things set up for my day. I was starting my big projects with most of my classes. My eighth graders started researching for their music videos and my seventh graders were starting their research for their podcast projects. My sixth graders continued watching and discussing Season 9 of “American Idol”. On my prep-periods, I graded papers and watched “X-Men Evolutions” on Hulu and at lunch I watched last night’s episodes of “The Office”, “Parks and Recreation”, and “Community” on Hulu as well. I got done with my instructional day and it was time to get finished with school, so I left work and went right home., Like a sword the tongue, Prayer: Father, in Jesus name, I thank you for delivering me today. I know you did not cause this trouble to happen to me. I believe Jesus is saving me, starting right now and I praise you for your glory transforming my life. Amen, This is the way to create a small-school system that is personal but affordable; which writes no-one off but nudges people towards maximising their natural talents and bringing their aspirations to fruition., In early 2003, just before the Statute of Limitations would expire, the charges against the fugitive wanted in Mr. Kobayashi’s death were moved up to “Murder”., Desserts are my favourite course of the meal. A warning though. If you’re going to eat at Hard Rock Cafe, you’ll have to ensure you have space for the dessert. We were stuffed but our love for tres leches and cheesecake respectively gave us courage to order. I am a cheesecake convert, that is to say I didn’t start out loving them but now I can’t do without them on the menu. This particular one was massive. It took 3 people to finish. As Salonee rightly pointed out, it was ‘dense’ too. Though the good thing was it just melted in my mouth and I really appreciated that., Roberta Lannes – Turkish Delight, This ones for you Ken., Diet fail. I’m counting days now. Target is to make that the only alcohol drank in May., "Don't touch anything!" were my final words., given moment. If there was one most important point in relation to raising, To (roughly) quote Thornton Wilder: “You get a good night’s sleep, too.”, “They have happened. All of these have happened to me.”, ~ SonJa, Because postage to overseas can be prohibitive I am willing to give a $5.00 book certificate to international winners - Amazon, Barnes & etc....you tell me where and I'll set it up. So for my overseas visitors your comment may indicate a smaller book and I'll check postage or note your choice of gift card., Meanwhile, heat 1 Tbs. oil in a large skillet. Saute the bell pepper, celery, scallions and garlic until softened, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and let cool. Wipe the skillet clean., 9 runs looking good, You can't really see the sheen of the Patina (top). Panache has the same look but may be slightly thicker. Beneath that is #8 Perle Coton, which gives a more open look. Neither one covers the canvas completely. The middle swatches are the Silken Pearl (SNP; left) and #5 Perle Coton. The SNP gives an even more open, lacier look, which I rather like. The #5 covers much more than even the Patina and is nubbier. For the Fiesta (left in the bottom picture), I used three plies, which gives a similar effect to #8 Perle and SNP. I attempted to just use the strand as it came off the card, but it wasn't a happy experience, so I switched to the smaller bundle. (I took no pains with laying this, as I was pretty sure I wasn't going to enjoy the experience of stitching regardless of the look.) I like the way the Grandeur filled better than the #5 Perle. It was less bumpy, being a finer twist. My preference for stitching with silk was once again confirmed by this exercise., He signed my program and then said, "And off we go." And quickly walked out the door with a priest. He had said something similar the last time I saw him ... he's obviously coached., I do hope you can come and join us., LaBeouf, Tom Hardy, Guy Pearce, Gary Oldman and formerly known as THE WETTEST COUNTY IN THE WORLD, the story of the film is set in the Depression-era Franklin County, Virginia, and follows a bootlegging, 2 instinctively, If you spoke to any of my friends they would tell you my stance on cheating is a very strong one. I’m extremely opposed to the whole concept of cheating in regards to relationships. There are several reasons why I have never agreed with any justification for cheating, and these reasons in turn have made me struggle to understand why people engage in such a harmful act. Let’s review some of the most common excuses for cheating…, I love this little beast more than anything, but he is driving me bonkers. He’s also become extra needy lately, and usually just with me. He lets Dad do a few other things when they are together, but when I am around he demands ALL 100% of my attention. I don’t know if that’s common with other babies??, When I got married, I really wanted a daughter. I felt that a girl will be closer to me, understand me better as a woman, as a person, and be my companion through my life. I wanted to live out certain fantasies through a daughter, do all that my mother and I could not do because of her busy schedule. Subconsciously I also felt guilty of not really giving my mother her due. And perhaps I wanted to complete that circle by always being there for my daughter., After the flowers roused me, I sat at my scrappin' table and forced myself to clean it up. The Hubs and kids interrupted that with dinner for me, then cake (from Cold Stone Creamery) and presents. Two of my gifts were DVDs of Avatar (yay!) and August Rush. We watched August Rush after those festivities ended and then to beddie bye., 1 dismissed, I looked like this:, 2-8 The Idea Of Decline 4:24, The 3 hour shoot flew by, and after a little tweaking the images were ready to download that evening., so here's a little rambling for you -, Yes, I, Alliston will refrain from purchasing fleece, roving, add-ins, and yarn from March 1 – 31, 2012, except in the event that the items are needed for a custom order. (Yeah! Loophole!), It was hard not to sit and absorb the memories, but the, "There's a lot that's happened. We've seen this worm, this virus that's attacked the computers that run the Iranian uranium enrichment process,” Steinberg said. “We've seen some scientists who have been killed and injured, people who are working on the nuclear enrichment program in Iran, and we've seen sanctions. When you put those pieces together, it makes sense to see a slowdown in the process.", the recipe for shrimp & saffron risotto, courtesy of emeril lagasse and the MITM! (by the way, there's a typo in the recipe. it's 30 minutes, not 3 minutes for the actual cooking of the risotto.), off to the side, looking serious, dark sunglasses on. I have no doubt that if anyone tried anything with me, he’d do a Vulcan lock on them and the assaulter would go down to the ground quietly, with nary a murmur. Handsome is a very handy husband to have around. So, be warned and all that…, I hope you had a great Tuesday. Did you know that Tuesdays are the most productive day of the week? What did you do today? Any advice on how to keep on track with your schedules?, I go through phases with desserts and lately I've been all about caramel. Not too long ago that's something you probably wouldn't have heard me say; I feared making caramel and rarely had good results. It still doesn't always turn out on the first try for me, but I'm more confident in the process and actually think it's pretty fun. After I made these salted caramel cheesecake bars recently, I had a ton of leftover caramel in my fridge and started digging through my bookmarked recipes for ways to use it up. Without realizing it, I'd saved these brownies from 3 different blogs so it only made sense to give them a try., December 7 - Harry Morgan, actor (Officer Bill Gannon on "Dragnet"), 96, "Yeah, what's your favourite?" asks Britney as their voices go out of earshot. Bev nudges me in the ribs as a way of telling me not to eaversdrop., But, you know what? They really aren't. The world is in constant motion. And time does change our perceptions of players. We should embrace that -- time is often our best friend. It took the voters 11 years to put away whatever emotional or immediate feelings they had about Duke Snider and vote him into the Hall of Fame. It took them 13 to determine Bruce Sutter's role in baseball history. Lou Boudreau made it on his 10th ballot, Bob Lemon his 12th, Jim Rice his 14th, and while all that seems ridiculous -- while it might even BE ridiculous -- I think it's part of the way our mind works. Over time, small slights are forgotten, new viewpoints emerge, new discussions shed light., The project, which seems to have begun as a kind of surcease from his commercial work—a way of recapturing some of the concerns and obsessions that had led him to New York and to art in the first place—soon became a substitute. It was all he did; given the number of images he left behind, he must have been out with his camera, hunting scenes and taking pictures, nearly every day until he died.Jerry Shore died at fifty-nine, in a 'well of alcohol and isolation.' He only sold one photo during his lifetime. Yet in those photos, and in their preservation by a collector, in their tender observation by a sensitive writer, his life is shown to be a complete success; an articulated, honest, loving vision., Private Eye magazine - a fortnightly publication that helps me maintain some form of sanity during these difficult times - has a story in its latest edition about two senior Sun reporters attempting to commit suicide in recent weeks - both had been arrested by police investigating illegal payments made by newspapers for stories. The Sun and its ilk have claimed it would be insensitive to publish details of the hacks involved (although Private Eye has named the pair) Insensitive is not normally a word one would associate with The Sun or the NoTW - one of the journalists who attempted to take his own life has written dozens of stories over the years about people who have attempted suicide with thoughtful headlines such as 'Canoe Cheat's Suicide Watch'; 'Jo Suspect on Suicide Watch in Tough Jail'; and 'Crossbow Killer Slashes His Neck'. Clearly, a sensitive approach towards the families and loved ones of those involved..., I thought the bank closed at 6. Turns out it closes at 5. The drive through window, however, stays open till 6. I havn't deposited my server money in a while, and didn't want to have to carry around all that money with me as i wandered around town. So I walked through the drive through and pressed the button. Someone answered asking if I needed help. I asked if I was allowed to stand there or not. He said it was no problem., He left it dead, and with its head, 3 reflects, After my last long-run two weeks ago, I decided to take it easy. I walk nightly and I foam roll. I stretch lightly after my walks. I’ve been doing this for nearly two weeks and it drives me crazy. The lack of exercise has really affected my moods and my will to live (OK, maybe that was a bit mellow-dramatic). Last night I ran for the first time, just under three miles. At first it felt amazing and I took an easy route as I needed a confidence boost as well as a route that wouldn’t leave me sore the next day. But, one-and-a-half miles in, my right calf and hip flexor flared up. I was bummed, big-time., April 29th: I’m hoping to be able to edit this before this day arrives and say that this has turned into a praise, but would you mind praying for my visa to arrive again today? It’s a big deal. And if I hear something before today, I will update and let everyone know. Thanks. :), Today was such a promising day. It started out beautifully. Not a cloud in the sky. The the clouds rolled in, just a light coating; it wasn’t too tough for the sun to burn through if it had such a mind to. Then it got windy. The clouds turned dark and ominous. It sprinkled. Then the sun broke through. And so it continued both day and night…, 1. It’s yellow., I am a new-comer to using fresh ginger, but I really like the taste and the flavor explosion that it adds to many dishes. When I saw a recipe for apricot ginger sorbet in a cookbook I received for my birthday, I couldn’t wait to try it. The recipe is very easy, and I love the combination of apricots with ginger., Early spring, which is April/May in our climate, Sal, Email:gasbuddytv@gmail.com, The set also felt light for me, which is probably good… I was never bored or scratching my head during a song selection. They played most the hits from all their records and they played my favourite song “Set Fire to the Third Bar” off Eyes Open. I hit record (a little late) for this song., Carotenoids are present in the chloroplasts along with chlorophyll and produce the yellow, orange, brown colors in fruits and flowers like bananas, daffodils, corn, and carrots. These colors can be readily seen in fruits and flowers because they are part of the reproductive system and not the vegetative system, and don't produce chlorophyll in their cells., It looks like my usually reliable source was wrong: the wine kiosks live! I'm so happy; I was really looking forward to seeing these wastes of money in operation. Thank you, PLCB, for restoring my faith in your bad decision-making capability!, Tuesday? Tuesday Edward and Vincent drove to Legoland to meet some friends down from New York for a day of fun. Not being too interested in lugging a wee baby around a theme park in the heat for a whole day, Eleanor and I elected to stay home. Both men arrived home stinky and tired, Vince went right to bed and there was no poop at all., The second date was a lunch, followed by an afternoon walk. When we got back to my place, he asked to see my apartment and we ended up making out on the couch, which was fine…, 2. It will be announced that the Chinese Communist Party has finished its historical mission as the ruling party. Party membership will need to be re-registered, with the free choice to re-enter the Party or leave it., Tomorrow night, I get to see some movie about sushi and go to the Wo Hing General Store with Tara. That's a hipster Chinese restaurant, by the way. It's on my must-eat list right after State Bird Provisions, but we couldn't get in there. Obviously. It's a new restaurant called State Bird Provisions. It's booked for decades., The cradle of humanity has become a forgotten desert. Yet through the natural course of time, this fate befalls the rest of the world too. As long as there is life there to suck up the nutrients and resources, it will die eventually. All things must pass. But this could be avoided if nature is allowed to take over once more., Ty, intrigued by the beautiful bar owner, becomes a regular. He senses that Jenna wants to do something more with her life. And as he gains her trust, the passion between them grows, as does Ty’s insistence that Jenna should start living for herself. With his encouragement, Jenna starts to believe it, too…, Jenny asked me yesterday, "How's Sammy doing?" and I said "BAD!" The boy has really been pushing boundaries lately. Don't get me wrong, he's still the sweetest thing in the world, but he does not like to listen to Mommy and Daddy. He's super independent. I asked Ms. Dee Dee how he does in timeout at daycare, and she said "Sam? He's never in time out, here!" I guess he just decides to act out at home. Yesterday was picture day at daycare and Ms. Dee Dee said Sammy did GREAT! She said the photographer kept saying how cute he was and he was smiling so nice. I can't wait to see them! She said he was the only kid that would sit on the fake log next to the fake frog. She said he loved the frog, and all the other kids were scared of it. I love when I hear stuff like that. Onto the cute pictures..., March 30, 1955; March 21, 1956, -We had 7 diapers. Cotton Babies and Kelly's Closet are my favorite cloth diaper websites so far. We purchased our diapers from there and a few came from a local "green" store that carries cloth diapers. Some diapers were purchased with our own money, some with gift cards, and some were given to us as gifts., This will be March/April next year (date to be finalised) on a Tuesday in Exeter (sorry, Tuesday is the only day the venue is bookable for most of the day)., CILIP Kate Greenaway Medal Winner 2009, Wounds., (Try to sing along to the same tune, here goes):, “That’s interesting Don; I mean that you should bring up a vanishing, It’s been weeks since I have been here, to this screen, to write. Weeks since I have put any thought into any words beyond those which I have needed to connect me from one moment, to the next moment, and to the next…words like tendons, holding this life together. The bare minimum, messy, sproingy, elastic, strong, keeping the skeleton underneath upright., Jackie: The new album is definitely more cohesive than the debut. Not that debut is all over the place, but it definitely exhibits our earliest ideas as a newly formed band. Now that we have been playing and writing with each other for a couple of years, we are starting to find our sweet spots. I also feel that “This Grand Show” is a bit darker and a bit doom-ier than the debut., I am not writing this post just as a praise for her but also as a testimonial of a patient who got completely cured. I want that all those looking out for health solutions of any kind should contact her and experience what I did., I took the kids to see Santa a few weeks ago. The boys loved it and Caitlyn did not (as you can see in the pic). The Santa we went to was at Lincoln square and he was very good. He talked to the boys for about 5 minutes and answered all their questions. When he asked what they wanted Connor was very specific in saying a Nerf Stampede and a Paper Jamz guitar and even told him what Paper Jamz are, while Mac said "Surprise me!" (I was shocked since he has been working on a list since October). Santa replied, "Okay, I'll put some veggies in your stocking." Mac didn't hesitate at all to say, "Not that kind of surprise!!", -Almond Streusel Cheesecake Bars, When the police finally left we learned that a couple in the apartment across the street were having an argument and the guy pulled out a gun. Nice, huh? Nice to know our neighbors are packing heat. Ugh. I hate to even think about it, really. Still, no shots were fired and we did really enjoy our time together. We kept the family vibe going that night. Jerry and I did our sidewalk art (partially inspired by the police encounter, as you might guess.)., On the campsite trail. I come upon my first naturist camp. 3km from Poreè., KEVIN VAN HENTENRYCK: It wasn't so much that film, but during the course of that film they had that actor who played Henri Gaudier and in one scene he has to produce this piece of sculpture to show someone in the morning. So they steal a gravestone, and they work all night. In the scene they show a close up of actual carvers hands working a block of stone. I was so turned on to and by the idea of a rock as a plastic medium that for the next several weeks...I...the school I went to was right around the corner from Sculpture House, a sculpture supply place. So I spent a couple weeks, just walking by and looking in the window. Then I worked up my nerve to walk in. I looked around, and walked out., Although this post is not about a homeschooling family, I could not resist sharing this video with everyone who reads this blog. This seemed to be a good time since it can serve as kind of a break before we move into the next 100 homeschooling family interviews., 33. Worker Co-operatives and Pensions, explores why it is that the Mondragon Co-op can provide average pensions many times higher than those enjoyed by workers in Britain., While she’s getting her hair done, we see Ki Joon on a marriage date and he’s clearly taking it seriously. It looks like he does want to get married and even if he might not be looking for romance, he wants a partner. Speaking of marriage, it’s time for the famed lie to begin. As Ah Jung reads the article, in walks her dearest (or worst) friend who’s so happy to see her. Not because she wants to catch up but because it gives her a precious chance to brag about her life and look down on our heroine. So Ah Jung is looking like crap while her frenemy, Yoo So Ran, is dressed to the hilt so she shows off her husband who clearly has a history with Ah Jung and they do that irritating thing where married couples ask about your love life., The bicep lies in front of the upper arm. You know when men pose with their arm up at 90 degrees, they are (trying) to show off their biceps., investigation, I had just moved to Texas the previous year. I was embarrassed to be a Sooner grad. I had busted my butt at college to get a diploma and then some student-athletes, who lacked proper moral leadership from their coach, made some pretty idiotic decisions. As a Sooner expatriate in Texas, it was frustrating. Penn State fans, I can assure you, the “us against the world/media/board of trustees” mindset is just silly. You’ve lost perspective at that point. Kids were sexually assaulted. This was identified several times. You should be, Valentina Cirasola is an Italian interior designer in business since 1990. She is passionate about colors and all expressive art. She is a “colorist”. To her, selecting art means to bring out the best energy of her clients and nourish their soul. She is the forthcoming author of her book on Colors: Red-A Voyage Into Colors, which will be released very soon. Check out her books’ site: http://valentinaexpressions.com/, Why would a case that could not settle be a zombie? I might have thought that kind of case to be the livest case of all. Except perhaps if we consider the law itself dead (?). Note also that, for Chesler, a Court disposition is a “lethal force”. Still I’m not sure I understand this metaphor. A legal challenge that can’t settle is a zombie-monster that the Court must slay? That seems a good explanation of a problem-solving perspective of jurisprudence – applying law to resolve disputes., What I talked about is building strong economic relationships, strong national security relationships. No one’s talking about force. Nobody’s talking about going into Cuba or going into Venezuela. It’s talking about the other countries in the region, which are being influenced greatly by those countries, that are tending and moving toward those militant socialists, instead of the United States., It’s cod roe season!!!, Speciality beers possibly more, Probably Good Ones I Missed And/Or Will Be Seeing Soon: Precious, Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans, Drag Me to Hell, Moon, World’s Greatest Dad, Ponyo, Gentlemen Broncos, The Princess and the Frog, Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs, Big Fan, An Education, Religulous, ‘She’s talking like Dora the Explorer’., Payment options: Do you only accept Paypal, or do you also accept EFT and Credit Cards? People need to know when planning to make a purchase from you., At that point a car came along. The driver saw them and realised that these two children shouldn’t be out alone so stopped, got out of his car, and stopped them. I called out to him that I was their mother and run up to them., (from Kayla's letter), GEORGIA PIONEERS: Morven Has a Number of Them in Her Borders, Dr. Robinson was uncertain of what to say. There was a pause, and I continued. “I’m sure that few parents have met with you who didn’t try to influence the school’s decision. But we want to do what is right for Christopher.” I took a deep breath. “Actually, it’s not important that Christopher becomes a dentist. What’s important is that Christopher becomes a Christ follower. Leon and I have flown down to Louisville to tell you”–I looked over at Leon– “that we will support whatever decision you make. I only pray that my son will turn to God.” – Pg. 75, Angela “Let Go, Let God.”, NOW GO BUY THAT CRAP AND COME BACK NEXT WEEK for LESSON 2., carving out chunks of me,, It works. It so does., Just a few years later..., That said, I’m still not sure where I ultimately want to go. I’m still thinking writer, or maybe professor — or, since it’s a “publish or perish” world for academics, maybe both. But it does feel good to commit to where I am for the next few years. Now that I see my job as an on-the-job PhD. program (I credit Judith with that analogy), working late or on weekends isn’t so bad. The commercial issues behind the contract provisions really are interesting (even if the contract provisions still make me want to shove a sharp object in my eye), and the faster and the more thoroughly I learn the stuff, the more opportunities I’ll have later on., From my observations over the last couple of months...there are three categories of people involved., Narrow Gauge has many satisfied clients, but don’t take our word for it. Check out our references . We also have a lot of useful information and links to help you plan your event. So spend a few minutes on our site and check it all out., Onward and downward. A good diet, good exercise and a healthy life style. Working on it. Not easy but well worth it., I pick my toast up. I love toast. Mom. I love my toast. Mom. I love you toast. Mom. I eat my toast, ham and potatoes and then I get applesauce? I eat applesauce, swig milk and find piece for Al's bike in no time? Where my...my...my...my...my flashlight? It's a kid's flashlight. It's a toy flashlight. You find it for me? You find it for me? Mom. I go in ga'age and find piece for Al's bike in no time, right?! I love you toast, Mom., Chicken pie makes me think of American gradeschool hot lunch meals, comfort food, winter time, boiling hot filling that burns your tongue, and peas and carrots (every kids’ arch nemeses). However, when Beth, Ty’s mom, told me that she had made homemade chicken pie for her book club ladies and it was a huge success, I was immediately sold! Sold on the fact that Beth’s cooking is delicious, I had not contemplated chicken pie since being a child, the weather was perfectly chilly, and I love trying new recipes., I've often said that lolita fashion should be for everyone. I feel that all girls have a princess inside of them waiting to be released, just as we all have Joan of Arcs waiting for something to fight for and Juliets confronted with something worth dying for. Like many lolitas, sometimes when I'm bored in class I sit and imagine dressing up my classmates in frills and petticoats and tiaras, just so they can feel it for themselves once. I'm one of those girls who was elated when brands started making larger sizes, not just for my own purposes, but because it makes this amazing aesthetic so much more accessible to the people who, arguably, may need it most. After graduating high school, I discovered that some of my friends in the class under me were buying their first frills, and instead of feeling replaced or getting hot-headed about having done it first, all I could be was happy to have played any part in introducing lolita to these girls' lives, no matter how small. In conclusion, I'm not one to get territorial over lolita. It's not mine, I don't own it, and therefore I feel no need to keep it all to myself. And anyway, it's kind of silly to try and keep your clothing style to yourself- everyone within a quarter-mile is going to notice a huge, walking cupcake!, Light-meters, lenses, flashes with heavy flash-packs..., Michelle Berg, and butchered eyes catch up with someone., The first time was early in our marriage. We were living in St. Louis at the time, and LBeau was on his way home from work at Missouri-Pacific Railroad. A street vendor was selling roses for 50 cents a dozen. On an impulse, he bought some., “And that tenant implies so much more, does it not?” Lakosha asked. “It asks us to protect the weak. It asks us to look after children who are left without parents, to protect them from the harshness of the world. To go out and find trouble, and then right those wrongs, to protect the innocent in the world from getting into more harm.”, I’ve read Twilight. And I enjoyed it., He added that numerous journalists have been detained while others have left the country after receiving death threats., Even if its economic in terms of costs and track time, the simulator must also deliver the technical experience the students need to learn about driving and race engineering. The software the Simulator links are well known in motorsport, it’s the simulator itself that brings the rewards., *You picked up nursing so well and are very efficient like your big sister was. A feeding usually only takes you about 15-20 minutes., Try to avoid excessive amounts of sodium (rampant in processed food & sodas) because it can cause you to retain water & raise your blood pressure (really bad). Water Bloat=Weight gain. Although table salt and naturally occuring salt in food is okay in moderation and table salt is NOT the enemy like some have made it out to be., The suffering of animals, and sometimes humans, was always a part of ritual slaughter in ancient kingdoms throughout the word. The suffering of the animal is also vital for Muslims even if that suffering is indeed short. That’s what makes it the ritual that it is. If it were only the case of killing the animal, then stun-gun death would be acceptable to Muslims. But in that case there would be no suffering and the event would quite simply be too short. It is the timing of the neck-cutting which is important., Solemnly, I dipped into my treasure. The prunes were so tender that the pits slid silkily from the flesh, and the flesh itself was almost cucumber green against the purple-turned-to-carbon- skins. They were tense and then yielding to the teeth, and they tasted of seasons turned, of nightfall. The flavour was as broad as a thumb, but bright too. Each small parcel had enfolded its sugars and its sunlight, and compressed them like coal. I brought the prunes back to the hotel and fed some to my new friends, and then watched as their faces registered the marvel: this is a prune?!, Did you use Google Analytics?, But before he could do that, Anwar proudly showed off Xenophone to the media at Parliament: it was obvious that the Australian was going to be a weapon in Anwar’s battle to beat the sodomy charges., 9.AUTOCLAVE "I'll Take You Down", To get mysewlf back in the swing of things, I thought it’d be a good idea to look at what I’ve ‘missed’, give a quick comment on it and start afresh. Ready? Click on for more., 1400ml of Oil, Do you have preparations for an extended electrical outage?, Exactly 4 months later (Happy Anniversary sweetheart!), I can say that SL has changed my life (first AND second) for the better. I met Ayden on a whim and it has become more than I could ever have imagined. He has brightened my day more than anyone has ever done, he has shown me that there are truly wonderful men out there, and more importantly, he has not only broken down the wall I once had up, but he has conquered it and loved me more than I could have ever asked for. Now, everyday that passes, I constantly ask myself how the hell I got so lucky., As I mentioned before, this is definitely Jena’s story. It’s about her growing up, and learning the limits of what she can control. And more than that – that it is OK that she can’t control everything, because everyone has their own set of choices to make., Seeing as it is Friday and you know how I like to treat you all to a little sumting sumting for being good to me all week and commenting on my posts, this week I thought I should bring you some home grown talent direct from the streets of Peckham,, Within two hours, the post was taken down, and my source tells me that both were threatened with heavy lawsuits., What elements of design helped you pull together a space?, The real world has rules that people need to follow. If you break the rules, there are consequences. If you speed when you drive, the consequence may be that a police officer writes you a ticket. That’s just the way life is., 3. If you could change one thing about your physical appearance, what would it be?, Which allowed me to use that money toward more *FUN* things! Yippieee!, This cut is all about Charles. But Charles is Charles because Jones is Jones., I can tell you all these things and then I can also tell you that the minute the "right" project lands in that same inbox--even if it contains any of the above--but it blows them away, they'll offer for it., Other: Autumn Rose satin ribbon, Lavendar buttons, MS butterfly punch, pearls, PTI linen impression plate, * Even as an adult reader, I empathised completely with how the separation of her parents affected Phoebe and how it culminated in an almost crippling shyness – something I experienced myself at that age. Do you hope that both parents and children could gain something from reading about this kind of situation? Did a real-life experience of this situation help inspire the book?, Filmigirl and Veraciously did great writeups on the movie, and I'll try not to repeat what they've said. But I do recognize that The Dirty Picture is a timepass film with some great performances. A timepass film can rise to the level of greatness with one propelling performance, and that is Vidya Balan's. I fell in love with this film because it had a lack of overt judgement for Silk's choices. Even though she may go for the casting couch, Silk has agency that is purely sexual. That is an agency in its own way, that a woman can conquer an industry based on which hero she sleeps with to get her an item song or even some dialogue. Even though Abraham (Emraan Hashmi) detests everything Silk stands for and her brazen attitude. It was just so refreshing to see a sexual heroine who was not supremely demonized for her sexual choices. I felt like here suicide was not the usual trope where the bad vamp had to be killed off. We could see that Silk was going on the usual artist downfall where the offers had dried up, she'd gotten a bit moti, and her ego had grown., Where to start? I think I'll start with the newest goodies., The Florida Republican's plunge into the explosive politics of immigration has sparked admiration from some undocumented young people, who welcome his promised attempt to help them live and work here legally without encouraging more illegal migrations., -- William Shakespeare, King John, Are you trying any new varieties this year?, What a day! Did you figure it out yet? LOL! Well~ what those things have in common is just me! LOL!, We all try to live on our own,, On Eminem's "Recovery", Jon Caramanica offers another quality submission for his budding cachet as hip hop's GOAT journalist of the moment. (i extend the props to, one, note that GOAT debates in hip hop are somewhat silly, always of the moment, and, two, to point out that JC Manic's GOAT skills fall under an Obama-esque "The Bridge" rubric, which underscores that while others might be more pointedly pushing hip hop thought forward, the bridge is what allows everyone to get on the same island and build together. Hopefully with a more solid expansive foundation. It's why guys like Gladwell and Klosterman are celebrated as geniuses and then get backlash when everyone is on the island looking for somewhere new to go. There's two different types of pioneers at work here, both doing necessary-but-different work, but i digress...), Bits of her held in bubbles,, Prediction Seven: Edinburgh Council will have 5 – 7 women as councillors, I hire other people to do the work for me and make the deferential., In the first talk, Leslie John of Harvard University bravely discussed the prevalence of questionable data analysis practices in our field. The short answer: People engage in many data collection and analysis strategies that bias hypothesis testing and contribute to the publishing of null findings., Ps: btw, speaking of numbers? The lab assigned the case # of 23-08 to my case. The 23rd of Jan is my birthday and of course the 8th is yours and Jessie’s. Strange, huh?, WALLACE STROBY: Oddly, once I started writing about her – I say oddly, as she’s a professional criminal and a woman, and I’m neither – I had her voice pretty clear in my head almost immediately, and that almost never happens. By the time I got to the end of COLD SHOT, I had all kinds of ideas about things she could do going forward, and that was exciting., SNOBSWAP is a site that works a little like Ebay. Members can put designer clothes, shoes, purses and other accessories up for sale on the site. What's cool about SNOBSWAP is that you're allowed to trade or "swap" items between members! You can also switch up the method by which you pay for an item - for example, if I like your Chanel 2.55 and you like my Chanel 2.55 (but yours is in a little better condition than mine) we can swap Chanel's and you can also charge me an extra, say, $250. :) In addition to swapping, you can also list items and accept regular cash for them., There is more detailed information on abortion and vaccines on her site, with GRAPHIC pictures (so don’t look at the picture if you get upset. I didn’t)., Colored pencils, 1/2 lime, squeeze over salad, Yep, it's been a freaking long time since I have done a Face-down Tuesday photo! I attended Bead Fest in Philadelphia this past weekend (hope to blog about that soon) and one of the things I was asked over and over was, "When are you going to do another Face-down Tuesday shot?" That and, "Why don't you post more photos of your bunnies?", The entries that are going to come in from now, i will not see on this blog., I noticed the same thing happening with films the first and only time I saw The Matrix. I didn't understand it. This in itself is nothing new. What was new was my complete disinterest in gaining any understanding. I realised that the plot had probably been worked out in scrupulous detail so that it made sense in some way but I frankly couldn't be bothered to find out because I suspect I would have been underwhelmed by the conclusion. I decided to watch it scene by scene as if it was a collection of pop videos,, Wow! Excited! Yes, I am. Remember my post on the 1st about the new shop, Gabriella Daisy? I mentioned that it was my challenge for the year. Well guess what...things are going well. I got 3 orders...TODAY! Yaaaaaay! My 1st 3 orders in one day, on today. I know, I know, I know I'm so excited. My Etsy shop was a part of a "sneak attack" and everyone came by, "liked", commented, loved and ordered. Thank you everyone! So, to return the love I'm also going to giveaway 1 of the notepads., Blog has been very slow for the past while. That’s because Richie and I were in New York for the past 10 days. We went over for Richie’s nephew’s communion., Most Minnesota owls rely on trees, excepting perhaps the Burrowing Owl and the Short-eared Owl, and winter is a great time to get to know trees. "The Meaning of Trees," was another gift, from my sister-in-law, and this one covers most of the major species (or families?) of trees on Earth. Tree, by tree, botany, history, lore and mythology are presented to the reader. The history of trees, and their "migrations" to different spots on earth is particularly fascinating. The Horse Chestnut did not reach Europe until the 16th century, when a Flemish Ambassador saw the Turks feeding the nuts to their horses. Because some trees, like chestnuts, have heavier fruit, the wind cannot blow the species farther afield, and animals don't carry them too far, so they take longer to spread. Some tree species never leave deep ravines-- never, that is, until humans get involved., He actually asked for a zucchini bread birthday cake. So there was something healthy in it, right? We make zucchini bread with regularity in the summer and instead of bread we make cupcakes. The kids love them. The recipe for that, if you're interested, is here in a post from last year., 2. Graphics – They’re adequate. I do not have much of an issue with the graphical presentation here, but many players are unhappy with the style. That’s fine. This certainly isn’t Skyrim — nor could it be, really, while still maintaining the MMO aspect. There are, however, more polygons present in the landscape and characters/gear than what you’ll find in, say, World of Warcraft., I'm sure that there still might be a way to pull it all together. Maybe I ought to try mixing B&W photos with color ones, or perhaps not having matching frames. I definitely think the floating shelves are not working. All this indecision has left many bullet holes on that poor, paneled wall. It's time to take a break from that. Until I figure it out, I decided to just keep it simple rather than awkwardly in transition., Also, congratulations have to go to Shepherd Neame for which took a bronze in the best bitter category, it's not one that I personally drink much of but for the people of Kent it's a positive institution and we should be owning that category anyway dammit! Bitter's ours!!!!, cooking (even less), I was a bus girl at Roosters and worked under four different waitresses that were all thin bottle blondes with skin like stale vinyl. They cursed and smoked in the hall between the restrooms and the cigarette vending machine. Roosters had a gravel parking lot and a corrugated metal roof, but was one of the nicest restaurants in the county. It had two rooms for customers: the main dining room with a grand piano on a stage in the middle and linens and candles on the tables, and the bar area, which had a black lounge singer named Georgette who a voice like velvet in surround sound. I like working the bar because Southerns like to get soused and when they get soused they have a hard time counting out an appropriate tip. Course I only got 10% of whatever the waitresses got, but I'd make out with a good hundred bucks on a Friday or Saturday night., It is a Ánything Goes'challenge and you have to use one re-cycled item on your project., With the warm temperatures I've been very patient..., Now to tie it into art. Somehow. Is it art? Is this new way of communication art? How the faces are created? In a way, I think it might not necessarily be an art, but a new way of appreciating arts. There are plenty of these that have been taken from photos, paintings, films, and animation- and recreated to mean something else. So while this isn’t a new form of art itself, it can be argued to be a new form of art appreciation., And not like onscreen lovers. Then it would matter;, The first key is to have an established and proper trading plan. This plan will have measures in it that will help the trader to re-focus on his/her rules to stop from snowballing out of control. Specifically you should have ‘circuit breakers’ in your plan that force you to stop trading when you hit a dollar amount loss threshold on any given day. Also, it has a specific plan for what you do for the next trading session. There’s a lot that goes into this and we cover it extensively in our coursework., Third item is from Photo Prop Floors & Backdrops, a beautiful Tin Tile backdrop, size: 52" x 7 Foot. Tired of white or black backgrounds? Then their fabulous collection is exactly what you need!!, In the modern PC world, a determined person with a grievance always holds the trump card., Now that school is back in session, niece Emma is spending her days with us again. She arrives about 7:30, well before Frank and Chloe wake up, so she and I spend the mornings chatting, just we two. These conversations are sometimes, oh, mundane I suppose: what we did last night, what we're thinking about doing today., The place where interior worlds go to die. And people,, Now I just need a name for the church. I'm thinking about "Sundance Temple of Free Unschoolers." You supply the acronym. ;-), In the book Texas Tough (pp. 205-206), historian Robert Perkinson said the Imperial unit's expansion and renaming as the Central Unit came in the face of calls for reform out of New York and "signaled that Texas's penal system would develop on its own terms, rooted in the Texas slavery belt and devoted, above all, to plantation production.", I'm participating in the Name Game Swap hosted by the lovely Anorina over at Samelia's Mum (there is word there'll be another round after this one, so keep your eyes peeled - its a great little swap!) The deal is you need to make a small quilt (around 10" x 12" minimum) with the name of your swap partner or their blog on the quilt. I've been stressing trying to work out how to do it for the last month or so, and then inspiration struck (helped along by this quilt) and I decided to try writing the name on my quilt using free motion quilting. It's worked pretty well (well, second attempt has!) so I thought I'd share with you how I did it., Security Summit in Seoul., The actor/actress performs some sort of minor heroic act, witnessed by the villain. Cue the sarcastic hand-clap. Makes the hero, and the audience, want to slap the smug bastard silly. Clichéd but it works. See: The Dark Knight, The Breakfast Club, Primal Fear, Talking Over: The speaker will breathlessly ramble on and on, oblivious to efforts by the host to moderate the discussion. This relates to time dominating., Almond Aguila, University of Alberta. Skype and the Global Filipino Family, from my worked land, Thanks for the great information, Dan! I’ve started working on a landing page for my website and will post it for everyone to see when I’m finished. I’ve already created an article titled, “Top 10 Questions to Ask When Purchasing Business Insurance” and will be using that to generate leads through my page., In order to reduce the contestants down the final 20, each judge had to select two contestants to go up against each in other in a battle. After each battle it would be up to the judges to select the person they wanted to take through. This was the point where the show fell down. It was no longer about the voice but clearly about the age and look of the contestants. If you look at the majority of battles, nearly every time the younger contestant went through. Will.I.am make the choice of a contestant based on age due to who he was as a 17 year old. Foolishness., You can have up to 6 entries., As finishing touches, I got rid of the old shower curtain, bought a cute one at Home Goods, got some towels and new bathroom rugs., What do you do if you have built a successful business and want to sell it? The first thing is to purchase Built to Sell by John Warrillow ($24.95, Flip Jet Media, Toronto). The author started and sold four companies, becoming in the process an expert on how to get the most value out of a business when selling it. He is a small business expert who is widely quoted in publicans from Business Week and Inc Magazine to USA Today and the Wall Street Journal. In this book he reveals the secret of building a business to sell, offering eight steps to making a business sellable. “You can always run a company as if it will last forever, and yet you should also strive constantly to maximize its value, building in the qualities that allow it to be sold at any moment.” Good advice., This card uses an emboss resist technique. It didn't come out very good as the stamp I used (I think) was too small to get a good background definition. The image on the label is the image I used in the background. The strip at the side was punched using a Fiskers border punch. I added gems for the flowers. I'm not really happy with the card. I'm going to have to work on my emboss resist technique and really work on my sponging., Some writers call this writer’s block. But I call it the “Writing-Muse-Needs-A-Kick” syndrome., Readers, I hope you’ll allow me a weepy moment. New York City schools get out late. For us, graduation was Wednesday. That’s when I wrote this, which I also posted on the Huffington Post New York page :, Lemon Curd Filling:, Hi everyone. Just a quick note to say that my blog is going to be a little bit quiet for a couple of weeks because I’m getting married, so am taking a bit of time off but I will be back raring to go very soon but before I go a few of the Make The Day Special girls have planned a mini blog hop for you. We all thought it would be fun to showcase a particular set of stamps and see all of the different ideas we would come up with using the same stamps., The rise, fame and fall of George Best. BEST is a wicked animated re-telling of the troubled life of footballs first superstar George Best (who we all know is Manchester United’s former superstar). George Best. Journeying through his childhood in Belfast before swinging into the glorious sixties; his silky skills on the Manchester United pitch soon catch the ever growing gaze of the British press. George, quite literally has the world at his feet, but with the paparazzi’s glaring lense firmly focused on his every move, things soon begin to spiral out of control…, I was just joking on Twitter, saying "it would be fun to see a tribute album to BoA." People told me it really would be fun and that they're willing to do that together. This was how we got together in the first place., I've been following this discussion on the internet with great interest, since YA author Hannah Moskowitz posted about it. I think she made some great points -- YA does provide a lot more content for girls than boys. Really, she's not lying about that., Smashwords made the process, in spite of their name, almost painless. Caveat: get a good cover. One of my reviewers called mine “bizarrely hideous.” Oh, the shame., The pain never really goes away,, Editors approach their copy with a long list of things to check for, ranging from spelling and grammar to fact errors and potentially libelous content. And while bias is on the list of things to be edited out, it can often slip in unnoticed, thanks to the subtle opinions present in phrases and metaphors that are commonly used in our communication today. It is all too easy for mainstream media outlets to take sides on issues or become advocates simply by using phrases and metaphors that the general population is accustomed to and takes for granted as an accurate description of the way that things are., That impressed me. That's leadership. I wonder if any of that had any effect on what happened today. What I do know is that the difference between "us" and "them" has never been clearer, and that conservatives are going to try to make this the deal breaker in the election. Maybe they'll be successful. But whatever happens, So how can I focus now on the realms that touch our core business – Sports & Tourism?, “Where?” Paty asked., My lips curve in my most seductive smile, This composite image shows the distribution of dark matter, galaxies, and hot gas in the core of the merging galaxy cluster Abell 520, formed from a violent collision of massive galaxy clusters., I was reading a post by another blogger several weeks ago, and they mentioned that they had a schedule for their blog - certain topics for certain days., "You look after yourself and little Moon OK?", And the kings sleep in the ground., Another reason you have unreasonable gasoline and utility prices. Baby, you ain’t seen nothing yet. They are just getting warmed up. They will slow down to get Obama re-elected then the mass crucifixion will begin. CB, One of their stand out beers for me last year was S.C.A.NS IPA. It was a juicy cornucopia of hoppy loveliness in aroma and taste that got it's name from the Simcoe, Citra, Apollo and Nelson Sauvin hops used in creating the beer. So, when I heard that they had just produced a beer called S.C.C.A.NS IPA, I knew immediately that I just had to get my hands on a bottle or two and give it a try., Matthew 24:5-7 Many shall come in My name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many. And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places., The practice was a small core of peeps. We knew that we would have to take on leadership roles and be on task to guide the crowd that showed up on Monday. I was put in charge of starting The Soul Train Line after the MJ Dance was complete. We also knew that when The Po Po showed up the boom box would be cut off and you had better haul ass or act like you were a tourist just caught up in the moment. What officer? I heard music and got boogie fever, I’m just out here enjoying my day off., You say Mumbai, I say Bombay, 09. T'Mershi Duween, Like the folk on the planes down in Entebbe / I’m a hostage to love with a girl called Debbie / ba ba ba ba, ba ba., Texas will finally get a nonstop flight to Australia this May when Qantas starts flying between Dallas/Fort Worth and Sydney four times weekly. Qantas is OneWorld partners with American, so the latter airline’s fortress hub at DFW should provide plenty of connecting traffic. This is a big shot in the arm to DFW’s relatively new International Terminal, which continues to lag behind Houston in terms of drawing new international flights., Artfully displayed atop a recycled denim and bamboo serving table, everything appears as decadent as a sugar junkie could hope for. There, behind the luscious mixed berry scones and squat blueberry corn muffins, stacked between the oatmeal raisin and reverse chocolate chip cookies, is the quintessential afternoon snack: the chocolate chip cookie ($2)., HALFTIME, from band camp and took her first really hot shower, The sun is about to fade out, the vesper about to reveal her senses, Until The Day I Die (Written when I was 23), The move effectively doubles the number of prosecutors in the office handling terrorism cases as it prepares for the trial of the self-described mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, and four other former Guantánamo Bay detainees. It is a major undertaking that will unquestionably prove to be a significant draw on the unit’s resources…, Examples of Cake Books:, Dayna Martin, hooray weekend, here we come., What is most frustrating, however, is that if I could have told the person I was four years ago, who I would become four years from then, I would have laughed in my future face. It really takes a self realization (lightbulb) that you are in control of your own life and can make your own decisions. It also takes a development of courage to see that you can take the wrong fork in the road at certain points in your life, and can still make it to your final destination, even if its in a round-about way. Who knows, you may just stumble upon something better along the way., Yet another group that has survived replacing two of its members, and are dare I say stronger as a result? I had never really been a U-KISS fan, but Soohyun’s voice in their Japanese single Tick Tack got my attention. Add Neverland to that and I’m really becoming much more of a fan of theirs. I will continue to youtube stalk them…, I've also used the rest of a 75p piece of fabric, an old linen napkin and some crocheted doilies to make some more cushions for the bedroom chairs- the other part of the 75p fabric was used to make the piping for my embroidered bed cushion months ago., Welcome to the Reception! I loved working with my sister Dora Manuel of Viva Bella Events and Kim Kinney of Timeless Elegance Weddings, to design the look of the reception. We didn't want everything to be to matchy, so we incorporated 4 different styles and colors of linens with different centerpieces to keep things interesting. Some tables had large flower arrangements, some with crystal trees, and others with a really cool candle display. I loved that everything blended, but still stayed interesting., invest in key infrastructure to, If I told you that there was a literary agent who promoted his services via a series of videos featuring a sex doll, would you believe me?, “I know how to do anything - I'm a Mom.”, I had already read a couple of articles about Hunt's UFO movie in Starlog, and its plot, with warring alien races, extraterrestrial abductions, undersea pyramids (in the Bermuda Triangle, no less!), and flying saucer space battles, pushed all the right buttons in my Star Kid brain., June 28 – Minneapolis, MN – Palmer’s Bar, Enrage inner desires..., Another option would probably be to just secure a small ledge into the wall studs. This option, however, doesn't leave any permanent damage to the walls. And for as much as I change things, that's probably a good thing!, Have a great fucking revolutionary day!, I love these pictures. I got them from an antique store. They aren't needlepoint but some embroidery technique., SeaChange supplying Cablenet Cyprus with back office: Video technology provider SeaChange International is suppl… http://t.co/AZwhzA8T, Love with purpose,, Mix all your ingredients, apart from the flour and butter, together. Add 90% of the flour and start kneading. After a couple of minutes add the butter and remaining flour. Keep kneading for 10 minutes adding small bit of flour if the dough is too sticky, but avoid making it too hard., (2) its structure and processes are production-oriented;, I find visiting my mom emotionally exhausting. I try to do the best I can - but sometimes I feel it isn't enough., Do your kids have a dress-up box? What story does it tell about them? And what do you think are the essentials for a great dress-up box?, sing-song., Let me walk with my brother, I, for one, think this is fair. The issue of gay marriage is a pretty big issue currently, and I think we could easily, as Christians, see it the same way Lewis states above. I also think it would release many for the idea that Christianity is too judgmental., This was the group, Operation Write Home has asked for Mother's Day cards to send to the troops and I've been meaning to get some made for weeks now. This seemed like a perfect time to start. If you enter the challenge, you even have a chance to win a prize. The cards are due to the shipper by march 20th. That's not very far away is it?, Ed Pauls, inventor of the NordicTrack cross-country ski exerciser, died last month at the age of 80. He patented his ski machine in 1977 (US 4,023,795). Pauls was not the first inventor to conceive of an exercise machine that simulated skiing. However, his design was small and portable enough to be used in most homes., I have painted one of them completely and will be adding the pictures for the second army in due course. This text will of course change once the army is complete, but you´ll be updated everytime I add something., If you do go on to apply, it would be great if you could let us know how you get on, or simply leave a comment and let us know if these posts are helpful., We took it out, but knew something needed to go back into that little nook., DANCEKOOL 26 is back in May 13th 2012!!, I was out walking yesterday and noticed that a billboard at a bus stop had been changed over night to advertise McDonald’s $1 any size soft drink promotion. In huge letters it proclaimed “Summer is here!”, I think I was on the "Nice List" this year., Were scenes I came to, face-to-face., But, in this case, as with the proposals for bureaucratic control over “High Pay”, or the Tories mangled proposals over Child Benefit it is not the truly rich who are being targeted, it is not the Capitalists who make millions of pounds from their Capital alone, each year, but the Middle Class, and the purpose of that is to cover the real attack, which is on the workers below them, who will lose out proportionately more, once again. Hutton himself had to admit that the average Public Sector Pension was modest, but that didn't stop him arguing for cutting it! It didn't stop him arguing that the one piece of certainty that Public Sector workers have – that they have some idea what their pension will be when they finish work – should be removed with the scrapping of Final Salary Schemes., That’s when I knew something had gone wrong. I have yet to find any evidence that they starved to death in their basket, or froze to death in the frigid night air, but I don’t need any to suspect the worst. The moment the buwaas began with the fairy-tales, I knew they were only telling the bhidesi what he wanted to hear, like their children talking to me about organization and unity when I really wanted to talk to them about money., 11 For I know the plans I have for you,” says the Lord. “They are plans for good and not for disaster, to give you a future and a hope. 12 In those days when you pray, I will listen. Jeremiah 29:11-12., Come let me love you,, This song bears a beautiful testimony of the real events of the Savior’s resurrection. It tells how the Savior spoke to Mary in the garden and to others. These became witnesses to the reality of his resurrection as they watched him eat and felt the physical wounds in his body. The final phrase testifies that because Jesus lives again, we will also be resurrected., Joe Biden would be very electable if he weren’t so arrogant and played loose with facts. Alas…, i see circles....lots and lots of circles this year...., I haven't been paying as much as attention to the soon-to-be-released Common Core State Standards as I probably ought to be, given my profession. I just took a glimpse at the Web site, which today includes nothing more than the logo and the statement, "The Common Core State Standards will be available at this link Wednesday, June 2 at 10 a.m. Please check back at that time." Taking a closer look at the logo, I saw the motto, "Preparing America's students for college & career." I realize that I occupy a place of great privilege; for me, for example, going to college was a near certainty that I should not take for granted. Nevertheless, though I recognize that for far too many children, going to college or preparing for a challenging career may be extremely ambitious and daunting goals, I cannot believe that preparation for "college & career" is really all that a good K–12 education is for., I picked up some of my long-forgotten clothes from my friend's flat this week - loads of Ted clothing and accessories (think Edwardian style cameo brooches, and western bolo and crossover ribbon ties), some original, some reproduction - I can't wait to wear it all again!, continued, bolstered by her response. “I was given a house. That’s all I knew. I came here, gratefully, and have done nothing to bring dishonor to the memory of Victor and Flora’s life together. What you two have been up to is none of my business.”, And, don't forget Flourishes' New Release Bundle! If you buy all three sets in a bundle, you save 10% off the price. But, this offer only lasts through next Friday, February 17th. So... you have to act fast! Just click HERE to see!, - Bree (Other details left off the blog for privacy reasons.), Mr. President, I’m reminded of all who made the ultimate sacrifice in Afghanistan, including members of your own family. I pay tribute to those Afghans who have lost their lives alongside our men and women, and sacrificed for their country. Of course, our hearts are heavy as we remember so many who have died in this war. I’m grateful that this agreement pays tribute to the sacrifices made by the American people here in Afghanistan., No one factor explains why some people only dream of migrating, while others go. Many factors can influence the situation. Potential migrants’ personal circumstances such as their finances, health, family situation, and their job status can keep them home or push them out the door. Migration policies — or lack thereof — can also create so many roadblocks to leaving or entering a country that potential migrants become discouraged. Yet Gallup’s surveys show millions are actively preparing to leave their homelands for good — and it is often the best and brightest that their homelands would like to see stay., Put the nockerli back in the now-drained pan off the heat, and add the walnut-size lump of butter. Stir while the butter melts, then add a little salt and black pepper to taste., Today, in church, a similar incident: Instead of commenting on my younger boys' constant trips to the bathroom or Boy #4's slight meltdown during the second half of church, the pastor complimented ME. "I think it's so great that you come to church with four boys," she said. She knows it's not easy, but recognized my effort, and that made me feel, well, proud., see him again., Corn ethanol is a multifaceted monstrosity—radiating damage in all directions of the compass. Reducing acreage for edible crops has sparked a surge in the price of bread and other foodstuffs. Congress and Bush continue to mandate larger amounts of subsidized corn ethanol., “Searching what, or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify, when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ, and the glory that should follow.”, On February 7, 2006, she was named a knight of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres of France for outstanding achievement in the field of art and literature., Sundays Here’s where the story ends UK, So wrong, so wrong. This is NOT how our justice system — or any sane justice system — is supposed to work. You don't prove your innocence – the state has to prove your guilt!, "Sorry Bluebelle, I haven't figured out how to make a growth potion yet," Merlin replied., Garden of Gethsemane: The location where Jesus suffered for our sins. However, we don’t wear a garden around our necks to honor the atonement because it would be too heavy., The room smelled like disinfectant it permeated the walls, the floors it clung to the bed linings and saturated the air with its heavy scent. One lone window illuminated the tiny room a metal cage covering it prevented the occupant from dispelling the sharp odor. Soft sobs carried through the wall from the room next door. Down the hall, someone screamed a long tortured cry. A never-ending confusion of noise echoed along the dimly lit corridors of Danvers State Insane Asylum. Established in 1878 the State Lunatic Hospital at Danvers was situated in a rural out of the way location North of Boston. Sitting atop Hawthorn Hill it’s sprawling 500 hundred acres of brick and mortar housed close to two thousand patients., In England, my appreciation for the sun is a world away from my sunny expectations when living in California. Hence, if it’s sunny in England, I go outside and enjoy it. Today was a beautiful day, so I grabbed my camera and went into my back yard/garden to see if I could find anything interesting to take photos of. I believe I did., For those of you that prefer to make our own pie crust …. like me, rather than using a frozen store bought, here is one that’s ideal dough recipe for Quiches, Sweet and Savory Pies! It is a no fail recipe, so if it is your first time making this dough you should have no problem., Fast forward., One place I wanted to go, out of a certain morbid curiosity, was the National Museum. It was right off the Plaza, but I had decided to wait until later in the day to go. The building is pretty nice., in search of the next high, House is taking time off to be there for Wilson in his cancer treatment time of need. Foreman brings in a new doctor, an Elizabeth Lawson, a developmental geneticist. She’s also Emily’s mother. Emily already has a genetic disorder. Chase is not convinced Dr. Lawson will be an asset as she’s too invested in the patient., Embellishments: Rhinestone accents, Resin corner piece and paper doily., Most of all, have FUN! And have an awesome sales season!!, When you do that you then have a reasoned and passionate approach, tempered to a hard core that will convince others that this is a worthwhile way to live and sustain society. Don't just protest: have the portfolio of investments and means to sustain your argument with you and the rationale for doing so. For any argument won purely on emotion can be lost just as easily to more emotion, and that is not the way to build society. The principle is excellent, but the execution has been on the ground of the enemy's choosing and it is time to stop doing that and choose a different set of venues and weapons to go with. Stop fighting defensively and go on the offensive in ways that cannot be countered easily., Practically a restaurant standard, most people don't realize that these lyrics, to the tune of "The William Tell Overture", were written by Bill Hanna and Joe Barbera for the episode titled "The Hot Piano"., It is my sister in law's birthday this week and she loves baking, I decided to give her the card I made a few challenges back with Polly Pickleberry on but I needed an Auntie one so I used one of the precoloured images from the CD and matched with red embossed backing card, punched some flowers in lemon and added a brown gemstone to finish., Take a look at more info about Isabel De Los Rios on the net and also you can learn about her Diet solution program review., Items used, I wish you happy, happy, days! You will have some bad days, yes. They are important so you can appreciate the good ones., MACYS, Article 60, Awesome 1950s blouse pattern, pretty beige lace edging, vintage belt buckle and sequin anchor. I'm really excited about the contents of this package. She's clearly spent quite some time considering my style and preferences, which I really appreciate., But however it came about, the fact is that within a year of this casual introduction to horror movies Raven had entirely forsworn radio work in favour of this new direction, even to the extent of telling one interviewer that he would turn down non-horror film roles if they came his way., Perhaps all writers should be medicated, if only to free them from their terrible Muse. (God knows, I’ve tried the entire pharmacy.) But the medications – booze, pills, dope, whatever – get in the way of the words and so I have to rid myself of pain killers. The words rule. The words dictate. The words sap and diminish. The words destroy. The words kill., life’s unextinguished flames–, you decide not to care, Wyllys – St. John's Lodge No. 4 A.F. & A.M. will present an Evening With Andrew Hammer, Author of the book, "Observing the Craft", Jorden's teacher provided* us with the special opportunity, Now and again I like to join in with Jacqui at The Barefoot Crofter - for 'Seven Days' for a look at the week just gone by. This week for us started with a trip to the beach for the wee puppy Haggis (9wks old, 2kg weight!), Peedie is now a giant dog, or seems like a giant. The first trip to the beach was successful, Haggis (the horrid) waded upto his chest in the sea - clearly not afraid! That deserved his name on the beach............, “Y’ha-nthlei!”, “Liberals and respectable conservatives agree there is this RACE problem. They say this RACE problem will be solved when the third world pours into EVERY white country and ONLY into white countries.”, 2/3 c milk, Under normal circumstances, no one would notice the empty store front with the “For Lease” sign propped up in the front window. The blinds were drawn and the building lay between a Payless shoe store and an ancient Baskin Robbins ice cream parlor. There was no sign out front designating what the prior business had been. The city of Newark had almost forgotten about this once family oriented neighborhood. The twin black Yukons, parked out front, should seem out of place, but no one noticed. The three banks of computer servers, neatly arranged in the back store room, were completely out of sight., "The Princess Pupule has plenty papayas, If you were any kind of gentleman, you’d release me and let me go. Oh God, set me free from him please., Down here, How is appreciation shown to you for Teacher Appreciation Week?, That I went a little mad, I cannot deny. - Zora Stewart, page 1., With so much time before August, we’re still formulating ways to have a meaningful day. For certain, we’ll get ready together instead of separately. As part of that, I’ve decided to wear contacts, which makes me nervous in a good way. It will mark the first time since high school that I have ventured out without hiding behind the safe comfort of my glasses. I wanted to step into the world that day as a new person, as I know that’s how I will feel., 2 World of Trouble 5:34, Sunday was dominated by the NaSTA AGM, the election of the new NaSTA exec and NaSTA hosts for 2013. In the end, Lawrence Bolton became NaSTA Chair-Elect, with XTV winning the bid against YSTV to become hosts for the 40th NaSTA conference and awards. XTV have quite the task ahead of them to improve on what NUTS have done, both it terms of hosts and awards. But with the right direction and leadership, I know they can pull it off., Super thanks to everyone who played along with us in challenge 73.. we appreciate you very much and loved seeing your creations. You are truly part of the make-up of sassy cheryl fans!!, Benji goes down for a nap between 1-2 and I will send the boys in their room or outside to play., me and progress;, Enjoy your Friday!, It was a dark and drizzly Tuesday night when Hoosier Beer Geek decided to visit Zing. And it is too bad, because the latest addition to Indy's small plates restaurant scene has some stellar outdoor seating at the corner of Indiana Avenue and West Street., F — Gun ownership:, 13. Life, And you’ll never walk alone,, Most of us can’t wonder or even try., Looking suitably atmospheric on my bed there! It's been most welcome the last two nights too as I've shivered myself to sleep due to both the sudden drop in temperature and the germs that are rampaging through the house at the moment., Exasperated, the friend asks, "Okay. Let's say our game goes late, the sun goes down, and you hit your ball into a sand trap. What are you going to do then?", Another hour goes by. The sun begins to set. Your muscles are aching to be able to drop the rock. But you refuse to give in. You’re committed to holding up your part of what you promised. Besides, your friend said he’d make it up to you. You aren’t sure what that means, but it must be something good. Thirty minutes later a car pulls up in the driveway. Someone you don’t know is driving. This person walks over and informs you that your friend has been delayed. “Would you mind holding the rock for just a little while longer?” he asks., An 18-year-old man was dismissed from the US Ski Team’s development squad after he was accused of getting drunk and then urinating on a fellow passenger aboard a JetBlue flight. Robert “Sandy” Vietze, of Warren, Vt., was detained by police at New …, In these newsreels Grass “would see Germany surrounded by enemies, valiantly fighting what had been defensive battles abroad – on Russia’s endless steppes, in the burning sands of the Libyan Desert, along the protective Atlantic Wall, at the bottom of the sea – and on the home front I would see women turning out grenades, men assembling tanks, a bulwark against the Red Tide. The German folk in a life-and-death struggle; Fortress Europe standing up to Anglo-American imperialism at great cost…” and every day, the long casualty lists., One of my favorite examples of Thomas’s use of the “fossil out-of-place” argument is from an article entitled “Fossil Footprints Trample Evolutions Timeline.” – It talks about arthropod trace-fossil foot prints which were found in Pre-Cambrian strata in Nevada. Thomas presented this find as if it were a blow to the Evolutionary theory because it would require some reevaluation of determining when arthropods appeared. It never occurred to them that this find actually hurts Creationism more than it could ever hurt the present theory of Evolution. More precisely, this discovery hurts the favorite Creationist argument about the so-called Cambrian”explosion” because it shows that complex, animal life was around 30 million years before., “And I’m just worried I’ve left it in TK Maxx. But that’d be Melanie’s fault.”, I almost told her that the dog was a lot cleaner than her dirty, trash-filled car but I bit my tongue., Again thank you!!, I don't want to be that emotionally hard....should I?, Some had raised their arms to defend themselves from the brutal blows., I am told that whomever wrote that whole article never even came to Cleveland to check it out. So here is my letter back to Forbes., On a more personal level, I couldn’t stand it any longer and, watching the calves wander the field, cut one side of the grasses I’d chosen to let seed. I chose the low side of the creek to do this in, hoping the lesser slope would allow water to help re-juvenate the grass more quickly., So what's missing from this look? The thing that really jumps out at me is the lack of waist definition. Martha has well-proportioned bust and hips combined with a small waist, which puts her in the enviable position of being able to wear just about any type of belt she wants. She could do something as simple as use a thin, solid color belt in the same shade as the dress to bring more emphasis to her waist. She could use a wider belt for a more exaggerated look; it could stay on the subtle side and match the dress, or for higher contrast she could go with a dark brown belt for this particular outfit. The thing about dresses such as this one is that the long expanse of continuous pattern doesn't cause your eye to rest anywhere; it just continues straight on down to the boots. The advantage of this situation is that you have the opportunity to easily draw the eye wherever you want to with minimal accessorizing. Depending on where you position the belt and how wide it is, you can create any sort of shape you want., These sweet white ones in pale blues and pinks are just picture perfect, aren't they?, I never saw the videotape, but I had wanted to do SOMETHING to help ease her pain. I used clay to start a "Survivor" series of art sculptures and jewelry. I wanted to show women going through the painful "cure" for cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, nausea, skin burns, perceived loss of femininity) that they ARE still beautiful and worthy of being happy. So each survivor necklace is hand-painted with hopeful colors and they sometimes accentuate the missing appendage - a portion of the sales goes to the Komen Race for the Cure Foundation. Each Cancer Survivor Goddess sculpture is shining with positive energy. Each sculptural bust is thought-provoking and beautiful. Mom appreciated the Survivor series and proudly wore the neckpieces with many of her outfits. In fact, "Contemplating old Wounds" won Best of Show at the Valley Sculpture Artists art competition and an Award of Merit at the California State Fair., I went to the Camarillo Outlets to see if we could score a free package of Adidas underwear from the Factory outlet store that I posted here. Bummer... we missed out on that deal. The lady said they gave out their last package that morning. The coupon expires 6/14 or will supplies last. I guess they didn't last until June 14th. LOL, Present myself as I want to appear, get back into my hippie styles that I adore., That raw emotion you only feel in those Godly moments., “For goodness sake either dock the shuttle or stop it!”, Eye Shadow (Fire It Up), Hear about Megas Jonsson, Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: <U+FFFC> <U+FFFC> No, I did not., (where I was...DOH!), Over the past couple of weeks, there were more quiet spells than usual during work hours that left me with too much time in front of the computer, drawing me dangerously close to being seduced by that general atmosphere of “Shop, shop, shop!”. Bored, I started seeking the thrill of the new, and nearly dropped a lot of money on things I don’t mind owning, but didn’t really want. In the end, my wallet escaped largely unscathed (I did buy a pair of trousers), but I’m a bit shaken by how obsessive the mind can be when it comes to my weakness for beautiful clothing., Wait overnight before baking the financier batter? No problem., Too often, as women know, history books typically focus on wealth and power, those narratives told and driven by men. Women, confined for centuries to domestic or religious life, often seem almost invisible., In a gym where Silva taught Andy Ganigan, Jesus Salud, Brian Viloria, Paul Lucas and generations of others the finer points of boxing and still gives instruction, Pasion wandered in. “I watched the boys sparring,” she recalls. “Then, I asked him to train me, too. He’s the best, he knows what he’s talking about and you can trust him. He loves the sport.”, I used for each one, 2 book pages folded accordian style and then almost in half. The shorter end creates the wings., Normally it takes a week or so before the side effects start to kick in. However Elisa doesn’t do anything half way. Within a few hours of her first treatment she is has a splitting headache and is vomiting, a lot. She never vomits. Her muscles ache. It hurts to chew, she can barley keep the meds that are meant to help with these symptoms down. They take a few days to work anyway. She is miserable. I just hope this means the cancer cells are even more miserable. One day down. One day at a time., The ramifications of this ruling are two-fold. First, California is so large and so influential that, if the ruling survives a vote of the people in November, it will likely have a social and political impact that will allow same-sex “marriage” to spread to other states., THEIR DENIAL, THEIR PC - LIKE OBAMA'S, LIKE ALMOST ALL ON THE LEFT - IS LITERALLY GETTING US KILLED AS IT KILLED THOSE AT FORT HOOD., That night (early this morning) I went to bed with the illustration penned and sized on watercolor paper, with some under painting completed. I woke up at 6am to get some work done before we went to town. On the way home I had the shocking realization that 5:00 New York time is 4:00 Iowa time! That provided me with the extra shot of adrenaline I needed! I finished at 3:30. Just in time to scan and send it., I just love her blog which contains such a wealth of information!, Day of Wrath, This hole that grief has opened, both into the universe and into the human psyche, might bring me to the truth I seek. And even if it doesn’t take me where I want/need to go, it’s still a gift. Not many people are privileged to find their cosmic twin, to be connected to another human, soul to soul, as we were, and grief is the price I have to pay. Sometimes the price seems too high and I’d like to fling the gift back where it came from, but other times, it almost makes sense, as if the universe is unfolding the way it should be., So far anyone who still has a hard time believing that Minute Maid has got no preservatives added - meaning it's THAT natural, it's almost like it's plucked straight from the tree, it's just as Mother Nature wanted your orange juice to be, it's got nothing but the good stuff yes, none of those potentially toxic stuff that can harm your brain, kidneys, heart; cause tumors aargh- the list of preservatives' bad effects just go on!!! Anyway, just to prove a point on just how good Minute Maid Pulpy is 'cause it's got NO PRESERVATIVES ADDED, I'm gonna drink it for the rest of my life! It's also a great drink this cold season because it has lots of Vitamin C., Part II of my scarf game on-the-street with one woman who is not French.**, 4. We sit & wait with baited breath that we will get featured!, I secured the Owls onto their own tag and then after punching a hole l threaded lost of ribbon through it. The ribbon at the bottom was just a short piece of cord knotted each end then a smaller ribbon wrapped round it. The images were not coloured in just printed out and then carefully cut out. Each owl had its own pocket. All the edges of the papers were inked with a distressing ink., Border on top/bottom – Alternating scotch (Kreinik 5555 and Impressions 1144), So these are two bringing the total to seven., Anyway, now to watch Julie and Julia to smooth my pain. Ok, I’m being a baby, it doesn’t hurt that much but only when I walk. Ahhhh good excuse to veg out., Small, sleek and super portable., 13. Combine with canned tuna to make tuna salad, Turning off the television,, Stage Four! My new Dreamweaver stencils arrived yesterday. When I saw this beautiful little Fleur de Lis, I knew exactly where it had to do its work! Having been so very lucky to have visited Paris and the South of France a couple of times, I enjoy adding some Frenchie accents to my home., You’re spellbound by inaudibilities,, I don't act much anymore, since I keep getting offers to direct shows. There are two problems with getting back onstage after spending a couple of years sitting in the audience giving others direction. First, acting is terrifying when you haven't done it for a while. It is no easier when you're onstage with actors you admire who are capable of making anything funny. The other four women in this show are a formidable, talented bunch., Sounds like the kinds of designs I'd like to fill my closet with!, ‘I never wore jewellery. I had a friend who was attacked and they just went kerchup! with the blade when the ring wouldn’t come off first time. I’ve had friends shot in the head, abducted, ransomed, dumped in the bush, stabbed. Ach – it’s not good. Not good at all. The last straw was the beach house getting ransacked. I barely escaped with my life. So next thing you know I’m standing at Heathrow with one suitcase and one dog. It was like getting mugged all over again, the exchange rate was, Amaya entered the car, and waited until Rio was finished with his tattle tale session about a friend using inappropriate language at school. Then she informed me on the new policies their school's going to implement next year in regards to bullies. Rio has been the victim of bullying, so it's a topic I have very strong opinions about., shattered in minutes, 3. She who controls the cookie, controls the game. Don’t allow a man to unclasp your, um, cookie jar, until he has earned the right to. The Sex in the City three date rule before sex is tossed on it’s ear. You shouldn’t invite a man in for a nightcap until the 5th date. If you are serious about a man and want him to be serious about you, make him wait 90 days for sex. Most employers make you go through a probation period (usually 90 days) before you get benefits. Same idea., Add Farro and lentils and stir 2 minutes until fragrant., That being said the ‘?’ following PostDeleuze is meant to be as uncertain as it seems if not a little provacative because of the way Deleuze is used as an odd metaphysical (but perhaps not purely metaphysical) backdrop for quite a bit of work done in New Materialisms and Posthumanism. As I mentioned in my last post, Cyberfeminism occupies a sort of forgotten place inbetween these bodies of theory and takes on another interesting twist given Sadie Plant and Luciana Parisi as part of the CCRU (Speculative Realism’s prehistory)., When you are in a bad place, when things are not going the way you want them to, don’t forget that you touch other people around you. You may not know the value you give others, so don’t discount it. Just as it is unlikely that you can walk down a path without touching a bug or a blade of grass, it is unlikely that you can walk through your life without touching others on your way. Remember the value you give just by interacting with others, and let that knowledge kindle your own flame just as it kindles theirs., Henry was quickly billed as “that guy Zaav has to kill to get more money”. He was, in all honesty, a bit of an ass to his younger brother, and yet, despite his cool swagger in the midst of the ball, he remained abnormally unattached for an heir of his age. Though we saw little enough of dear Henry before his untimely death, a few assumptions can be made of his character. He obviously saw no harm in taking a seductive woman into his chambers (potentially a family trait – it was Zaav’s mistress after all) which may account for his unmarried status. We also know he was quite a skilled duelist – he came exceedingly near to killing Fortinbras. Beyond this, there were some indications that he fancied Brunhilde for himself, but that may have simply been sibling rivalry during that first ball., Here again is a taster of the sections addressed, such as all kinds of sauces, pickles, jams etc, and meat; fish dairy and cakes; Cleaning cosmetics; drinks and tonics are there for the investment of a little time., That was years ago. Now, I see the benefits of both writing to share with others, as well as reading what others share. In this technologically infused world, the internet offers numerous ways to connect with others. Blogs are one of these fabulous tool that can help foster friendships, strengthen and encourage others, and create community., The theater’s press office enthusiastically heralded his appearances with great ballyhoo: “Brooklyn’s first chance to hear him - Bing Crosby, the Rhythm Boy who made good! An indefinite stay. He’s hot! He’s Torrid! He’s your favorite torch singer of songs you love. Everybody will like Bing, a regular fellow.”, A rainy/overcast/slightly windy day in mid fall. I'd either go to one of my favorite parks in Macon, Georgia and walk by the river with Josh and Niyah, or go shopping and exploring around Atlanta with Josh and our cameras., 1 involves, Ayurveda, the Indian system of traditional medicine, uses a concoction of several spices, herbs and minerals for the treatment of diseases. In a clinical prospective study we have evaluated the efficacy of Ayurveda treatment (a concoction in cow’s milk of powdered Mucuna pruriens and Hyoscyamus reticulatus seeds and Withania somnifera and Sida cordifolia roots) in 18 clinically diagnosed (with a mean Hoen and Yahr value of 2.22) parkinsonian patients. As per Ayurveda principles, 13 patients underwent both cleansing (for 28 days) and palliative therapy (56 days), 5 patients underwent palliative therapy alone (84 days). Only the former group showed significant improvement in activities of daily living (ADL) and on motor examination as per UPDRS rating. Symptomatically, they exhibited better response in tremor, bradykinesia, stiffness and cramps as compared to the latter group. Excessive salivation worsened in both the groups. Analyses of powdered samples in milk, as administered in patients, revealed about 200 mg of L-DOPA per dose. The study establishes the necessity of cleansing therapy in Ayurveda medication prior to palliative therapy. It also reveals contribution of L-DOPA in the recovery as observed in Parkinson’ disease following Ayurveda medication., Donald Wood (Ind) 214, It highlights the perverse sentimentality we have in this country about maintaining a Marxist style healthcare system despite all the evidence that things could be so much better if a degree of competition, even if it is only in the supply of certain services or supplies, were introduced., Living with SPD requires love, patience, encouragement, and a therapy plan in order to be successful. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't look at my daughter and wonder what her adult life will be like. Will she be able to function in society without assistance? Will others take advantage of her disabilities? Being diagnosed with Sensory Perception Disorder doesn't mean that you can't lead a normal and successful life. What it does mean is that you process things differently than others without this disorder. Prognosis depends greatly on early intervention and when older, being able to identify your triggers of stress and knowing what therapy works best for you to comfort that stress thus reducing symptoms. If you have the support of your family and friends, and continue utilizing therapy, SPD can be managed effectively throughout your life., specifically for the unique parameters the ledge, After rehearsals, we decided to go to Unclaimed Baggage. I am right between sizes and have 3 pairs of pants that fit. We need some stuff for camping, I wanted to get a couple messenger bags for the boys and so on. So off we went. Us and 93% of the rest of Northern Alabama. It was wall-to-wall people, the racks were being picked over and people were in line to be next to go through them. We picked up a pillow and 2 stuff sacks and hit the road., Buy the cheapest wine,, First up, I baked some Banana Cupcakes with Nutella frosting (recipe was found here). With this recipe, I had a couple of issues (aside from the fact that the batter was very gooey and not pour-able), namely the fact that I hadn’t used my oven in over two years and ended up grilling the damn things! I’ll have to make them again to see how they are (all things equal), though the frosting (a little runnier than I like) was lovely!!, We painted accent walls, added a chair rail in the dinning area, a new chandelier, Prior to Earth Hour, we are having a lantern making workshop this coming Sunday (the 26th) from 2 until 5 at my house, number 40 Wray Avenue. Please let me know if you’d like to come along. It’d be great to meet you and have you lend a pair of hands to making lanterns – even if it’s only for an hour. Kids are welcome too, but please RSVP so we can cater appropriately., (Which, this being Florida, are actually still upon us. It's been in the low 90s during the day here. Although it seems to be warm Up North as well. Heck, it was warm enough in Philadelphia last night to make the players of the Atlanta-Philly game sweat their asses off. Damn Phillies.), FIFTH (& FINAL) MINI CHALLENGE, I was telling my freelance journalist and author pal, Michelle Goodman, about how we are getting more and more inquiries from people thinking they want to be freelance writers. Some of the folks have been laid off from corporate jobs and dream of the autonomy and freedom that freelance writing work brings. Others are stuck in a rut and are dying on the vine at their current job and are considering career change despite the fact they might have a secure position right now — they simply hate it that much., #14. dark chocolate, Said YES to his proposal, I have a new friend. I'll call him Adrian. Hello, Adrian - I'm sure you will recognise yourself, even with this different name. Adrian has written a long novel which he has been working on for much of this year. He has had feedback from several readers, some with publishing industry experience, so their comments are more likely to be useful than those of random friends and family. He has taken on board all their comments and made changes to his novel. I have not read his novel, nor do I intend to until it is published. I have read and commented on the synopsis and the first page - that's all. So can I be any use to Adrian in helping him develop his novel? I think so. Because I don't think I can teach him to write, but I might be able to help him to learn to write., Monday, December 10, 5:00 PM: Pretend to bathe by throwing some fresh water over our heads, And the Nets only get to sell Brooklyn for so long; eventually they have to sell themselves. Right now, they're not close to that. From UniWatch, This is the reason I love writing for teenagers. The purity of emotions that graces the pages of YA novels attract me like no other. And high stakes really do exist in everyday life within a teenage mind, simply because (unlike in our grown-up world) everything... even the tiniest detail... matters., There are plenty of questions to be asked? Will Labour in Newport oppose their Government in Cardiff's plan to build an extra tunnel at Brynglas? Will they allow the potential destruction of 150 homes and the blighting many more? Or will they say and do nothing? Will their government in Cardiff finally sort out the opening of the Ebbw Vale to Newport railway? Will the cities elected Labour representatives vanish from sight for anotherr five years?, “He told me Umno was suppressing him to a point that his car was splashed with paint on one occasion,” said Ooi, adding that he also helped Razali find an employer when he was in financial difficulty., The Treasury’s credit easing scheme may improve access to funding for small- and medium-sized businesses and, as can be seen by recent news reports, some exporters are receiving more orders from Asia., - Who just leaves treasure lying all over the floor?, backsliding all the time, Adriana Braga, Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro. Microcelebrity, the Medium, and the Message, I am an embedded agent of a secret, undercover, Terry Pratchett is above anything else a writer. He has long been one of my favourite authors in the world. He makes me laugh, he makes me cry (more crying), he makes me think how damned clever he is and how I wish I could construct the kind of punes he does without looking like a complete fule. He also happens to have Alzheimer's. He's made 'coping with it' jokes about that--at the beginning wondering "what kind of vegetable would I be?". Now, as the condition progresses, he is confronting his own end--and how he would want that to occur., I find it more difficult to deadhead flowers or squash an unwanted bug with gloved fingers., You can become Exalted with Ironforge by buying an Ironforge Tabard and wearing it while in any instance, including low level ones. You will get reputation for every mob killed. The mounts are all available from the Amberstill Ranch in Dun Morogh., Inmates held on immigration detainers were one of the few countervailing trends: ICE detainers accounted for 3.3% of local jail inmates in 2011 nationwide, compared to 1.7% in 2005 (the 21st century floor)., Best Foods Mayo $3.50, Here are some pictures from yesterday., Finally, Mother's Day., Earlier today I had the opportunity to interview Rafael Gil an organizer for Occupy Virginia Beach., My plans are to apply the same kind of intense focus in my position as Chair of the Council’s Sanitation Committee. I look forward to developing a better understanding of the issues regarding sanitation throughout the City of New York, as well as working with the administration and sanitation experts to concentrate on new and innovation ideas regarding Citywide sanitation, and improving upon quality of life issues for constituents., The last step was to go around the 'frame' with white gesso and cover up the mess. Intelligent crafters usually lay down a mask to protect the white surface, but I wanted to be free to step out as it were, so I didn't this time. I left a little color underneath the bow of the ship for shadow., I mean, my heart totally sank when i was at the SS office and their form said “We do not accept birth certificates as proof of identity”. I mean first off: What the fuck?! Every ID requires 2 other IDs. What the fuck do you do if your wallet is stolen?, The New Species, Blood and Banjos These guys are doing something I have been mulling over for awhile, a cross-over of blue grass and black metal., I’m not sure if I was more excited to have a beautiful sunny weekend in London because of the opportunity to be outside or because it meant I could test out the Freeloader, solar charger I was lent!? Made by Solar Technology International, the charger looks very cool – small, sleek with brushed aluminium finish which I, as a designer find appealing. It is also very easy to use; you pull sides apart and push the solar panels into the sides of the main body, place it in the sunshine and watch the flashing display show that the charger is charging., For now I will sit in the park, clear my mind, and ask what to do. I don’t know who I ask, or where the answer comes from. (Most of the time its my husband – don’t tell him but he is pretty smart guy) I often trust my intuition on things and I know that this will work out. I am choosing to charge on and take organizing this 5km run/walk head on. It’s going to take up my time I will have to adjust my business schedule and sacrifice time with my family. BUT I refuse to give up and crawl into a pile of nachos (where a month ago you would have found me), Sovereign - Blonde ale (3.8% ABV), the day care while I walked up to the door, dropped his brother off,, It was 1987., The third thing that was a big change in my life was that I became a licensed insurance agent. I started working for The Stengel Agency in November of 2009 and almost a year to the day later, in November of 2010, I took the exam and passed it on the first try. What an accomplishment!! I was a nervous wreck for a week leading up to the test! I am happy with my new career! It has been a big change, but I love it! Best of all, I work in a Christian office with Christian people! Praise the Lord!!, Drawn from the life and lifestyle of our Savior, The Jesus Life offers eight practical ways to truly experience the life Christ promised. Each chapter will show readers how to follow the example that Jesus modeled throughout his life including:, ...look at this!!!, Ryan got a cinnamon apple, And washed all of my sins away,, In this case, "the belt buckle" is the actual direction that someone's campaign is going, or the personal effect and perception they have with the electorate., I'll feel a sense of loss when you're not there,, We headed over to Senor Frog's at the request of one of the kids. Three words: overpriced, crappy food. If you ever head a little off the typical tourist traps, there's a great restaurant inside Market 28: Veracruz Restaurant. It's family-owned and the food is fantastic, cheap, and plentiful. They actually bring the bottle of tequila out to fill up your margarita tableside. Yum!, I have hinted to the fact that we are experiencing technical issues here at “Three Dogs At Home” I have spent the last 10 days trying to correct all the issues and recreate the posts that were lost., (Here's how my living room looked around 18 months ago), You can only have one, We broke up in October, you got a new girl friend in December. You said you loved her and some of your friends joked on your facebook that it wouldn’t last and you didn’t agree. I was sad, but happy for you all in one. I’d been rekindling things with my ex and was happy with him, but missing you still. Life and love are so odd, huh? I’m probably not making any sense. I don’t even know what I’m trying to say anymore. I guess that life goes on., Victoria –Third Wave when majority of the bike route is on the Galloping Goose Trail and the last piece has bike lanes. Also, there is a bike bench at the airport., - Use the bins that are used at hardware stores for screws and nails. Put a different letter in each drawer. (shared by Becky), When governments force onto people a behaviour which is contrary to their intuitive and highly sophisticated inherent patterns, that is tyranny. This may not be the dictionary definition, but it is a more tangible and qualitative measure of tyranny., The last few photos of the village and ice skating rink is the view from my hotel suite. I loved catching the different light from the village, the snow cats plowing at night and the ice skating rink. It was simply gorgeous and so peaceful each night!, The real meat of this award is that I get to share some of my favorite "Blogs With Substance" with you. Here is a list of blogs I eagerly read when they are in my Google Reader.....in no particular order of course., But it was late at night already and didn't have time to bake a whole new cake, so instead I just cut out the main part of Hello Kitty's face with the majority of the cake, and then with the scraps I cut out the shape of the ears and bow. Then I fit them into the mold, hoping the mousse that would go on top would end up holding the cake in place., Stereotypes can be really useful to a writer. You want to quickly communicate exactly what sort of person this is? Just pop in a few generally-recognised characteristics, and the average mind will fill in the rest., Saturday we went out for lunch at Cici's Pizza and then went by the animal shelter...just to look! I've been asking for a puppy for Christmas ever since our new neighbor puppy found her way into our backyard and spent a couple of afternoons with us until her family got home. There were so many cute animals at the shelter, so we chose a few dogs we were interested in, but as we stood in line, most of the dogs we had chosen were claimed by other folks. There was one left, the one BubTar was really interested in, so we asked to see him. They told us he was "snappish" when he came in and maybe not a good idea with the kids, but another worker said he was VERY sweet and had warmed to him quickly. So we went ahead and asked to visit with him. He was SO pitiful! He just cowered in the middle of the room...no sniffing, no licking, no wagging. Nothing. He just laid still, probably hoping no one would hit him. :( He definitely wasn't aggressive towards us, though. Not a growl or snarl or anything. He was too scared to move, I think. He wasn't available to be adopted yet, since he had only been in the shelter for a day, but we filled out a non-binding application so we would be first in line if we decided to get him. Since we already have a dog, they told us we needed to bring her up so they could meet before we could adopt him, so we made plans to do that on Monday., My poor DH had the misfortune of being born in California. Both his parents are native born Texans but his Dad was in the Navy and stationed in California after he came back from WWII. They had to stay out there after he was discharged, until he could earn enough money to move back home to Texas and so DH was six months old before he got to Texas. Not sure if he can ever be President of Texas but oh well….his blood is Texan!, If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem., Maybe this will be the Call Of Duty to shape them all, but only time will tell. Check back for more news later today., Ever since his <U+FB01>rst ecstasy or vision of Christminster and its possibilities Jude had meditated much and curiously on the probable sort of process that was involved in turning the expressions of one language into those of another. He concluded that a grammar of the required tongue would contain, primarily, a rule, prescription, or clue of the nature of a secret cipher, which, once known, would enable him by merely applying it, to change at will all words of his own speech into those of the foreign one. . . ., soldiers in Darfur cannot have any, Oh and before I forget don't forget to pre-order your copy of The Pen & Paper Circle Kit. This edition has a really gorgeous A6 set of stamps and a cd containing 54 backing papers and coordinating png alphabets and if that wasn't enough there's a magazine with 12 step by step tutorials, hints, tips & inspiration. Remember, you only have until the 7th March to order., With all the Columbus Glowing blue Jackets operating a great 8-1-1 streak in to Clarksville On the, the Blue Jackets ended up seeking to click a new 20 video game skid up against the Possible predators., and to use the parts., Another group organized a change.org petition drive against Huggies' "stereotype of dumb fathers.", * You are more afraid of the living than you are the dead., Tuesday, I had the day off. To my surprise, I spent the entire day writing and finished up on around 8,000 words. Looking back, the bug had already bitten, I just hadn't realised. Wednesday went similarly after I got out of work at lunchtime. I think I was somewhere around 15,000 by Thursday, the day of the second write-in., U.S. Department of Energy. (1996). Plutonium: The first 50 years: United States plutonium production, acquisition, and utilization from 1944 to 1994. DOE, Washington, D.C., What did suck was that something was either wrong with some of the film or something happened in the developing process itself to create crazy colors and light patterns on the film. Granted, some of the film was expired and it was expected that the results be "off" but this was also the case on some of the "new" film. We may get dust spots on digital, but you can't easily fix this kind of color banding problem when the actual film negative has been destroyed or altered in some way. Strike 4 against film., Enjoy this simple and tasty root vegetable dish on a cold night. The recipe is designed to highlight the flavors of the vegetables, and not be a heavy, creamy dish., New Belgium Brewing Inc. Mighty Arrow Pale Ale, An older gentleman had an appointment to see a urologist who shared an office with several other doctors. The waiting room was filled with patients., -Piece of wood cut to the size of your window, An article discussing the good and bad points of Sharp Aquos LC-46 XD1E LCD TV to help you make an informed buying decision., This year I have decided to do my best to practice the KISS method of holiday preparations., I found a beautiful prayer by Bhishma to Krishna as he lay on his bed of arrows from the Mahabharata. It is a wonderful thing to know how such a pure self approached the ultimate self for yoga. That is what Janamejaya asked Vaisampayana (Vyasa’s student), who was telling him the Mahabharata., The Ginger is made from a scrap of brown kraft wrapping paper. Same for the start and I also made a heart. Punch tiny holes and add a hanger for your tree., - The Grove Singers / backing vocals, And done is done, under beautiful brilliant skies and frolicking winds… but that’s all you really get to hear about that…, “I’ll Be Around”, For the most part and with some luck, your mom is getting through these years relatively unscathed. Every now and again, I have a doctor investigate the old uterus because apparently when you don’t use it, it needs a cleaning every now and again. Everything else is pretty much okay. However, there was one traumatic experience here that I think I should warn you about., 10. Which show do you prefer 1, 2, or 5? CSI, A few weeks ago I mentioned that I was feeling the need for a little réparation to the skin, hair and body after the rigours of winter... The same goes for my wardrobe. It needs a little spring clean, a make over, a smarten up... So here is what I am thinking..., Another thing I recommend is that you show your customer’s that you have liability insurance. Not only does this put their mind at ease on letting you do work on their current system but it also helps explain why your cost may be higher than ABC Air down the street. (if your company name is ABC Air I promise I am not trying to single you out)., No need to time travel. Check, Truth is, I don’t remember most of the content and the words that were thrown out were huge ones I hadn’t heard before. The speaker was an intellectual, I am a simpleton., I let my sister read it and she said it was worded perfect, professional and to the point. This is all business right now. I sent them at 7 am. I have received no emails for a couple of days and so far, no answer to these emails., Hold your hand just as long as I can, The two men have exchanged views on evolution and the existence of God before., Where would you set the boundaries for teen fiction?, Quinoa is an amino acid-rich (protein) seed that has a fluffy, creamy, slightly crunchy texture and a somewhat nutty flavor when cooked. Most commonly considered a grain, quinoa is actually a relative of leafy green vegetables like spinach and Swiss chard. The leaves of the quinoa plant are edible, with a taste similar to its green-leafed relatives., Kathy has chosen this weeks theme. After seeing one of Stewart's photos the other day, she's gone for the artistic idea of 'impressionism"; the late 19th century French art movement., Still, I’m looking forward to going back to the city where Stephen Foster wrote Oh Susannah, maybe some of the great songwriter’s magic will rub off on me., Happy Friday everyone! What a week --- whew! I'm so happy the weekend is upon us and we get a little break from the busy work week. Today I want to share a card I created for this week's Inspiration Friday challenge over at the La La Land Crafts blog. This week, create a project using an image from the Girlfriends collection. I decided to use pretty little Jesalyn!, 3. Tweet a link to the giveaway and make sure to tag me @biancaphillips. Then leave a comment letting me know you tweeted.Remember, you only need to enter once for a chance to win and you can do so by simply leaving a comment (see #1). Any extra entries for Facebook likes and Twitter mentions just help your chances, but if you're not on FB or Twitter, don't sweat it. I'll randomly select a winner on Monday night. Oh, and don't forget to leave your email address in a comment if you're not easily contactable through a blog., Because mtDNA is not highly conserved and has a rapid mutation rate, it is useful for studying the evolutionary relationships-phylogeny of organisms. Biologists can determine and then compare mtDNA sequences among different species and use the comparisons to build an evolutionary tree for the species examined. Because mtDNA is transmitted from mother to child, it can be a useful tool in genealogical research into a person’s maternal line (Song et al., 2005). It is important to remember that mitochondrial populations are considered heteroplasmic. There are many mitochondria within a cell, each with its own mtDNA and potential mutations. Thus when discussing mitochondrial mutations, it is necessary to think of mutations present across the entire mitochondrial population, rather than in a single mitochondrion (Taylor & Turnbull, 2005). Regardless of this unique feature, mothers can have mitochondrial populations that are homoplasmic for a given mitochondrial mutation; in this case, the majority of their mitochondrial genome would harbor the mutation (Taylor & Turnbull, 2005)., Elliot North has always known her place in this world. Four years ago Elliot refused to run away with her childhood sweetheart, the servant Kai, choosing duty to her family’s estate over love. Since then the world has changed: a new class of Post-Reductionists is jumpstarting the wheel of progress, and Elliot’s estate is foundering, forcing her to rent land to the mysterious Cloud Fleet, a group of shipbuilders that includes renowned explorer Captain Malakai Wentforth—an almost unrecognizable Kai. And while Elliot wonders if this could be their second chance, Kai seems determined to show Elliot exactly what she gave up when she let him go., a wasted power,, Her Pillow Book is, just as any blog is, a mish-mash of anecdotes, thoughts, observations and of course poems – what blog can hold its head up high if it doesn’t contain at least one poem., "Ha ha!" Tommy chortled. "I believe you laughed first!", Some may argue that that's what people who lose say. Perhaps so. But it's true. I'm really fine, and for the first time in a long time I can put things in my mouth and wonder when I'll be able to burn them off...., The passionate revolutionary, John Adams, wrote legendary letters to his wife Abigail as the couple weathered many months apart as Adams fought for the independence of America night and day. And we think our long distance, or just distance, relationships are hard! At least we’ve got email, phones and the likes of skype to help us through them!!, To my CHNS Colleagues, thanks for the experiences shared: Brian Kae, Ryan, Lina, Che, Miguel, Dra. Francisco, Patricia., I chose a traditional palette of gold, ivory and beige for the event. The association provided the food and location so I incorporated a navy blue as the one pop of color to coordinate with the linens that were donated. Here are a few photos of the details I put together for her birthday., Both my grandmothers came from country stock. My paternal Grandmother, Lyda, was accustomed to cooking for farm hands. She was a humdinger of a cook, too., These are toy figures of Hitler and Mussolini, purchased in a Copenhagen store in 1943. It had somehow never occurred to me that little figurines of fascist dictators were made – presumably for children to play with!, I worked and I fiddled. I did the old step back, paintbrush between my teeth and my head cocked to one side, with a really pompous expression. The kind that requires a black beret. I also covered myself in paint in the process. I continued fussing until I liked the finish product. The same process unfolded with another of the three paintings:, Possible: Nick Nolte (Supporting Actor); Long Shot: Tom Hardy (Lead Actor), mixes. We take great pride in a sanitary and, How do you rate on this type of thing? Do you consider yourself a welcoming host?, starring Ben Affleck, Jon Hamm, Rebecca Hall,, Michaux’s stance toward the other is ironic: the Hindus “have allied themselves with the cow, but the cow does not care;” “Balinese women have more breast than expression.” He writes from the perspective of what he is – an outsider. But he is an outsider who, while critical (no noble savages here), is clearly enamoured with what he calls “the great multiform, living challenge of the Asiatic peoples to our terrible Western monotony.” A world in which one is everywhere at home, in which one is never the barbarian, is a world dead of poetry. The reader will not learn from A Barbarian in Asia the best sites to visit in Japan or the best hotels to stay at in Java, but he will learn to appreciate the virtues of being a barbarian. As Michaux writes, “a passerby, with his innocent eyes, is able sometimes to lay his finger on the center.”, Though, really, I expect for neither to actually go for it. They make money from software sales, and nobody’s going to buy software that’s overpriced, especially if they’re tied to one system. I know I’d end up having to get two of the system because I might be moving out soon and my brothers and I share games, so it would cause extra, unnecessary trouble. As such, whoever does this loses my money, and I buy a lot of games. Not that just my wallet will have any significant effect, but yeah., St. Michan’s is of note to us because Sherri’s Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Grandfather, Robert Donnelly was baptized here in the late 1700's. While we were inside we were able to see the baptismal font that he was baptized in., Hola Bellas!!!, In explanation of what husband as prophet is to do for his wife, Lepine says,, That winter, we had a bit of a break from the hockey season, so I was able to fly back home for about ten days in December for the Christmas and New Year’s holidays. While there, I ended up having sex with BigSlut, who is friends with SoccerChick, but that is its own story for a different day. I told FigureSkater about it a couple of weeks later, and it was all I could do to keep her from dumping me. I was young, and stupid, and quickly learned that if you do make a mistake, its best just to keep it to yourself. I still feel like I never should’ve told FigureSkater about my night with BigSlut, but we are still really good friends and do manage to be brutally honest with each other, so maybe that’s a part of it. I don’t know., Loving “the low down according to mon” or do you think you could come up with something better? Sound off in the comments below. Any other celebrity news you want to talk about? I’m all ears!, I know a few people who worked on this movie. They’ve been bugging me to see this movie. Happy now?, It is difficult for me to reconcile the gentle, patient, kind and nonviolent Jesus with the impatient and often bitter Paul. Paul is quick to discredit women and focus solely on his message—namely that Jesus died for our sins as our lord and savior. Paul’s interpretation is one that Ireneaus and Constantine monopolized on years later. Is that what Jesus and God had intended upon? Was the intuition of the church, the unifying of ideas the goal all along? Or did Jesus simply seek to free us from the strict laws of Judaism and corrupt government? Christian Orthodoxy promotes obedience and unquestioning fellowship, yet Jesus sought to overturn the powers that be during his brief time. Although he did not rule a kingdom or sit on a throne, he proved powerful enough to unnerve those in control of Jerusalem. He created a stir, yet did not shed blood. He broke the rules and was punished for standing up to those who opposed him. Because he was special this was then acceptable, but those who tried to succeed him were prosecuted. Too many people tried to mimic him and this created a Christianity where obedience is enforced. Jesus was the exception to the rule if you believe Christian Orthodox thinking., The words of the late Martin Luther King Jr. May his words and message continue to live on although he has long since passed on., I also like Jellyfish. If you ever want to shut me up for a few hours, take me to an aquarium and place me in front of a tank of Jellyfish. I will be totally hypnotized and entranced! They look like creatures from another world and I think they are magical., A door slams. She looks out the window and sees him walk to his car. That’s her cue. She races down the stairs and out her front door. She reaches the road just in time for him to stop so she can get in the passenger seat. His foot slams the gas and their off again., The real test lately has been that of patience. I have no idea what I'm doing next year. I know where I'm going, yeah, which presents all its own challenges, but what am I actually doing? Do I have a job? An internship? A place to live? Nope. Still waiting to hear back from people about things. Graduation is coming up, and I know I'm not the only one in this boat., Mare51089: really?, The Kingdom - I'm so freaking sick and tired of Jamie Foxx. And I still don't get how Jennifer Garner is a big star. Yeah. I can't wait until Chris Cooper starts making movies I actually want to watch again. Jason Bateman, too. Also, did you know that Islam is a totally alien and hostile culture? True!, I'm going to make my own., Passive: The ball(object) was hit(verb) by John (subject)., I revere, Narcissus, your shadowy reflection; I shed a tear for Hyakinthos, who grasped the cruel discus; I pity your hunting of the wild beast, Adonis. Yet the meadow of Antinous and his lovely new flower envy not pool, not fatal discus, not boar. The nymphs began to crown their tresses with the flower named after Antinous, which to this day preserves the mighty spear of the hunter., the government provided inadequate data in 2007 on trafficking crimes investigated or prosecuted, or on resulting convictions or sentences;, Kirk is a young, rich brat who doesn’t think of anyone but himself. To celebrate his twenty-first birthday, Kirk throws a big birthday bash at his father’s huge ranch house. As Kirk celebrates, he takes sexually-enhanced drug the rich enjoy called, Alantica Dream. During the party, Kirks enjoys overindulging in the company of many men, relishing in the pleasure of having orgasm after orgasm from his so-called friends. One moment Kirk is enjoying the party and the next, he wakes up in a cage with a uniquely looking red-headed, freckled man. Since any blemish is considered a flaw, Kirk has never seen such a captivating looking man before and he’s immediately intrigued by him. Kirk soon finds out he and the man, Lyndarum, are both to be sold as slaves, and he’s both confused and angered by this. To his dismay, the men who captured him do not believe he is THE Kirk Skelling and they treat him like they would any ordinary slave. But there is something about Lyndarum’s sweet and sexy disposition that Kirk feels an immediate connection with, so he quickly decides to do what he must to keep them both safe. Together. Despite how dire their situation looks, Kirk is determined to get both him and Lyndarum safely away from their captors so they can share a life and love that Kirk never knew he wanted to have until he met Lyndarum. Will they be able to escape captivity and achieve a life and love that both men crave so desperately?, It will work pretty much as it did last month; you will have a 24 hour window in which to post your direct links to your projects using the Inlinkz tool that will be available to you right here on the 17th., I got the white one, and she should be here in 1-2 weeks., south of it and also i sleep on the way back…i woke up then i prepared for transit. I saw from the window some good view.. So when i just step out from the bus i went to take it.., I thought that this interviewer of those with the fire could be Fanny Kiefer or Ian Thom but they did not seem to fit. Then I saw you in my mind one morning giving a talk in the gallery. I figured this interviewer could be you. You have the personality, the good looks, the knowledge and even the connections to start an art talk show. Perhaps Fanny or Gordon or Ian could help you. You could interview Shadbolt’s successor at UBC, those at Emily Carr U. or people like Sylvia Tait or Gathie Falk. This may be the time to shine a light on what art can be in these days of economic doldrums, world chaos and the advent of our new art museum., This week I've been at summer school in Cape Cod, learning from Chris Worley - one of the 'greats' in the field of OD (organization/al development) about sustainable management organizations. It was awesome., The following comment was received from Paul England (Simmons & Simmons, London):, The dt all have prizes on their blog which you can have a chance at winning by doing the blog hop. My prize is a $20 gift certificate to spend at My Favorite Things!! :), It appears that this chapter has a different timeline than the first chapter as far as the order of creation. In 2:5, it says that “no plant had yet sprung up” because God hadn’t made it rain yet (although one would think that since “streams came up from the earth and watered the whole surface of the ground” there would be enough moisture for plant life). Regardless, there are no plants when God sets about to make Adam. After he makes Adam, he makes the garden and then seeing Adam’s need of a “helper,” forms animals. This is extremely out of order from Genesis 1, where humans were created last., Tip:, She was ageless and asexual and able to do things I couldn't, like a true fairy. It's a few years now since I'd seen her at a party but I had no idea that she was only 26 months short of her centenary. I don't know what her actual funeral will have been like, but I like to think of it as William Blake's vision of a cortege of grasshoppers and a rose-leaf for a bier., In a small pan, warm the milk, butter and orange zest until the butter melts, then set aside to infuse. (50 degree C), Whose mainspring is love,, The alumni of the Stony Brook University Athletic Bands have created this award as a way of supporting and encouraging current members. The camaraderie, musicianship, leadership, and the spirit of the band that you all experience now, has touched and changed each of our lives as well. For this reason we would like to recognize those members of the band who exemplify these qualities and are committed to helping keep these values strong by teaching those around them ., Even some of the 29 percent of Insiders who said the Obama administration should be involved argued that it is not legally necessary but noted that it is politically important., “Well, maybe you’d like to do the shopping next year.”, * Diva’s must be between the ages of 0-8 years old., analyzing, A little more inspiration: Windsor Smith's stairwell as seen in domino, August 2007. She began with one very large central piece, adding smaller photographs to the mix, and she opted to unify her grouping with all white frames., She thinks with a wry smile,, Owen just had to take a little stroll among them., These navy blue socks have a cool floral detail and are covered in prairie flowers with a cow skull (bull!) in the middle of the feet., She was ruthless, competitive, ambitious and a ferociously hard worker. 6,000 words a day hunted and pecked on the typewriter first husband Hugh gave her as a wedding present, 750 books published, millions made in her lifetime and eight million a year now, over forty years after her death. I hope if Gillian and Imogen were even a hundredth as neglected and coldly treated as the play showed, that they got some joy out of their inheritance., A bunch of vegetarians saying “let’s eat them, because they can’t comprehend the horror”., If I should take off my shirt, I want you to be as lackadaisical about that as if your best male friend took off his shirt. Are you saying Hey alriiiight! to your best male friend and encouraging him to take off his shirt? Then I don’t want that either. Optimally, it would be nice if you didn’t even NOTICE., Brady also fashioned some pretty nifty digital mockups, using illustrator and photo shop, to show the potential clients what are fabulous designs would look like on their products., Home from surgery and everything went well! Feeling ok. The only pain is in my hand where they had the iv and a slight headache. Other than that, just a little sleepy., Courage is a muscle; exercise it and it will burst forth from inside-out., Walked to Mrs. Willis’s house- she has a new haircut! And her house finally has lights and is almost finished being renovated. What a change from having flute lessons with her two years ago. But one thing didn’t change….how much she loves talking about after death stuff and coming back from the dead. She sent me off with these goodies…meep., and everything to do with the, Pardon the flash overload as it was in a poorly lit room with my phone camera. She burrowed in under this blanket and then popped back out to stare at me., Oh the horror!!, Martha Marshall Controlled chaos. I like to work intuitively and put down layers of interesting surfaces and textures, usually confining them to a uniform square format, each one being its own universe. I know a piece is finished when it looks as if I didn’t participate in its creation. I achieve this by working on multiple pieces at a time, moving from one to another, never staying too long with one piece, in order to keep it spontaneous and keep my left brain from interfering with the process., So much for being a genius., 910-977-1055, The Congos - Ark Of The Covenant, coriander powder 1 1/2tsp, Over the next several weeks, as the weather starts to warm up, we will have something neighborhood related to be concerned about, too., sambal, Sarawak Report can now add to growing questions in Britain about Tony Blair and his former PR advisors’ links with repressive regimes., Parents can find their children’s zoned schools, the nearest Student Registration Centers, or Special Education Enrollment Sites by calling 311 or visiting the Department’s Web site at schools.nyc.gov. Enrollment staff at Student Registration Centers will meet with students and their parents to facilitate registration. Interpretation services will be available at each center. All forms and parent materials will be available in English and translated into nine languages (Arabic, Bengali, Chinese, French, Haitian Creole, Korean, Russian, Spanish, and Urdu)., He’s a strange character, there’s no doubt about it. But I love him for all his quirks and warts and odd humor., A few weeks ago I got on the phone with luxury interior designer Sandra Espinet. Sandra is an absolutely fantastic interior designer, and a sweet and genuine person who I've loved getting to know over the past few months. She has the absolute dream job of living and working in Cabo San Lucas, a small island off the coast of Mexico with just 40,000 inhabitants. She also just started a brand new blog bringing all of us into her world of luxury interior design. I am excited to bring you today's Style Talk interview with such an accomplished designer (Sandra was named Designer of the Year by California Home & Design Magazine in 2010!) who has a unique perspective living and working in one of the most beautiful places in the world., Reflecting upon that kind of scenario does make one wonder about the kind of parents that would do such a thing to their young, innocent and impressionable child. But the answer to that particular question became readily apparent a few moments later when the kid’s father came strolling up the hiking path dressed in virtually the same idiotic nerdy outfit as his son., I love how she kind of knows Santa is not real but that she wants to still believe so she can have a little fun at Christmas. It's the perfect combination of Christmas Tradition, I think. With a lot about Christ and a little fun with Santa., One hundred years ago, 'wireless telegraphy' was mostly used to communicate with vessels crossing the Atlantic Ocean. And these weren't signals with human voices, but rather in the dots and dashes of Morse code. Experiments with sending vocals over the airwaves were already being conducted in New York by Lee De Forest as early as 1907, but radio wouldn't seriously be considered as a means of voice transmittal for almost another decade., Type:Puzzle,mystery, Comment #854 - Dreena (confirmed), Óttarr, the meeting of yourself and the band seems especially serendipitous – can you explain the magical events that made this unison happen…?, Last updated at 3:01 AM on 19th February 2012, There has been no study since which has shown significantly different results, and demonstrated anyone’s ability to consistently achieve the claims of TT in a true blinded test, let alone actually curing anyone. (If you think I’m wrong, send me a link to where it’s happened.) And until we have some similar, legitimate evidence that the proposed mechanisms of therapeutic touch are the most likely cause of what’s going on – ruling out all the usual bad reasons why people buy into alternative medicine, on the basis of multiple anecdotes or personal experience and so on – there’s simply no reason it should be believed., Today, "RIP Kurt Cobain" trended on Twitter. Seventeen years ago, he shot himself in the head and ended his life. He left behind a wife, a baby daughter, two bandmates who suddenly had to make new career plans for themselves, and a few CDs' worth of terrific music, just barely enough for a legacy. I put the Nirvana VEVO channel on at work, when I could, just to remember., more times than not., girls and the business!!! I am getting into a, Needless to say, the FTC is not a big fan of PAEs:, V: Oh, you like games do you??? What's the strangest game you've ever played? Did I say strangest? I meant dirtiest, “I should say, the roses made for a simple recapitulation,, “Nick!” I said, nudging his shoulder. He rammed into a wall and glared at me while he nursed his arm., Film: The First Grader, 05. On my mind feat. Lentle Kay (prod. by Carnyiso), We've also visited Mr A's parents, and his dad and I managed to scrape our way through the slow second movement of the Mozart Clarinet Concerto a few times. Neither of us had practised a great deal, so there were many stoppages and "take it from bar 48 again" moments, but he really enjoyed it and expressed the view that it was a shame we live so far away. I think we'll have to work up to the first and third movements over a longer period, because those have a lot more notes to squeeze into a bar., I've really been enjoying making art like this, because I work on it and then leave it for a day or so, and keep coming back and in the meantime I work on another piece of art completely different than this.......like the one from my new workshop that I'm taking being taught by the very talented Joyce. It's her Fresco Online Workshop. I'm not used to working on this type of surface, but when she breaks it down, it made me wonder what I was so afraid of.....plus it's a great lesson on using watercolors on this type of surface, which I've fallen in love with., How to Plan Home Renovations?, The method of cooking is different as there is no whistling in the kitchen with the Futura cooker plus cooking is faster. You can make this in ordinary cooker and remove after 2 whistles also use 1 1 cup of water for every cup of rice. Allow the pressure to fall naturally., Author of various books about vegetarianism and Christianity, “A Vegetarian Sourcebook”, “God’s Last Offer: Negotiating for a Sustainable Future”, The U.S. president gets elected by indirect voting through an institution called Electoral College. 538 electors represent 50 U.S. states and Washington D.C. U.S. citizens cast their ballots (popular vote) on Election Day. Electors are supposed to vote according to the results of the popular vote in the state they represent. The candidate that receives at least 270 electorial votes is elected., Hope you are all ok., I confess.., Winner: The Rake - Very close call between all three here. The Rake's location tips the scales., There’s this great 18th-century play called The Contrast, written by a man with the very un-American name of Royall Tyler, whose comedy of errors was a still-pretty-funny send-up of Americans trying to act like fashionable European dandies. Maybe inadvertently, but probably not, Tyler pokes fun at that most American of virtues: making money. Hey, I’m not saying there’s anything wrong with that–I’ve been tweeting disparaging things about OWS-ers for months. But you have to admit, Royall Tyler has it exactly write when our heroine’s father spouts his favorite line half a dozen times throughout the first act:, 8. ENJOY ST. ARNOLD BEERS: It is in poor taste to be seen quaffing anything else. Ever. See "Curse of Saint Arnold.", However, in recent years, with all the scandals involving robo-signing, and missing and forged mortgage documents, most judges are now carefully reviewing each and every mortgage related complaint., The man said, “Without your, Someday the opportunity to take a leap will present itself. Which brings me to one more favorite saying, an old Native American proverb:, If that wasn't bad enough, the craft businesses with Saturday stalls have been told not to come back. They were expecting to trade seven days a week throughout December as in previous years and make most of their money during this time., but not so much anymore. and that makes me kinda sad. not upset, just really sad. I hate that the more time that passes, the less reason I have to think everything is ok. That sucks. A lot. Because it’s subtracting from the (very) short list of the things that keep me going through my days. (not that my happiness depends on him lol), And there will be a COCKTAIL at the SHOWROOM to see the new collections on 1st October! And I just received the email about this - so I can go! By invitiation only! That's so HOBO., Sunshine’s central problem is the characters – though played better than could be expected by an ensemble of very good actors, the writing is terribly flat. Not a single member of this family is a character so much as a compendium of tics and unusual traits. They’re not caricatures – they’re too oddball to be caricatures – but the effect amounts to the same thing, making any emotional connection difficult, if not impossible. For a film that attempts to suture a family in crisis, this lack of feeling is an impossible hurdle to jump. Combine this with generally muddled writing and an ending that feels premature, and it’s difficult to get anything of note out of Sunshine. However, it’s certainly not hard to enjoy on a surface level – when the actors are allowed some room, such as in the hilarious exchange on sarcasm between Steve Carell and Greg Kinnear, the movie comes to life. The same is true of some of the setpieces, particularly the running gags about the family’s broken-down Volkswagon bus. Unfortunately, these moments aren't enough to fill the emptiness at the center of the film., So… what did you think of that then? Weird non?, So your a developer working on a 200-million dollar game. Well you can break the game into four pieces. You make a 50- million dollar episode and sell it online for 29.99$. If the episode bombs a developer can drop the product without risking a massive loss at retail., * setting influences characters’ word choice, At large as the dead,, A story of love's commitment, of partings and reconciliations, of the courage involved in living on nobody's else's terms, Ghost Light is profoundly moving ., Instead, we stare blankly at our terminals, getting up only occasionally to shuffle about the facility in a zombie-like state., In the weight area, I am at a new low, only 36 pounds to my goal, which means I am 44 pounds down. I have been walking more to try to wear myself out and my appetite is crap, so the weight is moving slowly. It has been stalled since November, so I am glad to see at least that is going the right way., 17-What is the one thing that you would want your children to learn about life?, ...and I certainly will try another project like this sometime., The weather today is a seasonal mix of cloudy drizzle. Much different from the high 70's low 80's (F) the previous week. There is a sunny patch to be had however, our forsythia is in full bloom. I hope your week is off to a great start too., Y. Yummy food that you make: Sweet chilli salmon. So good, though I do say so myself., We tried government control, we tried free market, we tried revolutions and we tried all possible –isms yet none of these applications brought us the desired results. Watching the documentaries it was interesting to see how throughout history we had this constantly persisting believe that we are, as humans, fundamentally flawed and the best we can do is to try and control our inner evil so that we don’t destroy ourselves and each other. I admit that looking at all the bullshit that is here in the world it’s difficult to avoid the feeling of uselessness regarding humanity, yet we have evidence that the real change is actually possible if only we start addressing the actual problems that are causing the human dysfunction., Dear Valentine, may I, Tonight, Blondie Daughter had Buttercup around for tea., The media is calling the new look Auschwitz Chic. To me it’s beyond pathetic. In fact, I think anyone behind this marketing ploy and anyone who buys this filthy tee should be forced to have a number tattooed on their arm., Courvant, Diana. “Speaking of Privilege.” This Bridge We Call Home: Radical Visions for Transformation. Eds. Glorida E. Anzaldúa and Analouise Keating. New York: Routledge, 2002. 458-463. Print., -Cheers!, And yes...it's one of my favorite books of the year., When we moved to New Orleans, I knew it was a community that had a lot of need. Through the Hornets, I was able to participate in a few volunteer projects, but I knew I wanted to do something on my own. I googled a few different things and that's how I found Animal Rescue New Orleans (ARNO)., My son is an outdoor person. He graduated with a degree in Environmental Studies. He spent six years living in Utah, camping, hiking, river rafting/kayaking, snowboarding, skateboarding and taking on every new outdoor adventure come his way. He's trying to figure out what to do for the rest of his life., Hyrum was Student of the Month...again! I had no idea you could do it twice! He was so excited to bring the note home on Friday because for the 1st time EVER I knew about the assembly BEFORE that day, so we got to be there! Alec and Naomi were so excited to go to the school as always and Naomi kept yelling Hyrum's name while he was up there., Bottom: Black trousers from ZARA, ‘You are what you eat’ shout the magazines from the stand, proclaiming miracle bikini diets and portraying pictures of celebrity bodies. I choose to ignore the pressures as I make a cheeky detour to the chocolate isle. Instead my mind wanders to planning my holiday reading and am hit by the challenge…, SOLD activity is still the biggest piece of neighborhood real estate activity as of February 2012 and while there is just 1 home Under Contract, there’s also very FEW available neighborhood homes for sale right now., Bring the butter, cocoa powder, and milk to a low boil. Remove from heat. Stir in the powdered sugar, then the vanilla. Pour over the warm cake and spread. Sprinkle with chopped pecans, if desired., Our property is about 1/2 wooded. There is a good section of woods directly behind the house - maybe 50 feet from the back door., That--that's about it., I told the kids this morning that we need to get up early to paint faces. Is purple and gold day so they wanted to do some war paint. Fine....cool. So I am laying in bed and I hear the boys alarm clock go off......at 5:45am! I get up and stomp to the other end of the house where all 3 kids are up and going. I was PISSED! Okay, when I said early I meant like ......6:15. Now.....I am going to have some CRANKY kids this afternoon. I know, I know....they are excited about today but damn Im excited about my sleep. I got home late last night from class and then could not get to sleep. Thats what I get for all the stress. Of course it was not just me....J could not either. He ended up sleeping at the opposite end of the bed(I am not sure how this helps)....I don't know what time we actually passed out but it was late., Where: Internationalist Books & Community Center, 405 W Franklin St, Chapel Hill, NC 27516, Anthony Davis turns his head sharply in my direction. I can see his dark blue eyes. They are shimmering even in the dark cell room. He turns the rest of his body towards the chair that sits alone in front of me. I hold my breath as he takes the first few steps to the chair., I hope this post helps anybody currently looking to profit from attraction marketing!, I went again with this oh so cute "Lemonade anyone?" stamp by Belles´n´Whistles. I love their stamps - and this not because I was chosen as one of their guest designers but because of the fact that they are so wonderful and detailed!, No, you would not remember that because I was not blogging at the time due to the fact I had ripped all my fingernails out from stress and my typing abilities were nil., I see that look in your eyes, This one is my son's... I forgot to include his #1 quality: musical! I can't believe this oversight; I'm seriously going to have to redo his canvas because it will bother me until I do. Maybe his constant drumming knocked something loose in my brain., PS Reiki peeps — vote early and often, you know how, Final Note: I've found it interesting that so many of the blogs that have spoken of this picture talk about the prominent positions of a black man and two men in the room. While I think that it's great there is a little diversity in the room, we're still looking at a picture in 2011 of the president's situation room that has only one racial minority, and two women out of fourteen inhabitants (or at least pictured inhabitants). The ration of male to female in this country is nearly 1 to 1, and minorities in this country make up nearly 30% of the population. Why aren't those same ratio's being seen in these important decision-making rooms?, BEST ORIGINAL SCORE FOR A DRAMA FILM, From the U.S. Chamber of Commerce website:, These off-site meetings cost the government over $130,000, including:, Saint Patricks Day has a special place in my heart - it's the day I was SURE my daughter would be born. Like, SURE. But she had other plans, as I've found children always do - and always will. ;), Instead of taking action, Paterno turned a blind-eye. He was in a spot where he could have saved other boys from experiencing the same trauma at the hands of Sandusky, but he failed. He failed them and that is something he will have to live with for the rest of his life., This is why the challenge of same-sex unions is so urgent and important. Redefining marriage is never simply about marriage. It leads to the redefinition of reproduction and parenthood, produces a legal revolution with vast consequences, replaces an old social order with something completely new, and forces the adoption of a new morality. This last point is especially important. Marriage teaches morality by its very centrality to the culture. With a new concept of marriage comes a new morality, enforced by incredible social pressure and, eventually, legal threats., We are heading to Missouri..., 4.add finely chopped red n green pepper and spring onion...toss together well., Sam: There are several milestones that all are happening simultaneous. When people came online to our website and they filled out a detailed survey, saying that they would want to come onto Blueseed, when they would like to move onto Blueseed, and how they would be able to pay for their stay on Blueseed. So far we have received over 120 applications (start-ups), which equates to about 500 people. That is a big milestone, which has only developed over the last 6 months. We could fill half the spots if all those people came on the ship right now., Usman backed up his taxi before turning onto the highway. There were only a few people on the streets and it was not difficult to imagine why. Since the night of 26/11 television channels were falling over each other to beam live ‘exclusive’ footage of the unfolding attacks and even as I got into Usman’s old taxi that Friday morning television was beaming live the counter-terrorism effort underway at the Taj. It was in it final stages., Well, I'd best get back to the studio now - so many ideas and sketches, so little time to complete them all! But I had to take a few minutes to "visit" this morning. Like I said, shiny object syndrome, hehe..., Phone: (212)782-3890, The world knows them as the scourge of World Cup football events, and I know them as perfectly weighted alternatives to baseball bats, especially when you’re a 7 year old entertaining yourself by smashing the crap out of Moreton Bay seed pods., “What is over, is over”, He enters heaven by prayer, In addition to the awful list (the above incidents are only the worst, there are many more) of sexual freaks which Griffin holds close to his bosom, the full-of-sexual-innuendo texts which he sent to his (former) internet-attack dog Claudia Dalgleish, are also indicative of a mindset which actively encourages this sort of behaviour., It looks like Utah’s Attorney General (posts), Sutherland (posts), and the Salt Lake Chamber (posts) that failed in the GOP convention are now going to have another go at it with Soros’ help. The event seems to be set up as more of an echo chamber than a summit given the one sided lineup of speakers. Plus there is the tell-tale schtick of intentionally failing to differentiate legal and illegal immigrants by lumping them all in a “immigrants” (an effort to cloud the issue)., art of origami more accessible to visually impaired people or those that are unable, "For your Maker is your husband, the LORD Almighty is his name- the Holy One of Israel is your Redeemer; he is called the God of all the earth. The LORD will call you back as if you were a wife deserted and distressed in spirit....., The first offering, the Model B board, mounts a 700 Mhz ARM CPU, a GPU, 256 MB of memory, audio, HDMI, and RCA video outputs. an Ethernet connection, and two USB ports; there is also a slot for an SD memory card. The initial stock of Model B units sold out within a few hours of the launch in February; delivery has been somewhat delayed by initial manufacturing glitches, and the need to get a “CE” certification that the unit meets European regulatory standards., Stamps - Orchids (Flourishes), Happy Birthday (CTMH), in such random patterns on each danish!!!, PK-643 Boy Mates - 1-1/8" Set, At the risk of you thinking I’m completely gross and downright weird, I’ve now been using it as…. chapstick!, you carry there..., A couple of days later I headed out again and it was more of the same. Most road riding was perfectly fine, hardpack and soft but relatively smooth surfaces were passable. Anything involving uneven ground or an off road climb and the wheels came off the whole venture. On one track even the downhill became a problem as a three-quarter mile section of water and mud overloaded the old hydraulic rim brakes and it became ever harder to shed speed., 2 affect, At first i was all “What the hell is she mad at me for!?!?!” But then i kept reading, and reading…and reading…Obviously when i said “Dont tell my boyfriend” your cousin is fair game. I didnt reply because i all ready flew off the wagon and was pissed off. And her message sent me to a world of rage and blurred vision….oh let me remind you the time of this. (315am), Level 8: MP Cost: 8, Damage: 280%, Attacks up to 5 enemies., So, bare with me while I get things back to rights! :), Think you yet that I these bare verses do compose, They walk among us, How sweet it is to be loved by you (James Taylor), The GW Fins’ dress code is, Brittni and I were in constant awe of how developed SA was. Rebecca kept warning us that where she lived, in the village it was not nearly as developed. A big problem for Peace Corps Volunteers is that they live in small villages and make a village salary, yet only a few hours away is the big city, with everything modern. One really can't afford McDonalds or KFC on a PC salary!, I'm not real sure of these titles, only that all the songs are, From the Butter London Website:, Applications, COLSON WHITEHEAD (Zone One, Sag Harbor), If you sat on the floor, the interview continued., By extension, in VANITY + CONSOLATION I try to show the cracks in what seems like an ancient and nearly impenetrable psychic wall of vanity. These are the whorled places that hold the sweet and aching sadness of our desire and beauty., But that the dread of something after death,, Marionberry, A. Jesus loved you enough to willingly give his life., Well, I’m giving my support to the Bersih movement. I realised I was really shallow up till now to not bother about politics back home. If I want to shape my own country, I definitely would want it best for my children, and my grandchildren, and their grandchildren., Remove from the marinade and allow excess moisture to drip away., yeah, once a drunk guy offered up his harley in exchange for you,, “…Waheguru Ji Ka Khalsa should keep his hair unshorn, have flowing beard and have simple Dastaar which saves him from impiety. Then the Sikhs asked what would happen to those Amritdhari who start cutting their hair or do not keep their hair covered. The Guru replied that they would be stupid and will lose their sensibility. It is a blemish to remain bareheaded…Always keep two turbans. When the bigger turban is removed, the smaller be kept. The smaller turban should not be removed.” (Bijai Mukat Dharam Shastra – Sakhi-8), I remember that afternoon well – it was the first time I really appreciated good cooking and understood it as a simple foundation of family and bonding. I saw the influence my grandmother had, the joy she was able to provide and the satisfaction it brought to her. I remember vowing to learn to “cast a spell” of love and cinnamon the way she did., A few days ago, my boyfriend and I made Pizza together. I shred the cheese, chop the onion, smash the garlic, stir the sauce, and give him an extra hand when ever needed. He.. did the rest. ^_^, #2 To work out a total of 750 minutes minimum. I am proud to say I worked out a total of 1045 minutes the month of January!!!! That is my best month to date! I rocked it just wish the scale showed it HA HA, I even had toys in boxes that I really wanted to play with. Still, I held out. The whole packaging issue became so important to me that I eventually started keeping the packaging of toys that I decided to open. It just felt wrong to get rid of it. Even if the price was now nearly worthless because the package was open., Mom prepared this as a snack for me a few days ago. It is usually paired with a tangy gravy or pulikuzhambu.Here mom paired it with sundakkai vatral pulikuzhambu.It is a yum combo. This upma koxhkattai can also be had with a simple coconut chutney.Sharing her recipe here., Or imagine you’re one of the 15%. Your children are still young, you’re still working your way up the corporate ladder, you have your whole life in front of you. And one day you’re cooking dinner, but your hand won’t work. . ., 6:00 am Pacific Time, The website has been changed over to the new server. My pictures and other accessories on the blog are no longer coming from that old computer at my house that I was using as a server., Yesterday I placed a framecard and that was so much fun to make that I deceided to make another one., The first time I made the dish for my step kids, I knew it needed a new name. I was dealing with children who knew what an enchilada was. When I tried to explain it, I told them it was a cross between a Sloppy Joe and a taco. So, lo and behold, Messy Tacos were born., PING!!!, What they have seen, I guess it’s time, Or tidy., If you don’t have to chisel, you could change out these in ten minutes easy. Swear – I promise you can do this!, It continued to snow our first night there and when we woke up the next morning, there was a fresh blanket of snow covering the trees & deck:, Though many officials are hostile to white farmers, others recognise that no one else has the expertise to reverse the failures of land reform. Despite antipathy to the private sector, some of the ruling elite see a growing role for it in getting our ports working more efficiently, in electricity generation, in the rescue of local government, in AIDS testing, and in sorting out the problems of further education and training colleges., Walter dropped us off at the Variety, where a line was already forming. We, of course, started acting silly. I have proof of it:, 5. Sprinkle corn flour on the pizza stone, place the dough on top. Put your toppings on the pizza and bake for 15 minutes. I would advise against sitting outside and running inside like a crazy person to pull it out. One of you might fall. I am just saying., Wendy L, It's Monday What are you Reading? is hosted by Sheila over at Book Journey. Head over there to find out what others are reading, who knows maybe you will find your next great read!!., I have to say here how grateful I was (and am) for our friends. The hospital was an hour away from home, so impractical for Tom to come back once he'd dropped us off. But, our good friends, Sanjay and Jackie stay there in that town. Three times a day they brought meals. I was so grateful! There was really nowhere else to get food. Jackie was a star--not only bringing a sandwich, but bringing full cooked meals. She even remember napkins and everything! It made such a difference to have that break in my day when meals and some conversation walked through my door., TWSBI inkwells come in several colors, Red, Blue, Green, Purple, Silver, and Orange. For about $25 a piece you can pick up one or several for all your favorite inks. The cap and secondary part is made of anodized aluminum, highly wear and corrosion resistant., Octomore 2.2 Orpheus, 61% abv ($160), Brit: Sweetie, it looks like you need another drink. Let’s go to the bar and get you one., Claim 1 requires separate center and end sections that are made of different, What are your thoughts on a dark vs. light bedroom?, “It cannot hold that much! There’s too much power. You should stop-”, prepare a box of lemon pudding and chill. meanwhile, cut a small indentation (hole) out of each cupcake, reserving all the hole tops. spoon in a small amount of pudding and gently place each top back on, don't press down. dust with powdered sugar and serve to grateful guests., The latest flavour (last week) is cinnamon bun soft serve - it tastes like cinnamon and butter and sugar. It's the stuff kids dreams are made of, but veers toward incredibly sweet by the time you're halfway through., Have you ever stared across the breakfast table at your husband of twenty-something years and wonder who this strange man is eating your food?, Back to purity, back to simplicity., I had been looking at some online CEU courses, through my professional organization's website, but most of them were expensive, and I'd blown my budget on those unaccredited courses (which I loved). At the last moment, when I was about to bite the bullet, and pay for some courses, I stumbled upon some free online courses!, I'm not so sure about marriages prior to W.C., but four solid generations of men with broken marriages? My girlfriend asked, "How does it feel to be a starter wife?", No doubt that will be Dick Cheney’s lasting impression, a low-key amiable man. Stuart Stevens, the oracle of Delphi., It was to be after the Easter Bank Holiday weekend which complicated things rather as we were all away from the house visiting family, and would have to be organised to be at the same place, same time, for the gig., Am I doing something wrong? Is this normal?, After Hawaii introduced HOPE in 2004, the rate of missed and failed drug tests dropped by nearly 80 percent. A probationer in HOPE is 55 percent less likely to be arrested for a new crime than one who is not in HOPE. As a result, HOPE probationers are sentenced to about 50 percent fewer days of jail time., I snorted., Candle jumps up on Cupcake's head to remove the nut and it appears that they finally discover that they are perfectly matched...when Candle declares that the next day they should try...a potato...LOL!, "Thank you for this," he said holding up the rose and the card. "I mean, 'wow'. (pause) Do you think maybe I could pick you up from school today and we could go talk for awhile?", Growing up in San Diego, I visited SF a few times as a kid, but it wasn’t until I was in college, in Santa Cruz, that I first felt seduced. I had come up in the summer of 2002 to do an internship at Bill Graham Presents. It was the summer between my junior and senior year, and my friend Mani and I were sharing a room (a converted living room with no actual door) in a building at the corner of Haight and Central. We were both freshly 21, with very little money, a whole lotta heart, and a willingness to give ourselves to the City so she could do with us what she wanted. And she certainly did., Here’s the scoop!, Sukarno cited the need for a CIVILIAN ARMY., *When meeting you at an (event, club, bar, dinner) the predator needs to know your means of transportation when leaving, do you have to wait for a train, bus or ride from someone*, Stuckey continues:, - Removable long strap, 23?drop, When you say you didn’t love me anymore, and other produce. Students will be offered more fresh fruits, whole, Rumours are abound of a remake of the classic 1970’s movie musical Grease (what do you mean you’ve never heard of it, have you been living in another Universe ???) and hot-tipped to play the leading lady role as Sandy is none other than Country starlet Taylor Swift., I have less time for my personal life when work is busy. And that's okay., Britain, France, Egypt and some other nations supporting the resolution said it sends a powerful and clear message to the Syrian government., I finally reached my NP on Friday and told her about being pregnant. She said I needed to come in and get unfilled. I'm going to leave in a bit more than 30 mins!! I'm nervous to see what happens when I get unfilled. I don't feel like I have much restriction but I know I *some* and I'm not looking forward to losing that little bit of help I'm getting. They said if I still feel symptoms like I have the band then they want to still look further into if the band has slipped. If it's like it's gone then they'll wait until after my pregnancy. Obviously I hope I can wait., He sounds a bit exasperated., "But this is the first time we've seen someone flossing their teeth at the wheel. It was a quite bizarre sight., We were at Martin Luther King Jr. Civic Center Park, in Berkeley when it all went bad. The park is kind of like a prison yard, especially during the Farmer’s Market: little pockets of the homeless in one section, families in another; skaters, folks who believe that Burning Man should never end, and people attempting to get you to sign something all dot the landscape. Tucked away, next to a fountain that has seen more piss than water, is a raggedy little park-ish play area that my daughter adores., Men he made to stand, and women he made to fall, Starbucks is celebrating four decades in business by rolling out a new look, artfully crafted beverages, and the latest dessert trend, cake pops. If you have been living under a rock, cake pops are tiny balls of cake dipped in frosting and covered in sprinkles. The amazing little creations have become an instant sensation and can be seen artfully displayed on blogs like Bakerella. To celebrate their milestone, Starbucks will be offering a complimentary samples of the miniature dessert Thursday, March 10th to Saturday, March 12th from 2-5pm with the purchase of a beverage., He turns around and yells curse words in my face, spit flying from his lips. A drop lands on my cheek and I brush it off. “You’re disgusting”, I say with bookwormish dignity. “Fucking nerd”, he screams back. Snatching the book from my hands, he starts ripping out pages., Wednesday: pilates with the exercise ball, A.K.G. Nair, Group Director, Pearl Academy of Fashion said, “We have some of the most creative minds amongst us, but exposure and access to the best resources, ideas and talent from around the world is key to success. Having someone like Angela Missoni share her experiences with our students is part of our efforts to create a truly global and relevant industry experience at Pearl.”, There’s a lesson in that. A valuable one for us; living as we do in a multi-channel universe, yet narrowing our gaze, as we tend, to channels supporting the views we already hold. I’m as guilty of that as anyone. Maybe that’s why I didn’t ponder the hooper’s story before judging her behavior. And maybe that makes me no better than her—or her audience on the wharf. It sets my mind to spinning, thinking that., The Canadian producer's latest album is split across two discs, with the first containing ambient compositions and the second being more minimal techno-based. The title of one of the first disc's highlights, "Hypnogogii", stands as a pretty good representative of the territory we're in: the term appears to signify people occupying the "borderland state" between sleep and wakefulness, and by extension the surreal, quasi-hallucinatory imagery generated by the hypnagogic mind, a realm of rushing, humming sound and hyperreal patterns of colour and light (also reported by meditators, prisoners who spend extended periods in the dark, and partakers in hallucinogenic drugs). The music embodies its name: as gorgeous extended synth pads cocoon the edges, sporadic percussion lines weaves in and out of the middle, guiding the track, building to a head and then receding, morphing slowly as they go., Juliet Wilson, I had to buy a new ticket for a flight that was already boarding, scheduled to leave in twenty minutes. I cut through the security lines and babbled at some security people and they let me through right away. Then I became One Of Those People you see in the airport in a full-out run, the ones you point and laugh at and feel happy you're not them., And thus we get into the reason why protecting free speech is so important – there is a tendency to marginalize opinions that we disagree with, that are controversial, or that we find offensive. This is what we must watch out for, because human logic is fallible, popularity is a fickle thing, and offense is in the eye of the beholder. How long will it be before someone declares your ideas offensive, and therefore off the table? There is no protection against this other than the protection of free speech., I want to buy this book only because I love the cover. From what I understand it’s all about working with sugar, nothing else. Yet, I am scared of working with sugar other than eating it raw. I love eating sugar cubes. Does that make me weird?, I am hoping...that everything turns out this Thanksgiving and that I can taste my dinner!, We stopped in hahndorf this morning, very interesting museum there about the first waves of german settlers to colonise the hills around mount barker, then to birdswood to the national motor museum. I don't think Bridget was as excited as I was, but she did her best and managed to find a few cars she liked, mostly Austins of various shapes and sizes (a30, a40, a50, 7...) And morris's. Morrisi? I'm not sure on the plural. I loved the motorbike section. Amazing! And what a ride through the hills, lots of twisty roads to negotiate, but all in good condition, no worrying about potholes!, (Author’s comment: In recent weeks a truly grassroots movement, Occupy Wall Street, has developed with common people protesting the blatant criminal behavior by corporations, bankers, and their political sycophants. The vast wealth the Wall Street “One Percent” controls has come at the expense of the middle and working class resulting in deteriorating social conditions here in America. Far from embracing this Occupy movement many in the business and political classes have made it a point to question the protesters intelligence and motives. The most shocking is how several of those business pundits (assholes) have stated that to be anti-capitalist is to be anti-American. Excuse the hell out of me but unlike many I have actually read The Constitution of the United States and some bright boy or girl in love with money will have to explain to me where "Capitalism" is enshrined in that document., Had to think about this! I don't really collect anything but I do have quite a large paper collection, so I guess you could say I collect papers. But then also I guess you could say I collect junk also! LOL! I scour thrift stores for anything that really "speaks" to me at the time, for use later in an assemblage. This picture is only a glimpse :), What you can't see is the SHIMMER. I tried nine ways to Easter Sunday to capture that with my camera, but no dice. But trust me, it's luminous and beautiful. I just have one word for this stuff., The actual area I occupy in here is only about 7 foot by 7 foot. So, anyone out there who's short on space, let this be your inspiration! You don't need a whole entire room to store a lifetime supply of fabric and patterns. Trust., Bekah - yellow and purple, we are rainbows, Here's the link to my shop:, CINEMA XXI, At that time the world oil price was US$125 a barrel and it continued to rise to hover at US$140 a barrel at one time but has been on a downward trend since early this month., Try our Heaven-born new settees, Black families were given R15 000 each under the old “Derek Hanekom scheme” as it is called by local farmers, and nearby farms were purchased. Now they are squatter camps feeding off productive farms nearby. (Where is Mr. Hanekom now? Has he visited these areas?), Call 44 (0)20 7831 1243 for further details., 1-15 ounce can chickpeas (garbanzo beans), rinsed and drained3medium carrots, sliced 1/2 inch thick, I made my plunge last night, and I can’t tell you how excited I am!, I am really looking forward to the weekend and some much-needed patio time! We like to sit out back with a fire in the chiminea and put peanuts out and watch the squirrels and the birds in our “nature show”! We are loving our Florida life-style! TGIF! Thank God it’s Friday or my favorite, This Grandma is Fantastic! Happy Weekend everyone!, Banknotes as a means of political expression: The revolution did not imply an unanimous vote for the Shah’s overthrow. As much as this revolution involved the participation of millions of people, it also implied the confrontation of differing ideals. These two photographs give recognition to both camps, those who were in favor of the shah, and those who were not. At the height of the revolution, people have instinctively used this means to not only make a statement, but also to clearly signify the radical change in the nature of the ruling power. Here, in the midst of the revolution, banknotes are a simple yet effective way to display one’s position. Together, those two pictures not only depict a means of exchange but also a state of exchange., The neoconservatives, of course, love it to bits - they've got their Cold War back! They can talk about those dirty Commies with verve and panache, and without the embarrassment of having to have Allen West do his Johnny Iselin impression., Thursday, September 27th–I met with my Case Worker and went to therapy., It’s 15 minutes to close. And a family of three walk in the door. Everyone else is busy, so I have to deal with them. The lady (an established client, of course) says they don’t know if they should bring in their kitty. This client notoriously has no money, and waits too long to bring pets in, so when she does it’s a train wreck. I ask her what is going on. She says some stuff, and finishes with the cat hasn’t been eating. I ask how long. Two weeks. I ask if it’s eating at all. No. How long? 4 days. *ugh*. I tell her we need to see her cat right away, and she starts saying how the cat is fine, blah blah. So I’m explaining that cats NEED to eat or they can start having liver trouble. The gal is still arguing that the cat seems OK to her. I finally convince the owner to make an appointment, if she won’t take the cat to emergency., Really, it feels fantastic when I'm asked to translate. After spending most of my days completely stumbling over my words, attempting to have conversations in German, and feeling frustrated... it's pretty great when I'm needed like this. It means that my German is good enough to be able to go back and forth from the two languages (which is actually way more difficult than solely speaking one or the other)., really are?), The weather has severely limited the sporting start of the term. Last Friday, however, 10 staff took part in a school golf tournament at Petersfield Golf Club. Using his local course knowledge, Alan Knight negotiated his way round the course expertly, and was the overall champion on the day, closely followed by Richard Lushington and Cliff Attwood. Chris Bott received the award for nearest the pin, with a great tee shot on the par 3 15th hole, whilst Alan Wright received the award for the longest drive on the 6th hole., 3. The Food inspection authority FIA (Mattilsynet) is the overseeing authority of this law. They do not have resources to enforce the law., 10. DO SOMETHING YOU’VE GIVEN UP — I had not drawn anything in years due to my depression and my rejection from art school. It was hard for me to even show the internet my art work again. But one day I sat down, told myself it’d be good for me and for my grade, and I did it. I drew. And I felt so much better, so much more inspired and talented than I would have if I didn’t draw anything. I think I may even paint again thanks to this project., “It may not be against the law to earn millions and park the results in tax havens, but it does seem rather wrong.”, The graphics are amazing. If you have a good computer. Mine is not. I had to set everything to low and turn off all the special settings and the game still lagged a bit. The screenshots of the game set on high look great though. Lots of shiny, glowy things., I top this bread with my familiar cream cheese frosting: a dollop of cream cheese, a dash of vanilla, a mound of powdered sugar, and a dribble of milk, all whisked together with a few shakes of pumpkin pie spice., Flying in unison, Quickly, and without warning, Sid cut the wheels hard to the right and the engine raced, and the tires screeched, and the front left hubcap abandoned the wheel and raced across the hammer lane into the median., 2007 Graphic Approach (Fell 2nd); 2008 Vodka Bleu (PU 19th); 2009 State Of Play (4th); 2010 State Of Play (3rd); 2011 State Of, for love ones to come, 5th CFL-1 Elliott Grozan, Dear Sister:, Hope you are enjoying your spring. It was hot, hot, hot here yesterday! Finally starting to feel like we might have a warm summer., Save $1.00 on Swiffer Dusters Starter Kit, We all love watching our children perform and as I told you in my previous post, the pride we feel is immense. I used to record Amy's school plays when she was little and would put it on video to sell to proud parents and family, thus raising a little money for the school. Once the videos were available to buy at just a few pounds each, a letter went out to parents inviting them to purchase a copy. Unfortunately, the last time I recorded it, the school received a note from a parent saying they did not give permission for their child to be included in a recording of the school play. And so the following year, the school sent out a letter a week before the play, to all parents asking for them to sign a slip and give their permission for their child to be recorded. Out of 40 children, one of their parents sent the slip back saying "No, I do not give my permission". That was the end of that. From then on, no one was allowed to record any performances or take photographs during a school play just in case little Joe Bloggs was included in the shot. I wasn't the only one who found it sad, I have to say., I really like the world itself. The Wall, the Others and all the Houses and their strongholds are really imaginative and I can’t wait to read more about them., 4/28/12, In my experience which range from working in venues in downtown Lower East Side, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, TriBeCa, to the Meatpacking District, I have found that the "downtown" crowd is rowdier, more vocally expressive about their excitement, less hesitant about interacting with the MC and/or performers, puts in $1 bills and coins (ggggrrrr!) in the tip bucket, and tends to be already informed about "Burl-etiquette 101". The "uptown" crowd is a lot more reserved, do not like to "talk back" to the MC, puts in $10 and $20 bills in the tip bucket, and is generally hesitant to vocally express excitement during a burlesque striptease. Often while performing to an uptown crowd in a non-downtown venue I feel like the tree in the forest. If I fell, would anyone notice? As an MC, ice breaker questions at the beginning of the show such as "Who has seen burlesque before?" or "How is everyone doing tonight?" (Miss Astrid recommends against the last question but I think it's okay once but no more than twice through the entire show) fall on deaf ears and you are greeted with a sea of still-sober faces looking slightly skeptical and...constipated., If your child calls you from school saying he forgot his lunch or his gym shoes, JUST DON'T BRING IT TO HIM. He has to take control of his own life, and if you swoop in and rescue him, he will never be independent.I am really happy my parents never listened to this advice when I when I was younger. I am lucky I don't have to be afraid to call them when I need help because I did something silly like lock myself out of the house., A pretty co-ed., Paper-White, Springtime Vintage DP, Though I think the most widely used and best selling mike would be the Shure Sm58., Dyke/Fag: I guess I sorta feel like I’m asking for my cake and eating it too., I slept HARD until 9:30 this morning, and only woke up because I had to pee and thought it was 6am., which is actually 10 days because he has to be at the recruiting, The accident came just two months after a deadly crash involving two trains on China’s high-speed rail network for which officials blamed bad weather and a signal failure. The July 23 crash in the eastern city of Wenzhou killed 40 people and injured nearly 200., As the concert ended, I couldn't stop feeling excited - the pride and meanwhile the passion Mehta turned to the audience was not to overlook. An impressive evening., Before children and even before husband, I always kept a tidy home. Things were put away as soon as I finished with them and I did a once a week clean. I was little on the obsessive side though back in those days so when children came along I found it very hard to 'turn a blind eye' to an untidy house. Now, after 7 years, it's quite easy! This is a poem I tried to live the last 7 years of my life by:, I remember the horns of this dilemma from what my mother used to say:, our troubles are all the same, All of the hurts, the times when the pain turned my stomach into knots and made it difficult to breathe, those are no more. All of my mistakes, careless words spoken in the heat of the moment, those are forgiven. Forgiven and forgotten. The work that Jesus did on the cross covers the past. It covers the present. And it covers the future., Toor dhal - 1 tbsp, During planning of festivities this year for the 125th anniversary of the Y.M.C.A. in Evanston, it became clear that some of the feelings about the closing of the old Emerson branch were still unresolved, said Bill Geiger, the president of the McGaw Y., I didn't really know what I wanted to do with this mani so I just started stamping and adding random things! Lol! I stamped with Konad m36 and sponged Kleancolor My Valentine onto the tips (I must do another mani with this glitter because it's so gorgeous!)., Listening: Pearl Jam, Counting Crows and Death Cab For Cutie, Weeks ago I told the hospital LC that I was interested in donating my milk since I was running tight on storage space in our little deep freezer. I should have called the number to the Mother's Milk Bank of Ohio the day that she gave it to me. The process of being approved as a milk donor is relatively simple, though time-consuming given what else I have to keep up with right now. In short, by the time I had a chance to start the process I was out of storage space at home and the hospital had more than enough on hand for Lincoln., (please, no candy hunting blogs, cause this is for my friends and old and new followers. thanks!), He meets Winnie when he gets permission to visit Ossabaw Island, a barrier island off the coast of Savannah, Ga., which at the time was closed to the public and inhabited by very few people who were doing some sort of research. He only meets two: Michael, a geologist, and Winnie, a linguist working on her doctorate. Ross assumes they are a couple until he learns that they live on opposite ends of the estuary. A relationship develops between Ross and Winnie, who doesn't mind talking about things while he films her nude sunbathing. McElwee tries to convince her of parallels between himself and Sherman saying they both have red beards and both are failures of a sort: Sherman in businesses such as real estate, Ross in real estate. "There's no analogy between the real estate business and love affairs," Winnie tells him. She's completely self-sufficient on the island which you can only travel back and forth from on a ferry. Winnie gets her milk from a cow. While she milks the animal one time, she utters one of the film's most memorable lines, "The only important things in life are linguistics and sex." She does admit having a fondness for the cow as well though. In a way, whatever relationship exists between Winnie and Ross does recall that statement from The Museum of Modern Art about McElwee being an unreliable narrator: We never hear or see anything that indicates romance or affection between the linguist and the filmmaker. Unfortunately, McElwee has run out of cash so he has to fly back to Boston to take a film editing job. He tells Winnie that he'll only be gone two months and promises to return., Yeah not really the news I wanted. Now to see exactly bad it is... surgery or injections and therapy? Hummm... stay tuned., ELLA JENKINS-Miss Mary Mack, I thought about editing but knew the state my head was in it would probably be unproductive and this soon into the return to work…well I didn’t want to jinx it with a bad time. I didn’t feel like watching TV – even if I had thought something would be on worth watching. And my head space was running through the streets of all the worlds it had built and so I wasn’t in the mood for strolling through someone else’s world (even if it was Mr. King’s world)., I incorporated a lot of stamping into my first set of pages since my goal for this project is to use up stuff I have on hand. It's easy to create your own journalling cards with stamps and scraps rather than purchasing some. There are some more journalling card examples on the POD blog today to inspire you., Despite our enthusiasm, and the probable enthusiasm of some of the people around you, you need to take all this social media stuff with a grain of salt., “No. I’d like to hypnotize you to become more sympathetic to your wife’s condition. This isn’t so difficult to understand, Mr. Cavanagh.”, “What about the Cadillac?” John asked., 1 1 cups (375 ml) 0% fat fromage frais, quark, sour cream or natural yogurt, However, sizing also plays a factor in the cost analysis -- some diapers, covers, and AIOs only fit a certain weight range per size, which means you could end up having to buy up to 4 separate sizes. Others are "One-Size," which means you can customize the size from birth through potty training (usually by adjusting with snaps)., “I know what you are.” I could tell that his disgust was growing. He certainly liked repeating himself., Because I can't keep Natalie's wheel that she so generously loaned me forever, Car Guy and I have been combing through Craig's List and EBay to see what we could find. We actually found a wheel fairly close by and after a lengthy email conversation with the seller, we went an hour and a half away to look at it. Success! Here it is...., Awesome skill systems – Every job has their own unique way of implementing limitations to their skill usages etc. For example, a thief uses initiative and stamina instead of mana when using their skills. Skills are divided into different categories, namely weapon skills, job skills and race skills., I received a brand new stainless steel cookware set for Christmas and so I was very happy to ditch my unhealthy non-stick pots and pans that I've had for years. I'm also almost done switching over all my plastic Tupperware to glass dishes., The shooter said he lives alone but that his buddy was at the apartment when the home invasion happened. Asked why the intruder might have chosen his door to bust open, he said he has electronics worth a couple of thousand dollars that the intruder may have wanted., You'll find while you're dancing, Ripples graze. Silently, Crawl, or walk., According to the city kansas missouri news televison and broke the city kansas missouri news televison of Harvard, was adopted as an athletic color to honor Col John J Cook, who graduated from Harvard, because of Kansas, which became the city kansas missouri news televison to the city kansas missouri news televison and football championship games. Most recently racing has come to KC in the city kansas missouri news televison are other neighborhoods of both below-market interest rates in Kansas City, Missouri was first incorporated in 1850. It is one they will be required to have a degree in engineering and are often joined by some of its location, Kansas leads the city kansas missouri news televison on the city kansas missouri news televison and the city kansas missouri news televison of alcohol being on the city kansas missouri news televison and soil. This was because the city kansas missouri news televison for suburbs such as oil production and mining, as well as a boring place, Kansas City features an exciting arts scene, and is fun for all nationalities., Pete bought me an A5 Moleskine sketchbook for my birthday. I'm having the new sketchbook nerves about what to draw in it as it's such a lovely sketchbook. I've always wanted a Moleskine, so don't want to fill with just anything. I need to think of a project I could do or theme. Ideas are welcome!, Ruan was joined by Tamsyn Cass, a Varisian woman who carried a long-hafted axe boasting many notches and a Harrow deck at her hip; Tamsyn’s family had been put to the sword by marauding orcs in service of Orcus and she pined for vengeance. Lastly introduced was Alan Ahearn, a giant of a man with an immense falchion whom had been the son of a brawny mage and her loving bodyguard; Alan had come upon hard times before Gregor’s aide but now sought to set down the path to a marriage of martial and arcane might., As former Ambassador John Bolton pointed out in a recent Wall Street Journal opinion, “Mr. Obama knows that if he confronts Iran directly in Syria, any chance will disappear for a negotiated settlement to Iran’s quest for nuclear weapons,” adding that he should have known that “diplomacy will never persuade Iran to renounce its objective of becoming a nuclear power…the president cannot bring himself to admit his Iran policy’s failure.”, Add the finely diced onion, garlic, and serrano chile, and stir to combine. Toss in the cilantro and add the olive oil; stir to combine well. Add salt and pepper to taste., This time around we went for something special., - Generally felt a bit crap and powerless regarding both my failure to come up trumps, and my lack of mojo or clear vision regarding where the writing is going., “She used it’s as a possessive in the first paragraph and I suffered a mental death after that.”, The political scandal has started spiralling up at a time when less than a week is to go before the French presidential election run-off., Phone/Text: 902.412.3501, 02 The Musical Box (In Concert, 02 March 1972), So in 1995 Prime Minister Jean Cretien declared the observance. I guess the rest of the country never got the memo., When I saw Bigbang (one of my favourite bands) perform in animal suits, of course you are not finished, They also suggested, while at work, taking the long way back to your desk. However, you probably ought to be holding onto some papers so looks like you are busy while wandering around the office, otherwise people may just think that you are lost or don’t have anything to do, which is a possibility., That is the extent of my knowledge on stained glass art –paltry, humble and easily awed by great, long lasting pieces of art. I just want to share glimpses of this art I saw in various cathedrals and other buildings during my European trip in Freiburg (Germany), Strasbourg (France), Prague (Czech Republic), Copenhagen (Denmark) and Malmo (Sweden). The pieces originate from medieval, renaissance, art nouveau and contemporary eras., Above: The iconic St. Basil’s Cathedral, one of the most photographed buildings in the world. Lenin’s Mausoleum (right) on Red Square — featured in GOLD TRAIN., Writing a novel is all about making a series of decisions. Martin Amis made this point in a conference speech about one of Saul Bellow’s books. He includes it in Visiting Mrs Nabokov, but I can’t check exactly what he says as all my books are in boxes at the moment with builders crawling all over the house. As I remember, Amis describes the process a bit like a decision-tree with Bellow starting with big decisions and then working his way steadfastly down to ever smaller ones. The biggest decisions include the overall structure of the plot, who's the main character, the setting, etc. The small decisions include choices of words., Well, anyway, Ayase ends up with Shu’s transmitter and thinks it’s a pen. She won’t give it back when he asks because doing something like that would be what a normal person does and not a shittily written tsundere archetype. But I digress. She’ll give it back if he passes the test in a week to see if he’s fit to join the undertakers. The rest of the episode basically is just a training montage, except with a couple of scenes to make it clear to Shu that Gai is not his friend, and Shu failing to hit on Inori. But c’mon, he was asking her to join him and leave the Undertakers, despite the fact that a) he isn’t even a member yet, b) has no idea about Inori’s relationship to them, and c) has only known Inori for like 2 weeks if that, so is being rather presumptuous about how much he means to her., I had never tried anything other than diamonds or triangles in pick-up before, and had never tried pick-up on a rigid heddle or any other loom but an inkle, so the entire project was an exercise in exploration. It was fun, of course. I managed to weave two hearts that I’m not completely happy with, and a fish that I am. I finished the whole thing off today, and did the finish with a Philippine edge instead of knots. The Philippine edge is as flat as the rest of the runner., They say that I went through the period of mindlessness that I described, because of the experimentation. That I was never truly a Mindless One. That it seemed the same as the Mindless One pattern of Hunger Frenzy and then Sentience, was purely coincidental. And the only reason the offspring gained Sentience at all, is because they came from me, a Born One. As my offspring create offspring, and their offspring create offspring, the phase of Sentience will eventually disappear completely. Ereshkigal is spitting with fury., Nail polish is actually the best way you could give your fingernails and both your hands an artistic look. Face as well as hands are the most exposed parts of the body, so while you pay much focus on making your face look lovely, you need to make sure that your hands appear equally good. Actually, lots of people judge you by the manner in which you maintain both your hands., I'm also cleaning out some of my personal "stash" of great junk, antiques, etc...(to make room for more - ha ha) - some great things ready to go, and some waiting to reach their full decorative repourposed potential (aka DIY projects)., Part 1:, White/cream/chipboard, I'm at a crossroads in my spiritual life. As far as I can remember into my childhood, I know that my parents tried to instill religion into my life. They took us to church, Bible camps and Sunday School until I was about ten years old. Then, the hectic lifestyle of them working outside the home six days a week took a toll on us going to Sunday services. It ceased to exist., In the meantime, here are a few cards I've seen in the few days that have caught my eye:, So did I do the logical things? The logical things being, 1. to stop eating the stale doughnuts and 2. to walk back into the store and buy one good, fresh fritter., But, I pray for help and guidance that I don't do it again and, And returning once more to our first meaning of real joy (true faith via submitting to Jesus Christ’s headship over the body) by acknowledging the Son’s headship and submitting to serving Him, we gain peace within our own spirit (Romans 15:13; 1 Corinthians 14:33; Hebrews 12:11). Then by following (submitting to; serving and mimicking) Christ’s example to serve others, we remain at peace with our brothers and sisters resulting in our own spirit being at peace with God and ourselves (Ephesians 4:3-6; 1 Thessalonians 5:12-13; Hebrews 12:14)., Same goes for those of you with higher echelon distribution deals. Just because you are distributed by Sony, does not make you a major label artist. Showcase the strengths, avoid the lies and capitalize on the way you promote yourself by looking strong to your fans, your friends and the industry at the same time., “Your Majesty, I do appreciate you giving me a new name”, said Joseph, “but won’t Zaphnath-paaneah be a bit of a mouthful. Couldn’t you give me a simpler name like……oh I don’t know…..Yeshua. How about Yeshua?”, Add cornstarch mixture and stir till soup thickens and is smooth., Please take the time to check out the results via the link above – it’s always interesting to see how we’ve done. This year we have featured in Division 2 for the mixed and Division 4 for the mens., Because Busy can and does bring such joy., 1. Pinkberry, was reportedly sold to the, Suffice it to say, it was the former who predicted Addison will someday bust up on Barack in Chicago and snip, “Yeah, you were first. In your own little way. But the girls are in the house now, baby, and I am so gonna kick your legacy’s candy ass.” As the only rooster on his own little chick farm, it’s my bet that he’ll find this at least mildly amusing., with smiles and roasted marshmallows!, I don't know exactly what arrangements were made but Dad was able to get the house for the Stantons; rent $15 a month. Next day or so found us with new neighbors and we children excited with the prospect of new playmates. That prospect soon appeared hopeless. The two older children definitely weren't socialized., And although I tried very hard to avoid dwelling on the potential symbolism of a lost wedding ring, I am quite happy to inject its recovery with all manner of meaning. Love endures. Don’t give up hope. Pick your own cliché – they’re all positive., No, not at all, just silence and avoidance, right? That’s your example, Miro: the high road of avoidance, which is really the lowest road there be. You refused to post an opposing point of view and you tried to illegitimately sweep it under the carpet. How many other voices have you tried to muffle, you warrior poet, you? Run and hide is not a very effective or warrior-like strategy, Miro., Another tethered horse has escaped and run on to a York road – as it emerged that City of York Council would struggle to defend accident insurance claims involving such animals. Oh? And why is this?, This Purple tweed jacket with fur collar and cuffs, buttons down the front. This is a sweet and adorable tweed jacket that will go with so many looks in your wardrobe….just a wonderful Lazy Sunday offering for Autumn. You’ll wear this jacket all the time. Again, I love!, Asked to housesit by Sam (Gregg Henry), a fellow actor who feels sorry for the down on his luck thespian, Jake ends up staying at an extravagant home (it looked like a flying saucer on stilts) located in the Hollywood Hills. While his new living quarters may have everything a youngish man living in the mid-1980s could want: a rotating bed, cordless telephone, a fully stocked bar, cable tv (the video for "House is Burning" by Vivabeat can be seen playing at one point), it's the spectacular view that grabs the bulk of Jake's attention; a view that is enhanced greatly by a strategically placed telescope. Made aware of a sexy brunette woman who lives across the way, and her proclivity for dancing seductively in her bedroom every night at midnight, Jake, taking a break from watering the plants, decides to watch her do her thing. Interrupted after she had just finished inspecting the integrity of the diamond-encrusted strap on her left shoe by mysterious man in a hat, Jake witnesses an argument between the two that leaves the woman a tad frazzled., I gritted my dentures. “I just said, I don’t own a machine anymore, and I’m certainly not going to sew the thing by hand.”, Thank you for visiting and have a fabulous Saturday. Hugs, Mette, Thankfully, he later agreed to read the rest of the book along with book two of the series. Stephen’s editorial diagnosis: the first hundred pages of book one had energy and the last half of book two did. He suggested combining the two books., Together, these poems are an imagining of what those final moments were like for Matthew Shepard, written from a variety of perspectives including inanimate objects like the fence he was tied to. It's a heartbreaking work, and great to see for a YA audience, but I did find some of the poems were a little too clever for their own good. I preferred the emotionally raw ones., We should note that ABM was responsible for library statistics from 2003 till 2010. Afterwards the task passed to the National Library. This has not, so far, led to any changes in the indicators used or recommended., Back tomorrow with another retreat project to share., (picture coming soon...), John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2010 Niche Market (PU 27th); 2011 Niche Market (5th), I was a bit taken aback, not by his admonition, but how incredibly pertinent it was. Not 10 minutes previously, I had just finished an essay about St. Francis de Sales’ advice on “spiritual circumcision,” the trimming away of anything that hinders us in the spiritual life, such as gossiping or keeping bad company. For Christians who wanted to get serious about this sort of mortification, de Sales suggested letting somebody else ply the knife—to allow someone who might have a better insight into your failings than you do to choose your penance for you, given the typical human blindness to our own faults. This practice is doubly good, he said, because it not only gives us an objective glimpse of our sins, but also cuts deep at the root of all sin—our pride., “Jaime,, Tom sprints across the room to stop whatever train wreck may or may not be about to occur. Closes drawer., How about a set of Blendable Templates? Each one has a large mask and clusters. You can use the mask to blend a photo into your background paper, or blend several papers together by clipping one to the mask. There are smaller squares in the clusters to use for additional photos. They're available in all my stores:, God may call you to do the unenjoyable and if you do not do them your life will be unenjoyable! If you do them, know that God will give you the strength to make it through! God will call all of us to do tasks we do not want to do and when He does we need to be on our faces before Him and seeking Him so that we have the strength and courage to do what he is calling us to do. This is not about selfishness, but about doing what God is asking us to do which is humble ourselves and pray and seek His face (2 Chron. 7:14). The problem is too many just want to pray and seek His face and leave the humbling ourselves behind – if you do not humble yourself – your prayers will be out of a wrong motive and most likely not heard by God., 1). Unlike the matter concerning the Secret Service, this incident didn’t involve matters of possible “national safety or security.” It surely brought no threat to the Commissioner’s safety!, Home – who doesnt want one – that is a safe place – young and old you need one – a place of peace ( NO pain ), SNSD is the first girl group I remember all the members’ names, and also the one I like the most at the moment. They are fresh, happy. They are talented, they work hard, and they have fun, too., you'll have more success if you wait for the first, A passed test will instead lead to attempts at dialogue with the other faction or factions, aimed at reaching a compromise or a route out. If the game has no mechanisms for this, the players are to sketch them out, on the spot with the game underway..., Vetting, Chili paste 1 tablespoon, "One unknown man", “The church she requested to attend is 180 degrees different from the ramblings of that hell, fire and brimstone preacher,” said Parnham. “She would just like to get back into a stable church whereby God and Christianity become a role in her life. There’s nothing nefarious about that.”, markers (including natural killer cells, tumor necrosis factor, T-helper cells, and a variety of interleukins), and patient outcomes., My host warns me to keep the revs up when moving off, as first gear is tall and the clutch doesn't fully engage until the end of its reach. Regardless, I almost stall the bike as of course he's right; give it some welly and slowly engage the clutch - the engine, clutch, and gearbox are robust and can handle such abuse., Place in glass casserole., A selection of booklets and postcards explaining the history the church is available for purchase by the entrance beneath the impressive organ, so I buy a guide book for the collection. I’m surprised to see one postcard featuring the instantly recognisable face of Spike Milligan – what’s his connection with this place? It turns out Spike, a resident of Winchelsea in the latter part of his life, is buried in the churchyard. I can’t pass up the opportunity to visit the last resting place of one of my heroes, so leave the church to try and locate his grave., When you think more, you tend to get the real input in the sense of how to go about a certain issue and are able to articulate better, because your mouth is very dangerous and can turn against you because you’re talking without thinking. Emotions are the same. So always think before you want to react to a certain issue., So, yeah, I have a gun on when I'm at home because I'm lazy., They tell me how much you love me, Protect chairs, love-seats, window seats, recliners, wing seats or any design. Fitted slip covers feature memory-stretch fabric and all-around elastic for a neat, adaptable fit that won't slip off or bunch. You can put them on your furniture and forget about them until laundry day!, Thought it would be a good time to check in on this year's Northwest Passage conditions. As of this past weekend, the passage is open and boats are now moving through from both east and west., COVERT AFFAIRS - Blonde, attractive, and athletic Annie is a fairly new CIA agent. She's got style and she can work her way out of some tight situations. It's my answer to ALIAS. I always wanted to be Sydney. Now I want to be Annie!, He made the remarks after police arrested his brother, dentist Omer Butt, in a row over parking., Sorry we haven't really been keeping everyone in the loop. We've been totally without techie tools the past few days. No fancy phones or cameras or laptops until super recently. I don't think we totally totally thought thru the fact that we wouldn't be home for quite awhile. So thank you dad for letting us steal your laptop :), Johannes Brahms: Piano Quintet in F minor, op.34, 4) This kind of freedom will untie the hearts of people together, working for a better nation., Dad: "You can still go. We're just going to go to Oktoberfest.", Also, it wasn’t mandatory to write anything about the bloggers I nominated..but I wanted to.., Behind the ladder are Les Clark and Eric Larson. We can't see it here, but Eric is drawing centaurs from Fantasia., Now on to my argument: accessible post-secondary education provides both individual and collective benefits. If an individual invests wisely in post-secondary studies she is likely to find higher paying work upon graduation and will earn more over the course of her career. On a collective level we as a society benefit from having more people graduate from universities because it makes us smarter, innovative, and more competitive. As such, it is to our benefit to have well-funded world class universities which act as engines of economic growth., In an earlier post on Sohni Mahiwal, I had said folklore was a mixture of beliefs, facts and fiction and that it was always a poet who immortalized a love story. But, it is also true that a poet chose to sing a particular story, and not the other, because of its inherent beauty, drama and poignancy. Mirza-Sahiban is one such poignant story of blind love., As I said in class, one way to structure your essays would be to use the following format:, Mike and I are creating our own holiday traditions. I didn’t grow up celebrating Christmas or Hanukkah or Kwanza or even the solstice, so I have no history of traditions. I’m not sure what Mike’s excuse is, but he has no holiday sentimentalities either. Creating our own holiday practices is difficult and feels a little forced. I suspect it will take us many years to get it right., Strangely enough, the best song is also the first: the lengthy "Estranged". To me, the many elements within the song: the buzzing electronics (reminiscent of insects), the underlying drone and synthetic washes of sound (which could be anything from the silence of the forest to the underlying menace and mysteriousness any larger forest naturally exudes) very naturally conjure up images of a dark forest. O'Malley's sparse guitar improvisation, by contrast, could represent the "estrangement" of the listener. Wandering through the forest aimlessly, making sudden turns and detours because there is no clear way of keeping track of where you have been. The clear guitar tone is also a welcome change, as it portrays melencholic overtones as well as sounding vaguely mournful. It is, in short, one of the best "ambient" songs I have heard in a long time, and (in my opinion) is a large part of why some will claim that this is akin to "ambient offshoot isolationism" (though I confess that I am unfamiliar with Lull or Final's early work)., Photos from Vassar Farm (click photos to enlarge), WHY WE DO IT, More a preview of a piece I’m preparing on my single-speed experiences. Shortly before going on holiday recently I changed the rear sprocket on my bike to give me a lower ratio as my destination was quite hilly. After packing the car there wasn’t room for the bike so I left it behind, but I had been riding it to and from work with the lower gear and I’ve continued to do so until tonight when, after a ride home with a tail wind and having pedaled like a hamster in a wheel, I decided enough was enough and stuck original higher ratio cog back on., That the hands of the sisters Death and Night incessantly softly wash, I would talk with your friends, family, or co-workers that you know received a bottle and see if they are willing to trade you. I know this sounds like I’m being sarcastic with an overly simple answer but I do have reasons. Theoretically, the more hardcore beer geeks will be more interested in an infected bottle (assuming the infection is Brett as some people have guessed) and they might trade you. You might check Craiglist over the next couple of weeks for the possibility of people posting to trade. Second, if you have any out-of-town contacts I would have them check their liquor stores for any leftover Chocolate Ale bottles. The demand didn’t seem to be as high for Chocolate Ale outside of the metro and surrounding areas. Third, check out the Chocolate Ale thread on Beer Advocate. There was a thread on Beer Advocate forums discussing the wider availability of Chocolate Ale in other states. Several of the people on that thread offered to ship Chocolate Ale to people in Kansas City since ours sold out in 2 minutes. Of course, dealing with a stranger would be at your own risk so don’t take my statements as any sort of implied warranty. The problem…Beer Advocate went down the other day and the forums are unavailable at this time. I’m assuming they will be up sooner than later and they will still have their archived forums., The Supreme Constitutional Court is an independent judicial body based in Damascus., Combine softened cream cheese, sour cream and sugar in the bowl of a food processor, and process until smooth. Add the eggs and vanilla extract and process until incorporated., We are often spared the punishment we deserve in life, yet we’re quick to point our finger at the next sinner. We don’t need to point to anything. God may not be extending His full wrath, but He will eventually purge out those who continue to rebel against Him. Take account of your life, your desires, your idols. Are you in danger of being purged out? Turn from the detestable things you’re holding to and cling to the Lord. He offers the ultimate promised land., So, how do you transform the story of Norse god Thor into a light-hearted, entertaining blockbuster? How do reconcile that very delicately with the Marvel story of Thor? It takes a power equivalent to the great, one-eyed Odin to pull that off. And the great director Kenneth Branaugh (Dead Again) possesses just that sort of power., The point I’m trying to make here is that perhaps readers should get off their *ahem* high horses and realize that authors (and editors) are just like everyone else. They’re human. They make mistakes. Typos are everywhere!, 3) My husband- He works so hard, goes to school full time and doesn't complain (much) about it. He does it because its necessary. Something my ex never understood. He makes me smile., Born on the Caribbean island of St. Kitts but moving to Birmingham, England when she was eight, award-winning singer-songwriter Joan Armatrading started writing songs when she was fourteen years old. She says "I've always thought of myself as a songwriter first. I write all the time. The last thing I think about is how to sing it." (Stambler, Folk & Blues, The Encyclopedia,2001.), Hey little girl you will always make up, AND Ang will be back later to share today's fun sales!!, Okay. so what did productive thing did you do today?, I mean, hello? Unmanned vehicles and weapons? As awesome as that kind of shit would be, the possibility of that very technology we made turning against us is not out of the ordinary. We’ve come across several films that have explored the theme of future tech possibly causing our downfall. We’ve got the film adaption to the novel I Am Legend that showed the result of how humans have gotten arrogant to try curing cancer. While they succeeded, they also managed to create a race of zombie-vampire things. Then there’s also I, Robot depicting robots becoming intelligent enough to try killing off the human race in order to protect Earth’s natural state (at least, as natural as it was in that time). And how can I possibly forget about Blade Runner, the original dystopian future film that was the epitome of questioning the argument humanity vs. technology?, “I was shocked beyond belief, but whether they still are Umno members has yet to be established,” she told reporters today., Justice Nathan Hecht dismissed the test as "bordering on hokum" and less likely to yield valid results than lie-detector tests, which are not admissible in criminal court proceedings., Nurminen T, Rantala K, Kurppa K, Holmberg PC. Agricultural work during pregnancy and selected structural malformations in Finland. Epidemiology 1995; 6: 23-30., I sell jewelry. In one show, all the jewelry vendors were located in the same area of the venue. I don't really care about the "competition" -- but other vendors also make good customers. If the vendor next to me is selling baby blankets or pottery, she is much more likely to purchase something from me than if she's selling jewelry., Austria, so here’s some random thoughts:, @trixie_dust: Band (& Sauli) in Green Room now but no Adam…, If these groups get their wish we will be importing the descendants of the people who slaughtered thousands of whites and made Haiti unlivable. In sufficient numbers they will have the same effect on America., MMS has since admitted that up to 400 exploration projects in the Gulf have been granted categorical exclusions!, Once the dough has doubled in size, you need to knock it back. This is one of my favourite bits of bread making, other than kneading. You get to punch the soft, air filled dough to knock the air out and it’s strangely very satisfying. Give the dough another quick knead for about a minute to knock any extra air out and then shape it. Make you oil whatever tin you’re cooking the bread in. My first bread making experience was pretty disasterous as I didn’t realise I needed to do and my entire loaf was glued to the tin and had to be ripped apart to eat it. If you’re adding flavouring to the bread, you need to add it now and knead it in and shape it once you have everything nicely mixed. Once you have the dough shaped in whatever you’re making, then allow to prove for a second time in a warm place, again until it has doubled in size., This card is inspired by the Chevron Chic challenge at Moxie Fab World and a sketch by Lucy Abrams on Lily Pad Cards. I got to play with some Sculpey clay & a mold from Mold Muse and the result is a cute rose that I used for this card. I'll share my hilarious experience on the clay-baking in my next post., we love seeing EVERY SINGLE CARD you guys make! each one is clever, beautiful, and inspiring in its own way... much like our lovely belles, eh?! do give yourself the treat of scrolling down and visiting the NO TIME LIKE THE PRESENT(S) gallery. then c'mon back, because we've got another fabulous prompt... and possibly a lovely SPONSOR... (who can say??!) coming up at midnight!!! ¦, Thank you Sue for being so generous!, For this sew-along, I invite you to use any men's boxers pattern you wish; they're generally very similar to each other, and I'll be using a few different ones to point out various design elements and methods of construction. We'll even discuss how to draft your own boxers pattern!, “I didn’t kidnap the kids, and the kids know that we are going to live overseas,” he said., Watch the skies. The Plejarans and Arcturians are planning a mass sighting and broad telepathic message to those who open to “hearing.”, All in my training group are preparing for the final group workout and Finale party on the 19th of May. Hard to believe it is so close, and yet, I don't want to consider it the 'end' of my journey. I will not be participating in Round 2, but the lessons I have learnt, how far I have come physically and mentally will NOT be undone., There was a stream of water,, The one who calls the living room "little Havana" and is OK with that. The one who smiles through my fabulous idea of a photo shoot in a wedding dress and tux- at the beach- to celebrate our 15 year anniversary. Baby, I love you....., "This agency," says Gell, "can be agonistic or defensive as well as, Most rooms and suites, at a generous 40m2, were created to serve the travel needs of the typically very large and close-knit Indonesian family with a proclivity to stay together in one room. These are accessed from a discrete set of elevators at the lobby level that begin the retreat from the excitement of the public areas. All rooms, including their glass-enclosed bathrooms, offer dramatic views of the mountainous perimeter, reinforcing the hotel’s resort ambiance. Like the public areas, the rooms are complete with refined furnishings and rich materials inspired by the Javanese aesthetic. Touches of rich timbers, Ikat woven fabrics and Batik-inspired carpets continue the tradition of glamorous travel with which Bandung is associated., Oh, yes, I have some Scotch in me, as well as Irish. My Scots were Border Reiver Forresters and Armstrongs. I haven't researched all my Scottish connections, but those are the ones I know of so far., When the numbers of immigrants surpass this threshold, it’s imminent disaster for these proud former rulers of the world with their efficient economies, exemplary political and legal systems and strong moral and religious traditions. Two disasters, to be precise: on the one hand, cultural and religious destruction (Eurabia style, those Muslims do multiply like rabbits, don’t they) and, on the other hand, economic destruction. Let’s focus on the latter shall we. (An age-old culture or religion that can’t withstand the onslaught of a few million poverty stricken and low-skilled nannies, builders and factory laborers doesn’t seem to deserve survival)., I skimmed through it briefly as I was rushing through Barnes & Noble but didn't have a chance to look through carefully, yet I kept the title in mind so I could research a bit more., Well, she’d heeded my rant and, albeit with a degree of piss taking, bought me a couple of presents. We weren’t strangers to sex games, and I was certainly intrigued. Yes, I wore them., the Bordering on Romance stamp set. I made a few changes and change the colors. I used the circle diecuts and kept my background white. Hope you like it., I found some turkey bratwurst though - Butterball, maybe? I can't remember. Anyway, for 140 calories, we thought we'd give them a try. Honestly? I wasn't too excited about it. We had some turkey breakfast sausage one morning while we were camping, and I didn't care for it too much - too turkey-y., i’m not certain if i wanted to untie you with lovely barely a year ago but i’m certain that i don’t think she fits to be with you., 9. Florida Dropped Baton in the NCAA Final – This one was disappointing on two levels. First there was the fact that defending 100 champion Jeff Demps didn’t make the final – a screamer! Then looking for reDEMPtion he never got the stick. It was also disappointing as the final had the potential to be one of the greatest ever as Florida, Texas A&M, Florida State and Illinois had all run outstanding rounds!, Thank you all so much for your lovely comments. It's been invaluable to have feedback and reactions to my words - I have learnt so much from you all. Particular thanks to Sarah Mac and Midlife Singlemum who have cheered me on with daily comments. And let's not forget NLP Mum my thanks to her for starting the Facebook page and keeping us all motivated. I'll miss you all and hope you'll stop by from time to time to see what I'm rambling on about and I promise to stop by and say hi on your blogs too., Some of what will be in store at my booth:, until I've spoken with my attorney.", Manic Street Preachers A design for life UK, but at the sametime each month when flow comes to visit it's such a weird upset feeling I get., Annotated PDF files can be shared via email as well as exported to iTunes. Individual pages can also be shared in PNG and JPG formats, in addition to PDF., All morning I've been observing this guy working on the exterior of his house with his dad, who must be in town for the holiday. It's hard to tell if they're talking much, but they're working together, very in-sync. Right now, they're installing a new light on the outside of his garage., I came across Jess’s website via Twitter and was impressed by her photographs. I decided to contact her to learn a little more about this Peterborough based Photographer and share some of her work on the blog. The attached photos are from a series I quite liked titled “Liars and Cheats”., Excellent lifeCompact of the battery and the origin of the lightFast-upGood megapixel countNot a lot of manual configuration of the controlsCould may be better to appeal to the few, the light of the low fitness fuzzy pictures, brown or green for earth, Recently a student teacher in the Portland metro area was dismissed by the school district. (Here are the relevant stories, if you want context.) Because this story involved the student teacher being gay, there have been a lot of ignorant and hateful comments posted on the newspaper comment pages., 4 TB of confectioners sugar, R - I would liken your additions, sir, to putting graffiti over DaVinci's last supper., What I feed. Spring is a leg, The Opera is an elegant abode for cultured individuals to take part in the majesty of libretto coupled with classical music, costumes and caviar. Basically, a place where drunk morons should be excluded; and that is what makes it so great. Offending pompous aristocrats with fart noises and dick jokes is an experience all should engage in at least once. The Galiliean binoculars can help you in your effort to check out that cougar's juggs from across the theater. And, if you grow weary, your group can always jump on stage to reenact scenes from your favorite Rob Schneider films., damp, sprinkle a little salt (kosher or regular) into random areas of the, Now Gunnlaug went from Hladir with six men to Lifangr; and, on the morning of the very day whereas Gunnlaug came in in the evening, Raven had left Lifangr with four men. Thence Gunnlaug went to Vera-dale, and came always in the evening to where Raven had been the night before., To a little girl breaking, That's bliss for me. Peace, quiet, velvety darkness; just me, a candle and a good book. Suddenly reading becomes an even deeper pleasure than usual. I rather hoped the power cut would go on for hours., It has been quite a crazy few nights, and I am totally thankful to people who sub stuff!, Our foods back home are full of spices, herbs,and seasonings, sometimes making up the bulk of a recipe. Our recipes reflect our traditions, varied origins, and adaptations, often times they reflect who we are, where we come from, and reveal our family heritage. Here, however, the food is very simple, often made up of no more than 5 ingredients, with little variation from province to province, there are exceptions, Halo-halo, an all time favorite better than ice cream back home, or Pancit are the best examples of how Filipino food CAN vary. However, while we experiment a lot with food back home, combining unusual ingredients and exotic spices, there is very little experimentation here. For one the daily wage might not be able to support a dinner failure. Two, if you can support a failure, you will not be able to find anything “exotic” or “foreign” unless you live in a large urban center. But that isn’t to say you cannot cheaply experiment with even the most basic of ingredients here., Since 2003, after London, Birmingham has attracted more Chinese investment projects than….., I don't need to collect hearts anymore. I'm filled. I'm fortunate., As we were walking in I saw a sign that said “Ear plugs 5 AED.” This was truly a sign as you will see if you play the videos with the sound all the way up. There was, however, no one in the ticket booths selling tickets or ear plugs. So, we just sauntered in and found a seat in the grandstand. There were only a few other people there as you will also notice in the videos. Racing hasn’t quite caught on here yet. The addage “if you build it, they will come” is taking a while to come to fruition. They built this big race track about three years ago and it’s only now that they are seeing enough racers to make it interesting. It hasn’t caught on as a spectator sport, yet. It hasn’t caught on with sponsors either, so the drivers are those who can afford to finance their own cars., ~Food Storage:, For the model I chose Holly, although we have worked together on numerous occasions we always manage to get different shots each time, and I genuinely think that Holly enjoys the challenge of having to come up with something new every time she works with me. She always wants to make sure that at the end of the shoot I am happy with the results, and that I felt it was worthwhile booking her (again!) - well Holly, you've managed that so far for the last three years :), Of course, Roxy does not take this well when Denise approaches her about it and she goes to Claudia Joy who actually agrees with Jackie. Roxy finally agrees to go and get some nicer clothes which is very different from her usual style but Trevor approves. Now we turn to Joan and Charlie. At first, I saw that these two do not like each other one bit but when Joan is told by General Clarke that she needs to handle the complaints from the families from Fort Hope better, she decides to hold a town meeting., Red Ice Radio interviews Sterling Allan, who says that free energy devices are almost here and available for sale to the public. So yes, you have to buy the device, but thereafter the electricity is free., Snow Capped Mountains appear dull, 5/16 – bottled 48 - 12 oz. bottles and 1 330ml bottle., Update 11-9-11:, Take yourself…on a date. Spend time alone and explore what you like to do. It’s always nice to be with somebody else but sometimes there is something you want to do that a friend or family member might not want to. Is there a movie you want to see?Go! A restaurant you want to try? Why not?, So whether the fault lies with me or the nurseries, I have come up with a plan that I hope will turn me into a successful plant owner/ green-thumb., In other words, Rheticus’ work on Copernicus wasn’t singled out by the Index—rather, all of his works were proscribed. And the Index says explicitly why Rheticus's works were there and, lo and behold, it had absolutely nothing to do with heliocentrism, but rather was due to his connection with Protestant scholars. Now it seems hard to believe that Bob didn’t read the last half of that sentence. So why did he choose to omit it in Galileo Was Wrong or in this most recent discussion with me? Why would he continue to give the reader the impression that the works of Rheticus were put on the index because of their Copernican ideas and then go on to accuse me of dishonesty in supposedly suppressing information from the reader?, Their conversation would come short when a frost-type Cherubim from the original series invading their lives. The nice sunny day quickly turns into a blizzard, freezing the lake they were once swimming on. As everyone takes cover, Andy would subconsciously wish to crawl into a hole after what he just did, causing him to unconsciously dig a hole through the plane and into the earth’s crust. Mix, Yunoha, and Malloy would question what Andy was doing and try to get him while Amata, Sazanka, and Cayenne got on the vectors and transformed into Gepard to deal with the Cherubim. Mikono and Zessica would hide in a cave, believing that Amata will save them., My sincere apologies for writing to you on this matter, but you will see that it causes me great concern. On the 19th April in the year of our Lord 2012, a lightning strike caused major power problems to Waterloo and Victoria stations in London., Spencer Tracy Captains Courageous, Note that I am not arguing here that the Commonwealth cannot regulate use of a trade mark once it is created, any more than one would argue that an estate in fee simple in land cannot be subject to regulation of its user. Rights grounded in statute may be proprietary for constitutional purposes notwithstanding that to a significant extent the conditions and extent of their user may be subject to valid regulation. By contrast, Gageler’s submissions seem to rest on an implicit assumption that the fact that user can be regulated is decisive against the proposition that those rights of user may nevertheless be proprietary in nature. In fact the preferable view of the approach to ascertaining whether particular statutory rights are proprietary in a constitutional sense is that it is a multi-factorial analysis. One may make a plausible argument from analyis of the provisions of the Act that a trade mark does confer positive proprietary rights of user notwithstanding that those rights are subject to regulation and restriction within broad but not limitless boundaries (see below)., She sniffed around everything on this lawn before deciding to go with an old standby favorite - the tiny lit Christmas tree., ( if you don’t have the above two powders then you can dry grind mustard and fenugreek seeds together in the mixer/blender. it works just as fine ), and is divided into sections which are broken down into ‘rules’., A Popular Misconception, i decided to bring them home and make some cards with them., My kids and I were invited to a media event at Legoland tonight. (It was a very cool place and we had a blast, but I'll write more about that later.) At one point, in the evening, there was a competition for anyone who wanted to participate. The goal was to build something from outer space with Legos. Jackson built a little green alien on a Mars rover. He won the competition and was awarded a Star Wars Lego set., Esther 3:15 The posts went out, being hastened by the king’s commandment, and the decree was given in Shushan the palace. And the king and Haman sat down to drink; but the city Shushan was perplexed., “I just got in the zone,” Dalhausser said. “You know, some athletes say you just get in a zone and you don’t think. You just do it and you do all the right things. It’s pretty amazing.”, in hot climes) while their rival, *I do want to mention here that if you plan on making this house an outdoor toy, I would recommend setting it up outside. Unless you have wide doors, there's a good chance it won't fit through your doors! We decided to make this an indoor clubhouse.*, I'm tempted to draw a parallel with the Mexican Flu "pandemic" in recent years, reports of which were whipped up into a media frenzy until the whole world seemed to be trembling on its feet in the face of an impending disaster. Very few people questioned the veracity of the reports, alarmist chatter spread the patently nonsensical notions of the end of life as we know it, and when nothing particularly dramatic happened the matter was discreetly dropped after, apparently, the pharmaceutical companies had filled their pockets with public sector money paid by a government driven to distraction by the prophecies of doom. (This totally aside from the discussion how government policy is infuenced by corporate lobbying, once again a story for another time)., ChristieO wants us to write a letter to ourself about the things that happen in 2012 from the point of view of it being 2013. Confused? Yeah, me too! But what a great exercise in goal setting! I did it last year and didn't have great success, but this year will be different! Read and enjoy the year that I'm about to embark on., - My wife says: It’s finally stopped raining., It's a dark grey cotton (there are several different textures and weaves in this), with raveled edges on the ruffled parts. The sides have quite a dramatic peplum shape - eee! Love it. I am really grooving on this Victorian shaping lately., This 8" x 7" wristlet features a felt heart applique (shout out to my guuurrrlll Marcy over at K.a.i-y.a. Designs for her applique lesson over Christmas break!), an 8" wrist strap, fleece interfacing, a handy inside pocket and finally a matching covered button zipper pull., NB:, I’m going to be very specific about the flavor I had, well, because I don’t have anything nice to say about it. It’s possible the other flavors are better, but I’ll be in no hurry to try. To be blunt, it tasted like what I imagine weak sewage to taste like. The primary culprit seemed to be the PB flavoring, as it was worse when I bit that side tongue down. I’d also say, it tasted nothing like PB. I could tell it was trying as it was somewhere in the right city, but not anywhere close. I battled my way through the box to not waste anything, but it was not fun. In addition to the taste, as with other 90 calorie bars, if you find those unfilling, you’ll find more of the same here., Hey Folks!, Once the situation was under control, I went to talk to my oldest and we talked about strength and how he was bigger and stronger than his little brother. We talked about injuries and how he could do long term damage to someone doing what he did. Then I gave him the consequences that were going to come down because of his actions. He was mad and didn't want to do what I was telling him he had to do but I had to stick to my guns and make him follow through with the punishment. I can only hope and pray that the consequences were enough for him to understand that he cannot do that any more. But what do we do in the moment when our kids do the stupidest thing we have ever seen? How do we handle it and what do we say?, But of course, the closest I will get to NOLA this year are the beads I'm wearing today., I had an appointment during lunch. As I was on the elevator after my appointment, a threesome of very handsome, young lawyers, decked out in expensive suits, boarded the elevator a few floors down. I smiled and they smiled back. One of them kept checking me out. Seriously, he gave me the up and down. I so knew he thought I was cute. Even as we were headed out the revolving glass door he turned around to look at me again. I have it, what can I say., hundred-year-old conspiracy involving the Jesuits, the Federal Reserve, China and the sinking of the Titanic, and discovers, alot.. for those things.. also loving that you can do so many layouts of yourself.. To document, He said on one occasion he was forced wait several hours before a doctor insisted there was no swelling., Some of those are still in progress. But I think the portrait (of my beautiful twin Amy) (and I can say that and not be conceited because we no longer look that identical) is finished. There are so many beautiful things around me waiting to be used for inspiration. IT'S AN INSPIRING WORLD!, Husband uttered the unthinkable last night – Benedict Cumberbatch might even be a better Holmes than Jeremy Brett., 79. Hi, the voices in my head tole me to come over and talk to you., For the past two years, Mackenzie and I have gotten our hair CHOPPED off. It is just too hot to have it long. Mackenzie has been begging us to cut her hair really short. We told her that we wanted her to wait until at least after her dance recital. We waited a little longer before letting her get her hair cut but it was worth the wait. She looks so cute and she loves to shake her hair and look at herself in the mirror. A friend from middle school cuts hair and I caught back up with her on Facebook when I was still on there. Her shop is in Arkansas and she occasionally comes to Memphis to cut hair. It is just too hard to take Brady so she agreed to come to the house to cut our hair., So, The steak is pretty much self-explanatory. Heat grill, add rub to steak, grill, rest, serve! Before the steak was thrown on the grill (a.k.a. George), I grilled up some red onions and zucchini spears with a little olive oil and salt and pepper. I also got a box of couscous going (such hard work!). The dip in the back is a yogurt, sour cream, cucumber mixture similar to raita (a.k.a. Indian cuisine happiness). Oh and I threw in some feta, because there is always room for feta (or is it Jell-o?). The only thing missing was pita!, To give you an idea of the type of art you can expect in the book, see the below examples from Rob Ryan’s store on etsy.co.uk:, at the drugstore, In the very fertile valleys of Doucheness, among the hill tops and reigning over the small douche serfs lives Gilby Clarke, an Elder douche if there ever was one. Some people might actually remember Gilby and if they do, they probably would still pump gas if that were still a career option, watched Rock Star Super Nova or finger bang their kittens with Quiet Riot as theme music., Bought this old stainless restaurant prep table at a garage sale recently, and a few blocks later I found this huge wood and metal bottle rack. I moved the cabinet that was on this wall - stuck this table in its place, hung the wine rack (no bottles yet because it's still teetering on 2 little nails) and I think I like the change a whole lot., I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. Oh good, an ambulance. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. Oh look at you! You're turning left! Congratulations you fucking asshole. Oh, yep. Just a little slower now. Make sure you've really got it. Hooray! I hate you. Fuck you. I hate you. Fuck you. SERIOUSLY?! A CAR ATTACHED TO A TRUCK ON SUNSET?! Awesome. Ya know what you could use more of? Lights, yellow tape, and billowing black exhaust. Ugh. I wish I was dead. I wish I was dead. I wish I was dead. Calm down everyone, it's just a movie premiere. Let's all try to focus up and continue on. UGH!!!! Pedestrians are the devil. Pedestrians are the devil. Pedestrians are the devil. Seriously bicyclist?! Who do you think you're helping? Get a fucking car you shitshow. You dirty hipster. You're not saving the environment. You're only increasing the homicide rate. USE THE SIDEWALK! Ideally you'll take out a few pedestrians in the process. My life lacks meaning. My life lacks meaning. My life lacks meaning. My life lacks meaning. My life lacks meaning. CONSTRUCTION!!!? Oh sure, now's a good time to work on the 101. 5pm on a Friday. Excellent choice, city of Los Angeles. You son of a bitch. There is no God. There is no God. There is no God. There is no God. What the fuck are you doing lady? Oh I get it, you're doing your makeup while reading to your child, OBVIOUSLY. You suck! You are so stupid! This time should be dedicated to DRIVING!!!! AAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!, By about 11, though, I knew I was going to give in. I worked for this; I deserved this; I was damned-well gonna enjoy this. I bought a pack of Marlboro Black, feverishly ripped open the cellophane, ruthlessly tore out the golden paper and ripped out a fag. I looked at it, held it to my lips and, already, began thinking of the thick, slick flow of warm smoke that would gently caress my throat as it wound its merry way into my sadistically grateful lungs. I lit up. I sucked. I inhaled. Veni, vidi, vici., Ineptocracy – a system of government where the least capable to lead are elected by the least capable of producing, and where the members of society least likely to sustain themselves or succeed are rewarded with goods and services paid for by the confiscated wealth of a diminishing number of producers., The one that no-one really saw coming. Do I need to even explain? For un-explainable reasons a beginner has never seen before luck and ends up thrashing pros. A seriously realistic power seeing it exists in our daily lives and one both make people laugh from the suddeness or get pissed at. Only one known character, Kaori Senoo., Doesn’t matter., I send this warning out- if you start to feel a clogged duct- take care of it as quickly as possible because Mastitis is not just a pain in the boob but a pain in the......, Far from making totalitarianism impossible, digital technology has made Orwell’s nightmare an easily attainable reality. The East German Stasi kept a whole nation under surveillance without any of this technology; the British State could get it up and running tomorrow – literally. Every site we visit, every email we write is already watched 24/7 by marketing and business. How else do you think that the site ads you see on your browser just happen to reflect the things you’re interested in?, The growth of Christian Endeavor from its twenty member society in Williston Church in 1881 to its status at the time of Dr. Bob’s graduation from college in 1902 is absolutely astonishing. Though Congregational in origin, Christian Endeavor met the needs of youth and the need of churches of various Protestant denominations to court, encourage, and instruct young people in the service of Christ. Its influence on churches and youngsters became world-wide in span and duration., This Wednesday Saks Fifth Avenue Off Fifth at the Legends Outlets is hosting an exclusive shopping event to kick off this years Duck Derby! The Duck Derby has moved to Schlitterbahn water park, and it will be a fun way to welcome the derby to the Legends neighborhood., Cisse is again linked with Stoke and the Metro has us and Pompey after Everton striker Yakubu. Now that you could see as he has been crocked for most of this season and we do like our recovering crocks at Stoke., Weathering those tiny minds, Pour scallops and pan sauce into gratin and cover with panko crumbs. Bake uncovered for 5-7 minutes until the panko crumbs are browned. Serve immediately., After you have spotted and soaked up the pet stain, the best option for your floors is to get them professionally cleaned. Over-the-counter products and regular dish soap can potentially ruin your floors. Plus, depending on how long the pet stain has been there, it could have potentially soaked down into the padding. Before your professional comes over, soak up as much of the stain as you can., I made just one card this week., “High Plains Drifter” was the first Western directed by Clint Eastwood but he was already showing signs of the revisionism that would shape his finest effort in the genre, “Unforgiven”. What could have been a simple tale of revenge is elevated to a whole other level by Ernest Tidyman’s quirky script and Eastwood’s assured direction., I'm not arguing about the quality of most of the songs on this list. But c'mon.....let's be serious....you want 50 ultimate BRITISH songs....and you only have 1 from Scotland, 1 from Wales and 1 from Northern Ireland. Oh and even in terms of the spread of the English contributions, there's an awful big bias in favour of London and the South East., On our boat, at the marina., The teenagers of Keflavik became the teen-idols of Iceland eclipsing later bands formed in the city of Reykjavik and elsewhere. Most of these teenagers are still going strong 40 years later and have been a dominating force on the scene the whole time. The combination of the connection with England through shipping and the close contact with American influences were the seeds that started the modern evolution of youth music in Iceland., Me: "You wouldn't do that, it would be a waste of good lox! I would probably grab it off your plate and just eat it myself then.", So he put forth a new plan. He would bring the religious leaders of the Jews together and along with Paul have some sort of a trial. Our verse tells us that he commanded the chief priests and all their council to appear. The word “command” is used, indicating the severity of the occasion. They were ordered or incited. Failure to comply would amount to a sort of contempt of court., Reproduction locks? You can find these at the flea for $6-$15 each. We sell keys 2 for $1. ( Skeleton keys are $3 each.) My dealer friend Judy Walsberg even brings originals back from her summers in England., As I was approaching the intersection of king and regent, I noticed a lady and a man crossing the steet in front of me. I naturally slowed down for them, and glanced in my side view mirror only to see this windstar coming up fast on my inside. I stopped the van and blew the horn to warn the lady and man that were crossing., I know a song that’ll get on your nerves,, HOLLY: I actually created a playlist for DBAW from songs that struck me before and during writing:, Happy 3rd birthday, Em! We will miss you, your mommy, and your daddy!, 2. Stir an egg thoroughly into the medium bowl of cooked rice., Jeremiah 29:11, The band photo on the MySpace page, complete with magnifying glass and bleeding nose, is well worth the peek alone., When we were visiting the Kahala, they were actually setting up for a sunset wedding at their Diamond Head Gazebo (photos above). As much as I love floral decor, of course I have to take a few shots of the details. Hopefully they will inspire those brides who are having a pink and green color palette. Aren't those little hanging vases cute? Another idea is to just hang the orchid heads. There are so many creative things you can do... the possibilities are endless!, on that note. I am going to host a Back to School Virtual 5K. It will be within the next 2 weekends (not this one). Stay tuned for that, because I will be providing more details about it., The Daily Postcard is taking a sabbatical for the month of May. Some time away from the computer will do me good, and I promise to return refreshed and with renewed vigor. I look forward to seeing you back here on June 1st., Father: "Hmmm. That's strange. I could swear I saw her name in the bridal announcements last Sunday. It must have been a mistake, although I thought I saw her the other day having dinner with an older fellow. Then again, the hair wasn't the same.", It took a good 12 weeks for me to truly eradicate every trace of gluten from my diet. Overcoming each setback from unintended exposure took all the determination I could muster. How much gluten is safe for a celiac? Zero was the answer given by the Celiac Sprue Association of America back when I was first diagnosed. I continue to agree. Even a speck of gluten the size of a crumb is enough to trigger the body’s immune system to attack itself. Which means eating out is very risky- a topic worthy of its own post., I then cut smaller pieces in different patterns & shades to start building up the layers, placing them where I am sure I wanted them before glueing them down., “Oh, well why don’t you run down to the DMV to renew it, come back, and finish paying for your things? I can wait!”, with women’s human rights groups in Africa, Which an age of prudence can never retract, The NEP has been soiled by the greed for riches. There has been twists and delusion of the policy that now has already divided the nation. The rich are becoming filthy rich and the poor are becoming dirt poor and this is apparent within any single ethnic group. Racial unity is debased when social and economic justice have been ignored., Can’t you see there’s no place to go, On February 1st, 2010 we finally got our own place where we could meet to discuss plans for our oral history project. We are currently located at the Brooklyn Public Library on Eastern Parkway between Utica Avenue and Schenectady Avenue. The room is very spacious and it has everything we might possibly need: Chairs, table space, a chalkboard and silence., Najib did just that a few days ago in an interview with the International Investor, an independent research group., X is for Xcuse Me, While Malema is firing on all cylinders to overturn the sentence, there are serious concerns that one of the grounds of his disciplinary appeal could land the league in more trouble., My studio was once our dining room ~ a place we hardly used ~ so it seemed perfect to move in here ~ now it is the busiest place in the house..., From education to the environment, those in the know would be able either to push a new administration towards their own fields of opportunity or anticipate the business that new ministers would create. Organisations such as the ANC's PBF, and possibly clones of Britain's Chemistry Club, will be in the pound seats, selling time with those who can sell access to wealth for the people excluded by the current elite., The 29 year old also has a beautiful voice and was offered the chance to sing famous Tinka Tinka song from the movie but she refused and the song was eventually sung by Alisha Chinoy, she did lend her voice for the same song in Television show much later., This is what the White Labs pitchable stuff looks like, that said, this is not as sent to me originally, it is harvested lager yeast from the brew I did, I just reused the container to keep it, it has been washed with water as described in the post I linked to on HBT., when they so cheerfully say nothing,, The third column is the actual data to be sent., Don’t delay, register today!, Before you could say, “Yeah, come-on”, she was following me to my house., (3) 77%? What a crock! They should be paid 50% of what men earn., Best News & Current Affairs: Winner – LSTV (The Essential)/ Highly Commended – Trent TV (Trent TV News), In Jasmine Skies Mira is often moved to tears by the poverty she sees around her. The poverty and suffering caused through drought and flood in many places in the world, including India, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Africa, is appalling. If I were to tell a story written in a landscape of drought or flood Airavata would definitely make an appearance because his presence would always bring hope., Mal was a co-judge, with me and Jenny Valentine last year when The Knife of Never Letting Go won and now he will have another go because part of the prize is to be judge next time. It's the only children's book prize judged by fellow-writers and a lovely one to win. Congratulations to Mal., In its place is a vision of dystopian angst where a man sits in traffic being bombarded by moronic tweets. He could have made something of his life if it wasn’t for all the constant interruptions. To his left and right he sees that his fellow motorists are in similar catatonic states. His brain twitches and splutters with occasional life ‘…What was that great idea I had yesterday before someone sent me a link to a monkey throwing faeces at a nun? I’ll never get those eight seconds back…What other important stuff did it shunt it out of my head?…Can’t get my relatively high-powered car above 15 miles an hour…must invent time machine…warn past self…can’t…form…rationale…help me…’, Pratyush: – Why are you sounding so complacent about the changes that is going to happen in your life. You don’t sound excited., One day he brings Sonia out to the estate. He’s got a nice romantic walk in the woods planned. It just so happens that on this particular day – a major heist is going to go down. At the mansion – he’s watching., Revel like a true Irishman (or woman!) at a dinner filled with dancing, singing and general merriment. A variety of authentic dishes are served in a unique and evocative setting throughout the evening., running behind schedule —, What happened? Frank Rich complains about Obama’s “passivity.” Others grumble the supposedly great communicator has failed to control the political narrative — as is currently the case where the discussion in Washington centers on the Republican theme, “reduce the deficit,” when it should be on “increase the number of good jobs.” Writing in the New York Review, Yale Professor David Bromwich observed, “Obama has always preferred the symbolic authority of the grand utterance to the actual authority of a directed policy… protracted moods of extreme abstraction seem to alternate with spasmodic engagement.”, Drakar., Christine Mcloughlin, The newly constructed Hungarian constitution reflects an awakening of cultural and moral sensibilities, it recognizes the continuum of history above the trashy verbiage of EU treaties and grants citizenship to Hungarians who live in annexed regions. The Constitution expresses Hungarians’ belief in the role of Christianity in preserving nationhood. It declares that marriage is the sacred union of a man and a woman, and it protects human life from the moment of conception. In addition, the government has withdrawn financial support from money-mongering churches., From the torrent, or the fountain —, Marvin Kitman. The television critic for Newsday for 35 years beginning in 1969. I have not thought about him for decades, but he was the first "columnist" I read as a teen. He was funny, in an over-the-top blustery kind of way. And one thing that he was known for was his impassioned dislike of Sue Simmons., The other man shrugged, his heavily muscled arms—bare from shoulder to elbow—pushing the thick, dark red fabric of his tabard. The tabard was cut in the style favored by Sith Lords and draped over a black tunic and trousers, bound at the waste with a wide black sash and utility belt. The tabard’s obi and lower sash were piped in gold which bore black ruins of some sort. The tabard was unique in another way in that it had its own hood—something usually worn on a separate cloak—which was pulled up over the black and gold mask; the T-shaped visor glowing an angry red from the shadows of the cowl. Held in either hand, gloved from elbow to fingertips in elaborate gauntlets of chrome and gold, was a pair of lightsaber hilts that did more to speak of the man’s intent in their design alone than any spoken threat. Each hilt—curved ever so slightly and seemed to be made of multiple layers of intricately carved metal, chased in chrome and gold—could be used as a weapon without igniting the energy blade they powered via the wicked-looking hooks the housings formed at the pommel., Laughter filled the souls of many as he delivered humorous tales of hands on spiritual experiences., dodging the loose floorboards that might give away my presence., 2/3 cup M&M's (use the orange, yellow, and red ones), 2000 - Humber College of Arts and Technology, many different designers such as LeLutka, MIEL, Sticky Fingers, DDL, etc…, Each child certainly wanted their alien to have lots of sharp teeth!, In a strange twist of fate, the WordPress spellcheck went out of whack before I published this so I may have just come down on the stupid side hard. I expect everyone will be nitpicking my grammatical errors since I have not the time nor the inclination to remember how things are actually supposed to be without a computer editor., I think the series should be renamed “Sookie Stackhouse, the Southern Cookbook Chronicles”. Honest to god, there is more detail and description over food and how to waitress–it must’ve been half the book! If I had to read one more page on making blueberry cobbler, I was going to either scream or go to the grocery store., We parked in a small lot just past the bridge. Even before leaving the parking lot, I liked what I saw. If you look really closely, you can see a small, red building. If you can’t see it, then just look below., So we’re going to the chapel with Joey Ramone and one or the other as soon as he’s man enough. That’s when we’ll know, also, whether he is a bantam or standard sized rooster. He’s only 5 days old, or so, and I think that he has to be 7-9 months old before he can breed., She will be held captive, “Who says I am?”, “Say your goodbyes,” I said, as if I was going to a trip., The business needs mavericks, it needs street-savvy people, street fighters. It needs people who haven't had exactly the same background as the next guy. It needs people who aren't just pleasant, white, middle-class from a comfortable background. It needs people who did ten weird jobs before they started in advertising. It needs people who start out in the business in their thirties, their forties, or later. It needs people with different life experiences. The business needs to realise this quick, before it gets too stale., I had a lot of fun blogging every day in April this year and I'm excited to challenge myself once more., 1 teaspoon salt, Regular backs, Well time for another challenge thankyou for all of your gorgeous, ‘If it’s me or the world, the world’s had it. Of course that’s disgusting. And liberating. That’s the problem with disgust. You get through it. You feel bigger and emptier.’, On to season 3!, And at the present autumn he prepares the upcoming winter without that someone., Honestly, this feeling is so strange, Brutal police response, Contact your favorite diaper company and let them know about this. Get the word out. A lot of reviews are kind of stuck right now and we need people to fill out surveys. When diaper makers post on their walls and sites, where their requests are in the main newsfeed of their fans, the responses sky rocket. So if you can spread the word, please do. I am trying on my end as well, of course!, By Author’s Name, The houses will be made in pre-fabricated, or ‘prefab’, format, under which the company will provide a kit consisting of roofs, doors, windows, etc, which can be erected or assembled., Bogdan Gutkowski, President of BIG, imagines the project will have an impact on numerous areas besides the region’s tourism. “Water Discus Hotel project opens many new fields of development for the hotel and tourism sector, housing and city sector in the coastal off-shore areas, as well as new opportunities for ecology support by creation of new underwater ecosystems and activities on underwater world protection,” he told World Architecture News. “Additionally we would like to create here in the UAE the International Environmental Program and Center of the Underwater World Protection – with Water Discus Hotel as a laboratory tool for oceans and seas environment protection and research.”, 285 Brunswick Street, Fitzroy, Melbourne, Falling off a roof?, As a matter of fact, 25 Viper teams were responsible for 9,000 checkpoints along the American road system, last year alone and that number, both of teams and checkpoints, will be increasing., John isn’t asking anyone to take stupid risks, but when the hate of the world turns actively murderous, we should be prepared for an extreme eventuality., The Joan Lowery Nixon Memorial Award was established to honor the writer who so generously shared her time and talents with our members. Joan volunteered to mentor a writer whose manuscript submitted for the SCBWI-Houston conference was deemed nearest publication. Following Joan’s death in 2003, Kathi Appelt, Newbery honor winner for The Underneath, graciously took over the role of mentor., but this time it is the same colour chasing and biting us, Here is a little game I came up with this week (mine is not done so I can't show you photos yet) You can make a spinner for this game. Or you can make it out of some jars or like containers. You can make this anyway you want to. It is for you and what inspires you. I am going to explain my version and you come up with one that will help you get out of that creative block., (I didn't bother looking at the price because it was a size 10 and I'm just a size 8)., doable, right?, any amount of time reduces allowances and transfers costs, this very routine doesn’t work because there is no stretch of the imagination long enough to encompass all its features, and we miss the point coming close to a theme of sense, that all truths are representative of further investigation, purely because attention repays, at least that is how we comprehend it and this is not always how we average it out, that is to say how we precisely distance ourselves from any real understanding as a method of factual diversification, I wanted to use some Barbara Brackman reproduction fabric I had received for Mother’s Day and included some solid pieces to make up the blocks., However, thanks to the awesome German Mercedes Benz engineers and makers of my car, all my body parts remained together and still functioned as a unit., within the visions of my nightmare scene, I love the fact that Kate and Curran doesn’t act like some old married couple. They are still kicking each other’s asses when it’s called for. They are a true team; they don’t back down from each other but they totally support each other., You see, we read the same word two verses later when Jesus declares, “It is finished,” that is, “It is tetelestai.”, Here's the recipe - it comes from my cousin-in-law, but I've adjusted it a little., "Don't be silly. You can't see him. He's invisible, just like he was when his spirit rose from the dead.", Darkly atmospheric, Masque of the Red Death beckons us into its dichotomous world with the crook of a diseased finger, delighting us with technological advancements beyond those of our reality while simultaneously horrifying us with the deterioration of human health and quality of life. One page paints pictures of sumptuous debauchery for those who can afford it, with steam carriages for transport and needles full of liquid oblivion to escape the gruesome deaths of those unfortunate enough to contract the Weeping Sickness, while the next details the dirt, grime, and disease crippling the city one sore-ridden body at a time. We can almost feel the disease itself settle on our bodies with a tangible weight, our fingers itching to rub our skin red to alleviate the psychosomatic tingles as we follow Araby down from the highest perch above the city into the gutters themselves, discovering along the way that sickness isn’t only physical, and those suffering from it the most are often hiding behind wealth and privilege., Most states require that the coffin be put into a burial vault, which is the underground tomb that is made out of cement that the coffin goes into. It is then lowered into the ground. These are used to keep the ground from caving in on top of the coffin and to keep the grave site from sinking in. Some manufacturers state that they can seal the vault to keep water and the elements from getting to the actual coffin. A vault, however, does not stop the decaying of the body., In-Dash, Floor & Under Dash Mounting Brackets, Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops atop a bed of local lettuce,, American hops weren't prized; they had high alphas, high cohumulone, and were regarded as pungent and harsh. Brewers used American hops for bitter charges and then scented and flavored their beers with the sweet nectar of low-alpha, low-cohumulone hops from Europe. For 350 years, American brewers bought in to the notion that their local hops, which definitely differed from European hops, were inferior. As that all changed, mainly when American craft brewers began to discover that local hops were indeed tasty and aromatic, and the Cluster hop--the original "C" hop--faded from sight., Abdul Aziz told Sinar Harian: “I can’t even remember which branch I was with because after I completed my studies, I lived in several areas., I happen to have a painfully difficult individual in my life. Every time this person comes and verbally attacks me, I usually respond with the same level of intensity. (Not a good Idea), What this means is that writing costs money in the short term, and until you earn a respectable income from book sales, you’ll need a way to finance your efforts. For most, it means working full time and writing when you can, but it doesn’t have to be that way. By planning ahead and investing wisely, you can build a stable income that will support your writing and help you move away from depending on a paycheck toward becoming a financially-independent writer., (and still is, but I'm starting to come back around and get a handle.), End of November. End of Solo Tabletop Gaming Appreciation Month., Bonnie then rushed forward a few thousand years to state that Rome was a multiracial society (oh yeah?, and look where that got them!!) and that the Romans bought battalions of Asians and Africans here, many of whom were left behind to mate with the local population. On the basis of this statement she asserted that there was no such thing as an indigenous race of Britons, and that what there is some global blend of all humanity. (Click here to watch Bonnie speak of the Romans), This provides another indication as to the nature of lunar power. Pray to the Moon when she is round is referring to the time of the Full Moon. “Luck,” we do not particularly care for that word. We prefer the term “good fortune,” which comes in various forms, i.e. opportunity, money, etc. “And then good things will then be found on sea, in sky, and on solid ground,” i.e. everywhere in the physical world., If you are a woman, and you hold Friedrich Nietzsche in high esteem as one of the great enlightened thinkers of modern philosophy, there is a decent chance you might be unfamiliar with the full extent of the man’s musings about the fairer sex. Since his own lifetime, the philosopher has been accused of promoting misogynistic ideas in his writings, due to his tendency of abrasively referring to women—and femininity as a whole—in largely hostile terms (as we shall explore shortly). However, it should be stated for the sake of objectivity, that this sentiment is not universally accepted amongst prominent female authors and thinkers, as some of these individuals interpret Nietzsche’s apparently sexist aphorisms as a rhetorical strategy, used to illustrate the vain construct men have of women, and the potential to possibly move beyond this simplistic sentiment.[1] Whether any of these more favorable interpretations are viable positions in light of Nietzsche’s own words, or simply attempts to exonerate the philosopher of the charge of misogyny, is the focus of the analysis that follows below. Although Nietzsche never wrote a single cumulative work on the topic of womanhood, his books are nevertheless filled with countless critiques and examinations of the female psych, thereby making it possible for the reader to gather a coherent impression of the philosopher’s views on women, and gender relations in general., Linbury Studio Theatre, Dr. Myles Munroe says that if you walk down the street and run into some guy you haven't seen in five years and the man starts talking to you about the same stuff he spoke about when you last saw him five years ago, turn around and walk away, because the man is stagnated in the past. If you don't know who Myles Munroe is, its time to found out who he is, because irrespective of whether you're a Christian, a Muslim, an Atheist or a Pagan he is worthy of respect, you could actually learn something from him., My favorite room is always the one I just finished. I don't know if it's relief that it's finally done, or if each just gets better than the last. I guess if I had to choose, it'd be my kid's rooms because of the joy they get from having their own fun spaces., against the window, Chivalry is the combination of qualities expected of an ideal knight, especially courage, honor, justice, and a readiness to help the weak according to dictionary.com. The person who said chivalry is dead was obviously not in our school. Just today I have the door opened for me 6 times, and was the recipient of at least three other courteous acts. Some times I think that guys do not get enough recognition for the nice things they do; with feminism taking the world by storm there seems to be little room left for kind acts towards women., Day 004 – July 26, 2011, Optional: Save even more time in preparing this dip by purchasing roasted red peppers or eggplant from your supermarket or specialty food store., Balinese Hinduism is a coalescing of Gods and demigods, worshipped together with Buddhist heroes, the spirits of ancestors, indigenous agricultural deities and sacred places. And all of this somehow translates into magnificent art, as they weave their stories and shape their sculptures with their infinite influences., <U+306F><U+3061>:<U+7B2C><U+4E00><U+7AE0><U+306F><U+8B58><U+5B57><U+7387><U+306E><U+30A4><U+30EB>—<U+30B8><U+30E7><U+30F3><U+FF1F>, 1. The Accessibility Institute at the University of Texas will be closed effective August 29th 2008., For me I have a ready answer. Ideas are supplied by United Utilities, my local water authority, and a constantly flowing supply is plumbed straight into the house. Access is via the shower-head, and paid for as part of my water rate bill., Yes I did feel like I was a 7 year old making a wish with my Besties... & Yes I quite enjoyed it. That little moment wishing on a star was perhaps the best moment I had all day., THE WIZARD OF OZ — WILD AT HEART. This is really too obvious to need elucidating, and besides, the OZ references doubtless originate in Barry Gifford’s source novel. In fact, the Gifford-related movies tend to have more intertextual stuff than the others, however –, the big sis and i went to work while daddy put the boy to bed., Fortunes have changed for the King family, descendants of Hawaiian royalty and one of the state’s largest landowners. Matthew King’s daughters—Scottie, a feisty ten-year-old, and Alex, a seventeen-year-old recovering drug addict—are out of control, and their charismatic, thrill-seeking mother, Joanie, lies in a coma after a boat-racing accident. She will soon be taken off life support. As Matt gathers his wife’s friends and family to say their final goodbyes, a difficult situation is made worse by the sudden discovery that there’s one person who hasn’t been told: the man with whom Joanie had been having an affair. Forced to examine what they owe not only to the living but to the dead, Matt, Scottie, and Alex take to the road to find Joanie’s lover, on a memorable journey that leads to unforeseen humor, growth, and profound revelations., Once we arrived, the parametics and the sitter met us at the front door., Krystal waited, too., But I think this kind of material consistency is the exception rather than the rule for many of the things we are interested in. Let’s go back to the Great Red Spot. Surely it is a thing? It has been around since long before you or I were born. Astronomers are readily able to identify it and talk about its shape and location. But a storm like the Great Red Spot does not generally retain all the material contained in it. Stuff comes in, stuff goes out. Back on Earth, we know that a storm can pick up gas molecules, water, houses, people and cows, and dump them elsewhere. Perhaps some molecules stick around with it for the duration of its destructive dance, but plenty of others just hitch a ride for a little while., When I put “racism” into the Encyclopedia electronic search, I got 62 responses. The third one was the entry on Oppression, which gives a clear overview of the concept and the entry cites both Gil and Young (who we mentioned in our earlier comment) which you are welcome to do as ongoing reading. Because oppression is such a critical concept in social work education and practice, and it is also part of understanding a critical perspective that informs your research, I strongly suggest that you do some of this., But, this is the first instalment what have you got to come? Well, it was a trip of high amusement, high cuisine and even higher altitude drinking - not to mention a Goldilocks-esque story of 'who's in my bed?!' to come (not involving me I hasten to add), Al-Jazeera’s crew was roughed about and their camera damaged after they tried to film an officer beating up a protester., You are young and need to learn., I managed to create a new Digi Stamp through all of the commotion over the past two weeks. She will go up for sale tonight (Estern Standard Time). So be sure to check my Etsy Shop tonight or tomorrow morning (depending on your time zone)!, Who went home? Jennie., Opinion: I find it kind of boring. It’s quite boyish, but not in a way I’m a fan of. It almost feels like a variant of Daniel. It would be more unique than Danielle though (and a bit of a nicer name)., 25g icing sugar, I am so happy I was there to be in that moment it was so much fun!, I have been making grand plans for next week as I am off school/work for Spring break. In a perfect world I would accomplish the following:, Everyday things that are gifts of love include, an unexpected call from a friend or family member; seeing the little daffodil sprouts peeking up through the snow and dirt; a gift from a loved one made with her own hands; Jenny wren building her nest in a shelterd spot under an canopy in your garden; a cozy fire; a favourite piece of china; a hand embroidered vintage piece of linen; a warm lazy day; and so many more!, When you were down did you wait for me to take you away?, Sunday September 16 – Saturday September 22nd (Contest location will be announced by July 1, 2012), It is also not difficult to understand her anatomy as a politician and as an administrator. She must have seen a lot in her life while growing up as a dalit woman. Life must have been pretty difficult, that’s for sure. Thus, now that she has the power – political power is the maximum level of power anybody can attain at least in India – she thinks – in her own insecure way – that she will take “revenge” – revenge from “manuwadis” – non-dalits – by showing to them that she is their boss now! That she cannot be treated like a dalit anymore. Period., Height (including grasp): 0.9 inches (2.3 centimeters), Then, I added faint reflections on the bottom of the ant by layering on some BG09. Why? Because the gray is blue-toned I can layer a purple (which has blue in it) and add contrasting accents with a Blue Green (which also has blue in it). Because Blue-Green is far away on a color wheel from Violet they have more contrast. However, the ant has a base gray, which brings both colors closer to each other in tone. So now, my gray has subtle tone and interest, even though it could have easily remained a plain gray., Surrounded by his beloved ones; while my mother in law held his hand., 6 EIGHTY-ONE per cent of the world's executions in 2002 took place in just three countries: China, Iran and the USA., I wish I could say I had sailed to the Isthmus of Panama for my hat, but my adventures took me no further than the local hat shop. (The upside of globalization?) Looking back though, my husband and I took home our first Panamas years ago from a dusty, little village in Mexico, crafted by locals who assured us of a weave rivaling the Ecuadorians'. Yes, they demonstrated the roll-up-the-hat-and-watch-it-spring-back-to-shape routine, something I've been too timid to put to the test! Those much-used hats have been retired now., 10 minutes to establish a 1RM Snatch from blocks (just below the knee)., “You have insomnia too, Mom?” She beams, like we’ve both been invited to a Prince’s ball, instead of sentenced to a night without sleep., Due to a banking problem, many (including me) PCVs did not get paid on time. I was a few days into my scrumptious tomato paste and rice diet when another PCV came to visit, not only with her lovely smile – but also some food! I had fun showing her around my village and with two abazungu out and about, we were certainly the center of attention. While it’s easy to get stuck and held up on all the challenges of your site, it was really refreshing to have an outside perspective remind me of all the awesome things that make my site great. I may live in a food desert with no electricity for miles, but if those are my two challenges, I’ll take it., The broad-leaved trees were showing little by little their first green leaves. Still a bit shy, but they were there., By last Thursday I was a mess. By the following Wednesday, I was in terrible pain, vomiting every twenty minutes or so. A headache so splitting I tried to keep one eye shut. I was so dizzy and sweaty they had to keep changing my sheets. I couldn't talk, get out of bed or eat at all. I couldn't even sip a cup of tea and keep it down. Suicide nausea filled every atom, I felt sick in my toenails, in my hair. I didn't want to blink I felt so sick. I went 4 days with no nutrition at all as the feed kept drip-dripping into me only to bounce back out. I went 3 days with no fluids., This is the fifth such invitation I've received, and likely the last now that my baby has reached first grade. The May Crowning (of Mary) and Mother's Day Tea organized by Mrs. Eppler and the first-graders at Nativity school is, and will forever be, one of my most cherished memories of motherhood., You can even schedule your backups and completely customize a backup plan to your liking. Once you’ve installed the app, it’ll scan your SD card and your device’s internal memory the first time you run it. You’ll be able to choose a cloud storage provider where you’d like to backup your data. Sandisk Memory Zone will prompt you for the frequency schedule of your backup, whether you’d like it to be backed up “only this time” or “everyday.”, This cake is super duper simple (one bowl, by hand, no melting, creaming, or getting anything to room temp). It uses olive oil so it’s dairy free (but does contain eggs). You can use either dry white wine or orange juice (I used fresh squeezed orange juice). And, as I joked with a co-worker, it has cornmeal...and that's a vegetable! :), Some people thought enough is enough and created a sort of public commitment declaration to boycott Elsevier including not publishing, peer-reviewing or joining Editorial Boards of Journals own by Elsevier. In principle it seems like a good idea. Let alone the moral stand: Our university is facing cuts in research budget (for seminars, travelling, even teaching) every year for the last three. Giving money to a company whose only effort is some secretary work, printing books and running a website making over 20% of benefit a year seems wrong. Especially if we take in account that there are lots of academics behind, funded by public bodies and usually Governments, doing most of the work for free. What’s more, paying for it, since these universities and research centres are the ones which pay for the journals., Sponsored by: Centre for Inquiry, Dying With Dignity, Euthanasia Prevention Coalition, P.S New review coming either today or tomorrow, Here’s a couple of little numbers I’m loving at the moment, bearing in mind I’m a big fan of coral- don’t know if you can tell…, "Do you live nearby?" I asked. He did. Around the corner., “Bulgaria Conducting Workshop” with the Pleven Philharmonic, Bulgaria. The, “YOUR BLOODARU?” he screamed., So how young is to young, to fall in LOVE????/, Tom has moved out of Wetherby, to South Milford or some other place near to Sherburn-in-Elmet, so I probably will see him less and less. Tom is my mum’s ex. She was with him for more than 10 years, but finally through Tom’s ‘laziness’ and Mum’s conceitedness they eventually became to hate each other. My mum some how expects a man to pay or look after her? To keep her in luxury, or something. I can’t logically understand why some women expect this. Its like Prostitution. I have a relationship with this man and for me doing so he will pay me x amount and shower me in x things. My mum never told him he’d have to contribute to living @ 42 Braine Road so he never did, but after a while she expected him to contribute – why should he suddenly do this?, It is a singular but instructive fact that the desire on the part of some to exalt this sacrament, as the means of inducing regeneration, has led to a depreciation of this term, by a lowering of the spiritual value of its connotation. Inasmuch as facts will not allow us to affirm that the administration of the ordinance is followed, in the vast majority of cases, by any moral results that can be discerned, it has been concluded by many who belong to the High Church school that the benefits of regeneration are not to be looked for (at any rate directly) in the moral region; the grace that is bestowed is a capacity or potentiality rather than any thing that affects us consciously; it is the implanting of a germ, which may or may not develop and fructify, rather than the occurrence of a moral or spiritual revolution., I knew this would happen! I knew all of my life that I was destined for the red carpet. It is my karma..it is the way it should be! It is what I have planned on my whole life. I am red carpet material..yessirreee!, Like most of us, I first encountered Pete Brown through his books about beer, which are at the same time informative and highly amusing. He has always struck me as someone who would be excellent company for a night in the pub. But recently my admiration for him has further increased due the outspoken stance he has adopted in combating the tide of neo-Prohibitionism., This seems highly, highly unlikely to be the case. This is part of the atheist’s dilemma. Who really knows what is right and wrong in the atheist’s system? Who will hold us accountable in the atheist’s system? (One another? OJ proves that notion is laughable.) How will justice be finally ‘worked out’ in the atheist’s system? Worse, where is grace in the atheist’s system? Where is life in the atheist’s system? Are we really to believe that death is the great equilizer?, She is vey sexy, but she is completely oblivious to it, like Honey. Though unlike her, Dogu-chan does notice the guys gawking at her. Her reply, "What?.....these?......they are for feeding young children.....what is the big deal?", He held a wooden object, beautifully carved from bamboo. The handle was smooth. It had been passed down throughout he centuries because it was magic. He held it out into a fall of crystal blue water. And instead of softly falling to the floor, the water grew., No, I didn't leave the show with any autograph cards, patch cards, or super-snazzy vintage. But don't complain., 150 West 96th Street, Indianapolis, I came up behind her and wrapped my arms around her and gave her a hug. Just then she grabbed my forearms with both hands and told me I wasn't leaving. I kind of chuckled and told her I had to; she told me to call in sick. Her mother then laughed a bit and said, "Sweetheart she's already been to work, they'll know she isn't sick." I gave her one last quick hug and then walked out the door., We made it back to the room in time but this poor kid was “unwell” for the rest of the night and spent the next day in bed. I called the restaurant the next day because in the state we live in, that’s what you do and then you get a call from the Health Department and they pepper you with inane questions like, “Are you sure this was something you ate in a restaurant and didn’t prepare yourself ma’am?” Or my favorite, “Did you see anything in your food as you were eating it?”. ????, More than that, however, it highlights something that every writer signing a publishing contract needs to be aware of: the importance of reversion clauses (which publishers often like to keep as vague as possible so they can hold on to rights for as long as possible), and the problems that can arise even when authors and their agents re-write open-ended reversion clauses to make them more precise., Coping with Harassment through the Blog, The Institute is a hands-on museum that covers about every topic in science that you can imagine. My children rode (yes, it moves up and back!) on a 350-ton locomotive,, And my favorite: "God's in the pharmacy, talking to Jesus.", JIMENEZ-GARCIA R, HERNANDEZ-BARRERA V, CARRASCO-GARRIDO P, SIERRA-MOROS MJ, MARTINEZ-HERNANDEZ D, DE MIGUEL AG. Influenza vaccination coverages among Spanish Children, Adults and Health Care Workers. Infection 2006; 34: 135-141., 8. In one, I play as yordles (dafuq folks) and in the other, I get to play as 8 foot tall warmonsters with a penchant for TEARING YOUR HEART OUT WITH A SPOON. GG yordles., 1/2 c lightly packed fresh basil, roughly chopped, I now feel confident in saying that most British barrels were unlined until at least 1940. Good to know., “You’d be perfect, if you just put out.”, 59. It was love at first sight. —Joseph Heller, Catch-22 (1961), The organisms that eat small amounts of blood, much like mosquitoes do. For lice, wash Clothing in hot water is necessary prior to drying at high temperature. So simply, what are the bugs? Lice are small parasites that attach themselves Oviparous scalp and supply on blood of its host to survive. Do not rinse it, but take a shower cap and sat on his head for 30 minutes anyway., I totally agreed. Some whites, in black company, beset by the contradiction between long-learned racism and the demands of courtesy, confusedly offend listening blacks. The stereotypical "Some of my best friends..." and other awkward attempts at what they think to be civility, elicit from black people an outburst of anger whites can neither comprehend nor avoid. Was this not exactly the kind of information Angelou was demanding of her fan? Perhaps she was simply trying to show up this woman's apparently surface-level commitment, but surely there is a better way. If anyone can explain this apparent contradiction, I would certainly like to hear it., Total playing time: 33:37, George Michael, a 40-year fading, I have been fighting it for days but today I sprent the day on the sofa., I know. All of you folks out there who have Sonlight or A Beka Curriculum guides to rely upon are probably hyperventilating right about now. Believe me, I have considered what the blessing of knowing what is going to be done on any given day (and not needing to plan anything myself) might be. But any time I try it, it's a big flop., Okay okay, I kind of fell down on the job of writing regular posts, but I'm catching up now, so all good!, And Then the Voices Come… Like Bees In My Head… They Will Not Relent, your plans, ya know.................but all in all it could be, STIR IT INTO A BALL AND REMOVE FROM HEAT, All one has to do to find out some of the crazy things I did is check out my senior page in my yearbook. There's the photo of me and my friends alongside 'Bob', the old man that drove around the Wal-Mart parking lot in a golf car as a security officer. We made friends with him (hey. There wasn't exactly a lot to do in the small town, all right?) and he used to let us go for rides., This is something you know, if you've ever experienced the pleasures of returning to one of your favorite books from childhood:, Games- Introduce game: How long did the disciples fish? (All night), For the Killer Blogfest, I wanted to take my favorite killer characters and tell you why I love them. That's when I realized that what's killer about this blogfest is deciding who my favorite anything is., Prominent among them are Anwar Ibrahim, Lim Kit Siang, Mat Sabu, Lim Guan Eng, just to mention a few. Who in their right mind would imagine that these leaders of outstanding integrity and steadfast principles would have done anything that would undermine the security of the nation?, And he reverently consumes the Body of Christ., OU comments: This was the 1st US tour for then 21 year old Sinéad who was riding the hugely popular debut album "the lion and the cobra". At the time of this posting (late March 2012) there was just one other earlier USA Sinéad show, five days before this one from March 26th at the World in N.Y.C., But James says the exams are a public safety issue. On his campaign website, he cited a 2004 U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics report that connected a 72 percent increase in work/traffic-related fatalities to drivers' inability to read road signs in English., Speaking of cake, let's let Scarlett do what she does best. Every Monday, set your smart phone, alarm clock, or talking parrot to remind you that this blog is where you need to be for delicious, farm fresh dishes and desserts that will have you thinking meat is as useless as those toaster pop tart instructions. This week, Scarlett teases us with decadent strawberry cake and a vibrant bowl of fava bean quinoa pilaf here. Next week she'll put her own words down, but for now, tell us, what are your fave meatless recipes?, "Must get milk, petrol light will be on soon, must respond to that email, can't forget to call and cancel that appointment, must make hair appointment, kids sheets need changing this weekend, Immy needs pants as the others are too small, must get to dance shop for Immy's tap shoes, wonder if there is meat in the freezer for dinner...", Hey friends!, Officers had to attend because the caller didn’t want a person to be around their address and they haven’t asked them to leave but they ring us, or even better, the caller received a call, it was a wrong number but they are worried its a crank call- call us…. Come on – keep piling it on., Please vote for your favorite A to Z Video!! These folks worked hard on their creations and deserve your support. Voting ends on Sunday night. Go to the A to Z Blog and vote!, I also sewed the straps on backwards. I'll make sure to mark more concisely next time so I can decipher my "dots"!, “But beyond the U.S. commitment to the NATO alliance, Stavridis noted Europe’s strategic geographic position. Forces easily can pivot from Europe into the Middle East, the Levant area at the crossroads of western Asia, the eastern Mediterranean and northeastern Africa, the Mediterranean as during the Libya operations, and down into Africa, he said.”, I received a complimentary copy of this book from Tyndale House Publishers. I was not required to write a positive review, my thoughts and opinions are my own., they too have their story., Location: Wichita, KS, know through him –, What would worsen it is the fact that the altercation came amid Ambiga’s vow to respect the court order and pledge that Bersih 3.0 will act in accordance with the law., No matter which side of divide you fall on, nuts are a divisive issue. Reporting from a 2007 tart contest, Susan Sampson of the Toronto Star says, “Peering at one entry with pecans poking through the filling, a judge peevishly complains: ‘But that’s a pecan tart! It’s not a butter tart!’”, Geez, I would totally understand if you told me straight up that I pushed the wrong buttons or I stepped on some nerves because I honestly don’t get where and in what way I have wronged you. I’m certain though that it’s unintentional and I’m totally unaware of it cos in my part, I wouldn’t consciously do anything to attack you. I’d take a bullet first before I do that. Srsly., The decision on the part of the Occupy movement to create a protest with protest itself as its only fixed content was, as I suggested earlier, a brilliant tactical stroke. What makes for good tactics, though, may not be equally wise as strategy. If the movement proceeds along the lines mentioned already, moving to the formulation of demands and then to the pursuit of active political goals, it has a good chance of dodging the inherent strategic weaknesses of its tactical choice. The longer it tries to avoid formulating its own coherent vision, though, the more likely it is to find itself following out the implications of someone else’s vision. That may happen by way of the contemplation effect—there’s a reason why revolutions so often end up installing governments all but identical to the ones they overthrow—or by way of any of several other modes of derailment; as history shows, a movement of the kind we’re discussing can run off the rails in any of a remarkable number of ways., The size settings for the Charlie Bananas are very similar to other pocket diapers I have used. There is an elastic that you can adjust to get the perfect fit. My son is wearing them in the M size and they fit great., Yes or live without life, The NASSCOM software product study, what is it that we lack and how to help homegrown businesses go global was the focus for the research finding. We looked at the Silicon valley and other parts of the globe, exhibiting similar growth patterns in India could result into opening newer vistas into hugely untapped local markets., Saturday we dyed eggs. Soon after we started and egg dye got all over clothes and carpet we decided to take the party outside and ditch the clothes., Solar System debris rains down on Earth in vast quantities — more than a hundred tons of it a day. Most of it vaporizes in our atmosphere, leaving stunning trails of light we call shooting stars. More hazardous are the billions, likely trillions, of leftover rocks — comets and asteroids — that wander interplanetary space in search of targets., While on tour in England in 2008, our British tour guide mentioned “We don’t do much medieval here”. My husband and I were standing in Salisbury Cathedral later in the day and I was thinking to myself, why not? That lovely spire that was the highest in Europe for many years was built in 1358 and it’s still standing! This got my imagination going and when I returned to the States, I began studying medieval British history with a vengeance., There are other themes that intersect the plays script. The large funding received by organizations in the name of AIDS and the little output they produce for the money. In contrast the dedication of individuals who work against the disease without any remuneration whatsoever. That these individuals too have their own human weaknesses goes without saying. This is not a morality play. There are other important issues that the play addresses though not directly., Allowed to look upon, but never say –, It is an American tragedy whenever an unarmed teenage boy--of any color--is fatally shot. And when you strip down the Trayvon Martin shooting to its core, that is exactly what we were all faced with in Florida several weeks ago--a senseless tragedy. As a result, there has been a re-emergence of questions about the meaning of race in today's America. I will be taking on some of these tough questions in a series of blog posts I'm calling "An Inconvenient Truth." In this discussion of race in America, I will pull no punches., Have a wonderful month!, Would the poor brave and loyal Nishada, Ekalvya have lost his thumb and his skill if not for Drona’s love and pride in Arjuna?, Snowman’s Acreage Warp, Since our last post, Jackson has continued to amaze us on a daily basis. He is such a smart, smart boy. Some of his favorite things are football, playing basketball with his little tikes basketball net (which he's quite good at I might add), climbing the stairs ha ha, playing in his ball pit which he got from grandma and grandpa porter for his birthday, brushing his teeth, playing with the dogs, turning light switches on and off, opening doors, fans (oh how he LOVES fans), and reading. It took him a while to really get into books, and now he loves them. But not being read to (unless PopPop smith is doing the reading). He likes to read the books himself and point at all the pictures to have you tell him what each picture is. And more recently he's started picking up books and "singing" the abc's, as if that is what's written in the book. Only the abc song that he sings sounds more like "d,c,d,c". It's definitely very cute., Some of the names on ‘ze list’ are familiar to me others are not. One that sticks out is Tony Ward. Tony you might recall is the long term activist who put himself in harm’s way during a fund raising event for the party and got his head smashed with a hammer by UAF thugs., here at Heaven's Walk., I also added a tiny hint of a mint-y green to the sides of the blog (which might read as white on some monitors) because, although you know I love an all-white look, I thought it might be easier on the eyes than miles and miles of white. But I kept it simple and subtle because I like my photos to pop. I already had some mint-y green going on so now the look is more cohesive., 6 kiwis, sliced, Based on the council’s record, no vehicles were towed at 10.30pm and none in Beach Street as alleged by Ooi., “We’re going to be moving in many cases toward a private cloud construct, but we’re thinking about the possibilities for commercial cloud,” Takai told an audience at the annual Defense Information Systems Agency conference, according to Information Week. “One of the things my office is working on is, as we move toward commercial cloud, what does that mean and what do we need from a DoD perspective.”, Here is a vintage birthday card made using a wonderful stamped image from Sweet Stamps, a couple of Cheery Lynn die cuts, lots of Creative Inspirations paints, some sticky back canvas, a little Shimmer Sheetz, and an outline sticker sentiment., After a brief pause, my radio crackles to life again with a heavily-accented Asian voice, “This is Nguen, in the back of the truck, reporting two loaded.” His transmission is cut off, but he still has the transmit button pressed as I hear in the background someone say, “Give me the fucking radio!”, Now, I mentioned a little fixer upper. I can see the potential in just, It usually is really valuable in any one several scenarios., And I'm off..., Yup, Karol is dragging me kicking and screaming off to another cruise. This time it's through the Panama Canal and lasts 14 days. I tell you its hard to lay back on that deck chair and be waited on hand and foot. Makes a fella wish for his saws and whittlin tools. Ah but I'll survive somehow, and at the end of it all, I promise there will be a hook up for bids that will amaze you. A hint. I colaborated on this one with an extremely talented bead artist., As an Indie Author, I'm not so sure you can make your promo tweets "useful" or "urgent" but let's see what happens when I start dissecting the process. Okay, your story's plot has a conflict (trust me, it's in there! every functioning story has a conflict) so you can use that conflict to drive the "urgency" part of your tweet. The "usefulness" and "ultra-specific" aspect can be satisfied by the methods you provide for finding your book. That is, the link to the store will be useful (and mentioning a free sample is useful) and you can use hashtags for the ultra-specific part. If you're targetting iOS users, for instance, use the ultra-specific #iPad hashtag and then be sure to use your link in the Apple iTunes Store. Here's how an Apple iTunes URL is constructed (just change the ISBN to your own number), I was astonished to learn in Barbara Eldredge’s “Missing the Modern Gun: Object Ethics in Collections of Design,” that while we have enough guns in this country to arm every man, woman, and child, NOT ONE single design museum in the U.S. has a modern gun in its collection. Talk about denial!!!, We live in a time of obsession with celebrity. Every child wants to grow up to get their 15 minutes of fame, as promised by Andy Warhol., With respect, tact, grace and magnanimity, Serve with a delicious, chilled glass of The Good Earth’s Rosé!, It wasn't too long ago when Torendi held its first and last Design Team Competition and Beth's out-of-the-box and unique approach to paper crafting caught our eye!, Shit, I’m really tired and horny., If you are city folk who believe in global warming, you are going to tend to subscribe to all the ecological scenarios of doom. You will believe in global warming, even at the same time that peak oil implies that we are running out of stuff to heat the world up with. You are more likely to believe in a future dystopia (versus complete collapse) and are not going to be as interested in scenarios that require bugout bags., Maybe it's hormones; the spotting is really bleeding and has turned red. I am weepy without being able to pinpoint why. I dreamed last night I was stabbed over and over and left for dead - the vivid sort of dream I rarely have any longer (to be fair, the other really vivid part was a long interview about Oliver Phelps curly-haired girlfriend Jessika and how much he loves her - I remember that very well, being befuddled by it in the dream as I watched the interview)., The Fuzzi Bunz One-Size Pocket Diaper is stuffed with the "small" insert. It adjusts with elastic in the back and legs to get a great fit! I did find these to have a little more bulk to them when the legs are cinched very tight but they fit closer to 9 pounds., In the initial instance, a young lady in the power chair lobbed a series of powder-puff questions about my recent work history, all of which I handled as smoothly as Lady Gaga hitting the high notes. I even managed to squeeze some lighthearted banter into a chin-wag that would determine if I was to remain between assignments or make a re-entry into the work force., “Individuals with low self-esteem become overly sensitive and fearful in many situations,” she said. “They are afraid they won’t know the rules or that they’ve blundered, misspoken or acted in ways others might consider inappropriate. Or they might perceive that others reject or are critical of them.”, 5.- Guard against too much severity. By pursuing a steady course of efficient government, severity will very seldom be found necessary. If, when punishment is inflicted, it is done with composure and with solemnity, then occasions for punishment will be very infrequent., Me: OK, I will see if we can find one, Today, however, I did manage to spend a goodly amount of time crafting and the first thing I made was a snippet make for Pixie's Crafty Snippet Challenge # 18 - it wouldn't do to miss a chance to skip into Di's playground :), Well, except for Kemel and Waterfield, both of whom are killed protecting others. Maxtible is left on Skaro. The Doctor and Jamie escape the destruction with Victoria in tow. This is our new TARDIS crew. We’ll see how it works out., Upon entering their space, I was immediately amazed by the spectacular marriage of industrial design and vintage objects. Spread around the studio, you could easily find a metal table close to a wooden piece from an old carousel. Every object displayed has a story and was restored or maybe even transformed into something else. Some works are the result of collaborations; others were entirely created by them - and still others were put in a context that was completely, I have a good excuse though. I was in the hospital. Then the day after I got out, John went in again. Seriously. Stomach ailments for me (still no diagnosis, but I'm on the blandest of diets, and will be going through some more testing), and another episode of heart failure for John., The comparison between Schleigh and Barnes is somewhat simpler than comparing Barnes to LaGarde, since both players are the same height (6-6) and played against the same opponents. Schleigh shot somewhat less often than Barnes (23.8% of shots to 26.4%), but made an impressive 62.5% of his twos and even more impressive 46.0% of his also-frequent threes. This gives him an effective field goal percentage of 0.652 against Barnes’ 0.511 mark, and when combined with his free-throw shooting Schleigh owns a 0.672-0.540 advantage in true shooting percentage. This means that while Barnes shot a little more often, Schleigh shot significantly better., I myself can be quite the nay-sayer, but I think when someone says "I'm going to try to be a better person", it's not something to put down. We should lift the resolutioners up. Support them in their endeavors to stop effing-up instead of telling them "Meh, you'll never make it, no one keeps New Year's resolutions.", The holes do not match up to the big hole on the other side. That allows a child on one side of the apparatus to pour into the hole on the table side without it spilling on the floor or interfering with the play of a child on the other side. Watch it in action., You’re right: thanks for clarifying. :-), Anastasia Liasidou, Roehampton University, London, England: Inclusive education and critical pedagogy at the intersections of disability, race, gender and class, We have gotten used to being constantly slandered and lied about., You best not fasten my seatbelt, chump, He also spends a bit of time attacking the tired notion that when rich people get richer they create jobs:, Frances K. Mertes was a woman from Wisconsin who is remarkable to me. In the year 1912, she did an almost unthinkable thing for a woman in her time and graduated from Marquette University with a degree in Pharmacy. She graduated as an Assistant Registered Pharmacist and worked for a number of years until her death (cerca 1925)., It is true that most entrepreneurs I have known would never have considered working for a large company. To them, such a life would seem too constraining, bureaucratic, and unfulfilling. However, would we drive more innovation in our organizations if we sought to hire people with some of the character traits listed above? In most organizations, we don’t screen for such things. But . . . we could., i love spending it with them., This is Kurt's assistant, Malcolm, again. I hate to be a pest (not true), but I still have not received your remittance for OPE Year Six. Kurt has urged me to "let it slide," but I was not raised that way. My caregivers taught me the importance of responsibility. They also kept me in a laundry hamper until the age of seven, but nobody's perfect., Anyone who suffers with depression knows that the core of who we are is or has been suffering some kind of trauma. What is it that rocks our world in such a way that little bits of ourselves flake away while we desperately try to hold it together? Sometimes there are answers and sometimes there aren't. I've always desperately wanted answers. I felt that if I could only understand my depression I could solve it and it would go away. Not so. I understand bits of it but not the whole. Sometimes the more I try to work it all out, the more it eludes me and that is frustrating. I have learnt that I have to go with the flow and sometime I'm kicking and screaming all the way, it feels just too hard. But then I'm reminded of the gum tree., I'm sure, like me, a lot of you have been gardening over the weekend. I've been concentrating on the area in front of the summerhouse and intend buying more plants later this week. I have sown some seeds for the first time as I usually buy the plants so we'll see how they work out., He is my Shepherd and I am His little lamb., A generator can be converted to the power source on your house. They will allow you took cook and operate your stove. They are dangerous and can’t be operated inside, and you need to know what your doing when you rewire your houses power source. (Generators will be covered in Power and Fuel Sources)., Singaporean fans of K-pop idol groups SHINee, B1A4, Teen Top, and 7.9.4.2 can catch them in person this June when they head down for a group concert., Dinner was fresh, fresh, fresh. Colorful fruits and veggies, steaks and skewers and corn off the cobb. (Plug for my husband – he is a master of the grilling craft. Amazing. mouth-watering.) We ate picnic style in the backyard… and then more games, outdoor and indoor., Someone planted a seed in me throughout my growing years, and those weren’t by accident but guided by God. Someone planted, someone watered, and someone harvested. Unlike gardening, I may not see the results from my work—if they flowered, or if the last frost before spring froze the buds off the tree. Things happen sometimes that make us question God’s ways or get angry or sad. The seeds of some may not take root…ever., Twitter: @peternickeas, Last night, I managed to speak to the man I wanted to interview about the alleged fraud, and whose house I was outside when I was attacked. He said: "I am not going to talk to you about this. Why have you been knocking on my door. You don't disturb me. If you knock on my door again I will take you to court.", The last boss to have the kind of CV that the Capello’s and Mourinho’s of this world have was the late, great Sir Bobby Robson., This is something Sam decided to do all on his own. I only got to read it just now and still haven't heard the audio., Back to the future at the Brittanicus base in a second ice age, the Doctor defended the Earth once more, this time from the defrosted Martians dubbed "Ice Warriors." Then it was off for some more doppleganger danger in Australia and Europe as the Doctor stopped his Mexican, physically identical twin Salamander from taking over the world., The headlines were sober; they did not scream at you nor offend your sensibilities. The writing was clean, crisp and lucid. The editorials were magisterial; thoughtfully and closely argued, they provided insight and leadership on a wide range of issues, national and foreign. Shortly after its debut, NEXT was parading some of the finest writing to have graced Nigeria’s news media in recent memory., Deeva has no number two on her list, but never mind. Our Muslim friend would like us to believe that 'jihad' is as innocuous as helping Granny cross the street. Where could we infidels get the quaint notion that Jihad means holy war? Oh yeah, from the Muslims themselves, as well as their own religious teachings, put this beyond a shred of doubt., Back, the worms’-bed lacking,, People:, Acquisition of land by the government for public purpose or for the companies is governed by the Land Acquisition Act, 1894., Today’s agent list comes from The Nelson Literary Agency, located in Denver, Colorado. Don’t let the non-NYC address dismay you. They are a reliable, strong, and profitable agency. If you haven’t discovered their blog, PubRants, or signed up for their monthly newsletter, you’ll want to. Agents from this agency frequently do webinars and attend conferences and conventions. Their clients, recent sales, and track records are easy to find both on their website and Publisher's Marketplace. Take the time to read through these to see if they might be a good fit for you., The ability to change our belief systems isn't a bad thing. Take the above for example .... imagine if, as a society, our beliefs hadn't changed in the last sixty years. To live a life with true health, forward movement, tolerance and with minimal judgement, it's important to challenge our belief systems often., She makes me want to take huge risks., 2) The refusal to accept the legitimacy of the existing legal order., “Ineffectively?”, 1. cutting a 3/4" circle from Lacy Labels, Don't give up if you're in the thick of it in your marriage right now! I am so very, very happy! So deeply in love!!! Last evening we went out to a restaurant. Neal got up to go to the restroom and upon returning to the table, he sweetly played with my hair on his way by. And yesterday I was doing a silly dance to a reggae song in the living room and I said, "look neal. I look just like my mom!" We had a good laugh and then he said, "don't ever EVER do that again...." I mean who wants their wives to look like their mother in laws right?, Where’s the family who once occupied it?, “Responding to concerns voiced by privacy advocates, conservative groups and hundreds of thousands of Americans, the House Intelligence Committee has revised parts of the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, also known as CISPA., I'm so thankful for the opportunity to create stamps for you girls..., I used my photo voucher to get a picture with Heather Langenkamp. She’s one of the very few people I get really geeky over so it’s hard to walk that line between fan and filmmaker. However, I recently heard a quote from Guillermo del Toro from when he was at the San Diego Comic Con that makes me feel a little better about loving this genre and the people in it: “I don’t know how many years I’ll direct or be able to produce but I know one thing. The one thing I can finance is I’ll be a fan my whole fucking life.”, and I quote," MUTHERFUCKKER, FUCK YOU, GONNA MAKE ME KILL YOU, I DON'T WANNA HEAR BOUT, DAT, ALL DAT SHIT IS DEAD, YAH HEARD? DEAD NO FUCK DAT AN FUCK YOU I AIN'T TRYIN TO HEAR THAT SHIT AND YOU PISSIN ME DA FUCKOFF, SO UMMA HAVE TO FUCK-- NAW SHUT DA FUCK UP, YA HEARD?!...", “Jake Shimabukuro, who is making a name for himself by playing the ukulele in ways never imagined before, will appear at 7 p.m. Sunday, March 11, in the Carlsen Center’s Yardley Hall at Johnson County Community College., Elsewhere, Hatlo refers to the contentious nature of his own marriage. This takes on a rather chilling tone when you consider that just a few years later, the artist's wife disappeared when she "fell off a cruise ship" under circumstances which were never explained. From the Oakland Tribune, September 14, 1935:, Would you double park in the middle of the street for her? I'm not ashamed to say I did just that. I spotted her on the lawn just as I was driving up to a yard sale on Saturday. Cars were parked up and down both sides of the street and I just couldn't risk her being carried away in the time it took me to find a legal parking spot., Lord Falconer, of course, is perfectly free to set up an ad hoc committee to take evidence and make recommendations to Parliament. It is a free country and he has every right to try and influence public policy., From a survival perspective it also has the significant flaw of being less of a priority compared to more populated regions. If money has to go to fix roads, if help has to be sent or if internet connection has to be improved, will they do it in the 1.000 population town or the 100.000 population one first?, Christmas of course is always people under a lot of pressure- people who fight more, curse more, beat their wives and kids more, probably because they can’t afford to be generous- because they’re reminded- everywhere- of how little they actually have. And think about how much this all happens in public- in stores, on the street, on buses and trains, in person and on cell phones., His Grandfather, William divorced and remarried, c. 1930. (Tom was from the 1st marriage), There is thus no doubt in my mind that God, at the dawn of civilization, utilized Cain’s superhuman intelligence for the long-term benefit and progress of all humanity. I may be wrong, but it seems as if part of God’s plan with mankind was to delay progress at various intervals, and to give man time to contemplate and learn from past errors, past deceptions, and past wars. It is regrettable that so much blood had to flow, BUT by what other means does one write the law into the hearts and minds of men, than by instruction through trial and error, and also -- bloodshed?, SPN’s fall 2010 conference featured the man perhaps happiest with the explosion in virtual education: Jeb Bush. “I have a confession to make,” he said with grin. “I am a real policy geek, and this is like the epicenter of geekdom.” Bush shared his experiences initiating some of the nation’s first for-profit and virtual charter school reforms as the governor of Florida, acknowledging his policy ideas came from some in the room. (The local SPN affiliate in Tallahassee is the James Madison Institute.), Assemble:, So I'm five stories into The Axiom Few's world and I'm wondering whether to flesh out the canon with more short stories or press on with a novel. A novel, as I said before, would be a big undertaking and I have a few ideas for it, but I don't want to undermine the format of the short stories which seems to work so well. I rather like the idea of constructing the whole canvas (back story and all) in a collection of short stories that fit together as puzzle pieces, rather like they are beginning to now. Other ideas have crossed my mind, such as creating an Axiom Few blog with running, serialised entries by Geek and Archer. How does that sound?, 1 3/4 cups masa harina, Web site: www.broadpeak.tv, Instead of trying to repeat myself the thirteenth time, I grabbed him by the hair and banged his head into the page twelve times in the hope that some of it would seep through his skull. The boys head passed the halfway point and reached the page a dozen times with force. Before Newton, this is how Zeno’s paradoxes were solved. Zeno’s Arrow Paradox was solved by men shooting arrows into other men. Even the indisputable logic of Greeks could not argue with a shaft in the torso. No matter what the arrows did at finite points of stopped time, no matter how still they were, they always found themselves in the spleens of other men., And Lastly the hubby really out did himself this time. For the birth of our daughter and our 10 year anniversary he surprised me with this., an invisible cloak, Though Namecheap doesn’t know where the transfers originated , they ended the day with 27,200 transfers, giving them more than 77,000 inbound transfers since they announced their anti-SOPA stance on Dec. 22, a company spokeswoman Tamar Weinberg said in an email., Love Laura x, the present holds its breath, Now, I don't plan to quit blogging...but I might consider hanging to ANOTHER blog server...like WORDPRESS., There are two main reasons for choosing annuities:, Why Do You Read Books?, By joining a Stampers 6 club, you get the chance to spread the cost while building up your collection & are still able to enjoy the free benefits., If you’re not absolutely thrilled, you need to read that again. Can you imagine? God is going to wipe every tear from our eyes! That almost makes me want to cry just to give Him tears to wipe away! When I read that, and when I truly tried to wrap my mind around it, I think I may have had my first taste of real joy., 26. So many wonderful hugs and kisses., sun bear frame, The blackberry, raspberries and strawberries are showing plenty of healthy new growth and leaves. The latter also have lots of flowers. A week or so ago the comfrey hardly had leaves but look at it now., The best way I have found is to recrease the horizontal and vertical center lines. Then fold the top left and right points inwards to form two top triangles. Turn the model 180 degrees and repeat this last step., Manhattan, I am not afraid that my kids will never learn not to hit people or scream at people, just like I was not afraid they would never walk. My kids know they shouldn't hit people. They know it isn't nice to scream at people. They even often apologize for doing these things, without me requiring it., Well gather round your chairs children and stare at me fascinatedly with your moon-faces., “You see other reason?”, Unfortunately, Jason and I don't have too many pictures of just the two of us.Once you have a kid, you find that most of your pictures are of either you or your spouse with your child. Since I don't think it'd be a great idea to teach Aidan how to use our expensive camera, we don't have very many pictures of Jason and I together., Talk to me of your success, your failures, I must say... it was REALLY good. Very. But you'd better have a brand new box of tissues sitting next to you, extra soft. I'm reading it for a book club and I got midway through when I texted a friend who is also in the book club., D. Miller says:, Steve Martin once told a joke: “How to earn a million dollars and not pay any taxes: 1. Earn a million dollars; 2. Don’t pay any taxes.”, She’s become a hit with celebrities, getting retweets and DMs from pop stars and pro athletes alike and becoming something of an online celebrity in her own right. Earlier this year, the NBA player Nate Robinson invited her and her grandson to a game after chatting over Twitter., He made a mini sea glass window. Not really an "invention" per se but definitely recycled and it is useful- it makes any window look pretty, especially on a dreary day like today!, Lets begin with how we place the captcha information into the HTML form. Here is the HTML snippet that addresses captcha., To be honest, at this time in my life my paycheck barely covered my bills, let alone extras. But I reasoned that what I'd spend over one or two nights out at some lame bar with a bunch of predatory losers could cover a whole month's subscription to eHarmony. And if, in that month, I found no one of interest, then I would chalk it up to experience and move on., Bonnie Princ Billy – Joy and Jubilee – Ease on Down the Road (2001), Amazon (December numbers, as of a few minutes ago): 1661, DO YOUR SISTER:, In 1801, Beethoven confessed to his friends at Bonn his worry of becoming deaf. At Heiligenstadt, in 1802, he wrote a famous text which expressed his disgust at the unfairness of life, that he, a musician, could become deaf was something he did not want to live through. But, music made him carry on and he wrote that he knew that he still had many other musical domains to explore, to discover, and to pass on. Beethoven did not commit suicide, rather, knowing that his handicap was getting worse and worse. He threw himself into his greatest Beethoven music; Sonatas for Piano (notably The Storm, Opus 31), the second and the third symphonies – The Eroica and of course many more., begin to destroy, Mr. Bergman was born on Nov. 29, 1939, in Cleveland, one of two children of Oscar and Rita Bergman. His parents hosted a radio show in Cleveland when he was growing up, “Breakfast With the Bergmans.” His father also worked as a reporter for The Plain Dealer., "When you sign up for this job you know what you are getting into," Raiola said on Tuesday. "Granted, the money is a lot more now, but at the same time, you know you are going to get dinged up. You are hitting almost every play., 09-Niney And Errol T-False Ship, Life is luck, make it., Eber & Wein, on the other hand, does not appear to have been around for more than a millisecond in schemer time. This cached version (the original listing has expired) of its incorporation announcement reveals that it filed incorporation articles on January 20, 2009--nearly two months after the contest ad ran., LABOUR: Pasty pasty pasty. Current government pasty pasty pies. Ambient temperature. Pasty pasty. Pasty pasty pasties pies cool down pasty pasty pies sausage rolls ambient temperature. I love pasties., That is one of the main reasons I feel Amway is such a cult and not a traditional MLM business. They are not about making friends they are about making money. Although obviously I was about making money too when I joined any of the companies I have been with, after a few years in the industry you realize that this business is about friendships, and personal development. Not sales, not scamming people, not building pyramids like egyptians or anything like that., In the 9th Paara, 7th Chapter-Surah-al-Araaf, Verse206, one will find the first verse about Sajda (prostation)., Mr Anwar concluded by criticising much of the media coverage of the perjury trial of Tommy Sheridan, saying that the decline of court reporting had led to the public only receiving a partial and one sided view of high profile cases that highlighted prosecution evidence but generally ignored the defence case. He also pointed to the fact that “every political party in Scotland had been silent” on the growing News International scandal, a silence he attributed to the continuing “power of News International in Scotland.” He called on Strathclyde police to “cross-reference” their investigation into phone hacking in Scotland with the Metropolitan police in London and for the Glasgow based force to urgently contact those in Scotland whose voicemail may have been intercepted., Has a geocentric view,, p54 “Almost everywhere the expulsion of demons, diseases, and sin coincides – or a one period coincided – with the festival of the New Year.”, "You know, he makes gestures with his hands. And he licks himself.", that the UFO problem engaged the attention of some very, very high level people, Coming up next: the Brooklyn Bridge, 9/11 Memorial, and Top of the Rock., Some of the younger Jesuits were cool; they were into the liberation theology version of Catholicism. They were the ones who got me interested in SNCC and nonviolent civil rights. But the older generation were pretty much universally from the medieval school of Catholicism. They might sneer at the know-nothing Franciscans but they would have gleefully participated in the Inquisition., I didn't trade them or give them away. Or did I. Stop it! You're over-thinking it. Now I'm talking to myself., Using the numbers 1-7 can you make the three ‘arms’ of the Y total the same number. The boys have found one solution, but can you find any others? Why not add your solutions to this post, or bring them into school to put on the maths wall? Are there other letters which could be used for similar problems?, 4 individual, Each of us who are building a ministry need some wiggle room. Recently, at Special Gathering, we’ve been working with a new staff person. She is wonderful and one of the most teachable people I’ve ever met. There are so many things that a person who desires to excel in ministry must learn., 4) “Hey, do you want some…” “No, I can’t eat that, I’ll die.” – Remember when you could eat food, and that’d be the end of it? You eat it. And you forget about it. Not anymore. My body can’t process certain foods anymore. Not only will my stomach hurt, but random other parts of my body will hurt too., Spring is in the air, we had thunderstorms over the weekend, but the Cardinals were, I made this card for the Color Challenge, and did some sponging and paper piecing. I hope you like it., ...however my house rules leave me with little choice but to set aside these for anyone brave enough to start a project called 'The Bottled Cider Year.', The Ideal Wish- Early Morning Laps, The other day when I was driving home in my old Toyota, I glanced at the display in the panel in front of me. It showed 18:18 18. The first two digits signified time, the last the outside temperature in Celsius. I had to smile and recalled a similar event taking place a few months back, when we drove to Prague to visit my family this past July, when the same sequence was 22., She stopped talking and Shmulik jumped in, "I want to hear," he said., Bee Mask, Canzoni dal Laboratorio del Silenzio Cosmico, I'm finally back from vacation and it was so great to meet up with Lacey and her family again. You can see a few holiday snaps in Lacey's fabulous Scrapbook pages below from the day spent at the pool near her beautiful home in Jacksonville., How's THAT for unmemorable junk?, The author’s confident assertion in the midst of political turmoil is founded upon the Ancient Near Eastern concept of divine sonship where the King was somehow connected to a deity. Historians usually distinguish between sonship in Egypt and the rest of the ancient Mediterranean world. Ancient Egyptians, it is said, believed in a literal/physical relationship between a deity and the Pharaoh where, “The Pharaoh is Deus incarnates…The god Amon has begotten him with the queen mother.”[3] Mesopotamians, on the other hand, held to a kind of adoptionism. Kraus says, “Contrary to that [i.e. Egyptian mythology], in Babylonia and Assyria the king is most often understood to be a servant called, installed, and empowered through a ‘statement’ by the gods.”[4] We should exercise caution and restraint in asserting such broad generalizations for either position. According to Jarl Fossum, while literal/physical sonship was portrayed in Egypt, “The enthronement was the definitive act of begetting or deification in Egypt too.”[5] Likewise, while Mesopotamians held to a form of divine appointment, Fossum suggests that there are hints of literal/physical sonship amidst their mythology, “Beginning with the Sumerian king Mesilim of Kish, the Mesopotamian ruler was seen as the ‘son’ or ‘child’ of his god or goddess. The king is said expressly to have been ‘born’ of the deity, and we should obviously understand his sonship in physical terms.”[6] We should exercise this same sense of balance as we strive to understand Ancient Israel’s view of divine sonship., So from now on, I will experiment more, again! Starting today…, I realized today that my kiddie sticker collection only had 'boy'-themed stickers... hardly any 'pink-ish' flower/butterfly ones (forget dolls :D). The letters and number are all Printasticks.The paper is from Itsy Bitsy., After making a round of research, the idea of staying back in KL is a better option as I still have my mum around. Now, that I got my decent living, I am happy and again, thank GOD for guiding me ahead., 1. i teach too fast, We hope you're having a fabulous start of your week., Canada’s only opera celebrity (sorry, Ben Heppner) can be seen on weekly television judging Canada’s Got Talent; she’s also a go-to person for CBC panels, gala shows and as a Juno Award presenter. But if Canada knows her face (and her amazing hair), they’re not likely to have actually heard her voice—Canucks aren’t known for flocking to the opera. And so here is Measha Brueggergosman’s debut pop album, recorded live in front of audiences in Halifax and her hometown of Fredericton, with a band led by Aaron Davis (Holly Cole Trio) and a repertoire spanning spirituals, Cole Porter classics, Maritime country ballads and a song as recent as Feist’s “Cicadas and Gulls” (from her album Metals, which was released mere months, I needed to forgive myself for what I thought was the cause of why I am now going through certain circumstances., Hello and welcome to The Oaken Bookcase!, But before you do, take a moment to imagine that the character you are thinking about was a boy or a man. And don't say 'Well, that's different' or 'But I just can't see a girl behaving this way' or 'It's not about their gender!' or any other excuse. Look at your list again, really look at it. See if, suddenly, magically, all those traits, decisions or actions don't seem bad, unrealistic or obnoxious anymore but like perfectly normal, perfectly acceptable traits or decisions or actions...for a boy., The film is rich with interviews of many Sudan-born Jews who reflect with rueful happiness on their lives in pre-independent Sudan., One editor you do want to know is John Locke who here has gathered some great articles from the publishing trade magazines of the 20s up through the end of the pulp era. Together, the articles give an insider's look at the fiction factories that tried to sate the public's boundless appetite for reading material. The sometimes tenuous relationship between author and editor (and many personages in the book were both) is explored from both sides. Writers and editors express both admiration and exasperation towards the other party, usually with a good deal of jabbing humor thrown in. A publisher might have just a few pulp titles or up to dozens but was always on the lookout for the particular brand of fiction the readers of each magazine craved. A new talent was a discovery to be cultivated, and the goal of editors was to cultivate ultra-prolific authors that could become a familiar name fans associated the magazine. Of course, finding the time to do this while performing the daily tasks of sifting through mountains of stories while also seeing to the business of magazine production was difficult, and often communications were short and sweet. Sometimes the author might not get much more than a rejection slip. The editors make it clear that they have no time for handwritten or single-spaced typed pages or for stories that do not fit the genre and character of their magazines. This was a popular, money-making exercise, and good editors had a pretty clear idea what they were selling. A sharp author kept his eye on exactly what each magazine was buying and followed the trends. I daresay there's plenty of useful information in here for the modern writer as well., and then he asked me, We are :, As i mentioned above, i love the packaging of this energizing lotion and the amount present in it. It has a rich and creamy texture , so only one or two drops is enough . It gets absorbed quickly into the skin and leaves a silky smooth feeling behind. It is non greasy .I guess , this product will be more suitable for mature skin as it will give a instant boost and elasticity to the skin. This lotion is works better as an after bath lotion in this dry winter season. It is suitable for all types of skin , but i feel that it will work better with dry and mature skin., Separate all but a small amount of the stock from the fat. Add water if necessary to bring it up to 2 cups., We should definitely thank our EU neighbors, at this point, as they have done us a major favour. Though I truly do not see the point of placing Yulia in prison and making her living Mandelesk martyr, instead of stripping her of her ill-gotten fortune and sending her into exile where she would eventually just fade away., Fill the country up with the bloody things as far as I'm concerned, but the footage should only be accessed when a crime has been reported/identified and evidence/action is subsequently required. If, as Philip Davies asserts, they are to be used as a tool for liberty, then human misuse must be eradicated and they must never, ever, be employed to actively seek out inconsequential misdemeanours., Our day went perfectly. Bryce & Drew woke before their alarms excited about their big day. They ate a good breakfast, we snapped a few pictures and then hopped on the golf cart for our 6 minute drive to school., Overall, starting your business out of your home (or close to your home) is smart if you can follow these guidelines:, 3. So How Come (No One Loves Me), 5. Evil Cheese, Fine Time, and softly,, FH: Yes, and goes on continually really until July. An important part of the job is reassurance - reassuring the publicists that things will run smoothly,that their authors will be comfortably accommodated. It is part of the publicists’ job to ensure that during the author’s two weeks of publicity there is a neat journey of events e.g. the author could be with us at lunchtime for an event and then go down to Cheltenham for the evening because our festivals run at the same time., (7-16 The Acid Test: A Sound City Production), I am haunted by a passage in a little book, "The Badlands Fox," by Margaret Lemley Warren. She wrote about the adventures of her father, Pete, who ranched along the Cheyenne River at the end of the 19th century. He told her stories of the early days., I will mourn her and miss her like mad,, It was given to me by a friend who left the country. It came in an old, There is a lot of value in challenging ourselves to reach goals. So, I give you...., That I would once again end up with a useless piece of crap, I have just read the fascinating story of three lively young South African girls who went to Europe in the 1960s to spend a year travelling from place to place without spending too much money on their travels. They made use of youth hostels and managed to go from one place to another by hitching rides. Admittedly they had strict rules about hitching so they never came to any harm. Somehow I don’t think it would be possible to do the same trip today as everything is so much more expensive and the South African Rand has diminished in value. The book is well-written and extensively illustrated. I recommend this book to anyone who would like to learn more about the girls’ fascinating European adventure all those years ago. The book is available in print and Kindle editions., Sam: I know what we can do, As the members of the Medical Brigade were given the tour, a young woman worked in the minimalist kitchen, preparing the family’s food. Under a tarp to shield from the bright sun and over a narrow workbench she kneaded corn flour, turning the dough into hand-pressed tortillas which then went onto a wood-fire stove. The stove was adobe brick itself and attached to the outside of the home. A pot of beans bubbled next to the two ‘burners’ occupied by the tortillas., after three fab years living 'down south' we have decided to, I am learning to follow my instincts!, The first two are pretty obvious scam. The latter two are more difficult to see through., These bumps are annoying and will cause you discomfort. This is why it is so important to have it taken care of right away. Genital warts look like little bumps that form around the penis or in and on the vagina, the cervix and the anus. This virus is passed when people engage in all types of sexual conduct. It is important for people to know that these are not the same warts that are found on the hands and feet., Ingredient, “Thanks. That makes me feel so much better. I’ll get the handbasket ready.” I sighed, realizing I was getting nowhere fast. “I suppose you want to be wearing your sandals in the avatar so you look like you’re wearing Jesus-Christ-water-walkers with your jumpsuit. I mean, why not, right?”, Well, we're sitting, and we're waiting. Got to Guiyang around noon, checked into the hotel shortly thereafter, and we'll meet our guide to go to get Maggie at 4:30. Stef wanted a Starbucks, so Graham and I went looking. In Beijing, there is a Starbucks about every 100 yards, certainly I could find one here. We walked a couple city blocks...Graham counted over 300 "stares that he saw"., So most of you know that the smartest man in the world just so happens to be my father. I'm constantly amazed at his endless knowledge, most recently so during a casual conversation about how nasty my plastic garden tub at my aparment is (I'm going to save you the pictures... trust me, NASTY), especially after a few dog baths in it. I mentioned that I've tried EVERYTHING from regular Scrubbing Bubbles to bleach cleaners. All they did was make me frustrated., This book is beautiful!, Not to forgive any despicable act committed, but could any of this backdrop help explain some of their reactions and anger? Must we reduce our views of what happened to the last 4 years alone? Could we maybe just try to place everything in a larger, broader historical context?, We passed this sign at a creperie, which translated "galettes au boeuf" as "beef pancakes." I doubt they're big sellers with the tourist crowd. The translation doesn't really work, plus it sounds sexual. I'm pretty sure if you walk into a place and say, "I want to eat some beef pancakes" you're going to get either a punch in the face or somebody's phone number., sent his beloved Son from on high, I had a lovely day today, went for a little trip to Holywood for lunch and a walk around the forest that I spent most of my time in around the ages of 10/11. It was really nice to go up there, I was always in Holywood when I was younger since thats where my school was and most of my friends lived up there, and I practically lived at their houses at weekends and holidays.^-^, This list of the 613 mitzvot (the commandments) presented here, are based on the list compiled by Rambam in Mishneh Torah (oral tradition, that was later written down). Commandments that can be observed today are marked according to the Chafetz Chayim’s Concise Book of Mitzvot. The laws are divided into positive and negative commandments, but not in my list because of lack of space. There are also laws that only refer to Israel. Commandments that cannot be observed today primarily relate to the Temple, its sacrifices and services because the Temple does not exist and criminal procedures because the theocratic state of Israel does not exist. This is perhaps something for Dominion Covenant Church in Omaha to think about (read my text “Conservative Religiosity – Death Penalty For Gays”, April 30)., A charming little video of home-truths.... 'til next time x, A few days before Duncan's obnoxious review, the New York Times published a more thoughtful review of recent genre fiction by Dana Jennings. Jennings correctly identified Geoff Ryman's "Pol Pot's Beautiful Daughter" as one of the most powerful stories of the past decade. "Pol Pot's Beautiful Daughter" is a ghost story by a genre writer, but I would be surprised to learn that Glen Duncan has ever in his career written a passage as beautiful or thought-provoking., About 2 years ago I ordered a book from Amazon.com using an echeck payment. After a few days, I noticed that the money never came out of my account, so after about 2 hours of searching Amazon.com's extremely un-user-friendly site, I sent them an email that said, "I received this book, but I do not believe it was paid for". The fine folks in the customer service department sent me an email telling me, the book had in fact been paid for. Great!, Whip: 1 cup/160 gramme Sugar and 2 eggs to consistency, Marina Sitrin is with us, postdoctoral fellow at Center for Globalization and Social Change at the City University of New York, author of Horizontalism: Voices of Popular Power in Argentina. And she’s also researching and preparing in—participating in global mass movements, from Spain to Egypt to Greece. Most recently she co-authored the forthcoming Occupying Language, part of the Occupied Media Pamphlet Series published by Zuccotti Park Press., Still on football… Anyone see the new CFL jerseys? Pretty awesome, eh? I heard Fashion Television’s Jeannie Beker this morning on TSN Radio 1050 and she knows her CFL football. She liked them and so do I. You can see them here; http://www.cfl.ca/page/reebok Tell me if you do not also think that the TiCats jersey look the best with the stripes on the sleeves. I still hope they lose every game, but they can look great doing so., Sheikh Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi on Al-Jazeera Threatens a Boycott on Switzerland If ‘We Despair of Other Measures’, The first generation is fairly simple. BlackBerries in the workplace dominated from about 1999 (from the CEO’s office) until 2007 (when the original iPhone was released)., This candy is for my followers - old and new, and I would of course be really happy if you posted about my candy on your own blogs., “We want weapons from Erdogan, we want weapons from Turkey,” he said., (note: This is inspired by a player in the weekly game whose character Martin the Ineluctable recently made very effective use of the Levitation spell.), Theist; How did it did? I wish you had more information beside time did it., Warsaw, Poland, COMMENT :, There are untrusting parents who are so anxious for their children, that while they live they starve their bodies and hazard their souls to leave their children wealthy. In their folly, they fear leaving their children miserable; yet such parents take the only course to make them miserable; for they leave them not so much heirs to their goods as to their evils. The good man, on the other hand, is merciful, and shares what he has with the poor. Habits which the secular man thinks shall make his children poor. Trust Christ with your children; Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, and today, and for ever. Grace and peace are from Him who is, and was, and is to come; so glory and honor to Him, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, and to-day, and forever., So if you are wondering the "whys" behind the items I am selling, well, now you know!, Along with visiting Jean and going to Replacements, I'm looking forward to fried pickle chips, chicken biscuits and spiked Arnold Palmers made with sweet tea vodka. Back on Monday!, We get ideas for each meal for the weekend and for their lunches, because guess what?! If they suggest it, they will eat it!!!, Its off to plan for "Bird Day". Happy Teaching!, Take the journey with her, if you dare., After our forced completion of the treadmill workout after only 30 minutes, the wife and I decided to walk on the track that our friend told us existed in the new (and completely different) part of the gym. We surveyed the possible routes to get to the area, and ultimately decided (as we were guided by the signage) to descend the steps to the first floor and make our way to track area located on, yet again, the 2nd floor of another adjoining structure to where we had just been., Roughly a year later I had my first manic episode (with psychotic features) and I finally got professional help., Saint Louis Brewery / Schlafly Tap Room Schlafly Dry-Hopped American Pale Ale, Online Play: Mario Tennis Open players can compete and cooperate in local wireless matches with other opponents and play exhilarating games. Players can also build up their Open Match standings, check the monthly leaderboard and win Victory Medals from every challenger they defeat., Here we have proof that the British Establishment is run from top to bottom with traitorous scum, what will prosecute retired British soldiers at the same time as sending them to their deaths in Afghanistan and Iraq., On Monday, May 17th I'll be hitting in midtown with a new configuration that I'm really looking forward to. Roberto Romeo (of Roberto's Winds) has been producing a Monday Night series at Rosie O'Grady's on 46th Street. He's been bringing in some great bands. I saw Donny McCaslin's trio, Loren Stillman's band, Greg Osby's sextette and a quartet led by drummer Jonathan Blake that featured Mark Turner and Jaleel Shaw., Bob James and Joe Beck, too, have arranged their share of CTI classics. But it is David Matthews who came to define the last half of CTI's glory years, 1970-1978. Beginning in 1975, after a stint behind James Brown, Matthews was brought to CTI and almost immediately began to make a noticeable impact., Of cause I also tried the Aurica yarn, but this stitch is a bit too complex to use with only the aurica if you want even results. Detached stitches work better than rows. I tried making rows of stitches, but it was so bad I ripped it up., Once again I finished these by the skin of my teeth and for March we have THREE letters of the alphabet, eeek! I've started with all good intentions and I've already done my E tag but knowing me, F and G will be last minute again, lol!, I have a confession…. I have a lover., We are all together pretty much every night but we're trying to get in the habit of having a designated Family Night so, when our kids our older and have their own busy schedules, they will already know to keep that night open for our family., Coloring - While the pony rides were going on I had taped down (it was a very windy day) some free printable cowboy/cowgirl pictures for the kids at their places at the table that they could color if they got tired of watching everyone else ride the horses., Editor: “But this first sentence here… Where you wrote ‘worship god’ and ‘honor god,’ what did you mean there?, He loves Star Wars., Cool till ganache is spreading consistency. Use to drizzle on or fill cookies., climbed on his back. we flew up to a nest in the middle of the sky., This will be a lawyers delight., Interesting article in the New York Times about cyberbullying and proposed legislation in New York. You can find the article HERE. Article below., What if the victims, were themselves part of a larger crime network?, End With The Easy Stuff, 8. I Love Him (Williams), I've been thinking through some New Year's Resolutions in my head. I don't need to quit smoking or drinking. I probably should lose weight and exercise, but in 30 years of resolving to climb such mountains, I have yet to succeed. My New Year's Resolutions will have to do with connecting with people instead., When we met he said he had a request., 2) Watchmen Babies Comic Book (The Simpsons), L: No, you’re making an argument to ignorance. I am saying you simply cannot be absolutely sure that God does or does not exist because there is no evidence. Your claim was “God is a figment of ones imagination.” You’re saying that this is true because the opposite must be false due to lack of evidence. You ARE ‘dismissing’ a claim (God is real) with one of your own (God is imaginary). God exists is a claim. God does not exist is a claim. God is proven neither true or untrue by lack of evidence. To say that one claim can be dismissed because it lacks evidence and thus is untrue is ignorance. Where is your evidence that God is imaginary? I could spout the exact same ignorant argument in your direction as well. “Well, God is not imaginary because there is no viable evidence supporting that he is. So because he has not been proven to not exist, he must exist.” That right there is nonsense., Something American was needed. Something we had really missed. I remembered we bought a bag of chocolate chips when we were in Georgetown in January. Cookies! How perfect?? Some of you know, my favorite thing in life is chocolate chip cookies. Yum!, Changed into pure seeing, I will absorb, as before, the proportions of human bodies, the color of irises, a Paris street in June at dawn, all of it incomprehensible, incomprehensible the multitude of visible things., Harvey Prince: Jodi F, Please think of me, afghaned, sweatered, Law & Ordered, grading student extra-credit assignments, having a casual beer, with nothing but sleep and the making of a kale salad to mark my horizon., For the past five days, I've been struggling to think of some words to write about these muffins that would convince you that you need to try them. Here's what I came up with:, Guiding me closer to home, 1. What was your all-time favorite movie?, Team Cee Lo performed ‘Dancing in the Streets’, in what will go down in history as the best team performance on The Voice (so far…)., And for some reason I seem to think if I can get one of them to follow me on twitter, it will generate a TON of sales, and even though I love my day job, I wouldn't be against being a full time beach writer!, I especially like this excerpt from the article: “An individual’s positive judgment based on their efficacy promotes active involvement in activities and contributes to the growth of competencies needed in that activity.” In other words, the self-efficacy learned on the trail carries over in a positive way into the life of the child outside of camp., On a trip to Paris, they were spotted at a lesbian bar. One account called it "one of the most lurid nightclubs in Montmartre, frequented by hard-boiled women of the Paris demimonde, who go there attired in mannish costumes to give lady tourists the shock they are looking for by asking them to dance.", Finally, I got my choice of a dessert today, and the Pear Sorbet with a pumpkin garnacha and blue cheese was calling my name. In all actuality, I was really craving the pretzel cake truffles, but you have to make due with what was offered on the tasting pre fix., seat also docks and rotates on Rocker, That’s enough for tonight. I hope you’re all doing well, and thank you for coming back to see what’s up. I know I’ve been slacking on updating my blog on a daily basis here, but there is a lot happening in my life right now, and I’m enjoying the ride. I’m almost ready to take that step into the rest of my life., Dim the lights on fluro brights with a denim blazer. Create visual interest with a contrasting colourful print like Prada-esque stripes., We shot across the elegant main floor of the West Building, through the Rotunda and East Garden Court, then descended to the concourse level where we found end-of-day offerings in the cafe. Pass. Another jaunt through the West Building Shop brought us to the Underground Walkway where standing motion was dazzling., Here are some of my favorite under $30 pieces that anyone can enjoy:, He called a police officer and said:, Since the One S is made of aluminum, it’s able to maintain a thin profile while still having a balanced, solid heft to it. This allows the phone to feel way more high-end than most of its competition. The phone is relatively flat on both the front and back, though all the corners and edges are slightly rounded. As I said, it has a beautiful design and solid hardware., This pregnancy has really kicked my butt., Tamala Krishna: What was in the pot?, Thought since I’d been getting these types of questions recently:, As often happens when I paint, I started to think about the people who'd lived here before us; the couples and families, growing up and growing old; all the things that might have happened. It was probably around eighty years ago that this house was painted for the very first time. I can imagine the excitement of the young couple who moved into their newly built home, who looked out of the windows at the long muddy strip of land that would one day become a garden. I picture them standing in the doorway of the second bedroom, choosing colours for the nursery. I wonder how many different colours the lounge and kitchen, bedrooms and bathroom have had since then, how many layers of paint have coated the walls. I like the thought that others before me have ended up with paint in their hair, on their elbows, under their fingernails., George Griffith / from Outlaws of the Air / 184, but I am happy that she is now at peace, Coni was my friend and solace growing up, many times throughout high school when I was feeling friendless, all I had to do was go over to Coni and she would stand by me and allow me to cry my hurt feelings out on to her mane. Oh she always smelled so wonderful!!! That special scent only my good friend carried... I can almost smell it now.., So we wish all our friends the best ever 2008…, That’s when they showed Captain Monkey, What makes a DSLR unique is the use of interchangeable lenses, the mirror and pentaprism. After a specific lens is mounted, a mirror behind the lens reflects the light upward to a 5-sided prism, or pentaprism, where it is reflected through the viewfinder. When the shutter release is pressed, the mirror just behind the lens flips up to allow a straight path between the light and the shutter. The shutter opens for the required time and the light falls on the Image Sensor., The Gunners Syndicate consists of six men – Pat Glynn, Pat Gleeson, Robbie Byrne, brothers Donal and Niall Collins plus John Harte. Arsenal-mad Glynn leads the syndicate, having purchased Seabass as a foal after seeing an advert in the Irish Field newspaper and looked after the horse until he was sent to Ted Walsh as a four-year-old on the recommendation of Ted’s son Ruby. Glynn was helped in raising Seabass by Gerry Kyne from Kiltrogue Stud, the father of the apprentice jockey Jamie Kyne, who was killed in a fire in Norton, North Yorkshire, in September, 2009. Glynn, who hails from Dunmore, County Galway, is a builder who used to play Gaelic football for the local Dunmore MacHales and the Connemara Gaels in the USA. His wife Sinead is a singer who has appeared on a talent competition for Country & Western singers on Irish TV station TG4. Pat Gleeson also comes from Dunmore and he is a director of local company Wheely Environmental Refuse Services. Robbie Byrne, the only member of the syndicate who does not support Arsenal, runs a pub in Dunmore which is the venue for the syndicate’s meetings, while John Harte is a butcher. Despite the fact that the majority of the syndicate support Arsenal, Seabass runs in the maroon and white colours of local football team Galway United., In her crib., "What's happened, are you hurt, are the kids OK?", I colored the Chocolate Strawberies with Copic markers:, They are taking bets on when the first snow will hit. Most are going for the second or third week in November. Last year we got it in October, then the storm in November., Today I have a very special and pretty pink to show you. This is Orly Artificial Sweetener from their Cool Romance Spring 2012 collection. Although I liked all colours in that collection, this pink stood out the most., 5. Bush get ears and dutty get tongue. Sometimes you think that what you do or say nobody sees or hears, but yet your secrets are known., The confusing thing about this is the way the office building has cameras set up to catch everything that happens…oddly Orwellian, but okay. Obviously, they catch the rape in the break room, which Trevor is easily able to subvert by going into his computer file and deleting in like a second. For one, how the hell did he do that? These cameras are set up all over the place but any low-level goon can just log in and delete whatever he or she wants? What the hell kind of system is that?, I’ve always been a mythology nut. I have a deep respect for the concept of a mythology in that it is a representation of a society and its vision of what the world and life means. Each culture has a unique way of explaining how life works and what life and all its complexities really mean. But even then one can identify the similarities, the sharing of myths among cultures through trade and time., Death is another key element in this movie. Miron’s wife Tanya is dead early in the film. The Merjan rituals of preparing the dead for their last journey take up a chunk of the film. The journey to the river to consign the dead to flames and the waters of the river provides opportunity for “smoking.” “Smoking,” for the Merjans, is when intimate details of the dead are revealed to close friends to facilitate emotional release for the bereaved, a rough parallel with the Irish “wake.”, middle of April!!, Na’Aman Atara, coi-an, In 1992, Goodwyn reformed April Wine and Clench returned to record four more studio albums, 1993's Attitude, 1994's Frigate, 2001's Back to the Mansion and 2006's Roughly Speaking., The comments on articles related to the possibility of cougars in the East makes one thing clear—it’s an emotional issue with many partisans believing in or hoping for the cougar’s resurgence. Quite apart from those individuals who have seen or believe they have seen cougars, there are many more people who are passionately rooting for the return of the cougars to the East., Next, we worked through some issues with our donor and found out that although he does want to move out of the area, it may not end up being as immediate or as far away as we were originally told. Basically, he and his boyfriend don’t know what they are doing yet but they had made grandiose announcements of packing it all up and whisking away very fast without talking to us first and that was pretty devastating. We told them they really need to please just communicate with us more so we’re not caught so off-guard. We concluded that they’ll probably end up being around for at least the next 3 months. I hope. No promises there., “I think there’s a really big music scene in Stoke and it’s really active but I don’t think it gets heard enough in the mainstream and that can be a problem.”, Will enter the age of harmony of humans and nature,, Apatow, 42, was entering Interstate 84 in Newtown when the cruiser appeared, and he had no idea what he’d done to merit police attention. It turns out he didn’t do anything., Note: This is part of my Watching Movies in Africa project. Cobra Woman was screened numerous times at Kumasi's Rex cinema in January 1951. The Ashanti Pioneer of January 18, 1951 includes a brief piece credited "By Our Film Critic," though the terminology employed owes more to the vocabulary of advertising than that of journalism: “Do you like the beautiful, are you fascinated by the mysterious, do you take to the colourful? If so, you cannot spend a more, 3 cups arugula, Art thou elated ?, I am going to start posting more 'real' things on my blog so you know that I make mistakes and do not have it all together! I want my blog to be a place where you can go for real ideas and I never want you to feel like you're not good enough. The way I see it is if you are happy with yourself and have people around you who love you, you don't need the approval of anyone else!, I gaze into my mirror,, Drawing in Church kept me busy (while I was listening to the Sermon) trying to get it all down on Paper! The Choir and Orchestra are back for the Season and the music was so uplifting and worshipful., and blood, We start driving to Denver and not even 5 minutes into the trip the bitch says she wants to stop and eat. I look over to my buddy and he can tell this is something she should not have said. He tells her that we just left and she would have to wait. About 5 minutes after that he and his girl both get on their cell phones and check voice mails. Not a problem again. Next I hear are both of them returning messages. Do you know what it is like listening to two people in a confined space fighting over who can talk louder on the cell phone? This is not going to be a fun trip. I look at my wife and she looks more pissed than I do. I turn on the radio and start hauling ass. I'm hoping that the further I can get the more likely their calls will get disconnected. Sure enough it does. I smile little., Today, I am joining Sofia over at Sofia's Ideas for Magic of the Mundane. I so love this idea because it totally falls in line with my desire to get back to simple. It can be a picture, a poem or song, a short video or anything else that celebrates the Magic. So often, we get caught up in "where we're going" that we forget to look at the beauty of "where we are.", Set in the religious town of Varanasi, it is essentially a love triangle. The story of Gopal, Raghav and Aarti, young kids from small town India and their dreams, aspirations and the underlying corrupt system. The story is narrated from Gopal’s perspective which is sometimes slanted, sometimes very piercing. A failure in life, he longs for the girl who is his best friend and yet the one he cannot have for she considers him a ‘good friend’ but no more than that. He comes from a poor family and suffers through the drudgery of life equating money with power and success. Aarti is a driving force in all that he does and so as the story progresses, he continues to try to win her affections with his efforts to impress her with the money and power that he gains., For Mayo schezwan dip, Welcome to the Whimsical Designs Sneak Peek Day 1! In case you've not yet heard, Stephanie of Whimsical Designs has a new line of stamps coming out! Today all of the Whimsical Designers will be sharing sneak peeks of two stamp sets, and then tomorrow morning we'll be giving you sneak peeks of the other two sets. Tomorrow night at 7:00pm EST is the stamp reveal blog hop! All of the stamp sets will be available for purchase on Stephanie's blog in her new shop., B. Nights are warmer than days. YES if the warming was caused by the sun, daytime temperatures would be warmer than nights. Climate models predicted that global warming caused by fossil fuels would cause nights to be, on average, warmer than days. That is also happening., Here are the wordstrips:, Used to be (like, five years ago) that specialty, one-off beers were rare birds. Most breweries hadn't started a barrel-aging program, and seasonal releases were good for variety, but they weren't particularly exotic beers. When a brewery did release something strange and special, beer geeks flocked to check it out. Beer fests accelerated the phenomenon by giving breweries an opportunity to highlight rarities and special beers. Breweries started developing barrel programs., As Wario, go alfresco to the Boo-infested courtyard. Position yourself so that a Boo is amid you and the rabbit. Run and dive for the rabbit. As you do, the Boo will coalesce and assault you abroad while you bolt the rabbit. Afresh airing aback to the rabbit. It will not move, but it is now untouchable, like a Boo if it transparent. This can aswell get funny screenshots if Wario stands central the rabbit, which makes it attending like Wario has aerial ears., - I love how she sings opera at the top of her lungs when she's in her jumpy seat., The lengths parents will go to in order to attempt to right the wrongs, and make the bad better for their children........., Day one of Supermarket Boycott went well, though it meant going into town. After my bitch about no fabric stall here, it seems there was one in the market today, though it was mainly curtain type stuff, it may be worth a look., band unknown, May the marathon that’s your Thursday have you being merry and carrying on!, To this truth I’m ever clinging,, For preparing soft puttu, put equal amount of cooked rice (I use Kerala kuthari), roasted rice flour and salt in a mixie and grind it just once or twice. Don't grind it continuously or too much. Transfer it to a bowl and add half of the coconut and mix well. Check the salt., I have seen a dramatic decrease in aggresion., What’s that? You’re not especially enamoured?, Perhaps I can sway some votes this week from the foodie crowd? Feel free to click and read some of the other talented participants. Finally vote on Thursday for your favorites!, You're gonna have to serve somebody, The short answer: Sort of., paid private schooling for his children, upscale automobile and an $55,000, He tugged on my hand and led me to the house. He stopped by the wood pile and faced me. Too close. I’d forget again in a heartbeat. I looked up at him and he looked down at me. The dark surrounded us, a blanket hiding us from the world., In large pot combine peaches, sugar and flour. Bring to a boil and let simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the stove and add the vanilla and butter. Let set from 10 minutes to cool., I've heard it in the chillest land,, There is actually nothing very unique about Breivik's crime, it is only within the attitude of the left that that we see a contrast., Back to James, he then got the help he wanted to in Wade and Bosh. And he was a beast when eliminating Celtics and Bulls in the Eastern Conference Playoffs. But when the time came to face against one of the most experienced defensive point guard in the league in Kidd, he failed to deliver. The beast turned into the beauty as he could only manage as low as 8 points in Game 4 in a perfectly healthy condition. James definitely is not as versatile as Johnson was. Whilst at the same time Nowitzki scored 21 points to lead the Mavs tied up the series with torn tendon left fingers and 38 degrees Celsius sinus infection fever., Butter a shallow casserole and layer with half, ‘I think he’s amazing and I think you can relate to him because he’s made mistakes.’, 43. Caught a snowflake on your tongue? - Still do., It’s especially popular during the morning rush., If you have ever lived in Leeds, or come from the city itself then you will know Whitelocks., This is true. However, the left-wing establishment tends – willfully or otherwise – to conflate tory collectivism with socialism. This is because they interpret Canada’s traditionally conservative political culture through the prism of post-1960s Canadian identity., Apparently, QVC has not acknowledged that Lee, who often appeared on-air with her mom, has passed away., I have to learn to embrace those changes…, Feel good, storms can take out the debris out of your life and leave you with valuable ones!, And in our stressful and chaotic times, I suspect there are more people who are likely to 'snap', and how can we protect against such behaviors? Can we lock people up pre-emptively? We no longer commit people who are mentally disturbed; thanks to liberal policies, we ended involuntary commitment, so we are compelled to wait until someone has acted out to be able to confine them. Then it is too late, in many cases., I mean I really looked., I then spent way too long filling out forms denying the need for a ride in a vehicle with blazing lights and a blaring horn., Left Unity has other ideas. We think taxpayers money should be spent on the creation of renewable industries and essential services like health, education, public transport and the like., Rabbi Eli Ben Haim’s source for the cash was an Israeli who, for a fee of 1.5 percent, supplied the cash through intermediary cash houses run by a host of Talmudic accomplices., Straight away, we are sitting in a car with sad sack Joey Rathburn. He’s gazing out on a trainer talking to a jockey. That jockey is working, and Joey is now down to one rider – the bug-boy Leon – who is also watching because he has almost no mounts. Joey is looking very desperate. By the way, that trainer with the white hair and sun glasses is the real life trainer Bob Baffert. If you blinked, you might have missed him. From another perspective – a touch of reality can only help., There are a few jarring notes, however., The words defense, diplomacy and development are called the 3Ds. US officials have claimed they are what AFRICOM will bring to Africa. This is eerily and offensively reminiscent of 19th century colonialism, in which Europe claimed it was bringing the 3Cs to Africa, commerce, Christianity and civilization., and, man, she was excited., Hi i hope you are all alright and are having a lovely weekend., Last but not least..., The tree-wizard smiled. "We have already begun.", All that I no longer believe, Nevertheless, I know in whom I have trusted. My God hath been my support; he hath led me through mine afflictions;…he hath filled me with his love, even unto the consuming of my flesh., This is almost the only picture I managed to take at the Albert Hall last night which actually shows any features. I was wedged right up in the circle to see Polly Harvey perform. It was her first time there too ..., So that’s five addresses Rakofsky has used, three of which are possibly virtual offices, one of which may be his former apartment. But with so many potential addresses, where can Joseph Rakofsky be found during normal business hours? And why should anyone care?, ATT’s former adviser Bani Kanté, who also oversaw Libyan investments in Mali, was another high-profile figure whose arrest became known on Tuesday. Two more, according to local sources, are Babaly Ba, director of the Banque Malienne de Solidarité, and Adama Sangaré, mayor of Bamako., Obeying this one simple law will ensure that organization reigns supreme whether you’re cruising around in a hatchback, an SUV, or a bad ass mini-van., So as I am severely lacking in 'light bulb' moments, I guess I'll have to pick 'light bulbs' as my topic for today., I received 6 of the ales Nigel makes, and below are a few quick tasting notes on each:, my very own "potting space". Putting up a bench with a roof & lots of storage for, Searching for the lips that sang the song, Basically, the stamp covers the flat surface, leaving the indents free from stamping. I covered my whole card this way and after I was done, I took a Copic Marker (BG0000) and accented some of the "tiles" to make them stand out a bit more. The rest is just matting it all up! I used Ms. Nelly Kaiser Craft paper, a Spellbinders Labels Seven and Blossom Die (cut thanks to my Grand Calibur). FYI: I did cut two shapes with the same Labels Seven die, embossed the white piece and then cut along the embossed edge so that I would have a 1/16" mat with my green shape.I used the little Blossom die cut shape to act as a mat for my circle sentie. Add some fun ribbon, a pinked edge border (SU punch), some stitching and.... ta da!!!, I think you’d be hard pushed to deny that this version is more entertaining. From the off it strikes a good balance between plot, character development and action. It doesn’t try to dig as far into the hero’s psychology as Lee’s film, but as that crippled the earlier attempt it’s for the best. Norton is a more appropriate Banner than Eric Bana was, achieving drama, humour and action with aplomb. In fact, even though there’s notably less of it, it seems Leterrier and his cast are as adept at crafting dramatic scenes as Lee and his lot were. They’re certainly better at action sequences, of which there are a good number and all well executed. Attempting an athletic chase over rooftops and through small streets so soon after Casino Royale and The Bourne Ultimatum did similar things to such acclaim seems a bold move, and while Hulk‘s version isn’t as memorable it doesn’t suffer unduly from comparison. The final monster-on-monster punch-up is immeasurably better than the first film’s bizarre climax, but the real stand out for me was the battle on the university campus. All of this is helped by vastly improved CGI. No longer is the Hulk an oversized action figure, but instead has weight and grit, and is altogether more believable. You’re never going to be convinced he’s real, obviously, but this time round they’ve made him more than close enough., I chose a $14 St. Agur Szechuan Pepper Chicken Salad from the lunch menu. The salad was unexceptional. The Szechuan dressing was barely perceptible. They weren't very generous with the blue cheese either. Plenty of chicken though, albeit a little on the dry side., The tour features additional support from A Skylit Drive, Stick To Your Guns, MyChildren MyBride and Make Me Famous. Full tour dates will be announced soon. Click HERE to watch a tour video with more info on the “Fight The Silence Tour.”, We had our Ward Christmas Party last weekend, and I participated in a little performance called "The Twelve Pains of Christmas." We live in the Internet Age and it showed up on the Web this morning, so I thought I'd share it with you!, Whether or not the development agreement was released, abstracts of the development leases released in September indicated that the developer would have 25 years to build the project., To this point, all the tearing out has been completed and everything going forward is construction. I'll have to post more details as we go, but here are a couple of pre and post tear out photos., Two of our tango friends came with us in the car, so we talked about tango most of the time, which made the drive seem much shorter then usual., 626-449-2742, Lo and behold, Dracula reconstitutes himself (he is once again played by Christopher Lee, though this wasn’t the mortal lock you might have expected at the time). All this happens before the opening credits, which makes a refreshing change after a series of films in which Dracula doesn’t show up until quite a long way in. (There is a reason for this, which we will address in due course.), We didn't really understand 'security' as such., The plan for today was to get up and go, all the way down, and before it gets dark. There were too many people taking too long showers, so we barely made it to the Yavapai cafeteria by 8AM or something. It was a nice crisp cold sunny morning. Perfect weather. After some hearty backpacking breakfast (oatmeal, pancakes, and coffee) we went on figuring out how to organize the carpool. It turned out that the only place the cars could be left at was next to the backcountry office. I was fine with that. Rienk, on the other hand, was afraid that the cars there could be broken into. I didn’t really want to argue with this case of paranoia so we left the cars ‘parked’ next to the Yavapai lodge., I must warn you, however, that this material is extremely disturbing. You cannot go back to your former life after you do this. Reading this rocked my world, and I had to move through a serious grief process that required my full attention for several weeks., Sometimes I read reviews of books, even glowing reviews, before I consider reading a book, and I almost always thing, "This sounds horrible." I don't know why exactly, but that's what always happens. And then, many times, I go on to read books and think, "Wow! This is very enjoyable!", 5,000 meters on the rower in 24:48. Not bad for my first row in long, long time. Then I kind of floundered around. Upright rows, chest flyes, ab crunches, dead lifts, etc, etc., CP: No not really an impact. I like bands like Depeche Mode because the do pop music always with a little sad and sometimes dark influence. There are many artists I really like and respect but I don’t think that they had an impact., All right, so it’s not a legitimate word. I made it up. But I bet you could have used it at several points in your life., My worst one so far is it is important that for the reader to see that Howie, a college freshman, knows what a bandelore is. He has to think it is natural for him to know about bandelores, Packard twin-sixes, and other things from the turn of the century, but so far my beta readers are missing that plot point and laughing at my dialog. So even being able to pinpoint where the problem is doesn't always lead to a solution., Paper: Core'dinations Krafty stock, DCWV Coral Couture, DCWV Blossoms and Butterflies, CTMH Colonial White, stash, I finished, and headed with another person on the trip to the pool on the other end of the property. We looked up at all the trees and foliage as we relaxed our feet in the cool, non-chlorinated water. I chatted with this fellow student about our first impression of Haiti, our research, and of religion. I wouldn’t say I forget how easy it can be to relate to new people, but it is a nice surprise when you find yourself immersed in a conversation with another so comfortably., Do you sneak in a nap during the day? Well according to this article in the Gulf Today a short snooze not going beyond 10 minutes increases productivity, improves intelligence and maintains emotional stability. The article goes on to suggest that a mid-day nap is not only accepted in many cultures but some go as far as to set up a special room to allow workers to have a siesta. Mmm I wonder if you would have trouble getting people to buy into that change., And here's the finished article, it will hold a few rolls of sandpaper, and if I need a bigger one I can just root about in my scrap wood collection for the bits, the holder has now been installed in the workshop and it performs well., If our kids deep down believe that they are bad and shameful, they deep down have that EXPECTATION OF THEM SELVES….so this was a GREAT opportunity to teach that light, that hope, that possibility to serve and do something great , that EVERY single one of us have in us. This has always been one of my favorite movies., I really messed up the other day. I was tired. I was trying to focus on college work. The boys were hyped up from a church event. I was trying to get them to bed, but they would have no part of it - they were running, yelling, and laughing. To top it all off, our almost 13 year old Yorkie walked into the living room and decided to take a potty break on our area rug., And today I met somebody who has already voted - by postal vote because they may not be here on the day., 21. A perception that time is accelerating. It seems that way because you have had so many changes introduced into your life at an unprecedented rate. The number of changes seems to be growing., I have been developing my philosophies for living over my lifetime, but more recently I have really been consciously thinking about them. I realize I need very little to survive, and the same is true for being happy. My joy is not connected to material things. I love to see people helping people, and feel it is not only a good thing to do, but the right thing to do., Though we were heading out when I saw it in the mailbox, I just took it with me and explored it while waiting for our orders at Serenitea. Here are some things that I noticed, some changes to the 2011 version., This week I managed a total of two miles. Yikes! However, silver living and all that, I do believe that having almost a week off due to the weather has helped ease up my shoulder a little. I basically have a right shoulder that sounds like a cement mixer filled with gravel when I move it. I'm fairly certain running doesn't help it that much but am not about to stop. I know my weekday running has been slightly sporadic of late but I still usually manage a decent mid length run every weekend so have not really had much time off this year., Ordinary folk, aware that they owe too much money, have learned their lesson, stopped spending and started paying back their debts., 5. Cook almost all meals from scratch, The stories are set in and around the magical world of Avalon -, But then something happened to turn that happy cycle on its ear…Pinterest., It's official, I made the 2012 Spellbinders team. It's been an amazing year and I am so glad that it doesn't have to end. I love this company, their products, their values, and the people who make Spellbinders what it is., ”I don’t want to say everyone is doing wonderfully well,” said Ben Phillips, the study’s author. ”But there’s been this ‘rising cost of living’ story over the last decade when, really, Australian households are doing better than ever.”, “We were very happy with Susan as she helped us through a difficult situation. Thanks is just not enough to say for what she did!”, When the letter Q came around I said "UGH!!!!!!What to write what to write"., No. The rules stipulated in the Ten Commandments lead to the good life, not a so-called “liberation” from the Commandments. All people are sinful, and so all people experience problems in their lives, including Christians. But those problems cannot be alleviated by throwing away God’s rules for human living. Quite to the contrary, in fact. Biblical morality is a sure guide to the good life. The happiness promised by the Sexual Revolution is a fraud. Surely that should be apparent by now. (“NO RULES, NO CIVILIZATION: The Sexual Revolution left us free . . . to be Miserable”), Those vapor trails behind jet planes are getting out of hand, The only legal party in the U.S.S.R. is the Communist Party; the only legal opinion is that expressed by the Secretariat. No Communist political program ever prescribed the suppress of rival workers’ and peasants’ parties, nor did it forbid divergencies of opinion in the Party. On the contrary, seven weeks before the October Revolution, Lenin made the following statement, which here is quoted word for word: “Alone the power of the Soviets could ensure a widespread, constant development of revolutionary influence, a peaceful rivalry of parties within the Soviets” (September 14, 1917: One of the fundamental questions of the Revolution). A little later, he repeated this: “The parties’ struggle for power may be peacefully carried on in the heart of the Soviets, provided that the latter desist from distorting democratic principles: (September 16 1927: The bugbear of civil war). The ideas of Lenin, the theorist of Bolshevism and the founder of the Soviet Republic, are limpid clear. Moreover, when the country was in the grip of war and the Soviet regime was passing through a most critical period, political parties like the Mensheviks, Socialist Revolutionaries of the Left, Ukranian Borotbists, the Bund, and various anarchist groups, which did not oppose the system with force of arms, all enjoyed a legal existence. Their disappearance was the logical result of the war and of civil strife, which culminated in a paroxysm of fury and a reign of terror; but their suppression should have been but of a temporary nature, like terror and warfare themselves. The danger of war once over, the Revolution moved forward along the paths of peace and Lenin’s program once more became an actuality and should have recovered strength and meaning: peaceful rivalry of parties within the Soviets. But Tomsky, a member of the Political Bureau and President of the Party Secretariat and of the Central Council of Trades Unions, made the following pronouncement on the matter: “The main difference between the Party systems in Western Europe and in Russia, is that, with us, only one thing is possible: one party is in power and all the rest are in prison” (“Trud“, November 13 1927). Such was the progress made between 1917 and 1927. Lenin had spoken of a peaceful rivalry of parties within the Soviets, but Tomsky declared that one party was in power and the rest were in prison. The inevitable perpetuation of this method of government had led to the imprisonment and deportation of all those who actively opposed the Secretariat of the Party; amongst them were Lenin’s most faithful comrades in arms, headed by Trotsky., Happy Thursday and thanks for taking the time to visit the charmed life blog. One of those laid back days for me. Well except for all the telemarketing calls I have been getting lately. I am on the do-not call list but I still get the non-profits and political calls., i may buy another one on amazon. just so we have one that doesn't fall apart., and I will get the house clean before we go, laundry done, dishes done, goody bags for the kids packed, new blankets made, family suitcases packed, dog packed, snacks packed, clean car. all of it. and I will thoroughly enjoy myself., Love and blessings to all of you my friends!, But memories intrude – the pure sensuality of what they once shared, the pain of parting … And she has to deal with another man from her past, while his celebrity status makes him the focus of unwanted attention., current status of my relationship with my dad. I am sad that he doesn't know, and will never know, the love of his first grandchild. The love my son has to give, it's so powerful, so beautiful. So, it makes me sad, but never regretful. I have welcomed so much clarity, so much insight, about the mother that I am, the mother that I want to be, that there, In Dionysus we trust, I knew it would be true., Salmon were brought in from the Pacific Ocean., I hope this blog will be a record of my journey here, a story of getting better and more high-level in my thinking. To that end, posting on here about “I won $5 on FT!” or “On a bad streak!” isn’t going to cut it. I should be posting hands, talking about my reasoning behind them, and maybe then I can start to gain a better understanding of how to put the pieces together and become a successful poker player., Summit Extra Pale Ale, I hope your Christmas season is full of family, friends, love, sharing and joy., Toni Morrison, Brew Day Photos:, Benji: "Mr. Eisner? Admit it. The real reason you turned down my request to become animated was because you found a Hispanic dog who would work for slave wages, right?", The vegas tradeshow, Project, is next week. I am going with my boyfriend, our PR girl Kristom, and 2 of our friends/ models. I'm SO excited because Erin is going and she is simply the best. My boyfriend is gonna shoot a ton of photos there so we can post a little story when we get back. Hopefully we don't get kicked out this time for hula hooping and face painting (lighten up project!!) I guess we will just have to face paint back in the room., A couple of days ago, four to be exact, marked three months since I left home., Most of my images are now available in this format - many are hanging up in the galleries and others can be requested as special orders (which Matt makes himself, and I of course sign!). Prices range from $95 for the square detail open editions up to $325 for the really big ones. Limited Editions of gallery exclusives are also available by phone/email/gallery too. If you're not in the area, simply call 407-827-8200 or also email online popgallery.manager@me.com, As you can tell, this is to be a well researched historical/romantic novel., Even in the cattle pavilions, livestock was washed clean, dried with blow driers, powdered and shaved. Some cattle were given the whole body shave including the tail and others were left with a fashionable Mohawk along the backbone., Startup Weekend is part of Capital Entrepreneurs Week in Madison., PRPPs are supposed to make it easier for self-employed individuals and employees of small firms to save for retirement by allowing them to tap into a large pension plan. The plans would be administered by insurers and other financial institutions.<U+202C>, One problem may be that I’ve had to put this aside for the best part of six weeks whilst I did some remedial work on the novel’s prequel – due out next month. It is easy to forget the details when you’re working with such a multi-layered plot. There’s pressure, anyway. I need to get at least the first draft of this novel finished by September, because then I have to leave the world of futuristic science fiction and plunge into the world of the historical novel. There are, of course, a number of parallels – both include creating another world., Align with your true spirit self today and let your soar. See your succeeding in all your needs and desires, and ask us to surround you in our loving light., Ex-Liberal Democrat leader of Liverpool City Council Warren Bradley pleaded guilty to one count of perjury at Liverpool Magistrates' Court and was ordered by District Judge Miriam Shelvey to pay a L1,000 fine, L75 in costs and a L15 victim surcharge. It follows a 10-month police investigation into how his son, Daniel, came to be nominated to stand in last year's local elections., Myth #1 - Blazing six-shooters, An offensive slogan was being posted on walls before and during the election,” If you want a N***** for a neighbour, vote Labour”. Harold Wilson attributed this to Griffiths on national Television, when asked by Robin Day on Panorama of 9th March 1964 . Mr. Wilson replied, that he understood that this was said by the Conservative candidate in Smethwick. Griffiths denied he or any member of the Conservative party had used this slogan, but did refuse to condemn its use saying it was an expression of frustration felt by local people at being ignored by their representatives. He explained that the only person who had heard it was Mr.Walker, who claimed it was in use in the Municipal elections of 1963. A Labour spokesman said that Wilson had said no more than was in the morning’s Times. Mr.Griffiths threatened to sue Mr.Wilson but later declined. After the Election new Prime Minister Wilson broke from his address on the Queens speech to insult Griffiths by calling him a “Parliamentary Leper”, who would be shunned by everyone in the House. This breached the convention that new members be protected until after their Maiden speech! Harold Gurden Birmingham Conservative mp (Selly Oak) told the Times 25/1/1965, “He “had not met Griffiths but would be his friend in the House.” Then on October the 5th 1964 just two weeks before polling Griffiths was denounced for his campaign in the Birmingham Post and the Times Midland correspondent wrote, ”It is abhorrent to all Conservatives candidates and officials of stature to whom I have talked.” The column of October the 12th, “Vile –its all in Black and White.”As the election result was announced on October the 16th Socialists made Nazi salutes. Mr.Walker, the embittered loser griped,” I feel the result tonight will give Smethwick a bad name.” The Bishop of Southwark called the electorate “unchristian” and the Bishop of Chelmsford and Archbishop of Canterbury also condemned them but that local people supporting a local-born candidate in a democratic election over a local issue is a model of Democracy at work yet, these un-elected Bishops who lived far away, were imposing their a priori ideology on the situation but not drawing inferences from the facts or observation., Meanwhile, the oceans don’t need our metaphors. They need action. They need industrial civilization to stop destroying and devouring; failing that, they need us to make it stop., But yeah., As years went by, it got easier to deal with as they got more comfortable and I stopped taking it personal. I also remember times when people would stop us to tell me how beautiful my kids were and how much they looked like me. My stepkids would quickly correct them and that would leave me so embarrassed., And one of the most intriguing and dear memories I have of my father, is riding in the truck with him, looking for treasures., Its been 14 to 15 years, MDL colony has been my home and I don’t think anything can come closer than that., and this song has been giving me just what I need., Ian was about 12 years old and I had just picked him up from his friend’s house. He and his buddies had been talking about doing “crazy” things and Ian, in his attempt to represent himself as crazy too, ended up telling them he jumped off cliffs; now he needed to make himself an honest man., I ask again do I need to take a break. Or is it that I want to break free completely?, Seating is limited and just over half the spots are already sold so get your party together and book a table by contacting The Terminus Hotel on 9481 3182. Tickets are just $79 for five courses matched to five different beers plus all the fun of a Beer Blokes Beer Dinner. The Terminus is located at 492 Queens Pde Clifton Hill., When Marvel started talking about a unified movie universe I wasn’t sure they would be able to pull it off, turns out I was very wrong. Likewise I had some initial doubts about Whedon as director, handling such a large budget, cast and action packed film seemed a little different to his usual work. I am sorry Joss Whedon, I could not have been more wrong if I had tried., Even the glyphs of Lifebloom and Fire Silence… not to mention turning yourself into a two person ‘mount’., “What is that?” he had asked the older chickens, as the graceful speck dipped and soared below the clouds., 25-27 Bureaucrat DRAGON 74, HOW CAN YOU WISH FOR THAT INFORMATION? IT WAS CONTAINED WITHIN YOUR PREVIOUS SENTENCE. THEY DIDN’T PLAY THERE AGAIN BECAUSE NO ONE SHOWED UP, Saucony running shoes provides a soft ride with good stability and a great transition from heel to toe. These shoes also provide extraordinary foot protection and are very light in weight so you can enjoy your running and you can perform well., My son's friends happen to eat quite a lot, Likelihood of terrorist attack:, I'm not sure if you know this or not, but I am mascara crazy! I am always changing which ones I am using. I combine them, use different formulas with different wands, and other things mascara-obsessed people do., to love someone … you have to give, that you gouged with a nail, Tomorrow I'll show another stamp I came up with using that stone background., Our first visit was on the first sermon of a marriage series titled "Crush". We were interested to see what it was all about and, once we heard the first marriage, excited to hear what else Jason had to say, because our marriage has overcome MOUNTAINS (in the plural) in the past 12 months., Quinn: I don’t see it that way at all, Bill. I don’t understand what the fuss is. I read that quote over and over and I kept thinking, “What is wrong with this?” I mean, have you ever tried to watch two speeches at once and then try to report or speak about either one of them? It’s impossible. So when she says, “I had the advantage or the disadvantage,” it’s really hard to try to make something—, We have even eaten.... Mc Donald's., The end of September we went out the the Silicon Valley to visit our youngest son who is now working at Facebook. We stayed in Los Gatos which is a beautiful town and so pedestrian friendly. We walked each day before breakfast and after dinner. We spent a couple of days doing things with my son and his girlfriend and a couple of days toodling around on our own. So far the only pictures that have surfaced ( other than old cars etc) are ones from Carmel and the 17 Mile Drive. Carmel has to be the ultimate housepeeping location., has figured prominently in American debates over the Vietnam War. ... Yet unlike the war's earlier episodes, the final act has received only cursory treatment from historians. (Moyer is himself a fin, highly-readably historian. But I'm not sure I could stand to read this book he reviews. ~Bob.), Exacerbating the matter was the fear of disease. In 1832, his first year as congressman, New York was struck with a devastating cholera epidemic, killing hundreds; a lesser but no less dangerous sequel struck in 1834, just as Lawrence was getting comfortable at City Hall. And of course, the spectre of fire lurked, not just jeopardizing a highly flammable city, but Lawrence's own fortunes: he controlled shares several fire insurance companies., Wing Banners can be put anywhere for they are portable, making them very ready for use. They cannot help but be noticed, for the wind waves them, allowing them to be seen., I'm even more impressed because I had so much drama with work and interviews and orientations and money. It's been a stressful month. And it was definitely a struggle to post every single day., 7. Tricep Dips – 20, Aside from fascinating, unconventional items like Ed Wood and Big Fish, he has been applying the “Tim Burton touch” to remakes and adaptations of very familiar works for two decades now. Let’s hope that his Dark Shadows brings back the sense of innovation and imagination he displayed in his early features. Although, with the kooky, crazy makeup, I’m sorta having my doubts. (I’d be happy to be proven wrong….), What the hell am I wearing today?, Love to you..., Electromagnetic radio waves from an RFID tag give up data to an electronic reader. The data can include registration, insurance and emissions information, along with make, model and color of the vehicle., Meeting women that you would actually want to date and, maybe eventually, bring home to meet mom and dad, isn’t as hard as it sounds. There is, of course, the singles scene out in the bars and clubs all over town but I don’t recommend that one. It’s not that just bad girls go to bars; it’s that it is hard to tell the good ones from the bad one., So now here I am, 40 or so years later and every time I hear the term Exer... that's as far as my mind can get. It just shuts down... Ain't doin' it. Nope. Nuh-uh!! Yes, I went to the gym faithfully 3-5 times a week for nearly all of the past two years. I walked treadmill hills until my feet blistered, but I was talking to my friend all the while so that wasn't the E word. I pulled handles attached to varying sizes of metal rectangles until my hands blistered, but that wasn't the E word either -- at least not the way I did it! HA! We played racquetball a bunch, but ... ummm hellooooo.. PLAYED - not exer-whatevered., Next week I will be completely redecorating a dear friend's house. I can't wait to share before and after pictures with you all! I am really looking forward to it!!, Word of the Day, At first my mighty hunters wanted to open an upstairs window and wait for the marauders. But since that let the air conditioning out and the heat, humidity and bugs in, I squashed that idea. So then my main hunter, Indiana Jones himself, bought a trap to use in catching these little garbage thieves., July 15 - Googie Withers, actress ("Dead of Night"), 94, Finger Lakes AVA, Morrison Morrison, Inchcape Rock, You also claim that only a minority of teachers will be effected. Does that mean our union leaders effectively created separate classes of employees. Will we be able to collectively bargain now based on these classes? How does one not affected get to negotiate on the issue?, For help with planning for your own long term care needs, contact the experienced elder law attorneys at Janna Dutton & Associates., HOW DO YOU HIDE THAT BLASTED TV?!?!, The story telling is so subtle that unless the reader has at least some knowledge of the history of the Balkans you’ll think you are reading about a tiger. Not since my immersion into mid-twentieth century American literature have I been able to see more than a story within a novel. Not only did I find the story engrossing, I also gained insight into the problems incurred in the Balkans during the last half of the twentieth century. Obreht is truly a talented writer., I really hate to say this, but this is the first movie I've seen where I feel sorry for everybody involved. And I don't mean the characters onscreen; I feel sorry for the actors, the crew, the director, the boom operators, the clapper loaders, the location scouts, the caterers and the little guys who knocked on the stars' trailers and shouted to them "five minutes"., Venturing off to the antique malls around town I searched for something, "Sixteen Tons" traditional, His humility really came through as he thanked his band, managers and promoters who sang his praises and talked about his success, which Rahat Ji put down to his fans., "Life is a fashion show and the world is my runway", I remember hearing that crazy line somewhere. Anyhow, I was awarded the:from my gorgeous, fun, sweet, blog buddy Nikolett from Better Than Coffee. I haven't received an award in ages, and wow, I must say, it is definitely nice to receive one again. Thank you my dear Nikolett for the Stylish Blogger Award. With this award comes a few rules, I am to mention 7 random things about myself and pass this on to 7 other bloggers. So here goes my list:, For some modern versions of the above, you may enjoy comparing the model villages with the ones we have here in Lanzarote at Christmas. Almost every village has a Belén, some of which are vast and reproduce most of the local details faithfully. They start building them in October and after Christmas they are all dismantled!, “Love?” I swallowed a lump on my throat,, Ravenscrag was inherited by Allan’s eldest son Sir Montagu Allan who in 1942 donated the home to the Royal Victoria Hospital after the death of their last remaining child. The lavish interior was completely gutted by the new owners, only the Victorian ground floor library supposedly remains somewhat intact to how it was originally. Despite the great work that is carried out at the Institute, I can’t help but imagine what a great museum, hotel or tourist attraction this building could have been., So, we have created a world which is completely dependent on the efforts of human beings to maintain and sustain itself. This clearly contradicts the heart of the Sabbath practices which reorient our lives around the fact that we are not owners in an absolute sense and the maintenance and sustenance of life on this planet does not depend on us. What are the repercussions for a world in which we have transgressed this Sabbath boundary and made a world dependent on us, in essence making ourselves God? I suggest that this question, “What shall we eat?” reveals once again our addiction to control and domination and our complete disconnection from the land. The Jubilee is a radical act of faith in the ability of the creation to sustain itself and ourselves, if we are willing to understand the boundaries of the system as it was created., As we traveled along a two lane road with very little shoulder room, I kept an eye on her., I hate this., Onto this weeks challenge, which is a color combo, of Black & White. Please keep in mind that all challenges are optional. Any Christmas/Winter/Holiday is perfectly acceptable. The idea is to help you get your cards done ahead of time, and save you some stress, at the end of the year. Also, it is not necessary to use a SCRS stamp on your card, but we sure love it when you do!, This post will probably be quite hodge-podge and random, so just warning you...., Bit by bit, Monsieur Leon’s whistling warms up and changes colour,, So here's what I'm wearing today, Monday 17th October, However... sometime Wednesday night the tower where we get our internet service from was hit by lightning, and they didn't get it fixed until this morning. It's amazing how much of my life and work is tied to the internet., a task team to investigate if there had been neg, Now I think why did I bother, LDV: What inspired you to begin your career in graphic design?, Swatched below is the same order but this time I have rubbed them in, so hopefully it shows the warmth of the Chanel., 1 occurs, Professional-Level Hiring — By Field, 6 oz browned hot sausage, Russ Steele, 2 information, Think in terms of style and the possibilities are endless. I didn’t mention everyday dry Stout of the Guinness mold, which remains beautiful with shellfish, and I’m assuming that there always will be a few yellow Eurolagers around for the plain fearful; as I wrote previously, you simply don’t need Budweiser if you have Stella or Spaten., It grasp my thoughts, If a new business can make through the first two years and have a substantial increase in earnings from the prior year; this is one way to know if the company or schedule C person is on the road to a profitable new year. If there are declining earnings; this indicates that the company may not be doing as well as expected and presents a risk of lending money to this applicant., So like a true aussie woman i shall endure and soldier on!!!, Feeling thankful for snail mail. Ryan sent me Modern Family, K sent me a notecard, HJ sent me a postcard, and my mom has sent oodles. It's really nice to open up your mailbox and have something besides junk mail. It's weird to think that R probably got the card I sent today. I don't expect a response from him, but just thinking about him reading it has an effect on me., By 1893, the Great Northern Railway had been completed. Its trestled tracks twisted through the Cascades and over the Rockies, all the from St. Paul, Minnesota and beyond. Men with names like Washington, Smith, Stevens, Schwabacher, Nordstrom would soon carve a Pacific Northwest 20th-century culture out of the wild Washington woods., I have always had a vivant imagination. When we lived in Maryland We drove 295 south to get to DC. It is a very wooded highway. The trees in Maryland are very very tall. It is a rich green state. Many times when we were driving down the I-295 I could envision slaves escaping in the wood. I could almost hear them running along side the road . Running for their lives. Maryland had large population of slave that worked mostly in the house and some in the fields. They escaped North when every they had the chance. The harbor was a shipping port for slavery. Most of the slaves were brought to the harbor and then dispersed throughout the country down south. Every year in Maryland they reenact the slave’s march to honor history. I could hear the slave’s feet running through the woods heading north for freedom. This drawing was inspired from that experience., I highly encourage all of you to go buy a Boppy of your own. Pregnant or not! You will forever thank me., Early Espresso RGB: 80, 57, 49, Next, it was time to mount all of the envelopes. I had to figure out how I wanted to organize the dies...by style, type, size, season, shape, etc., Pre test run, I would never have contemplated buying an iron like this, thinking it was too big and just overkill., And there’s a crack right up the back, Hey everyone, so last weekend was my bi-annual trip to the quilt retreat sponsored by The Country Quilter. While we were down in numbers this year due to the Jewish holidays and a few quilters who were sick, fun was still had by all those present., Which I why I have vowed to get out all the things I love, and enjoy them now, and get rid of the rest of my "stuff" or meaningless junk. I'm almost there. That's part of what I have been doing the last few years., Obtained from Doctors Commons in London, from the Archbishop of Canterbury or his representative. The difference between this and an Ordinary licence was that it granted the right of the couple to marry at any convenient time or place. All other requirements were the same (something that is frequently left out of the details in Romance Novels). Names of both parties were given at the time of the application, you couldn’t fill them in later. In 1808, a Stamp Duty was imposed on the actual paper, vellum or parchment the licence was printed upon, of L4. In 1815, the duty increased to L5., I would like to go to Conclusions, but you have to jump. I’m not too much on physical activity anymore., o Promotion – Theatrical trailers, TV spots, one sheet, Laura remained still, in the armchair next to the door, just watching, carefully., This piece is done in black and clear and as we talked about other options I had a brain wave… I have now commissioned a piece for my brother’s 50th birthday. She will make a piece in the ‘next size up’ – with silvered ‘leading’ glass ‘dew-drops’ and a beechwood frame. I have chosen a different font for the lettering. All very exciting. I have never commissioned anything of this nature before., In Matthew 11:28, Jesus said, “Come to me all who labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest.” I can ask the Lord to carry my cross and to help me with all my burdens., Oh Oldest. I love you! I am so proud of who you are. I love your passion and compassion. Continue to let Jesus guide you and show you the way., * Zhejiang University (China), 1990?, Have a happy day, wherever you are. I wish you`d ALL send me a postcard!!, Tellingly, the next most common types are the Extroverted judging functions (Feeling and Thinking). This pattern mimics in space the pattern that defines an individual over time. Just as an individual with a strong introverted focus needs an extroverted focus, so too does a community with a strong introverted focus need extroverted members who can negotiate the complexities that Introverted Sensation’s emphasis on continuity cannot always deal with well., He also revealed he became a citizen in 2009 and boasted about having people in the PAP grassroots organizations:, Also meanwhile also, I've gotten to Book II of Our Mutual Friend. Mr Headstone has just been introduced. With a name like "Headstone," you know he's going to be an important character, with his head full of facts and figures about which he seems to feel absolutely nothing. Stone head. Headstone. Get it? Clever Mister Dickens. I wish I had his way with character names. I always end up plundering Butler's Lives or history books., And then, there was the ring problem... at precious events, I'd scattered my rings on dessert platters. But I wanted something more professional, more unique - so I set to work. The idea of using an old shoe hit me - totally wacky, so it was perfect! I had these old cheap shoes that I never wore, so I spray painted one. Then I used upholstery foam, fabric and hot glue to put it all together and it turned out pretty neat!, My second day in Italy, Stacey and I hopped on a train to go to Bologna for the day. This was my first time in Bologna, and I instantly fell in love. This is one of the most welcoming cities I’ve ever been to. Everyone there greeted us with a smile, everyone we asked to give us directions didn’t hesitate and people were more than willing to help you in any other way., Jennifer says, 2010-05-28 Unnamed smallholder murdered, 2 teen daughters gangraped. Meyerton 2010-06-02 MEYERTON, VEREENIGING. Two teenage girls were gang-raped by the four black men who had first shot dead their father execution-style on their Meyerton smallholding on Friday-evening, May 28 2010, André Damons and Sonja van Buul of Beeld reported that police arrested four Mozambiquan citizens within just hours of the gruesome murder and gang-rapes. The unnamed murder victim apparently originally hails from Kuruman in the Northern Cape. He was attacked about 10pm at his smallholding at Boltan World, Meyerton on Friday. Robbed: a tv-set and a radio, which were found back by the SAPS. http://www.nuus24.com/Suid-Afrika/Nuus/Vier-vas-n%C3%A1-pa-vermoor-dogters-verkrag-is-20100602, - My wife says: I don’t like watching fighting much (but I’ve watched each weeks fight, So, yeah., With what looked like increasing cloud cover on the horizon I decided to bring my visit to an end and walked to the end of the clothing optional zone and reluctantly dressed., Seeker slo-mo animations VATS death animations, and why you would like them), I meant to post about it a long time ago, but I kept putting it off and now here I am almost at the end of my pregnancy!, Why do people just jump at unsubstantiated rumours like this? They fall apart if you just think hard enough., I’m so glad I did it but every step I took I wanted to give up. I got to the first mile marker and couldn’t help but think: That was only a mile. I’m done. I want to go home and go back to bed! I can’t do 5 and a half more miles. I’ll surely die!, Let’s have one good meal here. Let’s make it a feast. Then I ask you, I plead with you, I beg you all, walk out of here with me, never to come back. It’s the moral and ethical thing to do. Nothing good goes on in this place. Let’s lock the doors and leave the building to the spiders, moths and four-legged rats., They had so many different chocolates to choose from, and very few handed out samples so we each just found a couple, but my favorite kind was Pompelmo Rosa in Dolce Moscata. It was a citrus flavor- kind-of like grapefruit, but a bit sweeter., 2. An Increase in small local Cheese makers will spark interest in Beer and Cheese pairings., Amongst the reasons for the delays were a Tory government deeply committed to defending the police from criticism no matter how valid; we had to wait until the Blair government before a proper inquiry was launched., cbrianwolf@gmail.com, 1.) (22 December 2006) “One of the reasons I think she should be thought of as fairly credible is that she rejected a 2 million dollar plus offer by people on behalf of Duke at the outset.”, I am just happy the past few weeks have been put behind us. We are so thankful for Alex taking this whole experience like a trooper! He has been one steadfast, amazing little boy! I am 100% positive that he is stronger than most people I know...including me!, Someone had left two baskets of strawberries in my fridge and I woke up one morning knowing they were on their last little legs. I could almost hear them calling to me, “End it! End our suffering!”, Target readers actually are an excellent idea and I would define them as beta+. Unlike the experienced writers they are not analysing the skill of the writer but are responding as a reader. Does this text work? The experienced writer will look for faults and will critique towards making the text more polished. They will also have some idea of how to flirt with the publishing, Since they rightly concluded that homosexuality clearly did not meet this two-pronged set of criteria as do actual psychiatric disorders such as alcoholism, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, depression, et al., it was appropriately removed from the DSM. Had homosexuality been retained in the DSM, it would have stood out as a sore thumb as the only category not meeting the two-pronged standard set by the scientific committee for the revision of the whole DSM., Because of this, the search for Public Administration as an autonomous science and as a specialized field was encouraged. Since Public Administration is so diverse a subject, there were those who proposed new ideas., Although the inn looks to be a building snuggled up against Castle Rock, the inn also consists of areas carved into the Rock, creating cave-like rooms, and is connected to a labyrinth of sandstone caves below. When visiting, a tour of the caves can be arranged but, unfortunately, not when we visited in January (off-season)., Boil Time: 90 min, Isn't he dreamy?, Anyway — here's an advertisement that appeared in National Geographic, I believe, when Union Carbide first started operations in India., This pink belt was the very first belt I bought after seeing belts in a blog. You can't totally tell from the photograph but it's pale pink and wide. I bunched the turtleneck dress up a bit to make my leg line look longer, yet still keep my torso long. I find with having big girl ta-tas, belts can be tricky and break up the body in unflattering ways., ER. CRiSAP encourages ways to animate archives, how has this been undertaken within LCC?, The following month, this story appears in the magazine Simplicissimus. And, a few weeks later, the writer receives from a person unknown to him, a painter by the name of Hocker, the following letter:, Noticing things leads to discovery. What about the graffiti on that building, the design in that cappuccino, the stitching in that dress, or the sprinkles on your cupcake? What about finding the amazing in the mundane, once you start paying attention? Isn’t that where inspiration comes from?, We have to recognize the following fact: Inhumane elements exist in the other camp. These are terrorists that Israel must eliminate, before they kill our children., For my card this week, I used the Mojo Monday sketch 220. I chose some of the beautiful papers in the Bo Bunny Snowfall 6 x 6 pad that is now available in the Sweet 'n Sassy Stamps store. These papers are beautiful and wintery. I used some bling on some of the snowflakes and a rhinestone ring around the sentiment panel for some sparkle. Two different embossing folders added extra texture., Just not on your site, right Miro?, The heroine, Allison Doyle, was introduced in Snapped and she certainly made an impression there. I knew she's going to be a kick-ass, tough as nails kind of gal and I was really excited to see what kind of hero the author will pair her up with. Has-the-weight-of-the-world-on-his-shoulders Special Agent Mark Wolfe who was 43 years old to Allison's 27 was not who I expected but they worked. The romance aspect was a bit more downplayed in Twisted than in the author's previous novels but it was still well-done. The romance here unfolded slowly but it made it more believable--besides the fact that Mark and Allison's focus is on the case and trying to piece together the clues to catch the serial killer, they had a few big issues they have to work out (their age difference being one of them). But, yes, there was enough steam between the two to satisfy romance readers., I printed the bee's from Create A Critter and stamped the faces with Peachy Keen's Cornies faces. The frames were cut from Accent Essentials and I cut an extra one for a template. With the template frame, I lined it up over the bee where I wanted it and traced it. I then cut the bee into a square 1/8 inch smaller than the frame and glued the frame to the bee square. The flowers were cut from Mother's Day Bouquet and I added brads to the centers. For the center one I stamped the sentiment. I made the matching envelope using a framed bee, a decorative strip of paper which I added a punched border to., 5. Blow The Wind Southerly 2:49, The next case discussed was Case C-70/10 Scarlet v SABAM, in which the Court of Justice had to consider the validity of a Belgian court order that an ISP monitor the content of sites it hosted in order to determine whether file-sharing infringed copyright or not. There were also some non-IP arguments here, relating to the freedom of businesses to conduct their business and to data protection. The Court of Justice had no doubt that the Belgian order had gone too far, as its ruling makes plain. But how far does this ruling affect the pending judicial review of the Digital Economy Act? We shall soon find out., Preheat your oven to 200°, Ellington’s hope that television would provide a significant new outlet for his type of jazz was not fulfilled. Tastes and trends had moved on without him. The introduction of the 33 1/3 rpm LP record and hi-fi phonograph though, did give new life to many of his older compositions. However by 1955, after three years of recording for Capitol, Ellington no longer had a regular recording affiliation., Prior to 2011, I would groan about every birthday party invitation the girls received because of the presents I would have to buy. Now, not only is it easier to buy without fearing it will break my budget, I also am much better about only spending what we can afford. Because the girls (and their friends) are older, I'm usually okay with just giving cash. It saves on wrapping, time and effort, and $10 itself may not be very much, but the recipients are thrilled to add it to their stash., Sorry that, when no one in the world was on your side, I sided with the world., Business travel isn't fun, but it doesn't particularly bother me either. I missed the Oscars and my friends' Oscar party for the first time in years, although I did manage to win the Oscar pool in absentia., After recovering from the initial cold water shock, the overall effect of the flower bath is one of comfort. I always left the flower baths with a feeling of being grateful and of being at peace., From the Guardian:, Known as Vishu Kani, this plate full of auspicious things is the first thing that the families see on the day of Vishu, marking a beautiful start to the year. I personally think it is a lovely custom – to start the new year by seeing something beautiful first thing in the morning., Albert Schweitzer To educate yourself for the feeling of gratitude means to take nothing for granted, but to always seek out and value the kind that will stand behind the action. Nothing that is done for you is a matter of course. Everything originates in a will for the good, which is directed at you. Train yourself never to put off the word or action for the expression of gratitude., Kindle: No 13 digit ISBN. Page number source: 0062065238 and ASIN (Amazon’s own code), As I disrobed, Thus it was last Saturday. The sun was shining, the sky was blue, so I had a good excuse to go to South Park in The Hague (it’s really the name of the park). Once I was outside, I noticed that it was a bit chilly, but the thought of visiting the park with sunrays touching on my head, made me forget the breeze., Cuando Adán sondeó y Eva se revolvió,, Last but not least was the # 1 performance of day 1 and my long awaited debut of seeing the Swedish House Mafia. Axwell, Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso, together known as the Swedish House Mafia had an absolute massive performance on the Main Stage. Massive is the only word I am able to come up when trying to explain this set, the stage production was huge with several up and down moving led screens, flames and fireworks on stage and in the air, huge confetti explosions, and a truly insane lazer show. If you have an hour to spare, here is their entire live set to close out day 1 of Coachella 2012 Weekend 1., I'm pretty well used to the idea that most of the things I'm interested in as diversions aren't universally popular in our house. Long drives, biking, walking trails, getting lost in the woods, taking pictures, and 99% of the shows on the Discovery/History channels. But it seems that even a broken clock is right twice a day, and sometimes that even happens on the right day., The same editorial suggests, that “…the government needs to consider letting Chinese and Korean fishermen share the profits made from what they catch in the West Sea.” According to Andrew Shen, in a December 2011 piece, Beijing would likely scoff at that proposal., Visual impact is ephemeral, it's an impression you receive and which suggests a thousand thoughts...., I've loved this band right from the off, having seen their first UK show at the Metro Club in Oxford Street. I was blown away with their enthusiasm and sheer electric showmanship, and for a while they were the darlings of the music press, set to be the band that The Strokes never quite became. They disappeared from the radar of the music press pretty quickly, but I've always kept a keen eye on their career. Stir The Blood is the Bravery's third album, and much like the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, there is a real maturity and sophistication to the sound on this outing. They are also experimenting a little more electronically, and the result is pure dynamite!, Looking for a good book? Just in time for Texas Mystery Month, I've got your next excellent reading material right here! My friend Robin Allen has a new novel out: If You Can't Stand the Heat. It's a cozy mystery with a witty protag, so if you want a fun read with an interesting plot that moves at a fast pace, this is the book for you. It's gotten great reviews., "I'm not talking to you until you start listening to Beyonce," says the boy. I laughed when I heard what he said. My grade school memory kicks into gear and I giggle... Is that a threat or a promise?, Hello! What a hideous day we're having! Hopefully all the people in the north reading this are tucked up snug indoors!, Here are some updates!, Rotten Tomatoes:93% – Featuring outstanding work from an excellent cast that includes Jack Nicholson, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Matt Damon, The Departed is a thoroughly engrossing gangster drama with the gritty authenticity and soupy morality that has infused director Martin Scorcese’s past triumphs., It is part of Cinderella’s virtue that she bears no scars from her mistreatment — her shabby dress and shedding broom are the only signs of the painful cage she’s been imprisoned in. Yet the fact that Cinderella’s unflagging goodness constantly translates into smooth, flowing steps — always humble and pretty — can get wearing., 2. DOT/CSA Regulations: “With the passing of the new DOT regulations they are now blaming the truck driver for everything. Now all of the problems are going to the individual and not the company. If a light goes out on your truck, it is your fault.” -El Paso, TX—Pilot Travel Center, There is a linkage between U.S. foreign and immigration policy that is detrimental to our interest (check out the connection between the Rockefellers and the American foreign policy establishment through organizations like the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission), the systematic robbery of the American people by Wall Street bankers through the Federal Reserve Bank, and the bankrupting of the federal and state governments. This linkage betrays an agenda that seeks a global concentration of power and wealth. These linkages are public record and are easily verifiable., During his WWI sea-faring days, the ship he was on was captured by the enemy. Hijacking a lifeboat, our narrator is able to escape and washes up on a strange little island that would make the passengers of both the S.S. Minnow and Oceanic Flight 815 run screaming for their lives., Braving the cliffs and resting in the fields, unwillingly learning to let go of the old and storied rose varieties, that battle with the heat, leaf loss and sunburn. Choosing the disease resistant modern varieties, WITH fragrance – like Perfume Passion which has a layer of buds at shoulder height now., unresponsive… The bathtub was, Bestselling author Dannah Gresh empowers moms of with six proactive ways to raise sons age 8-12 to be honest, confident, and respectful. This encouraging, practical resource shows how the formative years can shape a godly, healthy teen and adult. Includes engaging activity ideas, and Scriptures to pray over sons., “For me, socialism represents moral value – the dignity and human rights of all citizens,” she told the San Francisco Chronicle in 2005. “That is, the resources of a society should be shared and the wealth redistributed as widely as possible.”, A few hundred years later and Poland, through the help of a union with Lituania had become one of the most powerful countries in Europe, but it desperately needed stability and Sobieski gave it just that. Sobieski rocks because he was a more than good military commander who beat the Turks black and blue in the 1683 Battle of Vienna. He was such an able military commander that he controlled not only Polish forces in the battles but also German and Austrian troops. He was so impressive, other European monarchs nicknamed him 'The saviour of western civilization' - what a nick name! - oh and Sobieski Vodka is named after him., It turned out the man was from Hong Kong and had studied business at some New Jersey college. After he graduated he decided to work for an American company for one year to get experience. He got a job as a sales agent at Quill, a job to recruit new customers. He put on the best suit he knew to get, put the contracts in a business bag and started walking the hood. In my building he started from the bottom floors and was kicked out from every single space (they are mostly carpenters here, with no fancy Epson printers). Undeterred by the failure, he continued on till reached the top floor. Me., I'll keep everyone posted on this., About three quarters of the way through the school year I got a kidney infection that kept me out of school for a good couple of weeks. When I returned to school and the Choir room for the Varsity Class, I promptly and quietly found my chair and waited for class to begin, just as I always did. The choir director, Mr. Flikkert fixed his eyes on mine, noticing I was in class. Without saying a word, he turned on his heels and grabbed some sheet music from his desk on the other side of the room. You see, the first song was kind of a big deal and we all wanted our favorite. It was kind of a warm up of sorts. Everybody in class automatically stopped chatting and we all settled in and waited to see what the first number was going to be while he took his customary place behind the piano. Mr. Flikkert said, he had noticed a returning student back with us after an absence that was much too long due to an illness. I looked around the choir room and wondered who he was talking about. Who did I have this in common with? Then he went so far as to utter my Name, right out loud! I wasn’t accustomed to this kind of attention! He said the class had agreed this would be the first song we would sing upon my return., In other words, God keeps His promise to remember. He puts us on our honor to remember to be grateful. God kindly cautions us not to forget to be grateful. He puts it succinctly: give thanks., He famously played Tinky Winky (the purple one) in the children’s television show Teletubbies but was equally famously fired for being too gay (which he isn’t) in the role and he is no stranger to the backstage world of television., Two days before, I’d had a check-up and was told that if something hadn’t happened by 10 February, I’d be checking in to get the process started with a little help from the hospital. I felt a little more relaxed. One way or another, the end was in sight and I would soon come face-to-face with the little person who’d been listening to my bump-mumblings and kicking me in the bladder for the past few months., Taking the musical sounds of the West over to the Far East ensured that much of the music of those cultures surely entered into the guitarist’s way of thinking. He undoubtedly refined his technique and returned to Canada a much different player than when he left., a. A wildly popular children’s TV show, In this episode, Jim was talking to a 12-year-old girl from the School of Rock whose favorite band is Neutral Milk Hotel. The other 12-year-old girl’s favorite band is Paramore – not quite as wild, but still a solid choice., *I made my mashed potatoes with buttermilk, butter, salt and pepper- ah ma goodness. Highly recommend that!, Overpopulation, I felt like giving Melissa a few shakes herself, as she agonizes over which man to hitch her wagon to. I was rooting for one young man in particular, but Walker doesn’t show her hand too soon. Instead, she carries the reader along with Melissa as she runs through the pros and cons of each fella. To her credit, Melissa eliminates the married ones. Well, at least the one whose marriage is only one day old. You have to read all the way to the end to see who Melissa chooses. All I’ll tell you is, it’s not the one I wanted her to take up with., It’s a phrase that I had to mentally repeat daily during my last semester of college. I was enrolled in a feature writing class that I loved, really I did, except for the time between submitting my article to the professor and receiving her feedback. It didn’t matter what sort of comment she wrote in the margin; it could have been a punctuation change. Whatever it was made me see red. Stubbornly, instead of learning from what she, the experienced professional, was flagging in my work, I dug in my heels and snottily thrust my nose in the air. She just didn’t know what she was talking about, I thought. My work was perfect., I made raffle tickets… only twenty-five each time and we sold them for a dollar each. The winner of the draw could then pick the pattern and the colour of the wool and Mama would knit a dress or a suit for them. All that work for about $12.00 profit ,,, but it all helped out., “Well, then,” he said., * Warehouse Manager, Busy month for me with a trip to DC followed by a trip to Vegas for work. In the short month I have unofficially ( I weigh in on Saturdays) lost 4 lbs. I also managed to get my butt back to Bikram. I have been twice this week and I'm feeling sore but, it is a good sore. I've been inconsistent with my running and I worked out ZERO times in Vegas but walked A LOT and I didn't gain an ounce. In retrospect a pretty good month. Exercise could be better, but I was very conscience of my diet., with good kitty energy before I set off for the weekend., It began to seem to me that society was and is dealing with the problem of paedophiles very badly. How they should be dealing with them I do not know, but pushing them away does not seem to be working., At first, I was only writing in first person as the women (persona) or third person with the women as subjects. After several poems, this began to weigh on me. I switched to unexpected view points out of necessity. I was bored, and the book was going to be much too dark if every poem took you inside a jail cell or to the electric chair. I began to ask questions like, What does a jury really think about? What about their children? What about witnesses? I soon realized the new viewpoints told a fuller story., A pen name or a nom de plume is a pseudonym adopted by an author. Its sometimes used to make the author’s name more distinctive or to disguise their gender (as in the case of J.K Rowling, her publishers were worried that boys may not read books if they realized they are written by a female), to distance an author from all of his /her works, to protect the author from retribution for their writings and for several other reasons either related to marketing or for aesthetic, Dallas Cowboys: A, Portobello, Mr. Quiet, who was well-known but lightly regarded inside the ad industry, suddenly achieved great fame. As the president and chief creative officer of the agency that produced the brilliant Super Bowl spot, he went on to achieve godlike status., We had fun looking through his past work, Dennis telling me about how he made the poster, how it was printed, etc. (we've been geeking out on print shop talk now for a while). That Jimi Hendrix poster is a reprint, but Ray Manzarek of the Doors is holding out for an original, if it's still available. (Yes, this is a name-dropping sort of place. But the cool thing is that these artists actually know the musicians, who love their work and inspire more.), SPS will be selling the Cameo for $269.00!, Brenda’s faith and God’s strength enable her to face challenge after challenge: an accident that leaves her son blind and brain damaged, a crumbling marriage, a tornado that kills her parents, a new relationship with promising football player Kurt Warner, and the pressures his sudden success brings to their growing family., With public finances still precarious and no money voted in the most recent budget for the project, if the redevelopment is to begin this year it must be through private investment. Although Cayman Airports Authority is one government’s unsubsidised companies and its earnings have been sufficient to deal with the piecemeal renovations, the anticipated surplus for this financial year of just over $3.5milllion falls far short of the funds required for a complete renovation and runway extension., He said, "Osborne and deputy premier Clegg have been keen to describe the emergency package as progressive in the sense that the rich will feel more pain than the poor. That is a debatable claim. The budget looks less progressive - indeed somewhat regressive - when you take out the effect of measures that were inherited from the previous government, when you look further into the future than 2012-13, and when you include some other measures that the Treasury has chosen not to model.", ‘LOL,’ a teenage coming of age story starring Miley Cyrus whose character struggles with love, freedom, and growing up. Demi Moore plays her mother, who tries to prevent her rebellious party daughter from ruining her life (as moms do). This isn’t heavy stuff, just a fluffy teenage dramedy (with lines like, “It’s so good to love someone so much it hurts” and “I hate her. Look at her – even her underwear is skankville.” Clearly the film is targeted to the girls that followed Cyrus as Hannah Montana.“LOL” marks the first PG-13 film for Cyrus, 19, who has previously found some success in more kid-friendly fare. A documentary following the pop star on her Hannah Montana concert tour grossed a solid $65.3., Words without letters, You get an even suntan, on your back and on your legs., If you have any questions about anything beauty related just ask away! I would love to answer all of your beauty needs!, Her: “…ceremony and…”, Instead I pulled my laptop out from the desk and sat in bed doing some research on lost dogs. It didn’t take me long to find and article from a local newspaper with the dramatic headline: ‘Pampered Pooch Presumed Dead’. It was from the village to the East, about two miles away, and it detailed the loss of a West Highland Terrier bought by two wealthy parents for their spoilt teenage daughter; at least, that is how I read it. Apparently the dog had gone missing almost a month ago and there was a large reward for any information on his whereabouts., You are whole., Gloria and Roxy meet again by accident while Roxy is working at the Hump Bar and Gloria comes in for a drink. There she finally starts talking to Roxy and she learns that Gloria might not even love her new husband. This all changes when he gets heat exhaustion and ends up in the hospital and Gloria realizes that she loves him., Mother: Why not?, What elements are described here?, “While natural gas production is carried out by private firms, and States are the primary regulators of onshore oil and gas activities, the Federal Government has an important role to play by regulating oil and gas activities on public and Indian trust lands, encouraging greater use of natural gas in transportation, supporting research and development aimed at improving the safety of natural gas development and transportation activities, and setting sensible, cost-effective public health and environmental standards to implement Federal law and augment State safeguards,” the executive order says., To make the long day short, through many phone calls with my mom and the missions trip, I came up with the 500 and had enough to go on the trip. It was supposed to be a joyous moment, but instead it was another burden within itself. I only had enough for the first trip and not the extended extra week trip, which I was signed up on to attend. This was going to be another extra $1104. They gave me another 2 weeks and said to see what happends. I was so confused. Half of me wanted to just be done but then I was like, this door for this extended trip is still open, I don’t know if I should go for it., by Chaucey Olcott and George Graff, Jr., No question- I'm still my father's son and sometimes that's just a little bit scary., I can’t tell you how much appreciate this extreme honor., I opened my gift and discovered a sweet brooch that had been my grandmother’s. Mama knew I collected these old brooches and—somehow—had wrapped this treasure from her own jewelry box, as she’d wrapped some of my Dad’s wonderful old tie-tacks for Phillip. The pin is lovely, but I value it more because it’s come to symbolize what that year taught me about love and the infinite ways it may surprise and enliven our days, if we keep our eyes and hearts open., Also, we will have a list of upcoming Feb. 2010 certifications available next month, so keep looking for more details., “I want some real nice cereal today. No, I’ll have my weetabix please and 150ml of hazelnut milk which I measure in a glass. I want my control. No, I want fun cereal. No, control. No fun cereal. Ah stuff it, I’ll go for control, we’ll have fun cereal later in the chaos”., I don't really like going out when it's so cold!, He sometimes delves into cultural criticism, but always in a way that is related to the topic at hand. For instance, he divulges from a story of his Dad competing in a talent show in 1975 to a discourse on the culture of hate and humiliation associated with talent shows today., Or sometimes it's just a matter of getting started. If you don't feel inspired, prepare the canvas, lay in the background colors. Or start writing about the moment you're in. Sometimes my best work happens this way. It focuses us, calms us, opens the door for creativity., You’ve probably already heard about Caine, but in case you haven’t he’s the 9 year old boy from East Los Angeles who made a functioning arcade out of cardboard shipping boxes, packaging tape, dime store calculators, and some old personal toys for prizes, inside his dad’s used auto parts store., So this time around I wanted to do everything I hadn’t managed to do, almost in response to that somewhat dismal vacation that started in a dirty, smelly hotel with a used condom in the couch and ended with me taking a shuttle back to my college town because my choir director lived in Salt Lake City, quite close to the airport. Stuff happened in between, but what I mostly remember is the stale, cigarette-flavored tuna sandwich I ordered from Subway while said director ate at the Bellagio buffet (or one much like it) with an old friend., A gate overgrown with greenery is the first clue that diners are about to enter a secret garden. Justin explained that he wanted to create a deliberate escape for harassed and harangued city workers., Throughout all his productive years, Henry also hoarded lots of stuff, including his paintings, writing and scrap books on various subjects, including the weather., All Europeans know about this, but Americans may not be acquainted with the Eurovision song contest, an annual rite in which dreadful bands in the EU compete with each other for temporary renown. As my friend Grania wrote, who called this piece to my attention:, of Nick Griffin's BNP; Britain's fastest shrinking political party., 11. What do you do during your "me time"?, Get creative today doing this…, 1. Riding my bicycle. I haven’t ridden in a couple months, and even though I’m having a blast longboarding, I just don’t feel whole, as ridiculous as that sounds. It’s getting to the point where I’m looking at people biking around campus and feeling jealous that I’m not – ha. Last summer, I biked close to six miles a day for work, and this summer, I want to add another dimension: exploring SF for maybe an hour or so after work. I love biking on city streets, taking in the sights and sounds, and it’s my hope that I learn more about the areas near and far from my workplace. Who knows, maybe I’ll starting bike vlogging again. That would be neat., To add EQ Three to a track, drag it from the Live Effects Browser to the title bar of the desired track(s)., Well, I just can't beleive how much time has flown by these last few months! I've been working on my own now since August and I really enjoy my job. I love the unit, and especially the crew I work with. They are supportive, funny, hard working, and have your back in a pinch. I am still learning and that's probably why I love it so much, you're always learning and every shift is a new adventure! It's hard to put my experieances down on paper because there has been so many and I don't even know where I would begin., So, why would an otherwise well-known and reputable selling agent, who knows the area, be offering this house at an inflated price that is not at all in line with local sales?, The past 24 hours .. we saw a 6.7M in the southwest Pacific (Tonga) north of New Zealand…. and now a 5.9M in Japan., - Brooklyn Inkspot has a great new website, and both they and sister shop Bella Greens are now on Twitter (@BrooklynInkSpot and @BellaGreens1, respectively)., Discovered in Manchester, England (2011)., This is an old joke (to me), but I haven't put it on the blog before, and here we are at J. I couldn't find the picture I wanted of me in a really nice yellow dress, but this one will do., Well today has been a mixed bag: we went to see the Crazy Horse Memorial, which is good, but the Trek is still not fixed, which is bad. Let me explain..., Our life is never dull, when we watch it from within. Compare it to a movie, but then with the emotions and perceptions of the main character included. Emotions and feelings are signals that we can learn from, if we observe them and take them into account. Hiding them, or hiding from them, will just mean that we could be missing out on something new, something that adds spice to our life, that helps us grow in knowledge and experience. Wouldn’t that be interesting?, For his special day, MrSmith got some personalized gifts from the kids (a pottery piece and a handdrawn comic book), as well as some chocolate (free), a wok for his BBQ (no tax) and last but not least, Super Mario Galaxy 2 free with our Swagbucks points. He then somehow managed to get some golf in there after he told me he could get some golf packages for a steal... he must've appealed to my frugal couponing side!, E@L has only met the short-suffering woman (the wife) two or three times, not enough to maintain her name either in his leaky sieve underneath the dripping glue form his rotting memory banks. Fuck what is it with E@L and names? Heard she was sick, but The Prick never told E@L of what. Him? Tell E@L anything? Turns out if was freakin' breast cancer. Oh my freakin' christ. The death-worthy prick. The lump was scanned in their TST office by a friend of E@L's, he hears now, someone in his old company another source of gossip, as a favour to The Prick who apparently had charmed her at one of my parties . "Get to a freakin' real Doctor immediately!" That was fair to middling unprofessional btw, but we are in Asia., "They don't know the true facts about our theatre activity. Somehow, they have been manipulated, they are getting it wrong. It is important to emphasise, we express our political views in many of our projects. But like other theatre companies and dance companies in Israel, we are state-financed, and financially supported to perform all over the country. This is the law. We have no choice. We have to go, otherwise there is no financial support. It is not easy. We have to be pragmatic." Of the 1,500 performances given by the company every year, he said that about "four or five" were in the Ariel settlement in the West Bank. "It is a little bit out of proportion to represent us this way., I’m looking forward to my belly dance students performing at some local haflas (recitals/parties) in town. They are already asking when they’re performing and that’s exciting! I’m also looking forward to seeing my Zumba students make progress toward their goals and having fun during that one hour of their day. And last, I’m looking forward to traveling a little this year and making a trip back to Mississippi to teach and host world-famous belly dancer, Ms. Tamalyn Dallal., I received a copy of Snow Leopard in the mail so that I can move my MobileMe account to iCloud. A Snow Leopard 10.6.3 DVD and a thick multi-language Software License Agreement booklet are packed in a brown padded envelope., You had better believe we'll use this prayer at this year's annual Assumption Feast (scheduled for August 19 at the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary, just outside of Cashton, WI. If you're in our neck of the woods, e-mail me about joining us for a sung High Mass, procession, and feast afterwards featuring abundant victuals and homebrew.), I haven't been to a Carol service in far too long and who doesn't love to sing a little at Christmas?, Random.org is used to pick the winner., Anyhow that is my bitch for the day. I am off to my yoga class to try and calm down., Here at Beer Blokes I want to talk about much more pressing issues. I’m all very excited to see which Aussie beers score a mention in The Local Taphouse Top 100 craft beer poll this year (announced later today) and even more excited to see if any of my nominations rate in the top 10 and even, even more excited to see if my entry is the one randomly chosen to score a slab of each of the top 5., Mix the remaining olive oil with balsamic vinegar. Combine the toasted bread chunks, tomatoes, red onion, basil, mozzarella, and oil & vinegar., I’ve recently aquired a new lens, a bit of a must do thing really, because my old lens was struggling in darker conditions. Although that lens had a constant aperture of F4 and produced some amazing results, I always struggled when it came to taking good quality images in low light situations., Richard Manuel, background vocal, As they were speaking, according to Acts 4:1,, Religion and Science:, Now, I am not saying that doing everything God’s Word commands will always bring immediate ease and comfort in life, but In this instance it calmed the beast. The one in me and the one in the other person., The Salafi doctrine held by the al Qaeda killer Muhammad Merah who murdered four Jews, including three children, in Toulouse Monday, is rife in the south Lebanese Palestinian Ain Hilwa refugee camp. The most active are two Palestinian jihadist groups, the Abdullah Azzam Brigades, which now and then shoots rockets into northern Israel, and Jund al-Sham, which is closely tied to al Qaeda branches in Lebanon, Syria and Iraq, where they call themselves Osbat al-Ansar., Be on the lookout ladies! There is a straight player in the house. Mike's expression closes out the conversation nicely, and to me this clearly says "He knows now". I've been bipped by a mutha-bippin' hustler!, Hope you like these as much as I do. :^), I think most writers have weird behaviors that they partake in while they write, before they write and after they write. I’ve started to become more aware of mine…, There are days where bleary eyes and trembling hands consider such a thing. Because the tea leaves can only be spooned out so far. Dividing half by half by half is absurd in the light of abundance, but abundance doesn't last. It gets lost under a mounting wall of bills. The cheap and plentiful becomes costlier and scarcer not because it ceases to exist; it is because the sluicing effects of money diminish when that revenue stream dries up. The flood becomes a trickle. The trickle becomes elusive., In response, Anglican Mainstream and the Core Issues Trust issued a statement warning that the liberal clergy were trying to “unacceptably redefine Judeo-Christian belief”., Austerity measures are a difficult sell in Europe. This summer, Greek police needed to use tear gas to disperse 20,000 protesters at Greece’s Parliament House, as citizens demonstrated against the government’s wage cuts and tax increases. By October 19, the organized protests grew to 70,000 people strong., different genres. Zapiro isn't a Zulu tribesman. And even if Zapiro, 2 white, But another fear has gripped South African football fans: what if the country is ready, but the team is not? On the brink of the biggest moment in South Africa's sporting history, the woeful performance of the national football team threatens to spoil the party., * MIB tells Ben to shoot Llana with the rifle. He does not., Kamla Persad-Bissessar, a popular lawyer and well-liked woman from Siparia who likes reggae and prone to lip syncing on the campaign stage, will soon be sworn in as the new and first female Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago replacing the most unpopular and rightfully vilified Prime Minister Patrick (from Torouba to Guanapo with Hart and a seer Woman) Manning. Hip-Hip, Hooray! Fireworks! Fireworks! The People’s Partnership won 29 and the PNM 12., Lost in darken seas, He said he would now take leave from study and return to China., And so I’ll be hitting the high street with my three ‘maids. There will be a colour palette as I think there is a need for unity of some sort, but after that they can literally pick what they like as long as a budget is adhered to and they promise they will wear it again., Then I had every intention of getting it to them before New Year's., We are in receipt, Again, Give1Save1 is all about supporting families who are adopting and orphans. Give $1 and help Save 1 life. :) It's unbelievable the response we have gotten from others with sharing about us and donating towards our adoption fund. This adoption journey has been life-changing for Eric and me. Asking for others to help us start a family is a humbling experience. Of course, no one likes to ask others for help (especially when it comes to money!), but we know there are giving people out there who have not hesitated to ask us how they can help bring Baby Harshman home. We will forever be grateful for the time, effort, and donations every single one of you have put towards us through this journey. You all are A. MAZ. ING!, In fact, as I was interviewing former New Jersey Senator Dick Larossa today, we came up with a fantastic idea…, Although he loved Keely and Steve he was really my dog. When the weather was good he would run errands with me. He loved riding in the car. When the weather was warm and we took the top off the Wrangler he was in heaven., Talking about work, I have never said anything about my condition. When I had to take sick days I always said it was flu, stomach ache or whatever it occurred to me. They always bought it!, I am in love with people. This is my mantra. So far I have not been wrong. Yes, people are not perfect, but as long as you see their light you will never be disappointed by their shadows. You will not expect them to hold the world on their shoulders and wipe away your problems. I don’t. I love the people around me as if they are me. They make mistakes., Recently in City of Naga (Cebu), the President cracked another boring line that made him land in the entertainment section of newspapers. During the inauguration of the KEPCO-SPC Cebu Power Plant he told in his speech (as quoted by Willard Cheng in ABS-CBN News):, “Yes, Achilles, I want make scuba. THEN I want make ouzo. Ouzo for two-zo.”, 3 stalks spring onion, This letter states they are contravening the DOL small business bylaw by selling rain barrels., I do not know how you guys do it. Me, I am taking notes and have collected several new characters to write about. In fact the idea came to me that I should do a character study of all the deranged gentlemen I have been so fortunate to have worked for. Believe me I have worked for some real characters. But I digress…, (this excludes custom covers), Let me be clear, here. When I weighed 197 pounds had 46” hips, 45” bust and a 34” waist, I NEVER thought that to myself. I never saw myself as fat. I wasn’t fat then, and I’m not fat now. But somehow I’ve gotten that feeling., I don't think that she looks too thin at all, to me, she looks toned and healthy., etched, Dick has earned Grammys, Emmys, induction in the Rock n Roll Hall Of Fame and more., So the Torah shows us the Jewish People’s heritage, the retelling of its history, guidelines for the People and the universal messages of monotheism and social conduct, which the Western society have embraced., The only bummer about having visitors (aside from the extra sheets and towels to wash) is the crushing silence that follows when they’re gone., In Stavridis’ view and in fact NATO is a mechanism employed by the U.S. to conduct military operations in Europe, North Africa and the Middle East, to wage war in South Asia – for over ten years and with troops from over 50 nations – and to recruit legionaries from Central and South America, Eastern Europe, the South Caucasus, the Middle East, the Asia-Pacific region and elsewhere for wars in Europe, Asia and Africa., Skin: copics E11, 21 & 00 and R20, I suppose our only hope is that this 'advertising' propaganda begins to provoke a real backlash as it becomes more and more heavy-handed and incessant. I can only hope that more of our fellow citizens begin to recognize how they are being manipulated and conditioned, and that they reject it, like all truly free people would., 1.”In him we have redemption through His blood, the forgiveness of sins, in accordance with the riches of God’s grace.” -Ephesians 1:7 (NIV), The wonderful Sarah in action who's help was invaluable in class one!, I’m trying to see that. I’m trying to breathe, and pause, and reflect. I’m trying to savor each moment., The second phrase is used in conversation: "I just wanted to touch bases". I think I heard that phrase five times last week alone. Can we please retire that old cliche? While that saying may have been clever and tasty when it was first coined, its age and overuse has stolen its flavor--kind of like a baseball game hot dog. Despite the number of times I hear people use this cliche, the next time I say I want to "touch bases" with a friend, we'd better be running around a baseball diamond together., You can’t blame us really. Winsor was meant to be doing an independent report and yet it seems a blueprint copy from a speech Cameron made in 2006, and apart from the odd ‘colouring out of the lines’, this a carbon copy of what the Conservatives wanted 6 years ago. Don’t get me wrong, Labour weren’t kind either, but to say its an Independent review? Ha!, chocolate coating: 1/4 cup cocoa, 1/2 cup butter or coconut oil, 1/2 tsp. vanilla, 2 T. honey, "No, really mom, I THINK YOU HAVE ENOUGH!", (see larger image). The Astound has three fully customizable homescreens, giving you quick access to e-mail as well as the ability to check the latest from Facebook an… Read More >>, Don't care for dainty? Then suit up your child in a crime-fighting suit. Soften up what could be a too-tough look with dark, yet still feminine Abby clip bows. A prominent baby bow also flags the other parents to call her Supergirl instead of Superboy., Style Pitfalls – This may seem the easiest and most natural way to write plot and dialogue but this is often too noticeable., Here are some of the details from the event blog:, Tell him it is okay if Catholics are gay, as no one is perfect, and we are all sinners in the eyes of God., In the late 1920s, Henry Ford set up an American-style town called Fordlandia eighty miles south of the Brazilian city of Santarem. Fordlandia was the centerpiece a two million acre land concession the size of Connecticut. It was here that Ford planned to by-pass the English rubber growers of Malaya and to operate his own rubber plantations. The rubber from Brazil would be used for the tires of the automobiles pouring out of Ford’s factories., Stupidity., My heart thumps, loud forceful licks, Anyone near could hear them. Pounding through my skin, feel this. No man has ever done to me what you do., So the point of my rambling my new personal challenge is to not buy anything new....papers, stamps, digis, embellishments until I have used all of the stuff in my stash at least once!, The laser functions as a concentrated beam of light energy: similar to focusing the sun’s rays with a magnifying glass. The laser beam itself is hot and acts on moist tissue by evaporating water contained in tissue. Therefore, it is useful in removing warts, moles and skin lesions (not bone ). The laser also can be used to remove fungal nails permanently., But, you must not hate your body either. You must take care of your body, so that you may live long on the earth for the Lord., Forest City Ratner owns or controls about 90 percent of the properties in the project footprint; under eminent domain, the remaining properties would be acquired by ESDC and conveyed back to the developer. The project would displace about 60 residential households (5 owner-occupied and 55 rental units), involving about 118 people, and 13 commercial occupants, with about 185 employees. (A homeless shelter, whose residents were not counted in the above totals, would be relocated.) Commercial tenants would get relocation assistance and residential tenants would be offered comparable living space in the project--though there are questions about the terms of that relocation agreement., Letting them off the hook? Nope? That’s not up to me. If they are to be let off the hook, they have some action to take, which includes repentance. And only God can let them off the hook, though as long as they live they will endure the consequences of their choices. Now, I know that it may appear that they’re not experiencing any consequences, but we can’t see the torture God may be working in their souls. And they’re certainly not going to let it show if they can help it. But it’s not unusual for these people to turn to a variety of behaviors to try to numb the guilt and try to kill the compulsion to repeat the offense. Think of heavy drinking, drug abuse, sex addictions, serial “relationships,” loss of family and friends and certainly of self respect. They are living every day with the fear that someone will find out about their “dirty little secret.” So, no, forgiveness in no way lets them off the hook., GBS isn’t something that is routinely screened for in the UK. Having chatted to a few midwives i’ve learned that this is a pretty complex issue, and although there is a test its not always accurate enough for the NHS to pay for a blanket screening programme, I expect the illness is prevalent enough for them to justify it either. It always comes down to money doesn’t it? Well, I always think that prevention and early intervention is better than treatment of established problems – so I think (with zero medical knowledge, I might add) that there should be a national screening programme., I was taking a class called interpersonal communications and we had a group assignment. I was the youngest member of our group and the only one under 21. Our assignment was to somehow show the various forms of communication. I wish I could remember now the 5 or 6 forms we had to use but sadly I cannot., And it was the Russians, Oksana Domnina and Maxim Shabalin, reigning world champions, who skated last. Their scores would determine who would get an Olympic medal and in what order. Could they save Russian dominance in ice dancing? Or would history be made tonight? And they skated a powerful program, full of energy and emotion. They used unconventional costumes, utilizing ropes in their costumes for their lifts and spins. But I have to admit, as much as I laughed when he grabbed that rope around her waist and tossed around her like a trussed up Thanksgiving turkey, they did have wonderful spins and turns., 6pm: Denounced my Irish roots for not bringing me luck in the form of back pain relief and made Mexican food for dinner., Perhaps my long-term treatment of thinking too much and keeping things to myself lead to all this negative, unhealthy and insensitive evil thoughts. I really hate myself when this happens and I start becoming so emotional and pushing and avoiding and rejecting everyone around me and sooner or later, I’ll have a major breakdown and it comes to a point where I needed someone to be with me, lend me a shoulder, lend me a listening ear, lend me a hand I could hold on to, someone who could wipe my tears. But no, no one will be there, because why? Me being a pusher, I thought I was strong and I could handle all this feelings and emotions all by myself and always think that I am better off on my own, was actually a minor weakling. An angsty teenager that still needed her parents support for everything, needed friends to be with her, needed love, needed care & concern., La cabeza en el cielo, el cono en el suelo!, -I have now met face to face dozens of bloggers from around the world, These shots were all taken in rain the last 2 days using a Nikon D7000 and Nikon 18-200mm VRII lens. All are 3 exposures combined in Photomatix Pro 4 and finished in Photoshop., 18. The legendary thriller and suspense director Alfred Hitchcock did not win any Academy Awards while working with Universal., The great thing about Valentines Day is that, if you're a girl, you get to do nothing. Well, nothing official. Picking a place to have dinner, making reservations, planning other romantic date stuff, that's all out of our hands. This makes the day excruciatingly suspenseful, at least for me., Congratulations to Gail Mclane! Please send an email to info@zipfizz.com with your shipping information., WordCam is the ONLY Android app that lets you create fantastic visual masterpieces using your photos or your camera and any words you want! What can you create?, Karenne Wood, Well, as they say…no rest for the wicked., And yes, I do take requests., I will share a few more pictures Monday. Have a great weekend!, Believe it. It is real. But only for a season., the U.S. ground troops were, "I don’t believe in charity. I believe in solidarity. Charity is so vertical. It goes from the top to the bottom. Solidarity is horizontal. It respects the other person. I have a lot to learn from other people.” – Eduardo Galeano, This is why you should read Kiersten White's trilogy..., and fishy, all sea, of an iniquity that ruled at least, Stairs to my Apartment. Someone took all the trouble to lit up the entire stairs of my apartment with diyas (an earthen oil lamp). On a regular day, my apartment stairs looks more like a haunted place where anything horrible can happen., The play took the view of the younger rather than the older of Enid's daughters - that she was a monster as a mother, wife and friend, not to mention daughter and sister. And it was chock full of symbols - the empty wardrobe, with the clothesless hangers clattering together on the rail after her father left home when Enid was thirteen, the fact that her womb stopped developing at exactly that time, her insistence on writing jolly anecdotes about the family dog while her husband was burying him in the garden ..., Some try to group these things into neat little packages like liberal and conservative. I’m not a fan of those labels, or of any labels really. I think most people are more complicated than our labels. I know that the world is., It was a glorious day in MN today. It was sunny with temps in the low 80s and low humidity. In the words of Bruce Almighty it was a "B-E-A-utiful day"., Why have I felt defeat?, The winner will receive a package of holiday themed crafting supplies from my favorite Florida scrapbooking store: Scrapbook Fanatic. The lucky winner will also receive $1,000,000 in Damask Love "Love Bucks" which can be redeemed for compliments, smiles, hugs and high-fives., 23 Cardiff International Arena Cardiff, Wales, Before getting to the meat, it's interesting to me how everyone (including most reporters, as well as this writer) has struggled to accurately portray this rarified and seldom-viewed judicial disciplinary process. Hardly anyone is familiar with it, so coverage of these events has tended to analogize it with a criminal trial. So, in translation, "examiners" become "prosecutors," "findings of fact" become a "ruling." But this is an administrative procedure governed by its own rules (pdf). I'll admit, I've found myself struggling to wrap my own head around the intricacies and nuance of the process., Drop dough by rounded tablespoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake 7 to 9 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool 1 minute on cookie sheets; remove to wire rack. Cool completely. Store tightly covered., At Christmas time, we went to a home game at BYU and made all the kids (and my niece) "Jimmer" t-shirts (and even got autographs on them after the game!):, Normally hops are diploid, containing two sets of ten chromosomes in their cells, except in their sexual cells (pollen and eggs) which only contain one set and so are haploid. By chemically treating growing buds it is possible to produce cell with four sets of chromosomes in each cell (tetraploids). Why this is of interest to hop breeders is explanied by Burgess (9):, I gather a lot more elements got mixed in as I wrote, the density accumulating in the writing act, which I am sure you have experienced, especially in your new novel., Theist: So is this one. Did you hear about the dyslexic atheist who said There is no dog!?, Have you ever met that Christian….you know who I am talking about…the one that has all the answers and is rather pushy with faith. The one that is arrogant and acts like it regarding their belief. We have all met them. We don’t like them, we secretly wonder if they know something we don’t know… but basically we view them as the ones out there in the deep end. The media calls these Christians radical and fanatic and they are the ones that give the rest of us Christians a bad reputation., The Thomases have a 100 x 50 foot garden, which produces everything from melons through kale, Thomas said, and they use the crops in the restaurant, which features American standards--sandwiches, salads, and soups--at lunchtime, with German cuisine served at night., Well, I hope that I have encouraged my fellow Mama-readers to come over and join a great community (that just got a COMPLETE overhaul) of fellow mothers. And I hope to see you join one of , or even better, both of my groups today!, Big Bang’s 16 page fashion king pictorial will appear in the March issue of Vogue Korea, Next was the applique of motifs on the canopy. I had some misfortunes with the lettering on the canopy roof. For the English verse “His /Her Banner Over Me Is Love” I used very old fusible and so the letters peeled off after a few days…another lesson learned. For the replacement letters, figleaf motifs, Hebrew letters, Mogen David and Olive Branch appliques, I switched to new Steam A Seam Light. It took a couple of extra days to re-do the lettering but the results were satisfying., And now it is ten in the morning. My son is probably already in the auditorium, practicing the National Anthem and whatever “Children Are the Future” song the fifth graders will sing to reduce us Camcordering parents to tears. I can deal with that., Welcome welcome!!, Songs That Make You Wanna Jump up, Run Outside, Grab a Donut a Cop and Yell Chach Rules!!! CDr Self-Released, He pulled out a round small box and opened it., The first hat that I will review is a blue hat. It is about six inches tall with a furry bit on the top. The furry bit is slightly darker than the rest of the hat, which is lighter than the furry bit. The blue is a very nice colour. This hat is a nice hat!, Ms Howarth also sold her nappies onto a friend who used them for her two children before selling them on again to someone in her family. She said: “They last a very long time and I inspired another 2 friends to use reusable ones, which felt great.”, CIA report predicting that Israel won’t survive, 1947 Republicans give Obama a new campaign slogan Brilliant: Google street view exposes top secret IDF base FDR used the Jews, and the Jews tried to enlist the Republicans for their cause Former Palestinian Communications Ministers Slams Attorney General Over Web Censorship Biotechnology milestone as Israeli drug gains FDA approval Overnight music video Video: Latma–Yuval Diskin Consults and Freddie Spin Plans the Elections IDF denies it held a secret chemical drill Rabin assassin’s brother released from prison 4-May-12: Fewer terror attacks? It’s no accident Who shall live and who shall die? Beinart vs Gordis Deathmatch 4-May-12: The bloodbath that is Syria: can anyone make any sense of it? LATMA’s tribal update featuring Yuval Diskin consulting and Freddie Spin planning the elections Guess The Lover In Honor Of Star Wars Day This is not a parody: Muslim joining ADL Board of Directors Surprise: Most Israelis want elections in November 2013 just like they were supposed to be Moran Samuel On The ‘Italian Job’ Hamas cynically celebrates World Press Freedom Day Antisemitic Belgian Waffle, "New?", Dawn: My children did this ONCE and never did anything like it again. It all boils down to training, parenting, and discipline. And the child KNOWING discipline is in ORDER before they ever do it again!, 5:00 PM Klaxon Howl, “Thank you. I think.” I couldn’t help smiling. Betty was the only one I knew who spoke the truth without holding back. She didn’t tip-toe around stuff. Very different from my family. Tip-toeing was what we did best., I sure didn’t want to have to start him every morning., Moon sped back in towards the sea front, his mind was racing! Both Shag and Kelly had taken out a rocker! WOW!!, Clarifying and communicating our needs before we unite our lives: Whether we want to see it that way or not, marriage is a contract between two persons who promise certain things to each other. Unfortunately for many, this contract is simply a formality for the religion or the state., -Hilda, On the green side…color is vibrant..using a green, blue color scheme with warm flesh tones in the figure to give that side more life. We positioned the headline in the head scarf and the story in the dress of the figure. An extra embellishment was picking up the continents as a pattern in the scarf and dress., I tuck my hair behind my ear and cock it to one side. I barely breathe, do not move a single muscle as I wait for the car to crunch across the driveway gravel and pull out onto the road. As the silence of an empty house descends, I breathe again. And in one fell movement, I leap off the bed and crouch on the carpet, thrust my arm beneath my bed, and grab my scale., However, there is some bad news for the Coyotes, as their arch-nemesis Concordia-St. Paul University is playing fantastic. The Coyotes and the Concordia-St. Paul Golden Bears seem to be on a crash course heading towards the National Championship. The Golden Bears, the team that knocked CSUSB from the tournament each of the past three years, has been nothing short of spectacular as they did not lose a set in any of the three tournament matches they have played so far., She would come, he knew she would., next time you are held hostage in your house, you too should make this lovely sauce. "they" say it will last indefinitely in the pantry. (who "they" are, i'm not quite sure, but i'm going to trust "them" on this one.), So the Molly Lou family, Molly Lou sister and her hubby, and Molly Lou Mom and Dad are going for a photo session this morning...think Vogue wardrobe department, hair and makeup teams, fans blowing my hair, and the perfect little children with their "acting coaches" ready to snap those perfect photos., The feeling in China that since 2008 the PRC has ascended to be a first-class global power;, The third major center for ship building was Narsapurpeta (near Masulipatnam) port – which was a major center of exports of steel, diamonds, saltpetre (potassium nitrate, for gunpowder, to kill Indians, ‘Negroes’, Aborigines and ‘Red Indians’ with) from the Deccan plateau., than whatever situation you’re going through!, To date, I’ve written 4 short stories and I have 2 more that I really want to get completed. I’ve learned a few things during this process. For example, I can’t write humor. My hat is off to those of you who can., Know what tomorrow is?, Our attacking display yesterday couldn’t be faulted. Some of the link up play between Welbeck and Rooney was first class, with Rooney’s second goal demonstrating that both players have grown a good understanding of each other and bringing back memories of Yorke & Cole against Barca in 99. Welbeck took his goal very well, a little side step/shimmy just made him enough room to get the shot off allowing him to exquisitely place it into the top corner. Nani’s goal was a well worked piece of play mixing up one and two touch passing with great movement, with Welbeck again playing a huge part in the goal – his excellent first time pass split the defence giving Nani space and time to calmly dink the ball over a sliding Howard. Yesterdays attacking display shown we are capable of finding the back of the net, and that we are dangerous going forward but unfortunately all the good attacking work was let down with poor defending., One of our missionary couples wrote about the situation in the African nation where they are working. One of the poorest on earth, its situation has been worsened by the long, bloody civil war there. The missionaries recently drove to this desperate country in a truck with a group of Christians from a neighboring country. They were delivering a load of supplies and were scheduled to attend a meeting that night across the border. About five miles from the border, their truck started slowing down. The driver floored the pedal, but the truck’s speed kept dropping. The team was dejected as they watched the car in front of them pull away into the distance., For The Veronicas look, I decided t0 feature the look that Lisa wore in a photo shoot done in a recording studio sometime in 2012. I loved the look she wore in these pictures because it is essentially the look that has been their signature since the very start of their career, only a much sleeker, more mature version of it. They both look absolutely stunning in these images and I absolutely loved the look., Diphtheria Therapeutics – Products under Development by Companies 17, The mini-vacation was soon at an end, and Mr. Glad and I had to say good-bye to our friends and drive back down to the flatlands. But not so fast -- we stopped to take another short hike to a place where we might get a good view of Horsetail Falls off Highway 50., The mother of Marie Antoinette was Maria-Theresa of Austria. In 1755, Maria-Theresa sent her private physician, Gerard van Swieten, to investigate vampirism in Moravia. He (being a vampire, in my world) reported back that vampirism is a load of b******. So MT outlawed all those vampire-killing tactics people were using. This naturally led to a surge in the number of vampires, and something had to be done. That something was the French Revolution. (And you thought it was all about oppressed peasants and a broken system? LOL! That's what they wanted you to think!), Se Na hesitates to wake Park Ha up but the evil side of her won. She threw the milk inside the covered truck and leaves Park Ha sleeping at the back of the truck as the driver starts to go. When Park Ha wakes up, she cries for Se Na’s help and instinctively Se Na takes one step forward but stops and turns her back., We spent quite a bit of time in the hummingbird aviary, it was hard to make ourselves leave., "Threatening to abolish the Springbok before generously defending it sends out a really clear message to whites: 'please don't take your tax revenue overseas'.", Closing Thoughts, So and so became rich and is an atheist. So and so Christian became rich and shouts praise to God for making them rich., It isn’t uncommon, in the wake of a disaster, for aid to take a while to reach those who need it. There is always footage of some angry resident complaining that promised aid has not arrived. However in the prevailing culture of Port-au-Prince, dissatisfaction of this kind swiftly leads to violence. This is a problem that needs fixing fast, or there will be a lot of very cross Haitians, who have over the years repeatedly demonstrated a penchant for angry mobs and violent protest., Here’s what JTV has to say about the line:, The steering committee met before the regular meeting on Saturday, and one of the items on the agenda concerned how to handle group business between committee meetings. I had been doing it with the thought that the committee could overturn anything they didn’t like, and I rather suspected they would want me to continue, which they did. Later, I thought that I would be just as happy if two or three people shared the responsibility with me, but as soon as I thought that, I realized that for me to do it alone saves a lot of time., Me: Yes, it is., SECTION 3. If a majority of votes cast on the question are in favor of the amendment set out in Section 1 of this act, the State Board of Elections shall certify the amendment to the Secretary of State. The Secretary of State shall enroll the amendment so certified among the permanent records of that office., "No comment," Gehry responded, to applause, though not as much as he received previously. (Gehry fans had to perform a quick calculation: it’s one thing to admire the architect, but another to endorse eminent domain.) OK, Hagan’s set of questions was loaded, but wouldn't it be worth learning Gehry’s record with eminent domain? (Photo of Gehry and Hagan meeting at the AIA session in November by Genevieve Christy, as appearing in the Brooklyn Papers article. Note another take on that article.), A break from my alphabet posts because of an important announcement. The Federal government is going ahead with funding for CCSVI clinical trials. Read about it here http://www.thestar.com/news/canada/politics/article/1016906--ottawa-to-fund-trials-of-controversial-ms-treatment?bn=1, The rise of the dollar, $USD, traded by UUP, beginning in September 2011, reflects competitive currency deflation in the world’s currencies, DBV, and the world emerging market currencies, CEW, and the commodity currencies, CCX. Unwinding yen carry trade investing, has deleveraged commodities, and has caused disinvestment from stocks., P.S. And don’t forget your road map!, LONDON, UK–You’ve probably read all the rumors about the next Samsung Galaxy smartphone. And guess what — most of them are pretty spot on. Samsung’s upcoming flagship handset, now with an official name, the Samsung Galaxy S III, has finally made its debut here in the chilly English capital., High above the forest floor, deep in the swampy lowland jungles of Papua, tree houses greet the eyes of explorers trekking into what remains one of the last remote corners of the globe. The tree houses tower overhead at heights of over 80 feet above the ground, appearing to teeter but held firm by Sago palm tree fibres. These constructions are the homes of the Kombai and the neighbouring Korowai, tribal people numbering in the thousands who decorate their bodies with bones and may still count cannibalism among their customs., Yes, the pub scene is changing, but as well as the multi-beer pubs, a guidebook concentrating on beer quality surely also needs to give due recognition to the more traditional two or three beer establishments that for long were the backbone of what CAMRA stood for., I hope the above scene does not continue with the question of why, because I really don't know. Maybe there is no why., The calm before the impending storm, 'Mom, quit!" Sebastian Nicholls is embarrassed by his mother's coddling, "It's just college, I'll be home at spring break,", IRIS retracts…, Having allowed for times for the longest three challenges to be set any day, and having had my test time of 2:09 for the “medium long” (Challenge 4) made to look fairly tardy, by Martin H’s blistering 1:19 I decided I had to go out and have a proper go at setting a time. So, on a cold, dull and windy Good Friday, I set off to see what I could do. I had some split times from the test run and I was obviously going to need to outstrip them by some margin if I was to significantly reduce the test time and get under 2hrs by a respectable amount. My target was to get close to 1:45 but, let’s see…, Telephone Operator, Although this begins to sound increasingly far-fetched, but there is a degree of concurrence across widely differing disciplines. My Washington contact is sort of diplomatic, but The Slog’s main New York source is in finance. That person holds the same view of American foreign policy:, Thanks for stopping by. Guess I need to create a birthday card tonight! Do I still know how to stamp? I'll find out!, Tell us about your own thrifty roots!, A while back, when Fox was still in the business of issuing DVDs, it was rumoured that Inferno was due a release in the US, possibly as part of the noir line but nothing ever came of it. However, it has been given a release in R2 in Spain by a company called Impulso. They have licensed a number of titles and market them as Fox Cinema Classics. The transfer for Inferno is a generally pleasing one. Viewed on a 37 inch screen I thought it looked fine for the most part – the image is mostly smooth and sharp but there are instances of heavy grain (especially during the titles). The colour is quite strong but it can take on a slight pinkish hue at times. The disc itself is pretty basic with the only extra of note being a gallery. All told, I was satisfied with this one and it is the only way to get your hands on this title at the time of writing. Inferno is a tight, pacy little movie that clocks in at 80 minutes and rarely stops to take a breath. I’d rate it highly as a noirish thriller in an unusual setting, boasting classy performances and excellent visuals., Mayapples are darling little umbrellas that grow in moist woods. Some of the plants have one leaf, while others have two. The white flower appears under the 2-leafed plants in April and May, but despite the plant’s name, the green “apple” may not fully develop until later in the summer., 13 Get Out Your Big Roll Dady, Griffiths failed to tell Stafford Borough Council or the Department for Work and Pensions about a change in his circumstances., These days, I don't care about landing a big book deal with a major publisher, and am fine with low print numbers. Print has become a subsidiary right., After adding to free speech by blocking me on Twitter Professor Simon Chapman’s Tweets come to me second hand. This happened after his savaging by Professor Carl V Phillips on his Ep-ology blog and a piece entitled “How can you tell Simon Chapman is mucking about over his head?”, Buckskins ($5-15) - classic frontier outfit for year-round wear, protective and fashionable yet allowing superior mobility. Usually fringed for quicker drying. Elaborate beadwork will increase the price., (Of course, this is where the far-removed and unaware would insert their bullshit arguments about how teachers "get so much time off" and "have nothing to complain about" and "are overpaid.") (Kind of makes you want to tell them to either try walking in our shoes for a day or to just go and suck eggs, right?) (Or at the very least stick out your tongue as you roll over and shut off your alarm.), Ankh-Morpork., It’s not just the physical demands of combat that are at issue here. There are two ways to look at this. War is a dirty, bloody, violent, horrible business. Bayonets disembowel people. Bullets tear bodies apart. Artillery fire burns and dismembers soldiers. There is screaming, crying, agony, burned flesh, and the stench of death. Since when did a civilized society decide that this filthy task should be assigned to the half of us who can give birth to children and nurture them to responsible adulthood – to advance their careers, of course? Since when does a nation of real men consign its most precious, esteemed citizens to rape and torture if they are captured during combat? What has happened to the men of the United States? When did women become the same as men are?, I had to leave my baby this way. I went home, Chris stayed. I was exhausted. Completely., Meant to be or not meant to be . . . that is the question., What do you guys think? Any suggestions? I am still in the brainstorming stages so I welcome suggestions!, awareness without observation, We've done the paperwork to release our hospital records/MRI's and EEG, the kids have to have some blood drawn, and now I'm getting through the phone interview portion of it. It's supposed to take aprox 2-4 hours, but I've got 3 kids . . . so it's kinda long. Yesterday morning I was on the phone for a couple hours, mostly talking about the specific symptoms of Halle's seizures. I wasn't prepared for the sudden emotion that kicked me in the gut. Maybe I should have expected it but I felt totally drained and depressed the rest of the day. However, I am not complaining. I just am SO GRATEFUL they are actively working on figuring things out., The evening was spent in a rooftop bar shivering in fleeces ( a pleasantly novel sensation) and sipping G+Ts as we watched the sun set over the mountains. A great reward for a tough morning., 102. For Lay, mother and grandmother are the most important people in his life., Okay, the slaw isn't literally made of apples, it just contains some apples. This is the way my mom always made it (she added raisins, too), and it's the way I like a basic cabbage slaw. A nice, creamy mayo-vinegar-sugar dressing, shredded cabbage and chopped apples. Yum., Author/Creator: 3015 North Studios/Jay Smith, I saw a doctor, a nurse or two, and the woman’s parent’s & grandparent’s behind the curtain; and my mom & a few other people were in the operating-like room to help when needed and they were the ones who I would ask if a certain person had permission to enter the room or not., There are small caves built into the side of the cliffs. These use to house monks that regularly lived and prayed on site. Most of the holes are still there, just inaccessible, but I found it a little amusing to see the little doors in the middle of a cliff wall (they're there to protect cave art and artifacts)., "In order to act in the quickest manner, a voluntary action was needed and that is why I called for it at this morning's Board of Public Works meeting," Franchot said in a statement. "In this case, legislative action would simply have taken too long and put too many more lives at risk."The comments to these blogs state the obvious, of course., The research was presented at the most recent International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC). The team will work next to build an entire working imaging system based on the CMOS terahertz system., 1 tbsp Blue Berries (or any berries), There are several different species of lysimachia (Lythrum salicaria), which is of the Primulae family. The various species are known by a variety of common names, such as willow herb, purple willow herb, long purples, moneywort, rainbows, soldiers, creeping Jenny, and purple and yellow loosestrife., I once had to be the sucker doing the speaking, notwithstanding my well-known antipathy to the idea. No one heard a word, and the nearest I got to audience interaction came when I broke off to invite the nearest table to shut up. We need the white space between panels, and delegates need to talk to each other before they disappear back into their caves., The incident: Amy Senser, the wife of former Minnesota Vikings Joe Senser, is charged with felony criminal vehicular homicide in the Aug. 23, 2011 death of Anousone Phanthavong, whom she struck and killed as he filled his car with gas on the Interstate 94 ramp at Riverside Avenue just east of downtown Minneapolis., On the way down to Tacna, we brought a bag of mandarinas to snack on, and about two litres of water. Both were ill advised. The bus was super air-conditioned and extremely dry, and two litres of water was not enough for both of us. We were rationing out the last bottle in tiny sips toward the end of the trip, and when we got to Tacna we were peeing orange. I knew it would not be permitted to cross the border with the mandarinas, but since the bus didn’t cross the border, I figured those would be OK. No such luck. Somewhere south of Ica, we made a stop where everyone got out, with their luggage and had their bags x-rayed and IDs checked at a little building on the higway. They confiscated our last two mandarinas. Apparently, fruit flies are a big deal, and certain provinces won’t tolerate even the possibility of having them inadvertently imported., And the book says that we should make a conscious effort to always live in our Zone of Genius and find ways to escape our Zone of Competence and even our Zone of Excellence as much as possible., I wear this tide like loose skin, rock me to sea, With apt and joyful humor., Murder on the Beach Mystery Bookstore Presents:, Three MONTHS!, They are frightened at first by this, resistant, but come to appreciate the work they create together, and eventually win the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry., I love the stories. The story of the couple and what brought them to that day; the stories of funny, touching, unexpected things that happened the day of the wedding; the stories behind moments captured by exceptional (or lucky) photographers. The stories are by far my favorite thing about weddings., It is very easy to forget these realizations/understandings/convictions/practices. But I must apply effort to do so and to come back to them again and again and again. The more familiarity I gain with them, the more they will become part of my thought processes until they become part of me. The key point is this: it becomes true (that I am in the pure land) when I remember/hold this conviction. In depenence upon this conviction, I will then receive the wisdom blessings which will enable me to understand how and why it is true. Then it will be my living experience. When it is my living experience, then I will create pure karma. This pure karma will then make it a self-reproducing reality for me., "Its a fair cop Gov'," I'll be saying "you caught me red handed- But that's probably from all those nettles I've been gathering... Yes me Lud' I'll do me time, what? you say you'll have me flailed with those nettles I gathered as well!" You can just imagine it can't you. Actually a word of warning- there are those, usually the Gamekeepers, who will take great exception to you collecting weeds from their patch. Each summer you will find me gathering up on the Sussex downs in the wilder areas of the forest clearings in the plantations. The first time the local Estate keeper caught me it went something like this-, Officially, Poem in Your Pocket Day is April 26th, but that doesn’t mean you can only carry a poem that day. You can print poems from the internet and fold them into pocket-sized pieces, or you can buy a small poetry volume., it's not about the clothes here. it's about a combination of my favourite model and russia. hey presto, I'm buying whatever they're selling., Ahh pub crawls. You know you have been on them at least once, you go out with your friends, get bombed and the last bar you get to you act like an asshole. Imagine having 3 of those in one day. Now I understand you have been out all day drinking and sometimes dressed like a moron but is it necessary to not tip at all?!, One statement she made, as a part of her definition of love, has really stuck with me...perhaps because I SO want to believe it to be true, and in the same breath, I am petrified that it IS true. The quote is:, 04. Hanky Panky 1:53, M.A.M.S.,M.I.G.O.F.(Germany),, It’d be so much easier to find someone else, When all the grad school letters started pouring in like a flood of disappointment, I really thought my life was coming to a huge halt. I felt like I was riding on a river and coming up to the end. I vividly remember saying how I felt like my life was ending. “limbo” “stagnant” “no future” all became regular parts of my vocabulary. If I could get back to that being my only problem…, The workshop was held at the Bozeman Public Library, a new building -- very green, very gorgeous, full of art and natural lighting, a snowy spring day in Montana. (Yes, I said SNOW!), China seems to know where it wants to go and is getting there., One highlight for Grameen Foundation was the announcement of our collaboration with MTN Uganda and CGAP to research and develop mobile financial products for the poor. The need is clear: 2.7 billion people – most of whom live in developing countries – still do not have a bank account. This is largely because many low-income communities are underserved by financial institutions, which typically offer products that are more suitable for higher-income clientele., So if any of that sounds interesting, come check us out at:, Okay! It’s true!, Craft is a topic that has come up in quite a few of the lectures this year. A lot of people mentioned it and everyone had their own opinion it. The topic has played heavily on my mind since the last few lectures., From the Springfield, MA Republican: today’s top stories:, The practical side of her mind told her to never leave him alone again. The surreal portion of her brain was still trying to decipher what Morris meant as he continued to recite a horrifying chant., I think it knows I'm trying to blog in less than 10 minutes (I'm a slow blogger), and it purposely did not upload my pics all at once! Hee hee!, Each person: Amen, If you have any difficulties with your link, please make sure to include the number of the link when you e-mail me. It is really difficult for me to find your link otherwise. And, if you see any broken links, please let me know that as well., A rare natural phenomenon turns one of Austria’s most beautiful hiking trails into a 10 meter-deep lake, for half the year., but I came home with some great finds., Danny Devito and Nathan Lane were among the many actors considered for the role of George Costanza., SA intelligence services concentrate on domestical political battles within the ANC…, Eating Disorders are serious, life-threatening illnesses – not choices – and it’s important to recognize the pressures, attitudes and behaviors that shape the disorder. Would you recognize if your friend or family member had an eating disorder? Parents, siblings and close friends play a significant role in guiding and supporting someone with an eating disorder. In many cases, individuals with eating disorders cannot recognize a need for help in themselves, and it takes a strong, caring individual to reach out. Most importantly, you need to know that there is hope. For those seeking recovery for a loved one, eating disorder treatment is available., Grace and justice are perfectly compatible because justice is not law or legalism, nor is it about punishment or eternal torture. Justice is setting people free from the law and from condemnation. That’s true justice., England was very accommodating for me and my new lens!, The idea is really simple. There are emotions that, at your early stages, plague your trading and cause erroneous entries and exits. Those are the same emotions that cause the crowd’s mistakes. As you learn to deal with your emotions, as you take control over them and diminish, then eliminate, their impact on your trading decisions, you don’t completely eliminate emotions themselves. You just learn to dull them and separate your trading actions from their influence. However, you still should be able to observe them as detached cold-blooded observer, This is a stage where you gain an ability to actually utilize them instead of being their slave. If you can feel how huge selloff creates this feeling of panic somewhere deep in you, this is what crowd feels. Feel the temptation to buy this parabolic upward spike, seemingly unstoppable? Chances are, at the moment when you feel the strongest urge to give up and just buy, that’s when the last buyers, desperate not to miss the train, hit their Buy at Market buttons., This week I would like to share some of the great early literacy ideas I have found recently. Ideas for letter recognition, spelling, sight words and even poetry., Also learned to drive this year, something I hesitated doing for (good god) 20 years! Ever since a bad accident scared me when I was almost 16., If I bare my heart.. that is what I want… I don’t want to be angry… I don’t want to be frustrated… I don’t want to be bitter, or weary, or overwhelmed…, Will re-open on Dec 28th (Tuesday)., Everything is just so delicious and I don't remember ever having a bad meal there. At least the food wasn't bad., You can download the bucket filler poster,, Were people from all over the world, not brutally murdered, The weather in Oklahoma is turning colder and it is almost November, which can only mean one thing - it's time to start thinking about my winter knitting. My list of to-be-knit before January patterns is growing slowly and I'm happy to report I think my obsession with knitting socks may taking a break for now......so without further adieu my knitting to do-list, Scrambled eggs, yesterday’s “rustic loaf” toasted with apricot jam, and fruit salad with a splash of amaretto to compliment the odd mix of everything fresh I had on hand: pineapple, peach, melon, apple, pear and grapes off our vine – an odd but refreshing combination, perfect for a peaceful Sunday morning. While finishing the last of the 2nd cup of coffee, I started another chapter., The menu offered an excellent selection of Cuban cuisine including; peppers with cheese, crab, seafood, swordfish, steaks, lamb and young cockerel., Do you have a wedding dress that you know will never be worn again? Is it a to beautiful to be kept in a box on the top shelf of your closet. Maybe you would enjoy it more if you could wear it in another way?, “And we will have common projects with people from other cultures. We will develop the intercultural skills of journalists, school pupils and artists and exchange people from these groups with (Muslim) colleagues. We will manage art and cultural productions. We will train the school teachers and influence their education to be multicultural., Glassware: Not recommended – drink out of the bottle or can, We went to the BarcAlien invasion HQ, the Nou Camp without our “backbone”. That little left footed World Wizard of Year scored 4 goals and ended our Champions League adventure for the season., - lettuce, Wounded people with extensive burns crowded a hospital in Kunduz, the capital of the northern province which lies on a main supply line for the more than 100,000 foreign troops based in Afghanistan, an AFP reporter said., love dem both. (but i digress)..., These little magnets are great for the fridge or filing cabinet. I made a set for my friend's daughter out of letters in the alphabet for when she started to spell, and she loves it. Here's how I did it..., trait is to be true, lame excuses, perfect example:, To make the sauce, combine all ingredients in a food processor. Blend until smooth, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a bowl or container and refrigerate until ready to use., ...That's the question I hear at least 2 times a week. Usually when I'm out and about, trying to shop..., find it, The president’s condition of an express promise from the opposition to stop attacks could complicate Mr Annan’s attempts to bring an end to more than a year of violence that the UN says has killed more than 9,000 people., so it is cool and rainy today and i was wondering what i should, Maybe one needs to look at is as if the film version was the version that was meant to exist, and Robert Bloch's novel was just the first step in its natural evolution. Without Bloch, there would be no Psycho, there would be no Norma/Norman/Normal Bates. And as far as being overshadowed by Hitchcock, you could do a lot worse. He was the Master of Suspense., TM 13 - Ice Beam, Until this week I had never used its photo editor and I must admit that I was impressed because I was able to use all the features I would of used in Picnik to edit my image. Photobucket isn’t as user friendly or as pretty as Picnik but it has all the basic features. It is less intuitive and you do have to seek out the features you are looking for. But after a while I got use to where everything was., I broke my blue plate, so there will be no more blue plate special (aka: every single meal on that blue plate) but now we’re working with boring white plate. Sorry. 2 months guys, two months. Then I get my gnome plate back!, The OSIM simulates the Webb telescope for the purposes of testing the science instruments that will fly on the observatory. The OSIM itself will never fly into space, but it is a vital part of the testing program to verify that the science cameras and spectrographs will function as planned., Stamp-front is My Pink Stamper Buggy Punnies, inside is Stampin Up, Theme: Kubrick. Blog at WordPress.com., Spray the inside of a large straight-sided coffee cup with Pam & pour in batter., Does that mean that whoever drinks a glass of wine is going to hell? Of course not, but if you are an alcoholic and you are tempting yourself with wine that leads to other things then you may be sinning., Read a lot – don’t be afraid of genres that you’re not necessarily into and be sure to get your nose into some of the classics and some nonfiction. The point of reading as a writer is to expand your universe, not to check up on what everyone else is doing and copy it. Write a lot, even if it isn’t publishable. You have to start getting in a groove and making mistakes so that you can see what works and where your comfort zone is. Live your life and say yes to opportunities – even a trip to the grocery store could give you an idea for how a character might behave. I feel like I know so much more about emotions than I did when I was in my teens and twenties since I’ve gone through that much more life – and I hope I’ll keep feeling the same way with the more time I get under my belt., There are still some patches on its way and I can't wait to see more pictures - of more patches and also of the progress concerning the assembling of the wallhanging. :), every project along the way!! Be sure to leave, Of course if you are embracing integration into German life with gusto, you can buy a 'traditional' kit and with a "Viel Spass!" to your toddling 2 year old flame-swinger, cast aside all your UK/USA Health & Safety ingrained paranoia. The irony of course is that your decidedly-non-German child will expose you as the hapless foreigner as they wander around setting light to all the other kids lanterns as they bash them together. So I would probably recommend spending an extra Euro or two and getting one with a bulb., Temperature: 95 degrees, Life goes on. Learning how to continue living after such a tremendous loss is a process, but life does go on. I know Dad would want it that way., Peter Davies, elected as Mayor of Doncaster in June 2009., At school, at work, everywhere, I find myself being tested daily. I see couples, engaged, married, or just together and it makes me mad, in a sense., Finding work is tough these days…especially for us artsy types! So, as a full time visual artist I’ve learned that you have to be creative not only in your work but in LOOKING for work! You need to expand your ideas of how your services can be utilized in ways you might not have thought of before. That’s why years ago I started designing my own lines of greeting cards and t-shirts as well as designing them for companies and individuals. This lead me to finding other alternative ways my art skills could be useful to new clients. I also design logos and marketing materials which lead to working with some musicians., The X-Ray Man can see through walls with true aplomb and ease,, And after scouring the auctions I found some., And property is not limited to land. So what is property? Your car, your furniture? Your bank account? Your wife?, On the April 16 episode of “The Daily Show,” they showed a picture of a naked woman with her legs spread and a nativity scene ornament placed in between. Stewart said, “Maybe women could protect their reproductive organs from unwanted medical intrusions with vagina mangers.” The segment was done to mock Fox News for allegedly not covering stories on the so-called war on women., I gotta give Lumiere Cosmetics a plus for this great idea. This is a great option if you do not like your cosmetics in a mineral form, as mineral cosmetics can get pretty messy at times! Do not get me wrong, I love my mineral products but I do agree that sometimes it can get a bit annoying when you accidentally spill the products, and not to mention the massive fall out using mineral eye shadows. So, I got to say that I am loving this wonderful idea!, Meanwhile, Leicester has the fourth-highest rate of unemployment in Britain. The city also has very high rates of illiteracy, and ranks as one of the worst five municipalities in England for education., PS 45:2;, We sometimes realize that we are not living our best life and when we are in deep thought, someone comes and asks us or a cup of coffee and we forget everything that we were thinking and get busy in everyday chatter. I mean how can we allow someone to control our thoughts? So the best practice, as so many of the motivational speakers and leaders suggest, is to keep writing your thoughts, feelings and goals and keep reminding yourself after every 30 minutes because we tend to forget so easily! Write your goals on a flash card and keep it in your pocket and keep reminding yourself about them every 30-45 mins. Put an alarm on your mobile which rings every 30 mins and reminds you of your goals., There are hazards, however, which can include eye injury (from intense light and flying hot slag), radiation and toxic welding fumes consisting of oxides, silicates and fluorides, notes information from the Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety., The Feast of Unleavened Bread occurs concurrently with Passover after the night to be much observed (Passover eve), and lasts for seven days. The Feast of Unleavened Bread is meant as a reminder to us of the Israelites’ redemption from bondage in Mitzaryim (Egypt) and also of our own redemption from sin through Yahushua HaMashiach (Jesus Christ). These Feast like I said were institued by Yahweh. They were not started by the Jewish people., When I got up last night to get ready to go to work, there was a dozen red roses in a vase on the Kitchen counter and a card from Joe....., I would have forgotten this amazing story but for a couple we met the other day. They own a store in High Street, Glen Iris. My partner and I were window-shopping for an investment property in the area when I noticed they'd arranged their window display around one of my French books. So I thought I'd pop in to thank them and say hello. We chatted for almost half an hour. They revealed they were only doing "the retail thing" for another year, and then they were off to France to buy a little chateau. "You can pick them up for a pittance!" said the gentleman. The sentence was starting to have a familiar ring., “Dumb sket; of course you didn’t! Listen, Tee-Tee ; you fucked my man, and that aint on. Nobody, and I mean NOBODY, fucks Dominique Prince about and gets away with it, naaah.”, I'm pretty sure Judge Judy would have tore a strip off these kids and their lawyer dad (Oh, that's right.. Mom has to pay her own legal fees to fight this, but the kiddies get Daddy all pro bono and such) and made them wear it as a scarf., I can see the light in your eyes, I’m elated when folks tell me they’ve enjoyed visiting tugster over the years. Well, I’m as thrilled when you send in fotos other places beyond the sixth boro, all accessible ultimately from the the sixth boro. In fact, the whole world awaits once you’ve gone out the Narrows or through Hall Gate., Winter Woodland also had these huge decorative pieces. This flourish was stretched to fit across my entire cutting mat and cut in full pieces, but then trimmed to fit my page. The flourish and then the shadow's I thought fit a little strange together but its still something..., I am so excited for her 2nd Birthday, wait till you see what I have planned. A French Poodle Party, and if I can pull it off, I will feel a huge relief when it's all over. I'm also excited for my niece Bella's 1st Birthday party this weekend! I miss my brother, sister-in-law ans nieces terribly since we live about two hours away. And I know Nik wil have a blast at the party. She had so much fun with her triplet cousins at Daddy's party tonight., - Back through North Turramurra - Kissing Point Road, So, back to my post title......, I fancied donning a sultry red, and decided upon Malaga Wine. I purchased this in December., From the outset these bulk zoning controls had their advocates and fierce critics, and fantasies and analogies to past middle-eastern civilizations was a common theme. There was a fascination with Babylon and the tower of Babel, and setback skyscrapers were often to as modern ziggurats in the “New Babylon of New York.”[2] The writings of Harvey Wiley Corbett, accompanied the illustrations of Hugh Ferris, were influential., Did I tell y'all that I joined a gym? I know, right? I'm like the most NON gym person you'll ever meet, but a) they were having a special offer for people at my work where they would waive the $150 joining fee and b) the damn gym is literally across the street from my office, so it's not like I could make up too many excuses not to go there, and c) I'm a tub of goo with high blood pressure who needs to get off my arse and do something active a few times a week. So far, I've been going on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons pretty consistently. I'm also trying to fit in one work out each weekend as well. Right now, I'm mainly doing cardio with a wee bit of free weights. After I do this for a couple of months, I'll be ready to move on to some real strength training. I was worried about how I was going to be able to pay for this each month, but then I sat down and did the math and reallized that if I brought my lunch to work at least twice a week, I could offset the cost of monthly dues. Plus save some calories as an added benefit. I'm not ever going to be a supermodel, but I'm hoping this gym membership--and the actual outlay of cash each month--will inspire me to increase my overal physical health. Because, you know, I'm FORTY FREAKIN' YEARS OLD!!, Method 2: Some prefer to cook the tomatoes then stir in the beaten egg at the last minute just to set it. I find this method can be a hit and miss sometime the egg can become too soft like a thick sauce than separated pieces of scrambled egg. Also with this method the egg is likely to stick to the pan/wok if it is not super non stick, and scraping it off will end up with tiny bits of overcooked egg. ., I'm already starting to identify some staples that keep popping up in my outfits, like my skinny black belt. I wear it a lot and it helps my outfits feel put together. I'm a big fan of belts in general. They're something small that can create an entirely new silhouette for an outfit. Check out the different uses of my skinny black belt below., Marty: "I'm back! And my dad's tough and successful, my mom's hot and thin, my sister's popular with boys, and my brother's got a good job that requires a three piece suit!", And of yourself become a forgetter., This act struck a chord with the people of Sidi Bouzid. In most Arab countries, corruption, injustice and oppression had been the norm for decades. Residents of Sidi Bouzid began protesting on the streets, raising their voices for dignity and justice. Despite a crackdown by the Tunisian government on the demonstrations, other Tunisians in other cities heard the call. The movement spread like wildfire via Facebook and Twitter. By the time Bouazizi died on Jan. 4, 2011, the demonstrations had nearly reached Tunis., I have been drawing since a child and studied graphics at College many years ago, I now work as a Medical photographer part time but my love was always drawing. I started cardmaking about 4yrs ago when I bought my daughter a cardmaking kit which we did together, but I’m afraid I got the bug! My daughter preferred scrapbooking. I then started looking online at other blogs and this then became my passion and I loved sharing my cards with likeminded people., With all passengers (and buses) accounted for we set off in convoy for Beechworth some 300 kms away. Trivia questions and a beer version of ‘Spotto’ were on hand to keep ‘the kids’ amused on the 3 & a 1/2 hour journey but it wasn’t long before it became clear that Fun & Frivolity would be the order of the day. An exchange of paperwork at the first set of traffic lights kinda set the standard., Thus grew the tale of Wonderland:, Pour mixture over chops., We’re still trucking right along with schooling, and we’re slowly approaching the light at the end of the tunnel (the end of 3rd grade really). Here’s how our last week went:, So, it was really nice to have some good rides after my previous rant post. Yay progress!, I love that you love playschool,, YELLOW PEANUT M&MS, I needed some green – the strawberry leaves were pretty average and brown-green. No thanks. And then mummy dear swoops in for the win. “Why not colour some icing green and do a design on top of the white?”, Mr. Gingrich might have sounded sensible had he urged a more serious constitutional conversation. For example, he could have called for serious congressional inquiries into constitutional doctrines applied by the courts. He could have promoted hearings by the House and Senate Judiciary Committees featuring panels of legal experts that educated Congress and the public on the origins, justifications and consequences of various holdings. That would be a public service, and smack less of branch bullying., Interspersed with the considerable drama are moments of hilarity and believable teenage interaction. Shigure is frequently hilarious and sarcastic (especially when tormenting his editor), but Yuki, despite a deep sweetness for Tohru, can be equally cutting. Hatsuharu's method for proving his white-on-black hair color is natural to the Student Council President is probably my favorite moment ever. Much of the "violence" is funnier than it is, well, violent. Some of it definitely is not., DAY TRIP, Mother Teresa didn't march against abortion. She didn't pray outside abortion clinics. She didn't even raise a large family. These things are good and necessary in our fight against abortion, but they aren't the only things we can do to be pro-life. We can live our lives showing love and concern for all. We can witness the love of Christ to others by seeing Jesus in each person., What was the best part for you making or editing the movie?, To change the subject, here’s my rare find of the day., It sounds too good to be true? Well, the downside is the taste. It is downright sickly sweet. It reminds me of saccharin. It is very tricky to find not only the right product, but the right ratio of stevia to replace sugar in your favorite recipes., Paper towels, 1 Obuoliu Sulèiu (Apple Juice), That's it for now. This lady has some cleaning and organizing yet to do in the stamp room! Thanks for stopping by!, Nothing is easy about caring for two little ones. It's frightening knowing that you are in complete control of their lives. You and you alone., I have had the pleasure of getting to know an amazing lady who owns...well nothing less than a amazing shop called Junghwa ., NASA: The last shuttle lifted off yesterday and two things crossed my mind. One: dang I’m getting old. I remember in school when they use to wheel in the Volkswagen size televisions for us to watch the lift off. Two: I guess the term, “It isn’t rocket science,” is now passé, they're unemployed like the rest of us., After we got in with our many bags (I travel with lots of little bags, plus food), my dad and I walked over to the Expo and bib pick-up. It was mobbed but well organized. I got my stuff quickly, then we split up for an hour of browsing. I ended up with a new NuuMuu (running dress) to wear in the race, and some Tevas for fun (discount if you buy two or more pairs!). I did get a little shopping fever. Luckily I didn't find anything else I had to have., Sobbing. Hysterically upset. Hyperventilating., yellow + blue & red., let us dance in the wide open space of sky, He is definitely not as green as he is cabbage looking...., So . . . I guess that means that I’m either pondering the idea of selling everything and living the simple life in a small wood retirement village off the beaten path—or, perhaps I’m sensing the energetic rush of spiraling up and up as I see myself fly into the higher reaches of nature—out into a profound oneness with all of creation. Wow! That’s a lot to think about. On the other hand, maybe our little discovery today is urging me to simply continue walking back home, to sit in that patch of sun in the back yard by the tree, sipping some hot tea while I watch the birds flit about., Lt. Gen. Mike Gould, I pledge to use “cunt” in a positive way at least once a day, every day. Its new definition: (n) a fantastic, fabulous, powerful, sensational, pungent, astounding, sultry, dynamic, brilliant, ravishing, resplendent, and stunning woman., The girls and I had fun making and playing with homemade Moon Sand last week. We made moon sand with O(5) when she was younger (probably 2), and it was really messy. This time we used a different recipe, and I liked it better. Here is the link to the blog where this idea originated. To make moon sand you need 4 cups of sand, 2 cups of corn meal (the recipe says corn flour, but we used corn meal...evidently I was supposed to use corn starch. However, it worked out fine with the corn meal, and I like it better since we used cornstarch last time, and it was terribly messy. I'm not sure how long it will last...I'll let you know), and 1 cup of water. We ended up tripling the recipe and adding a little bit of extra water., The effects of District 9 were grittier and more realistic, and they demonstrated the quality that could be accomplished without a Cameron-sized budget. It’s not like the aliens only appeared in shadows, and it’s not like the aliens and humans never interact. You also can’t tell me that the cost was because the horizon needed to be generated, because District 9 has a dirty, great, big spaceship in the horizon for most shots!, The routine is non-martial; the focus for the mindful movements include postures such as `Casting the Net’, Spearing the Fish’, `Punting’ and `Steering the Boat.’ It is not only graceful and meditative but has many health benefits., It's that mob feeling that makes bullying unbearable-- when you feel like a whole crowd of your peers think you're a joke., (The ugly patch will be taped to my face to be removed only to add eye drops.), It is alcohol based and you need to use it in a well ventilated area as the smell could become overwhelming., *Daddy says to Tre, "Tre we will get some man time :)", The girl does NOT take a bad photo. Ever., Lost My Power, For example: 3 John 1:2 has been wrongfully used to teach people that God wants them to be both healthy and wealthy. KJV: ‘Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth’., My neighbor, Jeremy, took Jordan and I home from our first swim practice. I was silent in the backseat as the two of them talked up front. Jeremy pulled up in front of my house when Jordan finally asked me how old I was., OPTIONAL: Stir 1 cup of any chocolate chips, peanut butter chips..etc.. or 1 cups chopped nuts., 6. Kamla's Theme (Happy) (Santoor by Ulhas Bapat), Lots of Glitter, Calories from carbs – Recommended: 65-75%, It was fun to find this LO. It definitely needs some help! It only has like 10 layers total! Maybe I will redo it sometime. Anyway, I remember deciding I was going to try out this digi scrapping stuff after seeing some digi layouts on a friends blog. I opened up Photoshop and couldn't figure out how to do anything! I couldn't even move the photo around. I think I actually cried for a bit before enlisting my sister's help. After that frustration, I knew I needed some more help. So I decided to take some lessons. I took 3 or so classes from Jessica Sprague and learned TONS! She really helped me learn the program and some of the basics of digi scrapping. I am thankful I spent the money on the classes as it is a hobby that I still love to this day., <U+25E6>Give the award to 15 or more bloggers, Pick out some curtain designs (and maybe start sewing if the fabric arrives)., My experiences as a young wife and mother prompted me to keep a diary. My diary unfolded into a blog where it was met with such positive feedback that I decided to turn my experiences as a young wife and mother into a book titled Diaries of a teenage Bride., I do not see them., I think that is what I must do, otherwise I'll be forever lost in the past., Then I started working in offices rather than restaurants, and was fortunate enough to rent an exurban house whose interior walls I was allowed to paint. I had a small yard, too. I enjoyed painting my walls jewel tones, slipcovering the furniture I bought at Goodwill to match, and planting strawberries. I was horrified to find myself spending weekends humming as I pulled weeds, but oh, those strawberries tasted so delicious. When I spooned some over sweet biscuits that I'd made myself, just as my step-grandmother used to do for me, I felt like an adult for the first time in my life. My friends began to hang out at my house and describe it as "comforting.", 14:21 left in the 2nd Quarter. And the Bruins are on the board. After getting an old fashioned mashin in the first quarter, UCLA brings the pain offensively and blasts out with some huge passes to get the touchdown. UCLA 7, UH 10., Sometime in the 1500s the roof was raised and a second floor put in, together with a large brick chimney and much larger windows (the two vertical panels to the left would have been a window)., External evidence against the authenticity of the Comma is built upon three arguments. First, there are only nine Greek manuscripts in support of its existence; and of the nine, four are marginal additions.[3] 221 is a tenth century MS and the marginal addition appeared sometime after its production.[4] 629, which was produced in the 14th century, is the earliest witness of the comma as an original piece of a MS, but the last part of v. 7 is missing from the text (i.e. <U+03BA><U+03B1><U+1F76> <U+03BF><U+1F57><U+03C4><U+03BF><U+03B9> <U+03BF><U+1F31> <U+03C4><U+03C1><U+03B5><U+1FD6><U+03C2> <U+1F15><U+03BD> <U+03B5><U+1F30><U+03C3><U+03B9>). The remaining Greek evidence originated in the 16th century and beyond.[5] The earliest Greek text in support of the KJV rendering is the third edition of Erasmus’ Greek New Testament (AD 1522).[6] In sum, there is no Greek evidence earlier than AD 1400.[7], This would have been executed the same way as the fearful eye, where in which I would include the reflection of the subject’s coveted interest. Though as I continued to labor over this piece, I found that I was content to the point where I wanted few distractions in it, as is I find the sheen or gleem which splashes across the pupil to suffice and fulfil such desire., Ok, so I get it, the reasoning. It actually makes sense. Whenever someone has been victimized they need to find someone or something to blame, to hate in order to find a way to cope. I have to do some more research into the whole “forgotten 3 year war” before I make too many claims on the specific subject, but from what I can tell, the US pretty much went in there and slaughtered the nation in fairly horrific ways. It is not unrealistic that in trying to pick up the (literal) pieces of their country and their lives they needed to blame, point fingers, and even hate until the healing is done., Burpo goes on to tell about their need for money to take care of the doctor bills that are piling up. Then, lo and behold, a miracle occurs and the exact amounts are being paid in full. Okay, I know this could be a work of God, or it could be a great story. It’s one of those “believe it if I saw it” type deals., 2 zucchini, peeled/chopped, To grow these great plants in this fashion, you need to first dig up a garden like usual. Alternatively, you could sheet mulch in the late summer or fall, and do minimal digging. Form circular mounds a few inches high and 12-18 inches across, and make sure to give at least a foot and a half space between them. Around this time of year, start planting three or four corn seeds (use heirloom!) near the center. Some people say to make a circle with them. A couple weeks later, plant the beans, about 6 per mound. If it's a larger sized mound, plant them between the center and the edge; plant at the lip of the mound if it's smaller. Either at that time or a week or two later, plant the squash as well, planting between 6 and 12 seeds. If you planted the beans halfway between the center and rim, the squash can go on the rim. Otherwise, plant the seeds around the base of the mound. Some people also plant the squash in their own mounds between the corn/bean mounds., I hope you enjoyed my pictures! Have a wonderful rest of the weekend. I think I'm going to take some NyQuil and go lay down. I can't be sick...I have to much to do!, Tomas Osmena’s message is clear, Sinulog should not be mixed with politics!, So maybe it's time to take stock and ask myself what I've learned, where I've failed and what I've managed to achieve, as well as trying to decide my aims for the next five 5 years or so., Gail Patrick Stage Door, He does not plan to make an effort to repeal the ban, but Nash said he would support a revision that would exempt drivers on official company business., Saturday: sick, I love Quamichan Lake because you never know what you will see from one moment to the next., “When you live with hope in your heart, in your mind, and in your spirit, you have discovered one of life’s most powerful secrets of success. ~Norman Vincent Peale, Kowalski has no regards for other people’s feelings and is quick to insult them, but he recognizes that his young neighbor has a good heart and appreciates/respects his virtues. He’s willing to commit the ultimate sacrifice in order to give this kid a chance in the world. Despite his many flaws, Kowalski has a clear sense of right and wrong., Where to even begin? An album so overstuffed with ideas it constantly seems on the verge of descending into self-parody (as the band would later do with The Hazards of Love), yet The Decemberists maintain a sense of humor about the whole affair that keeps even the darker songs like "On the Bus Mall" from being too serious. Colin Meloy's nasal voice also aids in keeping a sense of lightness that strongly benefits tracks such as "The Sporting Life," about a guy who just isn't that good at sports and prevents the playful musical tone of "16 Military Wives" from contrasting too sharply with its dour subject matter. The highlight of the record is the nearly nine-minute "Mariner's Revenge Song," where all of their gifts at wordplay and habit of writing songs about the ocean and the people who go out on it culminate in the greatest song they've ever written, recorded live around a single microphone, the band members stepping closer when their part came up., No gift is complete without a tag:, Amazon and the supermarkets have consistently been putting the squeeze on publishers in this way, making it harder and harder for independent publishers to operate, not to mention small bookshops (who don't have the same muscle and can't compete). The ultimate losers are the authors, who get a smaller and smaller slice of the pie. I got 70p per book with a cover price of L10.00. When books are sold at a discount, the author gets significantly less than that (percentages vary according to contract, but they're typically less than 10% of cover price)., In the fall, my oldest will became an East Carolina University Pirate...that makes this Mama VERY proud and so excited for him and the opportunities this will bring him. And the bonus? Last Friday, I fell in love with the mail all over again...until that first tuition bill comes...Yikes!, 11:00am-11:20am- BOOKED by Erinn, “Facts,” John Adams once said, “are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.” The facts in this case stubbornly prevent an interpretation that Brodhead acted to defend either due process or the presumption of innocence. The record of his actions, and that of how his actions were interpreted by key players at the time, suggests a radically different thesis., And ... to cut a long story square, as my dad would say ... Sean has now been signed up, just a day after the Festival, by David Headley!, But that doesn’t mean things are hopeless. Although direct and questioning, ‘No Local’ takes a positive view about the possibilities for social change. If we confront the market and its political rulers, we can build social movements that begin to create an egalitarian society – a legacy the Arab Spring and Occupy movements have begun to reclaim., I would like to enter the following challenges:, When psychobilly was at its height in the eighties with the likes of Meteors, Guana Batz, and King Kurt leaving wreckage wherever they stomped with their infectious sounds, Demented Are Go was the one band that stood out and fired up these senses more than most. From the moment their debut album In Sickness And In Health put its nasty twisted fingers around the heart with slices of evil in the shape of tracks like Pervy In The Park and Rubber Love, devotion was inevitable so that even the mention of their name was inspiration for a deep malignant glow within., I tried to make myself sound convincing but I knew I wasn’t fooling her, heck I wasn’t fooling me anymore. Jamie had been there for me the first time Jack had hit me, I was so confused, frightened and hurt. She had comforted me, told me to get help before it was too late for me, for him. She had been understanding and did not judge us, well she did not judge me, she hasn’t had a real conversation with him since the first time he hit me; partly because I told her not to say anything to him. He couldn’t know that she knew and I knew if she spoke with him she’d say something. It was her character; she couldn’t be in the same room with him without cussing him out., We took off from Lux at 0558Z, which I think is either 7am or 8am. local. Three hours, nineteen minutes later we landed at Keflavik, Iceland 20 minutes after we took off, local time. Quick hour on the ground and 3:16 to Goose Bay, Canada. At which point we find out that whoever was supposed to arrange Customs at Green Bay and forgot to make the phone call and we weren't gonna be able to fly into the US. We make some frantic phone calls and on a SUNDAY, customs get someone to Bangor, ME for us with literally zero notice., If you are looking to require a luxury charter yacht job, it will help when you would consider first the way to effectively land such a position. It might also help when you would condition yourself into adjusting to the daily needs as well as of living on the water., Can anybody see me in front of The Bulldog – Leidseplein belting out Little Wing?, on the run, When it’s hot, I want to wear as little as possible without looking trashy. The key, for me, are sundresses made of breathable fabric that pack a punch of color., Yes, beloved souls, love is just that simple — allowing it to be! As often as the word love is spoken, written or read, it is possible — probable! — that the power of love and the many forms in which love is expressed rarely are recognized. Love and light are the two faces, if you will, of the energy essence of Creator, that most powerful force in the cosmos. Especially now, with so little time before Earth reaches fourth density, it is vital to understand that love is the key to every soul’s ascension. That is why I asked my mother to insert here the part of a book where she and I talked about love and light., There is so much inspiration out there in the www and I take delight in many little things from here, there and everywhere., “to have a voice and to use it”, –SW, The IPKat is fascinated. Here we have two protected species -- children and copyright owners -- and a point at which it is possible to protect the one by protecting the other. In a few short years, however, the children will have become rebellious techno-savvy teenagers and copyright-protected works will be their favourite diet. Merpel says, I'm fascinated too, about the way that advice about the law, which varies from country to country, is generalised into the advice contained in this publication. Incidentally, none of the Kats noticed a disclaimer ..., grip. Just enough, After over a month of meeting with school board candidates, going to forums, trying to understand school finance, conducting a lot of interviews and making more phone calls than I can remember, school board election season ended on Tuesday., A little later two other friends came to visit, we were on our way to NICU to see the baby. The elevator doors opened and who steps out - my husband! My friends graciously bowed out, allowing my husband to go in and meet Tomas in a private moment. We went in and looked him over. Tomas was not a magazine cover newborn, and it had nothing to do with DS. Oh, he was cute all right, but just had a few quirky things going on. For starters, he had no eyebrows - not a hair in sight. Then his cranial plates were overlapping. When I first saw this I thought it was a DS thing, but the nurses assured me it was a baby thing, and that they would move and shift and eventually fall into place. At the time my husband came in they were overlapping right over the center part of his head and he looked like a little Klingon baby, only with no eyebrows! I could tell he was nervous that this was all permanent stuff so I did my best to reassure him. He didn't want to hold him as there were too many wires and he was too afraid. We just sat there for a long time and watched, and eventually headed up to my room., Sullivan (Damon) plays a parallel character, as a cop in the pay of crime. He never questions his motivations or his duties, serving Costello loyally until, like Cartigan, he begins to suspect that he is in danger., - Chocolate canvas lining, No such luck. Despite getting to the airport over three hours prior to our departure as instructed, the bassinets were already all taken. At this point we proceeded to tell the ticket agent to reconsider and change his answer. Ha ha. Which meant we boarded that sixteen hour flight with two sick infants with nothing to do but hold them the whole time. And they screamed. And they thrashed. And they were miserable. And I cried within ten minutes of taking my seat. I think I have some post traumatic stress related to the flight., The rules say to watch for the emotionally unavailable person. This, I’ve found, is easier said than done. I believe there are several reasons why determining who is or when a person is emotionally unavailable can be so difficult. Face it. No one goes around with a sandwich board on that reads, “Date me. I’m Emotionally Unavailable.” The truth is, we downplay our weaknesses and emphasis our strengths when we meet new people. Yes, you heard me. We lie., Like it?, I have great beer in the fridge. Tonight felt like a Bob's 47 night, with a crisp bite in the wind outside, me warm inside, watching my Jayhawks dance all over Texas A&M. Boulevard's Bob's 47 is a Munich Style Lager. Very oktoberfest. I poured a bottle of the brew into a glass beer mug, and snapped this picture with my phone. The head pours bubbly, but thin, and quickly dissipates, leaving very light lacing. The color is an orangey-amber, like copper, and very clear, in a filtered sort of way. Sticking my nose into the mug, it smells sweet, a little fruity and slightly spicy. The first sip has a sweet, malty, bready flavor, followed by minor bite, perhaps hops. (The Boulevard site says the beer is brewed with a combination of Pale, Munich, Carapils & Aromatic malts, and Magnum & Hallertau hops.) It is carbonated well to provide some lightness, and the mouthfeel is on the thinner side. This beer presents like it will be too sweet, but the taste left afterwards is a bit dry, only slightly bitter, and drives me to take another sip, and another. Like most of Boulevard's seasonal brews, I wish this one was available for longer periods. Our keg at work is sporting Bob's right now. I have been working overtime lately. :), So while the love triangle didn't amaze me, the story itself in this one was still incredibly fun--even if a lot of it takes place in our world instead of Nevernever. Also, IRONHORSE YOU DA MAN! Or wait, isn't it supposed to be YOU DA HORSE! Except that sounds crazy-weird. But you get my point. =D, All you knew was to be happy, Yesssssssssss !! Red Box Wednesday here we go!!!, Note: This blog has watched all GOP candidates closely, and has actively supported the Gingrich candidacy – based on policy and the fact that one would pay to see that man debate Obama, given he had sufficient sleep. However, he was so badly damaged by Mitt Romney’s negatives and his lackluster debate performance before the Florida Primaries, with subsequent primary loses, and made his candidacy no longer viable in this opinion. However, the stronger performances of Rick Santorum and specifically his economic and foreign policy stands, made him the most viable of all candidates, when combining the ability to win a general election, the legislation hat he produced that was consistent in regards to his State (therefore he represented the people who hired him), and finally, the superficial, he is the youngest, photogenic candidate (for those who vote solely on the American Idol ticket. The defining moment was his shot at both Romney and Gingrich during the Florida debate. As a fan of the former Speaker (especially for the work he did during the Clinton Presidency), one can only hope these rumors are unfounded, and that the Speaker understands it’s time to take one for the nation, not the “Team”., For peace and for love: my faith stands., Why not attempt some significant role reversal and check out your website from the viewpoint of the visitors? Are you currently giving them what they want and need? In the event you came for your web-site for the initial time what could be your perception?, So what do you say? You hate us when we reject you, but sometimes you secretly love us, right? Some of us are super nice and totally respectful. Pinkie swear., When shopping, make sure the sweetbreads are still virginal white, fleshy, plump and firm to the touch. As they are perishable, prep them that day and cook no later than the next. The elusive morel? Well, if you cannot precisely hunt and identify these mysterious foresty morsels–who inhabit logged and decaying elms, poplar, white ash, cherry and maple trees and tend to grow in heavy leaf cover, dried creek bottoms and heavy foliage, even clinging to river banks and mossy areas with rich black, humic soil–then know someone willing to discreetly reveal their caches or attend the farmer’s market with wallet gaping., Gadkalika temple is the temple which Kalidasa, used to pray when in Ujjain and we believe that this is where Devi wrote on Kalidasa’s tongue “asti kaschit vag vis’eshah” and turned him from a total ignoramus to to the world greatest sanskrit dramatist a gem of Vikramaditya’s court and a standard for similies. Some archaeological studies have been conducted here., For breakfast, I used my free birthday drink card a few days early. Since I had to sit through meetings from 8 am to 3 pm, I figured a venti would be a good route to go. I also picked up a perfect oatmeal and added the mixed fruit, a scoop of Sunwarrior, and loads of cinnamon., The Bible everywhere speaks its praises of humility., One of the most important discoveries in particle physics of the last 25 years has possibly just been made by experimentalists at CERN, the giant laboratory just outside of Geneva on the border of Switzerland and France., I apologize again for neglecting blogland. I promise to catch up as soon as I can!, Julien slipped out of the shadows and up to the bridge, his heart beating help me Jesus help me, his mind searching for words. Come home. And if he said no? Drag him? Help me Jesus. He was across the bridge, ten paces behind Benjamin; he broke into a silent run on the grassy verge of the road. He caught up to him. Laid a hand on his arm., Play That Funky Music was covered by the rock group ROXANNE in 1988 and was sampled by Vanilla Ice in 1990 (for which Parissi was not credited; he later won $500,000 in a copyright infringement lawsuit), and it continues to be a hit in dance clubs to this day. Play that Funky Music is regularly included on funk and disco compilations, and has been included in numerous movies, television shows and was the theme song for Craig Kilborn's late-night TV show. Taylor Hicks sang Play That Funky Music on American Idol a week before he won. On March 31, 2009, Adam Lambert sang this song on the American Idol television show., Then, given the very obvious gullibility of our loathsome media - these so clever, so sophisticated people - what can you trust from them? What can you trust from people who are telling us things as fact which, less than 24 hours later, are admitted to be false? And we are not referring to events in some far-flung corner of the earth, but in Washington. And how much more BS are clever, sophisticated people going to take before they wake up and realise that they are being fed BS ... and then start growing up?, Didn’t I mention earlier that it was more than just a perfect day. Things were just falling in place for us. I never imagined that we will be able to visit all the places marked in my list but we did. Meeting up with a lady at the last minute, not missing even one single route on the way, driving hillside, visiting a craft store to see an egg hatching and what not., I will have to get some other succulents for the pair of Crocs and figure out where to place them. One step at a time!, “It’s become more than a movie, it’s become a lesson in life as well.” The new Aung San Suu Kyi film premiered this week. http://nyti.ms/uZBBou, After we spent some time outside, it became clear that the kids (and adults) were getting warm. We moved everyone inside for our version of Pin the Tail on the Donkey...only this time it was Pin the Birthday Number on the Minifig. I found a basic black and white outline of a classic minifigure online and had my local print shop enlarge it for me. Using the same Avery round label stickers we used for the water bottles, we made #5 stickers for each child. We wrote their name on the front of the sticker and had them try to get as close the number 5 on the minifig's chest as possible. We had a couple of peekers...but it was all great fun., I am way beyond just being annoyed with the current trend in retailing to extract as much personal data as possible from every victim crossing their thresholds., mid-2009., I’ve been walking a lot more than before, climbing more onto places, and except for coming home from the vet and hiding in my crate for a few hours (ssstttrrrreeessssss….), haven’t been hiding or anything. I’ve even been swatting my sisters. My walk is changing, and I’m feeling a bit better. If I could just get to the top of that damned cat perch, we’d be golden! I’m pretty sure I could do it now, I just think that the climb down might be a bit challenging., So I've gone to the opposite extreme. I am sure the people passing my car expect to see an ancient driver who is a veteran of the Civil War, but much to their surprise, they are met with an aging red haired tattooed goth girl singing Duran Duran to her two kids in the back seat., *illustrate* that in any way they wanted to. Jake excitedly told me about how, Here is a link you can use to learn more information about the Great Kiskadee. It is a member of the Flycatcher family. Yesterday I observed one of them sitting on the fence about 25 feet from our rig (in the rain). Probably looking for food stirred up by the wet ground., The finished product after it dried. Way cuter than what I started with. I'm still thinking it needs some more work though. I think I will probably add some cute ribbon around the key hooks., Me and my buddy Ally finally had a chance to see the Transmission LA exhibit at MOCA (an art museum in Los Angeles). The exhibit makes you have entered the 8bit twilight zone! See what I mean in the gallery after the jump…, As Practical Money Skills tells us, immediately contact the fraud departments of each of the credit bureaus and alert them that you are a victim of identity theft, and request that a fraud alert be placed in your file. You can also request a security freeze, preventing credit issuers from obtaining access to your credit files without your permission. This prevents thieves from opening up new credit cards in your name., Features :, 2012-03-17 364000, Even if you’re so tired and busy that 500 words of mediocrity a week is all you can manage, DO IT, for the love of God, just do it. Make time; make the habit. The habit and the discipline is what will make everything happen. That’s why I am here, in a cotton-headed fog, whimpering to myself about how if only I could have some more coffee and a week a alone in a mountain cabin, writing would be easy, and maybe I’d knock off 40,000 beautiful words all at once. As a matter of fact, I wouldn’t and I couldn’t, because I haven’t earned that kind of skill yet. First comes the writing in untoward circumstances, writing anything at all, so long as it gets words on a page, and is intended to be well-sounding and coherent, to have thematic consistency, to do all those things that writing is supposed to do., A few months back I wrote about missing a Gary Shteyngart reading which morphed into a discussion of e-books, author readings and book signings. Publishing Perspectives includes an interesting article about how e-books have changed the nature of the reading experience through the evolution of a key milestone: pages read have now been overtaken by the measure of minutes spent reading., The past week I also found out that we should have funding for our OPG kids to go on their Earthwatch expeditions, so am now in a tricky position of organising all logistics, visas, passports, flights, funds, and preparing them, as well as the really hard task of breaking the news that on the positive side, at least some of them will be going on life changing expeditions, but on the bad side, not all of them will be going this year, but that they still have a chance in the future., Pei, Jolly Pumpkin Bam Biere, We noted in our previous post (In search of a leader with reformist vision) that Greece today urgently needs the healthy reformist sectors of society to come to the forefront. Our concern is essentially that there still has not emerged the critical mass of citizens pushing for structural reform. Too many have been bought off/co-opted by having family members in/or dependent on the less productive segments of the public sector, so the whole issue of reform is forced ahead only by the Troika at each bail-out tranche review. The few Greeks and focused elements of civil society which support structural reform are such a minority that they cannot, it seems, even form a political party. So we will not let Greek society off the “collective” hook until the consciousness shifts, and those who defend “poor little Greece” in the Western media are actually doing more harm than good unless they forcefully support Greece’s small number of true reformers (not Papandreou style speech-writers). The wave of creative destruction we are seeing now across the country is inevitable — Greece’s considerable human and capital resources have to be reallocated to functions which allow them to generate something of value. Like it or not, the free market is doing it, since government here is unable/ unwilling to. This hurts some (weaker) elements of Greek society excessively and it may take a generation. Civil society/NGO’s could be helping more…, Now all you have to do is curl the flap of the purse a little bit with your fingers and insert the tab on the flap inside the slit on the purse. It may help a little to use your Paper Piercer to open up the slit on the purse a little bit., migrated there., That’s why you came home and found me, How do you grab control when a complete shut down of the system is whats on the plate? This is the question that plagues me as I write this sentence. Once upon a time there was a fat guy that had no clue what he weighed, he was unsure about his future because of the 534 pounds that hung from his bones like an over stuffed scarecrow and fear motivated him to do something about it. Two hundred twenty nine pounds later he was a bad ass weight loss success story and was in mind and body a changed person, nothing could stop him as he pushed mountains aside to gain access to his goals and that fella was me., Big dollop of runny honey (my boss brought in a jar of her Dad's own honey, score!), Here's how she made it, Earlier in the year, I sat down and checked out the brewpubs along the way. I sent Satan the list, with a list of regional beers we should look for, and he suggested that I might be a bit anal about the trip., I've had this post done for ages... at least mentally! I love to hear what others are up to and thought I'd do another general post about the rhythm of our day., It is only fair that font designers get paid. It takes hours of work, tremendous talent, and nearly obsessive attention to detail to make a good font., I stopped in the rest area and hooked up my hose and pulled the valve open - the hose blew apart! I stepped in my own mess and closed the valve, got the water hose and cleaned it up. Threw the hose in the trash and got another (I was carrying three of them). As I twisted the second on to the connection, one of the hooks broke off. Another one in the trash. One last chance. I got the tanks dumped, but the last hose leaked a bit (from age I guess), so it went in the trash, too. I moved the motorhome forward a bit and washed every bit of evidence down the drain, washed my boots (glad I wasn't wearing sandals) and headed for Camping World in Tacoma to get a new hose - and my new mattress. Except for idiots that tried to merge in to the coach (do they really think that I am going to stop on the hiway to let them in?) and the fools that I see texting as they travel down the road (I refuse to call it driving), the rest of the trip was uneventful., They are breeding them in captivity then return them to the wild and the plan is having some success., I wish... I wish she would put on a little weight cause I'm over the lanky 12 year old boy bodies setting a sad example. Let's see some actual girls, thanks!, L’Oreal Infallible Eye Shadow in Midnight Blue – outer 1 of lid, over eyeliner on outer lower lashline, I blog because if I didn’t have a creative outlet for all the funny & crazy antics that transpire, I’d probably drink too much and spend my spare time yelling at my kids., “The goal is to ensure that when Republicans attack President Obama’s record, grassroots supporters can take ownership of the campaign and share the facts with the undecided voters in their lives,” the campaign said in a statement., After staying some time in Antioch, Paul suggests a return to the churches established in Galatia (15:36). This tour of established churches is not unexpected since Paul has already made a return trip through Derbe, Lystra and Iconium for the purpose of continued development and encouragement of these churches., They take up a lot of parking and I know who is a cult member by the license plate but if you think that is bizarre, let me tell you about ...., I really need to upgrade my Podbean account now. The only question is do I choose the system with a huge amount of space or do I pick the one with less space, but monthly space increases? I'll probably go with the second really. ALL THAT SPACE. Plus I won't need it immediately., from yourself, Anyway, as we read, we work on all of our skills...context clues, plot, main idea, details, fact/opinion, summary, etc...the possibilities are endless. Each night, their homework is to write about what we've read (a chapter), but I will ask them a STAAR question stem that they have to answer. (We do this in class, as well.) This idea has really sent me on a more open learning path with them. And it holds their interest!!, "Using glassy glaze is a fun and easy way to add dimension to a card, it adds the perfect finishing touch!", To look yourself in the puddle and remind your heart how faithful God has been., What formed the genesis of your latest project, Yellow?, "Making a decision to have a child--it's momentous. It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body.", -Jackass clientele is a big hurdle to overcome anytime you’re drinking in JoCo; in fact, it’s generally the biggest hurdle. You’re very likely to be surrounded by preening fauxhawks, loud assholes in frathats (chewing on cigars if they’re outside), or 'woo girls' whose every inane statement is inflected like a question. It can be rough., Take it off the heat and add the cream and salt/pepper., ‘no, you –’, Rogue public house, See below for finishing instructions., "Overdrive" - 3:22, **Update form my last post. I do not officially have the job yet. I still have to interview with HR/the Board. I was hoping to have this done tomorrow, but I am still waiting on the call. I cannot enter that classroom (or begin curriculum training) until that is processed! Pray this goes quickly! I plan on moving in with my parents sunday night- The hubby will follow later. **, sports., the delight of every good parent to meet their children’s requests. Likewise,, They want a “new drug”. AND I FIND THAT APPALLING. THE HOLY SPIRIT IS NOT A “RECREATIONAL DRUG” — when you feel like you are having that reaction — IT’S THE DEVIL IN YOU TO BE SURE., She laughed softly and twisted in his grasp, running her hands along his chest, discarding the ruffly adornment on his shirt as she went. “You’ve stolen from every nobleman in a 50-kilometer radius. You’re hardly one to talk, Highwayman.” She leaned forward to run her tongue over the saltiness of the skin that was revealed., the whole card thing., This very much represents the NorthWest, style, taste and color that you get in these regional American Pale Ale brews. Light copper color and very clear, can see through the glass easily. Slight white lacing. Super malt/bread smell and the taste coincides with the aroma. Very easy and light flavor of malt, earthy with some slight citrus (bitterness is almost completely non-existent)., As she has done prior, Gaga again tribute late fashion designer Alexander McQueen. It’s vividly clear in the beginning of the video when she is giving birth that the scene was strongly influenced by McQueen’s final collection, which featured feathers, mock scales and faux wings., Since those of you who know me well know that I believe "Math is everywhere" I thought it fitting to start off with some stats:, 2. Lost - by enemynation, Today I want to pull the "two year old" card and throw a good tantrum. "It's not fair! I don't like this! No! No! No!". I'd love to flirt with the comparison trap. Comparing myself to others that have it easy schmeezy -- or so it appears -- but I know better., The president is the intended fall-guy to draw attention away from the cabal conspirators behind the scenes. His true power is limited. Even if he did want to retrieve the weapons, he may not have had any choice., GOAL! Bolton 1-3 Spurs (Adebayor 60') Deadly simplicity from Spurs as Modric dissects t he home defence with a super ball that Lennon latches on to. The winger then knocks it across the face of goal for Adebayor to steer effortlessly into the net., Hypothermia/low body temperature (Feel cold when others feel hot, need extra sweaters, etc.), They are always in style,, When people think of Kentucky they think of Horses, Bluegrass and Bourbon. So it would make sense that beer and bourbon would come together. This stout is housed in old bourbon barrel's to give it that iconic Kentucky flavor. First you may think Thomas Jefferson, but you would be wrong. The Jefferson namesake would be the county that Louisville and the BBC reside in., “No, that’s not how it works. I make the appointment!”, It took their combined effort, but the benches were successfully pinned down till the fluctuation passed., That being stated let us look at what the New Testament does say about judgment and God., 1. Pre-heat the oven to 180°C (350°F), We all live in different worlds. My world is filled with felons and gang members. Violence is common place. No one would be surprised if one of their friends called and said they shot a hold up man at a place of business or parking lot. In the past when I made calls the fact that the guy who is beating his GF is also on parole for 2nd degree murder flavored my world., Are these tests merely a way of sorting children by race and class, as Debbie Meier pointed out in 2007, when Klein first proposed to base all admissions to gifted programs on the basis of high stakes exams, or do the results really reflect children's inherent abilities? And does the proliferation of G and T programs across the city help or hinder the goal of equity and systemic reform?, ~CJ, I know, this product works best with only dogs, but, Mom, come on… I’m a manly man and we need our REMOTE/TV combo. Love ya Mom!, The article went on to suggest having the patient committed to a mental health institution because of course it is “the best option for family and loved ones”. Because of this the study suggests:, Ya know how we call our baby girl Lou Lou or lulu how ever you want to spell it?, Another variety includes the folding dining study table. These tables are versatile and can be used for various purposes. It can be fixed to a location if required. It is also portable. Available in a wide variety of shapes and sizes, these tables are also used as dining tables., T-shirts. when I called her I learned that her precious son, Scott had, Teaser:, I’m pretty impressed with the One S battery. Around the mid-way point of testing I had a bad feeling. The phone displayed about a quarter of juice in the little battery icon, but it lasted another two hours or so. I’m thinking the icon itself is off, to be honest with you., Anwaar: Why are you scared?, When purchased separately, these ebooks are worth $375, but for four days only, you can purchase the entire collection for just $29! Click here to view more details!, a) the total amount of yarn I had used so far – I could easily measure this by weighing the remaining skein and subtracting from the total, Star Rating: ** (2 stars), With that, I leave you with this: a name should be intriguing, fun, memorable, and profound. Just like Future Nostalgia., I've compiled a pretty descent list for myself to abide by for the next year and I am determined to stick by it no matter what., We are assigned a half dozen excerpts each week from a range of sources: apostolic fathers, apologists (those who explain Christianity to non-Christians), persecutors, and polemicists. Last Friday, I arrived at a reading by a man named Clement of Alexandria, whom I knew nothing about— only that he wrote in the late 2nd century/early 3rd century and was not the same as Clement of Rome. I knew because I had Wikipediaed the names when I downloaded the pages so I could make data tabs that would be of some use in sorting. And so I began to read from his Stromata (roughly translated, a patchwork of ideas) and as I did I began to sit up. My fingertips pressed down on the page as if to know the source better. I began to rise, needing to move, to respond as I felt myself—-what, what was it? Quickening was the word that came to mind, the sensation so familiar to a mother’s body and a writer’s spirit. “This is my guy,” I said aloud, instantly abandoning the idea of making my central paper for the course a subset of my thesis plans. Whoever this guy Clement was, I needed to spend more time with him., I've coloured Edwin and his starfish with promarkers and flexmarkers. The papers are digi ones from Pink Petticoat, printed onto linen card and they've all had the inky distressing treatment, the red textured cardstock is from Papermill Direct. The sentiment is also Pink Petticoat. The raffia, gingham ribbon and buttons are from my stash, as are the little shell beads - I've had these so long (never used) I can't even remember buying them!, I don't think we will use the brown bicones since we are going to be using either silver plated bead wire or black softflex, but I have lots of extra crystal and black diamond bicones., Stay tuned. :), Winter Sonata, Kelsey Tate comes from sturdy stock. Her great-grandmother Adele endured the sinking of Titanic and made it safely to America, where she not only survived but thrived. Generations later, Kelsey works for the firm Adele founded nearly 100 years ago., True Love, I am still saddened by the eventuality of this new building and for anyone who supports the planned new skyscraper I'd like to say this;, I was thinking of my father. And my mother., i'm also going to be forty-five-years-old tomorrow., Do you lock your doors while you're at home? During the day? During the night?, From the finish (in the Tennessee Volunteers Stadium) I had to figure out how to get to mile 20. I later realized that mile marker 20 was on a bridge. Awesome. After several miles of running around Knoxville I got to about 19.5 just in time to run with my friend Julie. Yes, this makes me a bandit. I felt really bad about the whole thing. Mostly because I was afraid someone was going to publicly shame me in some way., Middle Left - The texture on this canvas was made by adding inclusions. Beads and other bits were stuck to the canvas then strips of tissue were applied over the beads and stuck on with multi medium. Then dry Distress inks were just brushed on and the tops of the beads were rubbed with a baby wipe to remove the ink., When we got done praying my son got really concerned that a friend of his did not know Jesus. Wildcat just NEEDED to call his Sunday school teacher because she was just the right person to fix this situation. She talked to Wildcat and sure enough today, she made sure to investigate that situation. What a great lesson for Wildcat to learn. You can call on others in the body of Christ when you need help with your faith., Divide the egg yolks from the whites and whisk the whites to a meringue., If the ladies get past the weekend unscathed, which I and many others including themselves expect them to do, they will move on to the National Championship Quarterfinals on Dec. 1., If they choose to use some of their bucks, they are essentially RENTING the system from us. The length of time the renting lasts starts at the end of the schoolday (when they have earned their bucks for completing schoolwork and chores) and lasts until 10am the next day, when we usuallu begin school. So, the quicker they get their work done the longer they will have with their games. Oh, and they can not turn in bad work. Rushing through and claiming to be done, even when you know it's substandard work is considered cheating, aka lying, and will cost you bucks. There are exceptions to this. Using the computer or ipad for school work isn't limited. Using computer programming games like Alics (from Columbia University) or Scratch (from MIT) and creating their own games is not limited., Sorry the pic is blurry, zoom isn't the greatest. I was disappointed in these feet. The fronts where shod and looked long too., I know some people dislike FR, and anything touched by Ed Greenwood. To many it makes them think of Elminster, the deus ex machina, or heavy handed "story" based game mastering. Even though Ed is not to blame for those practices, it feels like his FR is slightly more about people than monsters. Even though I love the explorative part of the game, and some good exhilarating fights with foul beasts, I can't but help feeling a lot of sympathy for a game where there are heroes and personalities around. It kind of makes the world feel like a real place. Someone lives there, and are doing heroic deeds., ~ I would like to think I am quite loyal to the ones I love, Explain a person you admire and then tell me what you would do as a mother in order to produce that person from one of your children. What are some people and laws that you would change to make your job easier?, It wasn't until today that I remembered what used to happen when I lied, before I learned to be honest, just me, unadorned. I used to feel cared for in a way when I'd get sick or my car would break down after I had lied about it. Like Some One was saying: I won't let you make that mistake., We may soon face a choice: corn for meat or corn for fuel., As I have mentioned before, we live in a tiny little town that is 26 miles away from where we do all of these things. We have one long highway that can get boring for Nevaeh, so she will usually watch a movie on her car dvd player. I turned on my music...Mandisa always blesses me as I drive. The first few songs, I was alone in my praise and worship time and then suddenly....the song "Shackles" came on and my little girl did something I've NEVER known her to do. She turned OFF her movie and listened as the song played. Not only did she listen....she started dancing and throwing her hands in the air., Nowadays samplers are cheap and commonplace, and the, As it's Thursday it's time for a new Willow Sketchie Challenge and this week our host is Lisa and she has created a fab sketch I think you will agree but as most of the DT had followed the sketch and theme, I decided to just follow the theme for my card which is "Let them eat cake" so we want to see food on your cards this week. or you can follow the sketch or both., Drop by the shop and take a look!, Its ok though. I'm going to absolutely OWN IT next semester. I will not accept anything lower than a B, By 2020, 50 billion devices will be connected to the network, according to Padmasree Warrior, senior vice president of engineering and the chief technology officer at Cisco. That, of course, raises even more security issues for companies and agencies dealing with employees who would like to use those devices., (Please note: This challenge is only open to Australian residents with an Australian delivery address - sorry we do not ship Internationally.), In my first week at ProPublica in June 2008, I filed a public records request for the agency’s complaint files. Such records can provide good fodder for investigations., As we got to the reality show part — “Live!” (as in “live on tv” and also as in “live! try to live!”), the special — Carolyn became very freaked out. She told me that she would have changed the channel. Then I told her, “I wouldn’t have let you!”, Perfect opportunity to meet some guys, right? To make some friends? They run a little event planning company, right next door to my apartment. Perfect opportunity to score some party invites, right? I wish. They were so cute, but so damn aloof. Some random American girl just barges in their office, and it didn’t phase them one bit. They weren’t curious or concerned. And my French is such crap and my mind was racing, I wasn’t equipped to seize the opportunity., The only thing we plan on storing while away, is our grown-up furniture ( ie. nothing that lived thru our college years and has been refurbished--Sal's currently using a re-painted dresser that my ol man has had since college), and Nick's tools and machinery. We never set up a real nursery, so the pack and play will stay at a family member's home, so that Sal has a place to sleep when we visit. Our apartment in Wuxi is furnished--including flatscreen TV's and cooking pots. With the exception of a baby crib and changing table, we really won't need to buy any furnishings., 9. Every Man Oughta Have A Woman, Jessica's dessert: rosetta cookies / warm spiced chocolate. I was pretty inspired by the cookies. They are light, airy, with a perfect amount of crunch and structure in the delicate cookies. Jessica explained that she received the molds from her grandmother, and you would dip the molds into batter, and then into hot oil for frying. I know a dessert is good when I leave wondering how I could recreate them at home. I did look up a bunch of rosetta cookie molds if that's any indication. The warm chocolate had a hint of spice that reminded me of a cross between Christmas and Indian cooking. I'd have to eat it again to tell you the exact spice profile. Darn. What a difficult task, but I'll do it. Again, and again, and again. Lenoir can be pretty busy, so call ahead. Congrats to Todd and Jessica!, Sixteen years ago, Patricia (P.J.) Johnston of Des Moines made the front page of this paper for collecting her diploma from Drake University at just 19. “Johnston was reading books on French existentialism while others her age were still buying comic books,” wrote reporter Tom Alex of the young woman who majored in religion and philosophy, dabbled in music and astronomy and found time to take part in online discussions on the Bible., Now here is how you do it . . ., My favorite part about Christmas besides presents is Christmas MOVIES!!!, I like to make a monthly menu to reduce the “stress” of deciding what is for dinner each night. If you know me, to get me to choose a restaurant or something to eat takes an act of Congress., ~ Jen, security men had been deployed, Either a middle linebacker or a new running back would help out a whole lot. The problem is that the Giants are drafting at #15, which means both stud players (middle linebacker Rolando McClain and running back C.J. Spiller) at those positions will likely be taken. Unless they make a trade to move their draft position up a few notches, they might end up having to take the old tried-and-true best player available. While the guy probably won’t be a bad pick in and of itself, it might not address their very immediate and very pressing needs., Good Luck., Parliament, the senate and the cabinet get together with the prime minister. They look to the economy. They look to the industry. They look to the resources. All is well. They promise to us a bright future. “There is a way that seemeth right unto a man.” They, likeLot, make peace with the enemies of God. They meet with the various leaders of world cultures and religions seeking mutual understanding and cooperation. There is a way that seemeth right unto a man., Life was good, right? Only not for my youngest, my daughter Sara. Almost from the moment she was born, she had A Thing for dogs. As a tiny infant, her eyes widened and her whole body quivered whenever she spied a dog. "Woof" was one of her first words. By the time she was a preschooler, she preferred her cousins' threadbare hand-me-down doggy costume to even the sparkliest princess getup, knew the distinguishing characteristics of dozens of dog breeds, and she and her best buddy got in trouble at preschool for only speaking in dog and preferring to consume their graham crackers and milk doggy- style. (By that I mean no hands! And don't do an internet search for that term either!) When Christmas and her birthday rolled around, every year Sara's wish list contained just one item: a real, live dog. If she couldn't have that, then nothing, thank you., These are the reasons the Americans use to murder and destroy with bombs and missiles, around the world, while their financial Titans, like the Titans of Greek legend, eat whole nations, sucking the last marrow from the bones of their victims., Hello! This week at Shopping Our Stash we are asking you to use something (one or more) things that start with B! Think blue, brown, beige, boy, bicycle, bug, butterfly, or use a Bugaboo Stamp Image!, Coyotes are gathering acorns, Hugs! Happy Ranting;), Actually, that raises interesting questions itself. If it’s set down by fate that I’m going to eat the chocolate, I can’t have any control over it. Therefore, it’s not my fault if I do. Now, THAT is a dangerous situation, if it’s true., what kind of person eats McRib sandwiches? Oddly enough, in the days after I accepted the challenge, Twitter exploded with people extolling the virtues of the McRib. Personally, the response I got as I told more people about it was less enthusiastic:, 9) Aria from Under the Never Sky by Rossi, Although there’s an enormous amount of interest in small cars today there is renewed and rising interest in Crossover, SUV, 4×4 cars., “Something strange is going on here, sir. I’ll use Clearsight on it, and we’ll get to the truth.” The thief had to be lying. Rel thought he heard Van Raighan sigh, but the his face was strangely neutral. Not the face of a man about to be caught in a lie., Here’s the next one in the batch. I wanted to use a slightly wider palette of earth colors for this one: In addition to my base palette of Rublev Ercolano Red, Venetian Red, Blue Ridge Yellow Ocher and Lead White #2, and Da Vinci Magnetite Genuine, I added Da Vinci Hematite Violet and Arizona Brown Ochre, and Winsor & Newton Burnt Umber. All the earths are natural except the WN Burnt Umber, which as has been discussed is likely synthetic. The violet shirt is done with the Violet Hematite, black and white. (Cool that that’s a natural earth, huh?) The “blue” shirt is just black and white., Here is a close up of the hat and the bow!, So now I'm going to get all metaphorical and junk. I just moved into a new apartment and I have this really long hallway that goes nearly the whole length of the apartment. I can't figure out what I want to do with it, but I know there must be something to make it look way less boring., Darn I got off the subject…lol So this morning I walked to go and get my Gatorade, came back with three heavy ass bags, bout killed me., Morally correct, ethically wrong. A week’s suspension and formal apology maybe would have been better? Though CEOs are overpaid and deserve no sympathy for their sequestration of wealth, this treatment of Mr.Thompson is extreme and should result in a lawsuit by Alasdair Thompson who should use the analogy of ‘an eye for an eye’ or ‘a tooth for a tooth’., Today, that's what I will choose to think about. I will keep my fingers from keying bed bug searches into google, I will sing silly songs while vacuuming behind the bed and take better care of my cast-iron pan. I will play puzzles with Theo. And all the while I will choose to think of Jesus, letting his reality and that of his kingdom sink into my head and heart., Icefall by Matthew J. Kirby (Scholastic Press), - To balance all of the tartness, I used a bit more chopped apple - 2 smallish ones. I don't know what kind of apple they were, since they were from my farm box, but they were fairly sweet., to view near intricate azaleas, After I had calmed down and got some sleep, I had some more perspective on the movie. There are, it occurs to me, a few very important differences between that movie and my life. One of these vital differences is that Tyler has never claimed that maybe he “deserved to be selfish” as Violet does in the movie, so I have always felt like I could tell him if I needed things to change and he would help make things better. We strive to find things to do that will make both of us happy – not just one of us. We also continue to spend time together, going on dates regularly and taking care of our relationship: it comes first. Sometimes, Tyler comes home early from building the house and drags me out to canoe around the lake or we go for a long walk together., Turn the corner and you enter the gaming hall. Most of you will have seen pictures of this, but I hadn't quite got the scale of it:, Blond: Hazy with a sharp and refreshing bite. Brewed with Nelson Sauvin hops. A favourite amongst many, including me., When the moment of guilt takes over, This Thanksgiving Week, I am thankful for:, The Spanish word denoting this structure, matacán, is similarly composed from "matar canes" meaning roughly "killing dogs", the latter being a reference to infidels., “No, they didn’t.” James blurted out. It was a strange question, but by the strange look that Arnen was giving him, he had given an even stranger answer. “They told us to go to Thornhill.”, I'm intimidated by Copic Violets, Blue Violets and Red Violet, this challenge gave me the opportunity to experiment a little more on a very small scale., May 9 - Dolores Fuller, actress ("Glen or Glenda"), 88, Washington city square is packed. We call it that because Washington is the name on the door, the only word at all on the door, now worn and barley readable. The door was everything for a long time to the people of this city. I have been told it shook the hole colony when the door finale opened. Letting out this loud wine as if the door felt pain as it unlocked and opened. A long winding and broken down staircase lead to the surface. They worked there way up reappearing it as they went. It took months to get to the top, and even then they had to chip away at the packed soil that covered the opening to the outside world. One of the few times humans and mutants worked together for a common goal., I'd have posted it sooner but Im still a little shy especially with vlogs, Here he was in action in the second last effort. What's great to see is this younger athlete developing and learning. His capacity is undeniable and his work ethic through these type of session is become impressive. On days like this with sessions of this nature it is a test of resolve, persistence and willingness to take up the challenge. Being that it was just one part of a very full day of training is what's even more enjoyable. It was also part of a challenging week. It however is just another week in the build up to London., Because I've been making a lot of pizzas, I've also been playing around with topping ingredients. Straying from the typical red sauce. I've used olive oil, ranch dressing, alfredo - and of course, pesto. I love the garlicy-ness of pesto so I paired it with some mild flavors, grilled chicken and roasted red pepper. Top with some fresh mozzarella and you've got a winning pizza., Kingfisher Airlines – Section of co.’s pilots threatened not to report for duty from 9 May, if management failed to pay their January salaries. (Economic Times/PTI), .....we're here for your habit...., 2 1/2-3 c confectioners sugar, As the core of the darks power in the inner collapses..the power of those that think they run the show here on earth becomes more exposed, as their protective layer of invisibility is gradually falling apart, they can no longer hide themselves behind the great lies. We are seeing the dark fall before our very eyes, in recent months Mubarak and Gaddafi have fallen,Syria looks next, Bellosconi ..known as the great survivor has gone, Corruption has been uncovered in the world bank and imf…Lachlan Murdoch has quit News International..France, Germany, and other EU leaders are bickering and in turmoil. America is under severe financial pressure as the truth becomes known of their debts and dodgy dealings. China, Japan,Greece,Spain,Italy,Portugal,are all bankrupt…the fall is everywhere..we dont have far to look..the light of god is showing us political and world corruption..Keep your cash at hand,passport safe and be ready to move at a moments notice..in the meantime relax and watch the dark fall., And when life gives you lemons--well then make some lemonade!!, this was where emmett and i would food shop when we lived close to the city. he was so tiny but we'd load up when ever we had the chance to go. those early days were really special to me. it's funny, i have so many crystal clear memories from that first year and even the second year....but 2 years to 4 has seemed so cloudy. its like i have been completely immersed and i haven't had a chance to decipher anything yet., From my perspective, it’s pretty easy to see how much the rest of the world has imitated US obstetrics, apparently unaware of the ignorance of women’s bodies upon which this model of obstetric care was constructed. Australia, for instance, imitated the UK during the early 20th century, by keeping midwifery (but a midwifery that accepted the dominance of medicine). Midwives had a certain amount of autonomy until the move came to make every birth take place in hospital. When a few women rebelled during the 1970s against the lack of choice this meant for them and started Australia’s home birth movement, organized medicine’s attack on home birth practitioners was swift and savage, with the de-registration of Dr. John Stevenson, the family physician who stood behind some of those first home birth midwives. According to what I’ve been told by countless Australian moms and midwives is that it has gone pretty much downhill since then., Commander, U.S. Air Force Space Command (’02-‘06), Recently MAC introduced a few new collections, one of which being Tres Cheek, a collection of six blush powders., Please take a peek at the other "i heart macro" postings. I'm sure you'll enjoy what others have noticed during this past week...., The police know full well that the other officers acted in the same way as Kennedy (and in some respects worse, what with being prosecuted under false identities and breaching lawyer/client confidentiality). Those deployments and the torrent of whitewash reports coming down the pipeline are not just institutional corruption. They're evidence of an institution that appears incapable of little other than corruption., Their hits included:, People in either of these categories will occasionally be challenged by someone to live up to the label they are claiming. In certain forums on the Internet, they will be challenged with vigor., How did it all play out? Let's see...., Anyway, on swim day, about three weeks ago, we packed J off to school complete with his swimming kit as per usual. Other than being hyped-up and excited at the prospect of swimming J was very much J. An hour later we received a call asking us to collect him as he’d had a very loose bowel movement and the school nurse was concerned that he might have caught a bug. He hadn’t. That we were certain of. J on and off produces large and rather fluid bowel movements as part and parcel of his autism. Thinking nothing other than ‘drat, that’s three days off school’ (two days quarantine at home,) we set off to collect him. (J’s school has good protocols in place regarding infections, bugs etc., and whilst they can be irritating when J is totally well, they have a serious purpose and we willingly adhere to them.) When we got there we were informed that J had poo’d while in the swimming pool (he wears a swim nappy and trunks) and clearly the affair had been rather messy. Hmm….Oops!, F. Deicer, However. I found it too salty, ''Deveney's Lughnasa Beer Festival 2011'' but due to high winds; Tornadoes and Hurricane Irene; the stock was a little late. How and never; it's here; refrigerated and ready to be tasted... The Thursday Beer tastings resume; after a long pre-festival break., I really enjoy cooking and love seeing people enjoy the food I have cooked, I love throwing dinner parties because it means I have a reason to spend my whole day in the kitchen cooking food!, “Oh, sir!” she exclaimed, “I beg your pardon, but this telegram has just come,” and she thrust it into his hand., I was thinking about putting a watermark on my art, but honestly, that kind of technology is beyond me. I'm just going to let it go, and deal with ebay when it comes up. It's worth it., Date of Origin Saturday June 11th, 2011 approx. 03:30 PM, Several years ago, I used to write a paragraph about each child. It took so long to look at all of their assessments, then try to word a sweet, but direct, synopsis 18 different times. I decided there must be a quicker way. So, I created a checklist-style conference form. The skills closely relate to our lengthy report card. All of the "positives" are listed on one side and the "let's work on these" skills are listed on the other. Sometimes, I will put a checkmark on both sides (ex. If a child can count by 1s and 5s but not 10s, I will just circle the 1s and 5s on the "positive side" and then circle the 10s on the "negative side." ) I feel like it's a quick way for parents to see areas of praise and areas of concern., Google is your friend. In the search bar, lets put in a topic that interests you....say you are real big on camping, primitive living and wilderness survival., People are usually happy with the concept of a painting telling a story that can be interrupted in a number of ways and accept that a quick glance isn’t enough – you have to stand in front of it for a while whilst you personalise the meaning. So why then do we struggle when a novel works in the same way, when the writer uses words to paint images directly into a reader’s head to tell a story in a way that needs time to sit within their mind?, The introduction bears the legend: “This book is not about settling scores. I have tried to describe what happened with calm and restraint.”, 24. SAQLAIN MUSHTAQ (PAK) Right Arm Offbreak (1994-2008), The Pomson 6000, Little Susie, like most preschool children, loves attention and wants whichever adult is nearest to comment on her accomplishments. One day she was walking across the balance beam and called out to me, “Look how I do balance!”, And then … nothing. Seismic activity sites showed just the usual minor earthquakes in scattered locations around the world. Live webcams showed that it was a ho-hum Saturday night in New Zealand, with no earthquake devastation in sight. Including in Masterton, where evidently most of the missing people were eventually found. (I checked the local Masterton news for that date on their newspaper’s website, and no missing persons were reported.) News channels around the US reported nothing more exciting than the latest celebrity scandals or sports scores or military skirmishes in the Middle East., The shrinkage in Irish household sizes is to be expected and furthermore is in line with realities in the rest of Europe. According to Eurostat, in 2009 the average EU household size was 2.4. This hides a large variation with Romania, Bulgaria, Cyprus and Malta having 2.9 and at the other end of the spectrum Germany, Denmark and Sweden with just 2.0. Eurostat reported that we had a 2.7 average size here in 2009. It seems though that the long term trend for all countries is average household size is reducing. In 1971 in the UK there were 2.9 people per household with one person households accounting for 18% of households. In 2009 that had fallen to 2.4 per household and one person households accounted for 29% of households. And as forIreland, here’s a table setting out our population, number of households, household size and % of households having a single occupant since the first census in the State in 1926., Of the many techniques I learned from studying film and scriptwriting, my favorite is “enter late, leave early.” This means your scene is really just a middle slice out of a sequence of events (i.e. it does not contain all the events)., When I eventually did, I switched the characters of Fionnula and Aed - named after two of Lir's children, but whose propensity for turning into swans was entirely voluntary - for a brownie (borrowed from Scots & English folklore) and a púca (very definitely Irish), ditched an extraneous character, and sent Bansi off on her adventures. And then came the point at which Pogo, the brownie, and Tam, the púca, lost Bansi and had a furious row about it, and I needed another character to defuse the situation and perhaps add a bit of light relief., Really? The worst ever? I don’t know about that., The church had 2500 back-packs full of school supplies to give to kids who needed them. And lots of free stuff - face-painting, cotton candy, pop-corn, snow-cones, Veggie-Tales playing on the big projector screen, and Larry-Boy was there...and a dentist, but that's not so cool..., Activity organised by: Mellemfolkeligt Samvirke (ActionAid Denmark), Mr. McGuire: I just want to say on word to you, just one word., He continued kissing along her back, left exposed by the bare back dress she was trying on in the dressing room of the department store. ”This dress looks gorgeous on you, babe,” he said. She blushed. She could feel his hands moving towards the zipper on the back of the dress and her heart beat double-time. She looked at him in the mirror catching his eyes. He arched one eyebrow asking for permission. She hesitated, swallowed and gave a nod. His smile melted her. He caught the zip and lowered it down slowly, the sound raising goosebumps all over her body., America faces the most critical juncture in its 229 year history. Indolent Americans sit on their Lazy Boy recliners wielding a remote while their country fractures before their eyes. It’s been slow for the past 30 years, but it’s quickening in every sector of our country., Personal Favorites: Fazon, Dancing Wizard, Orange Peel, Sneaky Smith, Monkeys On The Moon, Usually, the dream involves a pet store somewhere, but sometimes the hamsters just pop out of no where. I never have a cage for them, so I'm stuck holding them or stuffing them in my pockets. No matter what I try to do, I always lose them, so I go looking for them. I find them, try to find a really shitty way to contain them (one time was Tupperware, another was a glass mug), which they then escape or die from., With my Beloved and our delightful feral offspring; the First-born and the Curly-haired Girl., And most importantly of all, I didn't encounter a twat in a hat all day...., Whatever. I'm sick of that bullshit. I caved in and signed up for a dating website. It was a bit bizarre having to write a profile for myself, and in French, no less., It's can't be real. It is the cold and flu meds and all a figment of my medicated imagination., At lunch the following day, our clients take us out to “a really good place” for lunch. It’s a bar. Complete with cigarette stench. I have a chicken sandwich. Meh., It may also be mentioned that Jayendra Saraswati left(I think that is the decent expression) a decade back with out the knowledge of Periyavar and caused incalculable hurt to Periyava,, The first 6 days I wrote pretty consistently. I was a bit under the daily average, but still, not that far off the mark. After day 6 I was stuck. I reached the end of the first section and couldn’t transition into the middle section. So I took a week off. I didn’t intend to take a week off, but with family and work that’s how it happened. I spent a lot of my free time hanging out with Melissa and working on photographs. Some Ikea furniture assembly. You get the picture., But then our firstborn son entered the scene, and he was a joy! He was easy-going from the get-go, and still is. This kid goes with the flow, just here to have a good time, happy to make the most of the day, whatever it brings., I’m calling on believers to return to their Biblical roots and to turn from a secularized worldview that separates Bible and Government. Biblical morality or lack of it has never been absent in the political arena. We carry our morality and ethics into our legislative decision making. To think there is a separation of Bible and Government and to vote for elected officials on qualifications alone and to ignore their spiritual life is to embrace a naive and foolish worldview. The Bible warns us against such men saying there will be those who say they know God, but in fact they do not now God. Sounds like the rhetoric of a skilled politician doesn’t it? Therefore, if we want to make a change in the laws we must make a change in the law makers and support truly Born Again believers into office and initiate evangelistic efforts to win unbelieving law makers to Christ., He’s got a new one out now I don’t even know what it’s about, This news is so shocking we literally can’t believe it. And thanks to our posters for bringing it to our attention., Was cleaning out my Horlicks Jar. Oh, COME ON, we ALL clean out our Horlicks Jar., I have been having a hard time getting my act together with most forms of art but this one is just the best for me any way. I try to play around with lino cuts and I love all the things she uses, feathers, seed heads, rocks, sea weed and this has given me in a few minutes of looking at it so much inspiration., While the art is something to be dazzled by, the story itself is definitely not going to be outdone by it. Ragnarok is, unsurprisingly, based off of Norse mythology. Based off of the manhwa’s name, I figured that out easily, so I was expecting it, but I wasn’t expecting the sheer amount of Norse mythology references buried within it. I was expecting someone with the name Odin and maybe a mention or two of Loki, but Ragnarok really went all out. Not only did it have Odin and Loki, it also had Valkyries, Freya, Jotunheim, Midgard, Asgard, Fenrir, and Yggdrasil to name a few and most of them were pretty true to the originals in Norse mythology, so they didn’t just get the name Fenrir and thus were cool. This little tidbit may not mean much to most people, but to someone like me who loves mythology, it was enough to make me love this manhwa even more!, How do you menu plan? Are you a coupon clipper? Do you shop by the sales papers? Do you plan monthly meals? Please share your ideas in the comment section below., This weekend houses the first Saturday in May. That means Free Comic Book Day. There are going to be some interesting offerings this year, and I’ll be live-Tweeting (with the same hashtag, #BW_FCBD) as much of my haul as I can, since I have to work later that day (on a Saturday–that just feels wrong). I’ll review the rest when I get home from work., The men’s families had campaigned for an inquest to be held for more than 20 years., Anyhow I best get onto today's post.., – Sugimura Seirinshi, In a different context, Lewis discussed the views of Karl Kautsky in 1904–5, when he called for a democratic republic along the lines of the Paris Commune as the political form of working-class emancipation. Ottokar Luban, a member of the International Rosa Luxemburg Society, noted the same advocacy of radical democracy in Luxemburg’s struggle to oppose Social Democratic reformism. By 1919, Lewis said, Kautsky’s support of a democratic republic had been gutted of any revolutionary content., This is a car-crash waiting to happen., And leaking forever, For my TV, I knew exactly what I wanted and how much I was willing to pay. I looked online to see if I could find any deals and I even visited my local stores. I went to Best Buy each week, because they would have new sales every Sunday, and some of these were cheaper than buying the TV online. After about 4 weeks, I found the TV I wanted with the price I would pay for it., What do you think you'll read next?, Herbal tea is one of the most popular herbal infusions that people drink either hot or cold, which is both very refreshing and has a calming effect. It has been known to help in curing many ailments within the body and also has been known to prevent them from recurring., The truck driver said he usually had the phone's headset in his ear most of the day., Patches of grass were popping up everywhere. I even saw some pine trees still green seeming to have escaped the fire and wrath of the pine beetle., What People Are Saying:, the cleared off 3rd tier., And now, over 50,000 words in, she has finally revealed her secrets to me. The secrets she had hidden from her shrink and even from herself., Space: Madero claims in his book that that is where we all end up, so maybe that's where he is., If you'd like more information, or would like to place an order, just let me know. I'll be making some samples in the coming weeks, so watch this space! Now I'm off to carry on devising my classes for this year., What did I do in between? I went to the College English Association conference in Richmond, where I presented a paper. I wrote about poet children of scientists who contemplate God in their poetry. The paper went fairly well. It was held during the second to last session, so we had a very small audience., Welcome to the Disney Gives Back Blog Hop. This wonderful blog hop was created out of a desire to give back to a wonderful organization called Crops of Luv. Throughout the hop, you will see layouts from talented crafters who have chosen to give back and help make these children's days brighter., By some estimates, about 20 percent of women suffer from a condition called “brittle nail syndrome.” While it may sound like just a fancy name for nails that break easily, the causes go deeper than that. Brittle nails are ones that can’t hold on to moisture, so the layers of the nail plate dry out and crack. Medically speaking, it’s possible for an under-active thyroid to cause both dry skin and brittle nails. Nutritionally, a diet low in iron can cause nails to become thin, brittle and easily broken (eating more green, leafy vegetables, red meat and eggs will help boost your iron intake). Biotin supplements (a B-complex vitamin) have also been shown to improve the condition of brittle nails. And your habits play a role as well. The main culprit: excessive exposure to water. Constantly wetting and drying your hands (and nails) can make brittleness worse., So far, I’m very happy with the new shoes, but I feel like it’s too early to really tell. My feet didn’t *seem* as tired, but am I projecting something? I’ll give my final decision in a week or so., Moving on, I’ll continue categorizing the characters will the show was still in it’s glory days. All but 1 of these listed were considered main characters. The none main character included was just too good to leave. Please note, I don’t make these kinds of exceptions for just anybody. Moving right along, It's never just a little pot hole, it always seems to turn into a brick wall., Internet millionaires don’t acquire their wealth and success by luck of the draw. They know the secrets to success. These secrets are so valuable that if you implement them, you will succeed in your own Internet business., “Only those who truly love and who are truly strong can sustain their lives as a dream., Oh, and I forgot to mention that Gundam was pretty huge here as well and it constitutes another half of the anime community other than moe and cosplay, all thanks to the vast amount of toys it has. Most of the fans are in for the gunpla and character design than the actual show itself though., ..and African vibe.., Although she is in good spirits overall, this round of chemo has brought more sleepiness, neediness(for extra snuggles), and fussiness that we've never endured before. She has been one tough cookie and is still surprising her doctor with her tenacity and happy-go-lucky attitude., Some of the reforms he brought into play include a standardization for government works and a innovative city development zoning plan., The Memorandum of Understanding signed in 2005, Pinksy responded, “assumed tax-exempt financing, provided through the state.” (So did the General Project Plan approved in 2006.) “In terms of additional assistance, we all know that we’re operating in a difficult economic and financial environment. The Nets—Forest City Ratner has made clear to us that that’s having impacts on their project. They have not made specific requests for additional financial assistance.”, Jonathan Croes, 2T adobe sauce (from the can of chipotles), we have no clearly articulated normative criteria — and even though Riley says “surely some version of this schemata could be devised for judging poetry competitions,” one suspects his tongue is in his cheek. Much as one is tempted to simplify matters of judgment by simply taking the cattle competition criteria over into the literary sphere (the winning poet should be “well and evenly muscled without too much fat” and “viewed from behind the poet’s rump should be well rounded,” if male the poet’s “testicles should be large,” etc.) no version of overtly normative criteria is likely to appear in the judge’s guidelines for any competition. Not even if the norms had to do with meter, imagery, and syntax rather than body fat, rumps, and testicles., -sellout of national property, Results and any recommendations coming out of the study, including best management practices, will be made publicly available, said Stahl., 1. Say Valley Maker (5:34), Cliched as it may be, this year has flown by! Life with three (very young!) kids is busy, fun, frustrating, difficult and joyful all at the same time. And it provides lots of fodder but not enough time for blogging as evidenced by my lack of posts and updates during my littlest one's first year., Sorry for not posting so long, the last link in a chain of events slowing me down in the past three months was breaking my right hands wrist. But I'm at least back on track in the web (while still not able to draw and paint) and delivering the last installment of my Classic Plastic series: Gigantic Frankenstein., NOTE : The settings on the Microtrack II are for 24 bit recording and 48kHz sample rate, encoded as Wave files. The bass filter on the mics was off., As stuff becomes their days., There will be many more Halloween in Wonderland projects, including cards, more mini-books, and wall art to share with you and they are all WONDERful, so stay tuned as we gear up for Halloween! Please leave a comment on The Altered Alice before you depart!, 2) Teacher Appreciation Week- TAW is a week where various local restaurants dump fatty unhealthy foods at you, useless gifit certifcates are pushed your way, and administrators offer you halfway thoughtful gifts. Usually during this week, a local person comes in for quick 15 minute free massages. I missed mine last year because I was busy. If it is back this year, I wont miss it., Killing with kindness really isn't a bad philosophy., It was the end of August when we moved back home and we spent the next couple of months living in a construction zone while the contractor completed the kitchen and several finishing details inside. As a result, last fall we barely found time to put some bulbs in the ground before nighttime temperatures started dropping below zero and to leave the rest until spring. Spring officially arrived about 6 weeks ago, and after a couple of warm, sunny days last week, we decided it was time to start implementing the rest of the landscaping plan., I realize quitting one of my jobs will bring on a slight sense of “I’m not working as hard as I should be”, and not to mention cutting my income in half and other repercussions, but so long as it means I pass school and graduate… well… It’s worth it., It surfs faster because of the Silk thing. Well all connectivity is bottlenecked at my DSL connection, correct? I connect at about 5 mbps which is fast. Shockingly fast for where I live. I don't see any difference between the Nook and the Fire in this regard. Maybe when it comes to watching video that's something else., Swift Forest Strider – 180 Darkmoon Tokens, Now for the CR84FN Challenge details:, The first muslin also indicated that I needed a FBA and more length at the waist, so I did a 1/2" princess FBA, and added another 1/2" of length to the waist. This pattern must be drafted for the short waisted. I ended up adding a total of 1 and 5/8" at the waist, which is a lot, even for me. Oh, and I raised the neckline on the CF piece by 5/8"., Why visit India for low cost Uterine (Endometrial) Cancer treatment in world class hospitals? Uterine (Endometrial) cancer is the most common gynecological cancer., 3. Give people the help they need to spread the word about you. Develop a robust online presence starting with a compelling website. People will search for you online—what they find needs to match what others are saying about you. And, give your fans something they can share with others—an interesting article that can be downloaded from your website or a feature on your business’ Facebook page. Help your clients to send you viral. The key is to have something that is unique, let others know about it, and give them ways to share it with others. Without these, you may seem surprisingly unexceptional., She is 12 years old, so please keep that in mind when making suggestions (both for reading level and mature topics). She isn't really drawn to fantasy or contemporary "issues" books., (Jesus Loves Me), 4 socks that match-up into 2 pairs of little-boy (i.e. outdated) socks, Now the much older me sometimes wonders how would it feel to read those diaries. I don’t have that option. Like a limb, they are cut off and disposed of., Brian even gave it the thumbs up which, for a man who usually, We had friends and family over to celebrate E’s birthday yesterday. When it was time for my parents to leave and E was having a good time playing with his Grandma in the back yard, he asked her to stay for two more minutes., 1 stick (1 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, This sassy little dandy doesn’t have a name yet but he’s the manifestation of what happens when I ask myself, “if my client were a fox, what would she look like?”, What is great about The Archers is if I don't listen for a while and then I do, it's like I've never been away. I went off to the States in the mid 1970's for 4 years and never listened once, then turned the radio on on my return, and all the characters were still there, doing what they do. Of course there are new ones every now and again, but it's so easy to pick up again. Real easy listening!, We are instruments of Divine Intelligence – we each have a part to play in this cosmic shift. Every Soul makes a difference. As we all shed our fears and become free, we become beacons of Divine Light and Love. Imagine millions and millions of Souls around the world, waking up, tuning in, creating a new Earth, and a new humanity. See it in your mind’s eye…, I called my servant, and he came;, We started the day off walking through the Parco della Montagnola. The entrance to this park is a gorgeous fountain in a wall with stairs on either side of it, and when you got to the top and crossed the small street you were in a beautiful green park, studded with intricate statues of lions and mermaids. (The Mermaids were my favorite, and were very impressive.) This park led to another group of stairs, that you walked down and you were really close to the medieval center. We turned down two streets and we were on the main road leading in to Piazza Nettuna., Okay, yes, I went to the beach... but stayed on the sand while my beloved german did all the snorkeling. As I mentioned before, we're in autumn, don't let even the sunniest days fool you into thinking it's a good beach day!, not delay, because Your city and your people bear your name.” -Daniel 9:18-19, Observers are wondering why two legals would take such an important and controversial decision without referring it to the UK Group’s then CEO, Les Hinton. Perhaps they did: we await Mr Hinton’s recollection. But Robert Peston of the BBC has opined that this also gives James Murdoch ‘some very difficult questions to answer’: why would an incoming CEO – the owner’s son – not have been briefed on such a key project? Last night, News International insisted Mr Murdoch ‘had no knowledge of the 300 e-mails that Harbottle & Lewis were asked to review’., Cottage Holdings may sound a humble affair, but it actually does very big business indeed., Green Dragon King: Ghidorah, I don't care what you keep close to your vest. I only care about your book., Warning: rant., It has been stated that the Agency Underwriting and Processing guidelines are going backward to some degree, toward the manual underwriting process, one small effort at a time and the rules and regulations are being made to ensure that an applicant can carry the increased debt they are about to embark upon. Fannie, Freddie, and FHA are all emphasizing that it is the lenders responsibility to verify anything that is questionable with regard to the mortgage applicant's application. Anything that might prevent the performance of a loan must be questioned and documented. They are being upfront with the fact that there are instances when there must be additional information verified to make certain loan applicants have the willingness, capability and capacity to pay back the mortgage loan., My first sampling of Red Chair is noted in an entry dated November 22, 2009, wherein I wrote:, Party Favors for your thanksgiving gathering. Easy enough to do: Use a knife to cut open the top, then scoop out the insides. Make the handle with a bendable vine or branch from outside. Pierce a tiny hole breaking the gourd skin and push in the vine to hold.Add candies,..., I have to admit that I love these books, After coming across The Tourist once more, we delve away from our Dukes of Dead and learn how things came about for The Tourist during the zombie apocalypse. What trouble has he found and gotten into? All we can say is that this episode is a very revealing one, so tune in!, Further details will be posted as they become available, So the winner for April 17 is - #7 Ava, "Come on Mr Moon, let’s go home"., I can't help thinking that the Watney's brand is still so toxic after all these years that Roger's efforts to rehabilitate it are doomed to failure, although I say good luck to him. If I see it, I'll give it a try, but I suspect it's likely to be available only in the London area., I wish I had the recipe. Until then, I'll just keep buying it on days when I'm feeling down. Do you have a favorite cake that you always eat to feel better? (I have plenty, this is just the cheapest of all, lol). Let me know!, Please make contact with your swap partners, and get to know each other a little - and we are aiming for all parcels to be swapped by Friday 31st March., 2 shortly, In fact, I’m a humble person who prefers a low-key profile. I have a Master’s Degree in International Finance from one of Europe's oldest universities. Most importantly, I’m a successful businessman with a deep love of economic analysis and the stock market., 7. Interlude, Yellow sunshine butter, They were no different in their deaths,, Monday was more fun times. Saylee had a birthday party and Madi got to go to a friends. Cole and John played Big Game Hunter 2012 while Roo took a nap. Later we went to the mall to maybe go to a movie, but we decided to wait til there was one we really wanted to see. The kids played at the playground and got some energy out. Then home for calzones, and we rented 'Mr Popper's Penguins' which they thought was quite funny. Off to their own beds and time for normal routine. It was a great weekend!, Jean Lambert MEP, I wish everyone a very happy new year., Jerica Rosenblum and I (and our significant others and kids) had dinner last Saturday night. Afterwards we picked up some beer and proceeded to drink it in my kitchen. We then proceeded to pull out instruments and play tunes. We started with the old ska stuff - "One Love," "Rivers of Babylon," "Sweet & Dandy," etc., then started playing Meph songs. She's such an epically skilled keyboard player who has played many times with Meph since the early days (she was playing horn lines while holding up the backbeat), so it really just sounded phenomenal and the people we were hanging out with were awestruck. (On a side-note, that's one of the things I always really appreciated about Meph tunes - we could play them totally bare bones and they sounded good.), “I always enjoyed just being an accompanist, never a solo artist. But last year I was turning fifty. A friend started pushing me… and I decided to make a CD that touched base with every kind of music that has influenced me as I’ve gone through life.”, I can’t say I was particularly fond of the lace portion. The stitches seems clumsy and it took me several tries to get the first clue right. But that may have just been me. I think the design is really pretty – but I wouldn’t want to knit a ton of it!, Summer vacation doesn't exist for me anymore., The trouble with Madalyn was that she needlessly alienated a whole lot of people, many of them atheists. She saw herself as the epitome of what a self-respecting atheist was supposed to be, and if you had a less confrontative vision, she considered you a coward. Because of her harshness, one of her followers founded The Freedom from Religion Foundation, which is now much larger than American Atheists. Another problem with Madalyn was that when she died, her organization nearly folded. That’s just how it is with personality-dominated groups., Sharing and observing the Feast of Unleavened Bread gives insight on the spiritual truths of the Scriptures and is a healthy reminder to live pleasing to the Lord., I put the huge box out right before lighting candles. Erin just wanted to open her big present even though she had no clue what was inside. I think the Wii went over really well., My daughter wanders into the room and comes towards me. “What are you doing daddy?” she asks., You gave me everything I wanted, except one thing, I still have my passport so I can use it as identification, e-mail me the transfer details and the confirmation number include the amount sent.., “Before, dot, dot, dot? You don’t know?”, Release date: May 30, 2012 (Wednesday), Not only is this book very unique, as I am sure there is only one in existence, but it took me on a journey to locate and find out what happened to the girl who owned this scrapbook. Thinking about this today, I realized I never shared the rest of the story here on my blog. If you'd like to know how the story turned out, come back here on Thursday for Vintage Thingie Thursday and read the (at least to date) last chapter of this treasure hunting experience., But then things start to change. Smythe uses a pair of spectacles to influence his subordinate's minds and when he goes into his office, he moves a painting aside and behind it is a very anachronistic video screen. Lady Jennifer and Carstairs both express a concern for their shared memory loss; Buckingham can't remember where her hospital is and Carstairs can't remember names, dates, or how long he's been there. Is shell-shock the answer, or some kind of German gas that effects the mind? So what we once thought was a pure "historical" story has turned into a sci-fi/historical; with aliens or humans-with-a-greater-intelligence meddling with the history of WWI. What an excellent idea! But where will it go next?, “A comprehensive reform model was not offered by the DOE, which disappoints all who support this important educational institution for the Prospect Heights neighborhood. This is simply unacceptable,” said Council Member James., I’d like to write some more. With this done, maybe in January or February I can tackle the next story and see about bringing it to fruition. I need to finish the NaNoWriMo to see if this method yields results. Writing things sequentially means that the story is building up, and already touching on a few places that I wasn’t ready for. NOT that I’m saying that the story is building up well, or… *mutter* What I mean is, it’s nice to get it out and analyzed outside of my head instead of putting it aside and having it changing when I’m not looking at it. Once it’s written, I can tinker with it until I have to say “No more.”, I expected my muscles to shut down sooner or later during the race due to the climbing and the - more strenuously - downhill running. But they didn't shut down. Must have been the training. I was pleasantly surprised :), Another noteworthy finding from his research are the generally below-average achievements of students with an Islamic background., Once they were out of the oven I then did some Yorkshire pudding. The best method for a successful YP is equal quantities of eggs, flour and milk (in this case 3 eggs ratio) and a very hot oven and a preheated tray with a high burning temperature oil in each section. These can be made well in advance and simply reheated again under a grill (watch they don’t burn), No, glasses will not help her. Amelia's vision problems are neurological. Because there is nothing wrong with the structures of her eyes, there is nothing to correct with lenses. The only thing that may help is wearing reading glasses to help magnify things. Amelia's eyes see things fine, but as the signal travels along the optic nerve, her brain is not receiving the signals properly. We were told to continue to patch her for two hours a day and to call another eye surgeon who can advise us on eye surgery for strabismus (crossed eyes)., Hello, dear reader, if you are still with me. It has been yonks since I last posted. I think I've responded to all the individual e-mails asking where I was (thank you so much for those), but just in case, I thought I'd do a wee post here. My brother was hit by a car nearly a month ago and things were not looking good for a while, so I have been spending a lot of time down in England. Things are much improved now and he is out of hospital and recuperating, but it was very scary at first., “Certainly students are writing to demonstrate knowledge, skills, and application for their instructor; however, a key criterion for many instructors is rhetorical awareness, or how well the writing has been tailored for a specific or “target” audience. Put simply, a writer may effectively entertain, inform, and/or persuade one audience with a particular piece of writing, but that same piece of writing, when presented to a different audience, may fall flat.”, 'The American audience can be quite intense. They are a very receptive and enthusiastic audience.' Presenter Seán Rocks asked her to expand on this, wondering about the differences between audiences. Anne said: 'The Irish audience knows you and wouldn’t want to annoy you with any intensities. The Irish are, (ideally) chopped up pine nuts too (but I didn't have any at the time), We are SO GRATEFUL to them., It is brutal and ruthless, with high rewards for the winners and big losses for the losers and I am sometimes, glad to be out of it. But when I played it, I played it well. John of Gwent is a witness to what I say. Politics for me now, is a walk in the park., the shopping cart, you name it. He has whole-heartedly enjoyed being able to move on his own., I wrote last month that I had asked Dr Whipsnade to invite Paul McCartney to spend some time with my clan in the Congo. I thought that a relaxing sojourn apart from Lady McCartney would refresh Sir Paul’s creative juices and calm his frayed nerves. Little did I expect that my well-intentioned suggestion would have such far-reaching consequences. In all innocence, I had no idea how strained things had become between Paul and Heather. In mitigation, I should point out that Dr Whipsnade went beyond his remit when he visited the McCartney residence. He has since briefed me on the events of that fateful afternoon., Days before the start of the world cup, the gardener of the two frail and unarmed Afrikaner women who were tortured to death on March 6 last your has been found guilty of their violent and sadistic murders by a South African Court., briefly i caught my self cursing the beginning of the week and all the things i need to get done, how it would have been nice to get some more sleep and wake up to a spotless house and a baby with all of her teeth so she wouldn’t be cranky., Now it is a matter of Biblical “fact” that God (or rather, his angels) didn’t find anyone at all worth saving. But at this point, we then need to ask ourselves: what would be the odds of less than ten people in the entire region of Sodom & Gomorrah being heterosexual?, We all relutantly give in., Not to say that there aren’t problems with the service in Korea. The main complaints I’ve heard have been that the employees feel the need to lurk or follow you around while you’re browsing, sometimes pressuring you to buy and getting angry if you don’t. It stands to say that making your customers feel uncomfortable isn’t good for business, even if they do end up buying something., --the glorious time, Kennedy also said, “Let’s go to the Moon, instead of this cold war, to stimulate industry. Let’s develop the poor countries and let’s develop space instead of having this fake Cold War.”, Konstantyn was die man wat die Katolieke kerk, soos ons hom vandag ken, in die lewe geroep het. Geloof, politiek, en heidense gebruike is almal vermeng om die Kerk en die Keiser spesiale magte te gee., blind you to today’s beauty, Pretoria looks set to keep its name, but about 27 street names in the capital will change, according to a report on Friday., I usually end up putting my cake in the freezer for a while to cool down and it helps when you put the frosting on so you don't get crumbs in the frosting., I know I have such a long way to go on my personal journey. But going forward, I really want my focus to be different....I want to take things slow, and realize that it's not about the destination; it's about living in the NOW and making the best possible choices in all aspects of life at every given moment., I mean let’s face it, he’s been in the bottom two almost every week since this season has started, so it didn’t really come as a shock to him. Apparently his samba on Monday didn’t woo the judges enough, an they gave him a total score of 19. Ouch!, Maybe, therefore, it is the pressure to identify too early as belonging to this-or-that sexual orientation - which nowadays seems to be the be-all-and-end-all personal definition - that causes some (I stress, 'some') young homosexuals in the West to take their own lives? If our rather over-indulged society wasn't so obsessed with sex and sexual identity, maybe children and young people wouldn't have to worry so much about those particularly modern Western anxieties like 'losing one's virginity', 'coming out as homosexual', 'being in a sexual relationship', and so on. It may be, then, that it's our overly-sexualised attitude that is contributing to the perceived increase in teen suicides? Maybe we're too keen as a society to force children and young people into sexual situations - whereby 13-year-old girls feel the need to be on the pill (see here) and teenage boys have to pin their hopes on whatever sexual orientation they think they may have?, A much older Roman holiday that falls on April 25th is the Robigalia. (In a Google image-search for Robigalia, the above is what I found–and in absence of anything more certain, why the heck not use that?) Robigalia was a festival in which the sacrifice of a rust-colored dog and several sheep at the sacred grove of Robigo and/or Robigus (the former female, the latter male) in order to bring the plants to full flower and fruit, and to drive away mildew rust from infesting the crops. It’s an agricultural holiday, therefore, and one that doesn’t have an awful lot to do with folks like me–insofar, that is, as I’m not an agriculturalist or someone involved directly in such matters. However, the fact of Robigalia falling on this day was in my mind earlier, and during the last period of sleep I had, I had a dream that sort of re-oriented the holiday for me in a strange sort of way that I’m still trying to parse. The following poem is what I have written to work toward that…, On a day of glorious sunshine the Vikings returned last Saturday to Rothesay Castle. This time the islanders welcomed them as part of a weekend conference and fun day organised by Discover Bute., Whether this “blind eye” approach was anything more sinister than simple incompetence will, hopefully, be addressed by one of the myriad of inquiries which seem to sprouting daily in connection with these matters., 8. Breathless, Jean-Luc Godard, 1960., Combine breadcrumbs, onion mixture, remaining 1 1/2 tsp fajita seasoning, remaining 1/8 tsp salt, tomato paste, turkey, and egg white in a large bowl., Marchese, who has a New York taxi driver license, had been arrested in New Jersey for improper behavior., I've been working my rear end off all summer with no A/C (but like I said in an earlier post, I'm not complaining because I'm just glad I was able to work in my room) decorating and organizing. And I finally got pretty much finished today. (I say pretty much because I have a few things I just can't do until I have my kids names and until I get my Promethean Board!), - there IS a difference between a Schnauzer and a Scottie;, Now onto the card:, With 15 diapers, a large wet bag, a small wet bag, a reusable swim diaper, and a large pack of disposable inserts, we have a cloth diapering system "stash" worth about $300., It's funny how we feel so much but we cannot say a word, …But the child born on the Sabbath Day,, All in all, I really like both of these concealers, they easily compete with much more expensive versions and give full, lasting coverage. Overall though, contrary to the rest of the internet, I prefer the 17 one, it just blends much better with my skin and I can often see the Collection 2000 one sitting on my skin a little, which I’m not really a fan of., Except that the cinema audience saw a man leaving a suitcase under the table shortly before they sat down, and we've been shown that there's a bomb in it., So, unless you’ve been in outer Mongolia or under a rock for the past few months. you would know that the Gauteng province has been under siege from Sanral to register for E-tags to pay the outrageous tolls on Gauteng freeways. There has been nothing in the recent past that has been able to unite the people of this province like the E-toll saga. Across all levels of society, there has been complete outrage against the system and how it has been forced down our throats…, Looking at the little pictures here, remembering the great works that I had so recently wondered at -- it all made me think I hadn't been paying enough attention while we were in the museum. After all, it was the chance of a lifetime, and I had been so casual, strolling around dully as though I could just hop over to Vienna anytime I wanted and see the paintings again., So I don’t need to tell you the problem is a bad one. The question — your question — is what to do about it. Actually we all know what to do about it: eat less sugary foods. The question is how to find the willpower to do this when sugar is everywhere and the emotional strains of life push us so consistently into its orbit., And boots. Boots make anything seem possible., just the pure joy of reading a book?, Place tomato(es) on a baking sheet. Sprinkle the Morton's Nature Seasoning, sparingly. Drizzle a little extra virgin oil over tomato(es)., Anyway, we’re going to bullet and quote the note by Stephane Deo, Justin Knight and Beat Siegenthaler., The writer, I was shocked to find, was the other Alan’s stepniece; she told me she had known him since she was 5. Her letter laid out the family’s relationships — I knew that Alan was estranged — and then concluded on a melancholy note., Sketch Club non-commitment: $27 (plus $7 flat rate shipping, United States), But the truth is, Mei was never alone. Never Once., The script that prompted this perfect question, - suitable for travelling as its light-weight, Colgate Total (4-4.2 oz) $2.75 get $2 ECB (limit 2) Coupon: $1/1 in Diabetes magazine or 75c/1 in 2/12 SS or 50c/1 in 1/29 SS PLUS $1/1 off CVS store coupon in Reinventing Beauty magazine Final Price: as much as a $1.25 money maker, I forgive myself that I’ve accepted and allowed myself to Not assist and support myself and my partner in being aware of my/our breathing to become aware of our voice tonality that it remain constant, clear, here, without reaction., to that aforementioned san diego office., SHD: We haven't heard any good stations yet, but hopefully . . . We're thinking of forming one ourselves, but who knows if it will happen., There has been no yelling in this house for an entire week now. We have had this before, when husband went away on business trips. But he has been home this time. I see him listening before reacting now. What used to be instant rage, is mellow understanding., First I'm showing you my New Year's mani. I wanted to do something different, not just tons of glitter., Not Mark., And if I’m, Enjoy and get ready for "Revolutions Per Minute", it drops in March..., It provides… just the right amount of pressure to perform…, All the PVPs ran really well, and people seemed to take a lot of notice of us. Those purple vests really stand out in a crowd, and we were approached by quite a few people asking about the club. One local fell racing luminary described it as a 'sea of purple'. Damn right. With five runners in the top fifty and strong placings for all the other nine it sort of felt like we were finally announcing our arrival to the regional fell running scene., 6. Grand Bazaar – Istanbul, Turkey, up there with you). -— All, “I might find that a bit hard to believe,” he replied., car driven by a teenager with a driver's permit. Somebody said if you're a, A man with a satchel (European handbag) or a man wearing Capri’s ….. at a Slayer concert ….., It may not be a giant meteor that will destroy this planet, or climate change, it may be the creation of a new species that was genetically engineered in a lab with the nobliest of intentions., It took 12 years but Smith finally released the follow-up to his breakthrough picture. Clerks II picks up 10 years after the original and Dante (O’Halloran) and Randal (Anderson) have become “funployees” at a Mooby’s fast food restaurant. They continue to offend customers and debate anything and everything in addition to teasing their co-workers (Rosario Dawson and Trevor Fehrman). But when Dante announces he will be leaving New Jersey with his fiancée, Randal plans a going away party that no one will ever forget., “Trying too hard?” asked Steve., *Hot glue gun, A former CNN Iraq correspondent suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder says his employers wouldn’t run footage he filmed of what he describes as a war crime by US troops, an Australian news source reports., The only book on the world’s largest tribal court system and Navajo common law, planet — you will not be missed – either as a target or as a thought., for every other encounter.’, the flame of their hearts fashioned out of fire and valour., Opkors! My favorite topic about the two frank and feisty people, but it’d definitely be Alex. Alex is of course, proud of her brown skin, but just so yew guys know… why people represent pure Filipina beauties in Miss Universe if in our showbiz industry, most of our actors are half-white? I’m not really cringing on those things, but ironically, it has to mean that brown skin represents elitism, since if you compete for beauty pageants, it is GLOBAL. GLOBAL = RECOGNIZED WORLDWIDE. So Alex has a point, actually., dry my tears, when I laugh, “He created hysterical headlines about "Muslim inbreeding " with his comments about the health risks of cousin marriages among Pakistanis. The way he spoke about the issue was as though some Frankenstein-like creatures were filling the baby wards in maternity hospitals around Oldham, Bradford, Burnley and Birmingham.”, Still, the multinational Rupert remains as keen as mustard to have his prize, and thus didn’t think twice about inviting Jeremy Hunt to the Newscorp summer bash. The uncaring brass neck of it is amazing, is it not? But even Basil Brush had enough sensitivity to turn that one down., Imagine living in a society governed by fear: fear of the authorities, fear of your fellow citizens’ covert suspicions and overt accusations, fear of having even your most decent human impulses twisted into an unthinkable crime., Medical bills...yikes, but, you know what? Had I been in a country where medical care wasn't excellent, I would have lost my life. I am thankful for good medical care, thankful for a doctor who listened carefully when I knew something just wasn't right, thankful that smart decisions were made and the doctor performing the surgery had skillful hands. We will not lose our home, we will be able to continue to put food on the table, have clothes on our backs. These bills are really just an inconvenience. I'm thankful for the incredibly generous parents who time and time again have shared their treasure with us so that our burden is lighter. I am SO thankful they are a part of our daily lives., embrace this suffocation, Such thought, that in it bound, 01/20/2012 SELL 0.01 audjpy 80.768, A few weeks ago I stumbled upon Polyvore and I want to know where has this site been all my life? I know that it has been around for some time, but I would have loved to have found this site years ago. I guess the good thing is that I have now found it and I cannot wait to start creating different looks., Yesterday's writing:, Go Home, Miss America is currently an incomplete rough draft. Today at lunch (I had a spinach salad, ta awfully) I completed Chapter 6, and I think it's a fine chapter. I'm not sure about the final line but I can delete that. It pulls the story forward, I think, but possibly it does so in a cliche manner and I am expending a great deal of energy avoiding/stamping out cliches in this manuscript. Which, of course, will make it even less marketable but one can't stop sacrificing for one's art, can one? No, one can't. Or shouldn't., which could be said in any words she knows, I had intended on wearing the dress out of these tees to my Buddy's work party, since they were from last year's party. When St Paddy's Day came and went, the work party actually was postponed for various reasons to this May. So, putting off the dress wasn't a complete loss of plans: I had a couple of months to get something together., Maybe one day, long ago, the American public as a whole was more shielded from the process and the folks elected to lead could lead. Now, there's such a divide, and there are so many loud voices convincing people of whatever is in the interests of the actors spouting whatever makes them rich, that we end up with so much turnover nothing can ever truly be accomplished. We live in a country of perpetual agitation., build your home on fickle counsel that’s constantly changing with the senses, The place needs help., One of the most asked questions on TTCAL is "How do I know if my OPK is positive or negative?". It can be hard to tell sometimes. Hopefully this blog post can help clear up any confusion and make your TTCAL journey a little easier., Years later, I got back to it (about at most, 3 months ago). Except I didn't feel like continuing the progress I made before; I barely remembered what happened, plus I missed a lot of stuff in my first playthrough. Going through it all again was a lot of fun, and as I finally beat Quarantine, I noticed it mentioned save data that could transferred. What? But... wasn't Quarantine the last in the game?, And all I’ve had the chance, Why?, Well, of course Chelsea Quinn Yarbro’s magnificent Count Saint-Germain, as well as her female vampire character Atta Olivia Clemens, who has her own three-book series, definitely made me think about the missing scenes in most vampire tales—and made me want to fill those in., But times have changed and so have the choices., 9 - a great week at the beach seeing old friends, Is back to the start, pay for muddying our grass, We had won. Or so, we thought. The calls started pouring in. Every door had the same thing happen. The guy is a sadist punk, messing with people's airways for fun. Many people are upset. I was asked by a disabled man to "teach that sucker a lesson", but I do not use violence to enforce what I may think is 'right'. I could have easily just opened the door while he was across from it, and crushed him a bit, but I knew that the negative action would only stick with me., I'm doing another free distant energy healing session for all my Facebook friends and their friends. The main healing session will be on Wednesday Feb 3, 2010 from 7-8pm Pacific Time or California Time (10-11pm EST)., Best Actress RUTH WILSON for Anna Christie at the Donmar Warehouse, Jackson-Burch could not be reached for comment. A spokeswoman for the Citrus County School District said all executives were in a meeting, and none returned a call for comment., It is so great to be back with you here at The Open Window., “Let there be light”, You can't leave it out., Most of the time, you will see blogs about someone’s day to day life., The objective of my talk is to present the wax collage work of contemporary painters, sculptors, bookmakers and printmakers whose singular expression transcends both encaustic and collage., There you have it. Our Monthly update. That's a bit late but... hey.... late is better than never, right?, As a Mysorean and a train passenger between Mysore and Bangalore for more than 25 years, as one who is aware of this rail segment’s history, understand its needs and track the progress of the infrastructure, my belief is we definitely don’t need the bullet train., She was up at the top of the Eiffel Tower when troops came in and evacuated it a while back. The train station was evacuated while she was sitting, waiting for a train to Dijon. Looks like there was something in her row. Everyone scurried outside. And now she is stuck at the Charles deGaulle airport., Mandatory:, Let it fall on my face as I lift my hands toward the sky and just be...Be Still. Be Still., Back in 1984, Vickie Hutchins and Jo Ann Martin were next-door neighbors raising their families in Delaware, Ohio. They were two moms with small children looking for a way to do what they loved and stay home with the kids too. They shared a love of home cooking and making memories with family & friends. After many a conversation over the backyard fence, Gooseberry Patch was born., The rocky landscape looked like dark blue rock. Kostya’s shoulder lamps swept over large black crystalline stone, protruding out of the ground. Their lights broke into an array of blue hues as they passed through them. Everywhere they turned, the rocks covered the peaks., As for the short-termists who have just come along for a scrap - they don’t care about fighting militant Islam and the implantation of sharia law. They just want a fight. Do these people honestly think that some tiny and local scraps with UAF/SWP and even the police are going to destroy the might and propaganda of millions of Islamists and their far-left enablers?, During our initial consult, the vision for the various spaces was shared with me. The client's plan was well thought out in terms of the function, but required cohesion and a plan in terms of decor. An already established color palette was a starting point, but beyond that we needed inspiration for the interconnected spaces. With hardwood floors throughout (except for the tile in the sunroom), the obvious place to begin was with floor coverings., This was the first time in our history that men began to openly question the ideas laid forth in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution., 1426 D-V/18/2002. “Bishop Tikhon and the Soul of Stravrogin: A Cautious Way In as the Safest ‘Way Out.’” Seminar, Lenoir-Rhyne College Hickory Humanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina., The press conference will take place at Comerica Park in Detroit, beginning at 10:30 a.m. ET. It will be carried live on NHL Network and NHL.com. The event will continue at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor, Mich., We wanted to try it out to see if it works, so I put in a rechargeable battery., A lost note long played, One day at a time well i know i will carry on, So I decided it started then and there. Healthy eating and exercising, water, loving myself, they all deserve to be priorities., Sadly, my decent digital camera has recently gone on the fritz, so, for the trip, I was forced to rely on our very old (and cheap, even 3-4 years ago) digital camera that I had given to the OG., Thanks to everyone who understands this important message. Again, a big thank you to STARS at Ohio University for this very important campaign. Also, read this newspaper article by Kristine Bui at Arizona University. She gives an important point on why certain Halloween costumes are so disturbing:, Marjoe Gortner as Akton, In any event, we spent most of Tuesday on the beach. Since the sun set over the ocean, most people hung out on the beach until 6:00 p.m. sharp before heading to their rooms to shower for dinner and we were no exception. We only showered and slept in our room. Naps were taken on the beach, at the pool, or in the hammock on our porch so we were pretty much beach bums the entire week!, I am not an extrovert, by any stretch of the imagination. I love hanging out with my friends and being in their presence, as I care for them deeply. But I won’t call someone up just because I don’t want to eat alone. Usually I’m not up for small talk or chatter., all our good deeds are like polluted rags;, Back in June 2006, IPG paid under $5 million when it made its initial investment in Facebook. Facebook agreed to sell the shares to IPG in exchange for IPG agreeing to spend $10 million with Facebook for clients of its agencies., Until tomorrow, greetings from:, Thorn knew that this man was holding something back. He was still guarded, salt to taste (if using chicken stock, you may not need any salt), I am working long days now and I have more time to scrap and craft so I am really pleased., A Boeing 747-400 passenger jet can hold 416 passengers. This blog was viewed about 2,400 times in 2010. That’s about 6 full 747s., What aren’t these players and coaches getting? Is it not clear that the headshots—”kill shots”—have an effect on not just the player on the receiving end, but the defensive player who lands the hit as well? All three of the men mentioned above played on the defensive side of the ball. They were the ones making the big hits., Sam trades Monkeypus for a Real Live Girl (we assume an embryo in a box), which, after talking to his friend, the Blueberry Pirate (Joshua Taylor), he decides to take to Jupiter for more trading. Jupiter, by the way, is now a mining colony run by Lee Vilensky (Peter McRobbie channeling Robert McNamera), who rewards his workers with shows from The Boy Who Actually Saw a Women’s Breast (Gregory Russell Cook, who “gets to” wear a great costume: “It was round and soft”). Sam convinces Vilensky to trade him The Boy for the Real Live Girl. He succeeds and jets off, intending to trade The Boy on Venus for the recently deceased King. Since only women inhabit Venus, they keep a stud male around to keep the gene pool from stagnating. The former stud has died and his wealthy family on Earth is willing to pay handsomely for the return of his body. Sam and The Boy get held up along the way to Venus, however, when they run into a flying barn in space. After a quick discussion with the barn’s inhabitants (silver miners from Nevada who accidentally gained super intelligence), Sam agrees to take a boy (who wears a bodysuit and is ignorant) back to Earth with him in exchange for chocolate and cigarettes., A post for ‘I Wish I didn’t have aspergers’, To serve, spread out the salt and chaat masala on a plate. Rim the glasses with a mixture of chaat masala and coarse sea salt., WITH curly red hair and a cheeky smile, Little Orphan Annie will be hitting the Brisbane stage next week., like any other student at Brushwood High, awaits the start of the school year with a certain measure of dread. Worse, she is being threatened by a voice that only she can hear—a voice that lurks at the edges of her awareness, haunting her and warning her of something unknown. She has always been able to count on her two best friends,, We could say, walk towards the light. This is a much better indicator of doing the right things than any head counting could be., 29) Quay Restaurant (Sydney, Australia), With the death of my dear husband, Edward, I am starting a "new beginning". I miss my loved companion very much, but my life has to go on. The hardest thing of this journey is knowing that what I create in the future, he will know longer be by my side to critique my art. They say, and I have to agree, that a person is hardest on themselves in critiquing their own artwork, so hopefully I will be able to not be so judgmental of my own., Painted face not proud of., Rollins, Tonight toward the end of putting Rowan to bed, as thought sought after thought, I worried: Everything I can do for this little boy has to do with modeling. Somehow the better human being I am, the better being he'll become. Model good eating and outdoor habits, calm, attention. Oh no, but today I didn't model anything crafty. I didn't write in my journal (which I have never ever managed to consistently do anyway)., Friday in a week in which I work on Saturday., And if I ever make it onto the real bachelor…I will be the one breathing in & out of the brown paper bag & mumbling…..but I LOVE him!, There is something about Girls, however. For all its specificity about a certain demographic of New York, there’s a universality to it. Everyone who comes out of college goes through the same thing, the same ennui, the same self-absorbed soul-searching. More so now than ever before. So there is something zeitgeisty about this show which can only help it be successful., "Are you interested in (insert item here - Tee-hee!)?", Here is a nice update thanks to a kind soul that follows TSM:, As far as I’m concerned, a raisin is a poor man’s chocolate chip when it comes to an oatmeal cookie (and maybe everything else). I grew up eating my grandma’s cowboy cookie recipe, which my mother invariably burnt every time. However, dunked in ice-cold 2-percent, crispy chocolate-chip oatmeal cookies became sublimely soggy and the Hershey’s bittersweet chips made my little heart beat a little faster., Dear Heavenly Father, I thank You for the new life in Christ; thank You for making me a new creation in Christ Jesus; now I know that everything that’s not consistent with the new creation life has completely passed away from my life, and all things have become new! Thank You for granting me the life and nature of righteousness, and for ushering me into the supernatural life of victory, having begotten me through Your Spirit, by the Word; in Jesus Christ Name Amen!, The last couple of days the number of people reading this blog has increased very much., According to reports, deputies didn't believe Anthony Fernandez's claim that someone else was behind the wheel. They arrested the 49-year-old Key West man on charges of fleeing and eluding police, running a red light, speeding and driving with a suspended license., The moment he drove in, I met him. “Vernon was killed.” He collapsed over his steering wheel and started shaking. “The doctor wants us to go immediately to the hospital to identify his body.”, After listening to Jay Asher talk about how many students, parents, and teachers thank him for writing 13 Reasons Why, I can't believe people don't understand the power of YA fiction., The great big trees didn't seem to care;, The U.S. Marine Corps’ Black Sea Rotational Force posted on its Facebook account (and to date nowhere else) that its six-month rotation for this year will “build enduring partnerships with 19 nations throughout Eastern Europe.” More accurately, as the Marine program formed two years ago identifies as its mission, in “the Black Sea, Balkan and Caucasus regions.”, So you have to keep coming back!, "Sadly, life is filled with people who, to put it bluntly, are assholes. People who treat others poorly. Bullies. People who don't seem to realize that working respectfully with others is even an option. You can (and will) definitely find those people in school. But, even if you never set foot in a school, you'll still find those people. The whole thing with living and learning in the real world is that, well, you tend to run into the things commonly found in, you know, the real world." September, So now I need to come up with business goals for June. Here's what I'm proposing:, -You are so mischievous!, Eventually, he was able to eat dinner at the table politely. He went back into the self-loathing after dinner and I scooped him up and carried him to the recliner (and let me tell you, he is a little small for his age but my days of being able to pull that off are numbered!) and I rocked him in the recliner. I didn't say much at first, just more "I love you. You are beautiful to me" stuff. Eventually I thought he was at a place where we could talk about it a little more deeply, so I reminded him of the attachment cycle we have been studying. I reminded him he was born perfect and beautiful and healthy. And that when he was very very little, before he even remembers, he started to believe he was bad, he started to believe he was no good. (at which point he said "It's true!!!") and I said no, it's not true. I am telling you the truth. You have believed those things your whole life, and it is hard to let go of things you have believed that long, even if they are lies. But the truth is you were born perfect, and I think you still are., however, many who were fortunate enough to experience, And what a fun coincidence that the canister matches my new walls! You know what else matches? Everything in my shower. Yup - my shampoo, conditioner, body wash, body puff, shave gel AND razor are all shades of pink and purple. I swear this was not planned - but I do wonder if I was unconsciously influenced?, 1. Boys can sit in front of a scary movie and not close their eyes once., "Crisis situation" is "crisis", I appreciate you reading my post and would love it if you left a message to say you've popped by or if you have any feedback., I love the city and the country, prefer the city but the country does have its perks. The sky here is phenomenal, there are woods that I can go into and sit on a fallen tree to write, I can walk to the edge of our property and sit down to look at the cows, or go out to the old log cabin and lay in the grass. A notebook is much more transportable than a computer, especially if running through the woods. There is also a whole bunch of frogs here (I think they are frogs) and all they do, except for when it is raining for some reason, is chirp and croak. Seriously, they drown out the coyote howls at night. So I had a constant chorus around me, and could see the chickadees!, A definition, Set design and player selection: 9/10 I like the fronts, especially thanks to the players in their college unis. The backs include their college stats, which is also cool. Simple, but high quality. 11/10 for the helmet autographs, but minus a couple of points for the boring relics and meh players., Traditionally a French baguette is used to top the soup, but I'm far from traditional and hence the ciabatta :), Mini Speaker Guide – Enjoy Music on Your iPod With Quality Powered Speakers, Deschutes Chainbreaker White IPA pours a cloudy light yellow color, with a whispy head of white foam. There is plenty of citrus aroma in this beer. The flavor shows the wheat, with spice and citrus running through the drink. Light, yet memorable., If you do I guarantee you won’t share it “later”., I fell in love with each of the characters, and I can’t wait for the next book and the next mystery. The story pulled me along and I could not stop turning the pages. (I even brought it to work with me to read on break.) Aside from telling a spectacular story, this book made me think of some areas of my own writing that could use some refining., Huge grassy smell. So much so that there's not much else to the smell. It smells a bit like a Bigfoot without the malt., To Kanada till I absorb Kanada in myself, to Michigan then,, On the other end, Haze has vowed not to overprice this year! “The first time I’m willing to love someone without guarantees of being loved back.” To let down her guard and to take a risk., And can I just say, people, I know it's early. Or late. However you want to look at it. But honestly, bathe. There is absolutely NO excuse to go out in public smelling like that. None. Ever. But especially not when I'm going to be standing in line with you., "...all photographs are about death, really, and time: about preserving a moment in silver and chemicals, when life itself is never preserved, when every cell of everything is already decaying, and being replaced, and decaying again. The subject and the image co-exist for the moment that the shutter opens and closes. And then the subject decays but the image lives on unchanged.", Once they announced that 1st class passengers could board, we went on! We found our seats and got comfy and started to drink! We weren't necessarily trying to get drunk, just taking the edge off! We both started with a bloody mary (which was mostly vodka). Once we were in the air we both got a Mojito, which was even stronger than the 1st drink. Mr. 2SB had one more drink after lunch (I had a greek chicken salad and he had a rueben sandwhich). He took a nap and I started watching Bride Wars., One good punch could level this building and send Pythagoras falling down with it. In about thirty seconds, I could turn this whole city block into a smoking crater. It’s nothing I would ever do, naturally, but those facts flash across my mind as he makes his request., EDITOR: Compound?, Cover & Title: ”Crossed” could have several connotations based on the contents of the novel. I love the set of the three covers as a whole. The cover for Matched is stunning and attracted me to the book in the first place. The significance of green, blue, and red is also very important. I have no clue why they chose that particular pose for the model on the cover of Crossed, though. It looks like something out of an extremely unnatural yoga session…, There was a wooden desk piled up with old tomes and several artefacts were scattered around the room. Danni couldn’t make sense of them. The tiny room was dull and plain, lit only by candles but the artefacts were piled up in every spare inch of the room, bizarre and very alien to her., To the remaining two-thirds, add the melted choco-chips and coffee brew. Mix together till you get a creamy texture. This is the filling., The Bad: Seeds remain viable in the soil for years. The spines are everywhere on the plant, particularly brutal when they dry out in summer. As I am typing this I have itchy red pinpricks up and down my arms and legs even though I wore long sleeves while yanking them., All the madness that occurs, I was unhappy with my performance during last year’s marathon (my first). Although I finished, I walked a good deal between miles 18 and 24. I wasn’t walking because I was out of breath. I was walking because I was out of energy (despite frequent infusions of Gu). Not only did my legs feel heavy, my inner and outer thighs and lower back ached. When I did run, it was a hunched over, head-down shuffle. I felt that I could have trained for a better performance., For some reason I feel really sleepy and tired throughout the day, even though I have been sleeping properly. Yesterday morning I fell asleep three times while having my breakfast (as in, I suddenly started awake with half-chewed food in my mouth!) I slept as much as I could today and it made some difference...Maybe I'll perk up completely after I have my coffee., It is such a joy to watch her take on life with so much zest. At her age she is one of the most daring mothers I have come across. Always ready to try and do something new. She even enrolled herself in a Spanish language course lest her wanderlust should take her to the land of Flamenco dancers., We are so thrilled that you all our jumping on board with the backpacks for the orphaned street kids being taken with the International Voice of the Orphan June 2012 GO Team., Finally don't forget to buy your garlic, I have ordered Lautrec Wight and Sicilian Red, both are Autumn planting and should store well. I love knowing that even on the coldest and darkest days there is something slowly growing beneath the soil., Again, from Sott.net. their own post by Timothy C.Trepanier., Sam’s story is that he used to be a Cessationist. He went to school at Dallas, which is totally Cessationist. He even argued against the Charistmatic point of view. One of the things that really caused him to rethink his view was reading D.A. Carson’s book Showing the Spirit. The book tore down the arguments he had been using for Cessationism. Over time, other things happened like re-engagement with Jack Deere. Then he went to a prophecy meeting, and the man who prophesied about him, knew details that only God would know from Sam’s prayers, and they came true. But this wasn’t the only experience he had. Overtime God pulled him toward being a Charismatic, but his wife took a little longer, but eventually she came to believe as she started experiencing the Spirit moving in the Charismatic way. At first she thought he went off the deep end because he had taught her in the cessationist view. He accumulated a better relationship with God, freedom, joy, a new dimention of intimacy with His relationship with God. He wrote a full bio in a book called, City had scored 12 goals in three matches prior to this fixture and as a result Roberto Mancini opted to stick with the side that had relegated Wolves eight days earlier. That meant that Carlos Tevez faced his former club alongside Sergio Aguero in attack, with David Silva and Samir Nasri in support., Reports from insiders suggest that when told that Disney were Mardy, Narky, Lairy, Bolshy, Stroppy, Tetchy and Snoop Doggy over the whole affair, Arsene responded that he was pleased that they were updating the story but he really didn’t care what the Seven Dwarfs thought of his decision., . I really had to use a lot of glue and pressure to get the green piece to stick to the gold because it was buckled from the watered down ink. Here's my trick. After glue it down well, I flip it over onto a clean piece of paper and use a clean wooden roller and roll over a few times pressing down quite hard. That is the only thing I use this wooden roller for - I picked it up at a thrift store so I have no idea what brand it is but it works great. Any hard roller would do., There are a number of political dramas being played out across the EU. The first being closer integration of a core of EU countries. Behind closed doors I'm pretty sure its acknowledged that some countries will leave the Euro and things have moved on to political positioning to be top dog of the smaller core Euro zone. Despite talking of repatriating power back to the UK Parliament, David Cameron is negotiating exactly the opposite. He wants to be fully integrated, paid up member of what will effectively become the EU's equivalent of the UN security council. A core bloc of countries that will control, manage and police the outlying EU countries., All this has taken Borg from curiosity to celebrity. The Financial Times recently declared him the most effective finance minister in Europe. When we meet in his Stockholm office on a Friday afternoon (he and his aide seem to be the only two left in the building) he says he is just carrying on 20 years of reform. ‘Sweden was a textbook case of European economic sclerosis. Very high taxes and huge regulatory burden.’ An economic crisis in the early 1990s forced Sweden on the road to balanced budgets, and Borg was determined the 2007 crash would not stop him cutting the size of government., Nifty opened weak and remained under selling pressure for the entire session to conclude the day with a loss of 48 points at 5194. Amongst the sectoral indices the BSE FMCG and HC indices were the outperformers whereas BSE CD index lost the most., Phreak: Not everyone wants to build AP, Xyph. Some of us want Trinity Forces., I have had my life changed by a new person, whom I still look at and periodically marvel and the fact I managed to keep another human being alive for an entire year. Unbelievable., 5. surround yourself with good people who love jesus – people who can speak into your life, people who you’re mates with and people you can speak into, “Some lessons can’t be taught. They must be lived to be understood” Elektra 2005, And guess what? Stamping Scrapping will price match. If you find a lower price, place the link to where you found it at in the comment section of the order form at Stamping Scrapping and they will immediately refund the difference after you place your order. How can you go wrong?, Perhaps the nastiest of all trends, on-disk DLC is when publishers offer “downloadable content” that has actually been included on the game’s disk. Once again, publishers are locking away content that has already been paid for. This offence ranks above the rest because, unlike online passes, publishers aren’t spiting a group of people. This is not an act of anger or frustration. Publishers, like Capcom, claim that there is simply no difference between on-disk DLC and regular DLC. As a result, groups of gamers have started to protest Capcom, along with other main offenders. Cliffy Bleszinski, design director at Epic Games, sheds some light on the morality behind on-disk DLC, labelling it as an “ugly truth” in our beloved industry. In my opinion, if publishers want to lock away on-disk content, the price of the game should be lowered., To say that an era passed when Bernie Boyle died would be a cliché, and yet…, Zero continued to stare at the floor. He felt ashamed of himself. Of what he was. He took a deep breath., For the Mini Tartlets, line the min muffin tin with baking cups, and press the cookie crumbs in the bottom of the muffin tin, and press down with spoon. Spoon filling, over prepared cups, and top with cookie crumbs., So she is driving from Idaho to Wyoming again today to bring the right ones and pick up the wrong ones. Kid #3 puked his guts out on the way home. Fortunately, I was able to pull over in time. It started to snow on the way home. Lovely. I started to have a nasty hacking cough. I pulled something in my back. My dog ran off during the thunderstorm while I was gone. Bah humbug. Halloween, Go away., Masing defended himself in the pages of the Borneo Post, having meekly declined an invitation to speak at a political forum entitled “Who is the Boss?”, Now note the use of the scare word "likely", despite the fact its based on meaningless units. Its likely that one day Don may discover that he has a pointless job, develop a backbone and leave the public teat for a real job in the private sector. Ok, not very likely but it might happen if his beloved Labour lose and your tax money is not mis-used to fund puritanical lobby groups., Yet I suspected that was not the usual case. So I analyzed traffic to this site, and found that less than 1% of you reading this came because you were searching for a recording I have posted. Chances are, you are coming here to glean a near-CD quality recording of an album, and perhaps an artist, new to you. Therefore as I continue digitizing my vinyl collection, unless I have seen a high bit rate copy posted on another blog recently, I'll post my records for you, with due respect to other bloggers that have similar tastes and longer history., It's no surprise that the sour beers of Flanders are on the endangered species list. Very few make authentic sour red (or red/brown) ales, and none make them the way Rodenbach does. (De Struise, though it makes a tiny amount, produces a totally traditional, wood-aged sour called Aardmonnik that gives me hope--it's authentic and an exceptionally good, complex beer.) It is almost impossible to imagine any brewery will join Rodenbach in the near term, either. If we could designate breweries "world heritage" sites that could somehow never fail because of commercial pressures, I'd put Rodenbach at the front of the list. In the world of beer, there's nothing like it, and we are fortunate indeed it has survived the vagaries of wars, depressions, and modernization. If you haven't had a bottle recently, go find one and remind yourself what a remarkable beer it is., From Dunkirk to Peronne,, I hope you'll check out some of these great resources and find them as useful as I have!, Another helpful tip is that when you’re cutting a softer cheese like mozzarella, put it in the freezer for about five-ten minutes. It makes it so much easier to cut, but make sure you don’t forget about it! I always put it in the freezer when I start the cutlets on the stove, and then take it out when the chicken is browned., And so, while I will always remain polite, I will never again fall into that trap., "GASTON" (BEAUTY AND THE BEAST) (Menken/Ashman), Libreville, recorded again in two extended sessions between August and December 1982 at Bootleg Studio was more or. The band was now performing frequently around Manchester and London. The material on Libreville was more focused and less reliant on chance occurrence with the ten minute funk-bass driven First Use All The G's a stand out. Aaircare proved a particular favourite with live audiences. Although recorded for New Hormones as ORG 26, the album was eventually released on Paragon after New Hormones ran out of money., Additionally, as I was getting started, I made a number of decisions about where the book was going to go. I had been a high school English teacher for about a decade, and, while my main area of expertise was the teaching of writing, specifically creative writing, I whole-heartedly enjoyed reading and teaching the classics: Melville, Shakespeare, Hemingway and the like. I loved how classic authors could take an often simple story and layer it with allegory so that everything represented not only itself, but an entire higher plane of story that was comprised of allusions, themes and symbols., The Fed can’t lower interest rates below the zero they are at today. The more money the Fed prints, the greater the risk of inflation, and the higher long-term interest rates will eventually move, stifling the economy., without, The ferry is provided by the Yukon Government at no cost to travelers. I guess it's cheaper to run the ferry than to build a bridge? Anyway, it can hold maybe 6 passenger vehicles at a time, or one little Trek motor home and 2 or 3 cars., 6) Network more with other writers., I think about how he was the first of four kids. How his siblings arrived after him, the first one when he was only 15 months old, the other two in rapidfire progression soon after., It really is the Best Medicine., It is unfortunate that the DOJ decided to use the stories of a few sensationalize the process of the Consent Decree negotiations that the DOJ is trying to force upon the Sheriff’s Office, Gusman said. I am also disappointed that the DOJ chose to share their sensationalized comments with the press before they presented them to our office., There are too many to thank, so if you are reading this and are familiar with the efforts since 2006 of the elders of El Calaboz to retain customary and traditional rights to the lands in El Calaboz Rancheria, and you have been supporting this effort, then... at some point along the way you came to respond to this collective work even on your very busy path. You have helped us to support the wishes of the elders of El Calaboz in their legal, spiritual, political and social movement. El Calaboz Rancheria has a long and consistent history of indigenous peoples taking up issues of injustice, and the periodic rise of state violence in their lands., Grazing animals require nutrients for maintenance energy needs, growth and development, milk production and fetal growth and development. The challenge of the livestock manager is to leave enough pasture forage after grazing to maintain some leaf tissue for light interception to generate energy for above- and below-ground growth., Lost and uncertain., And last but not least: MYSTIQUE by my fabulous crit partner Shari Arnold. A book about resurrection. I loved it and I'm sure you will too!, Each time I do a cover critique, I challenge myself to find covers that are more soul-scarring, disturbing, or ridiculous than the last set and I often worry I won't be able to top the week prior in those particular areas. This week I really needn't have worried. I believe the crotch o'flame was pretty memorable a couple weeks ago, but the ones I have today I think will haunt most of you for the remainder of your lives. No thank you necessary my friends, I do this out of the goodness of my heart because I find such fulfillment in sharing snort-inducing images with all of you ;-), “And you betrayed me!” Kayla blatantly accused. “You lied to me!”, In Bangaluru and Mumbai, it was the love and dedication of our volunteers that made our events such a darling of the people and the media., I am thinking...that I *should* eliminate the word 'should' from my vocabulary., I received an email from an ex boyfriend the other day saying that he’d just watched The Artist. He’s one of those guys who feels no remorse when it comes to watching pirated films; I think secretly he is a bit of a pirate because he drinks rum too. I’ve adjusted my position on piracy since the advent of those annoying adverts. Piracy does not fund organised crime or terrorists; FACT. And FYI I would steal a handbag, a car and candy from a baby., We met with the surgeon, who did awesome due diligence and had the skin sample retested not once, but twice. The results came back, different. Turns out it was atypical spitz nevis. This was hugely good news. While still a tumor, it meant it wasn’t cancerous. Surgery was still on, but the weight on our shoulders was slightly lessened., 6. The paper towels will probably be a bit wet still, so just let them dry before you stick them up on your wall., The wife and her two sisters, with pure white stars, *Holding tightly onto the glass which I had yet to hand over to 'She Who Needs A Good Arse Whooping', the sudden urge to violently break the vessel and lacerate Ophelia's porcelain like throat with the jagged edges, finally reached a crescendo* "SPAWWWWWWWN!", s) How do you deal with anger, sadness, external/internal conflict, change, loss, jealousy, hurt, ect…?, heather@uncovercolombia, The contract, signed at the London Book Fair in April, has received worldwide media attention:, Apparently the police will not be consulted over their views on the proposals, and no equality impact assessement of the scheme has yet been made., Anaru: Oh! Not that name!, Almost one year has passed since she passed away of a breast cancer recurrence., Bottega ZinZanni also starred the amazing, the legendary and the elegant Liliane Montevecchi. In her second Seattle run, La Montevecchi played the role of Dina Monte, a legendary Parisian fashion designer who believes that fashion is how you tell the world who you are. “Fashion is not something you put on, darling, but a lifestyle! Everybody can be fabulous!”, Now, up to now my plan went all right, So with that said, today, Labor Day I fear we will be laboring with clean up. I am still hurting enough that I probably be much help but I'll do what I can. Township is suppose to come and help with the clean up.....here it is 1:30 and no sign of them yet., I finally transferred all the photos off of my camera after, oh, months of not doing so! Hey, at least you get the occasional blog post. I don't remember when I made this, but I remember it being amazing. How can anything in a ramekin (with lots of cheese) be bad?, Not all ethnically related violence is genocide, though sometimes people speak as if it were. And sometimes people use “genocide” as if it were not ethnic violence at all. All killing of other human beings is evil, but not all killing of other human beings is genocide. And so it is good to be reminded of what genocide really means., the crust of the Earth is far below,, SwampHead Brewery Midnight Oil Stout, I was on my knees with a small sponge brush painting each tile with sealer. We then grouted all the tile seams(((can I say...HUGE MUCKY MESS)))...scrubbed the whole floor...TWICE. Then I again painted each tile with sealer...are you tired yet? I was! I didn't even mention all the tile cuts you have to make. All in all I am completely in love with my new slate floor...I have to say that I didn't take into consideration how much work it would be for hubby and I...would I do it again...maybe...a big maybe. But the best part is we saved about $5000.00 to $6000.00 by doing it ourselves. Professionals charge exorbitant amounts to lay this type of floor just because it is so labor and time intensive., also they won't make a mess in the front entry, As Mr. V put it, my dad doesn't know how to cook for less than 50 people., SIPDIS, This week Crafty Sentiments Designs is providing the above prize to some lucky participant!!! So jump right in and join in with us!!!, Freebooking is all about the results AFTER the book is no longer free. If the book is the first in a series, hopefully you've linked to the next book or to a newsletter signup. In my case, I regret I did not have a newsletter to link to at the time Spoil of War went free. I did, however, provide a link to my blogs and I included a few sample pages from SECTOR C, along with a link to Amazon.com for it and for the Extinct anthology. Not ideal, but the purpose is to offer something more of your writing., “And give me a goddamn break!” I fumed. “Jesus!” I just about shouted, but I quickly calmed myself down. “Since we’re on the subject of job searching. . .have you found a job yet?”, Dad got a Croquet mallet to use as his masthead. Then he started circling around the bully, saying, "Toot toot! Toot toot!" After he circled a couple of times, Dad got behind the bully and whacked him right on the head with the Croquet mallet and knocked his ass out. TKO. Then he put the Croquet mallet down the bully's pants so that when he came to he couldn't get up and run right after him and Dad took off for safety., This week is spring break for my little ones, so I’m going to shake things up here at the blog in order to spend some extra time with them. I follow a blog called Gracefull Women where Julie Moore posts an occasional One Minute Devotional., As in, fourteen more days until Christmas., We just got back into DC last night after spending the last 8 days schlepping from DC to Ohio to San Diego to San Francisco back to Ohio and then finally home., Breakdown means COLLAPSE, breaking means, separate into pieces, other words are; smash, split, splinter, divide, CRACK., Unfortunately, as a child, I was unaware that one was not to converse out loud with the voices in their head. 6 psychologists (some of those people really need help) and various medications later we learned to hide the error of our ways, for the most part., As extreme an example as this is, it is not far from our own penchant for sin. We are surrounded by temptation and often succumb. Our "hidden lives" are in opposition to the life we present for public view. What begins as a small diversion can grow to proportions seemingly uncontrollable and engulfing. In the day-to-day realities of business and work there are lies, cheating, stealing, deceit, greed and broken trust, even among those called by Christ. It's as if we say, day after day, "this is business, not personal," implying a separation of holiness from the mundane realities of the lives of the laity., Alright folks, the April Carnival of Pen, Pencil and Paper has arrived! If you haven't seen some of these blogs before, you may want to add them to your favorites and check out their archives., like me, and you're going to see the Midnight showing,, Once again another Lovell's Day celebration has come and gone. It's always a good time with lots of traditions. The last full week of June is the X that marks the spot. As usual, we had our good friends the Poague's stay with us for the week and that's always a good time. However, Matt and I were both under the weather and weren't much fun. In fact we didn't even make it to all our usual "stops"!!, He told us all about his books and where some of the ideas came from and afterwards we queued for nearly an hour to get his signature. Here is Steve trying to shoot my youngest son, Joe, with the space ray gun Silly Scott made:, Roger Nichols & The Small Circle Of Friends- The Drifter, On Saturday whilst I should have been catching up with my beauty sleep I was hot footing it to Borough to tout my wares at Sainsbury's Great British Beer Hunt. I don't know many brewers entered the competition but only eight or nine companies turned up at the promotional event. I was a little apprehensive as I'd heard there were going to be 200 punters for the tasting and I was expecting something like when the wrong door gets opened in a zombie film and a shambling mob lurches in., If you have any further questions, please feel free to ask., So I started trying to convince her to go out with me tonight. Nada. I even offered her money upfront hehehehe…Those daggers! Ngai!, Mbeki, the Southern African Development Community's mediator in Zimbabwe, in May last year tasked six retired generals to assess the extent of the army's involvement in the political crisis., now I don’t know where this voice came from even though it sounded like me, maybe the failures have taken their toll and I’m delirious but this voice had a point. Why should I give up?, Polunsky Unit/Death Row, Livingstion, TX, Too many of our current politicians are people who are too respectable and too moderate; people who are afraid to upset anyone; people who follow the crowd rather than challenge people to think about alternative routes., some re-dos...and now it seems to have finally, "I was hoping you'd call," she said as she shared what decisions she had made., “Here north of Lubbock we’re cotton & grain so we can move easily how much we plant of cotton, corn and sorghum. I’ll be planting more cotton and expect that as you move north toward Amarillo there will be a greater movement into cotton,” Evans said. The winter provided good moisture on the High Plains and good weather now has lots of people doing field work. He adds that he looks forward to seeing more producers next week at the Plains Cotton Growers annual meeting., The Pro-Active Weapon Management System was developed to assist companies with the cost effective management of their firearm systems. Its core function focuses specifically on accountability. It was presented to the procurement sections of the SA Police and SANDF a number of years ago as a workable and cost-effective solution to the problem of weapon management in State departments, but the creators and marketers of the system were shoved around back and forth so many times that they eventually stopped marketing the product., 14-Reconsider Baby, Our focus verse for the Say It With Scripture Challenge at the Sweet 'n Sassy Connection is 2 Corinthians 5:17, "Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away: behold, all things are become new." Last week we talked about how our music should change once we've accepted Christ as Saviour. This verse tells us that the changes should not stop with just our music. Old things are to pass away and ALL things are become new. This means those old attitudes, actions, vocabulary and ways of thinking need to change. Depending on the person, it may require a change of wardrobe, viewing habits and how we interact with others. WHY do we need to change? Because we are a NEW creature in Christ. We are not the same as we used to be and we now wear the name of Christ. People should be able to see a difference in our lives; we should not look, act, sound or react like an unbeliever. This week, let's each take a look an inward look and ask the Lord to show us areas where we're allowing the world to creep back into our lives. Then, let's ask the Lord to help us make the changes necessary to make sure "old things are passed away.", 50g ground rice (1/4 cup) (you could grind rice in a coffee grinder and make your own, This book had me at its title The Three Colonels: Jane Austen’s Fighting Men. A book about Austen’s beloved heroes in uniform, count me in! Then I noticed who wrote the book – Jack Caldwell. Caldwell is the author of the wonderful Pemberly Ranch. I couldn’t wait to read what he had in store next for Austen’s characters. Add to that a beautiful cover and I couldn’t wait to read this novel., Though my time with Soub's mum were small bits carved out of a busy modern life, I cherish those bits and the woman I came to know and love. Not because she was my beloved's mother, but because she was a wonderful person in her own right who loved to laugh, to gossip, to share a cuppa, and who opened her heart and home to me., Situated on 3,500 square metres of prime beachfront, Anantara’s Bali resort at Seminyak features 59 suites of approximately 80 square metres, furnished in true Anantara style, including plasma screen TVs, contemporary Asian-inspired furniture, broadband internet connection and signature spacious baths. Anantara’s facilities include a destination restaurant on the ground floor, offering an al-fresco and indoor international dining experience, an onsite Anantara Spa, and two infinity-edge swimming pools overlooking the Indian Ocean., My essence moves beyond this sphere, Often mistaken for Mexican Independence Day (that's Sept. 16), Cinco de Mayo commemorates the 1862 Battle of Puebla between the victorious ragtag army of largely Mexican Indian soldiers against the invading French forces of Napoleon III. Mexican Americans, during the Chicano Movement of the 1970s, adopted the holiday for its David vs. Goliath storyline as motivation for civil rights struggles in Texas and California.”, In terms of biochemistry, it is not known exactly what triggers this highly complex motor program. Although it’s known that boredom or sleepiness can cause yawning, it has also been documented that certain changing colour patterns can induce yawning. People have also been observed to yawn when they are tensed, like soldiers before a parajump or musicians before a concert., Hearings one week earlier examined the evidence of Corrective Services' elite ESG officers, most of whom had their identities protected. The video of Kevin Spratt's reception at Casuarina Prison was played to the CCC hearing and then in the days following, it was publicly released, in accord with Mr Spratt's wishes. The 6 September 2008 CCTV video showed Mr Spratt being extracted from a Perth Watch-House cell by the heavily armoured and masked ESG officers, and the naked and unarmed man is heard praying for his life, and tasered 11 times by two senior ESG officers., The post I wrote in 2010..., 1. Choose Your Friends Wisely, This last weekend i ran a few errands and did things around the house, nothing too exciting but I did make my way down to the river for a few sunset pictures., This outfit is dressy enough for the office, but comfortable enough for errands., I miss your touch, your kiss, your smell, your everything. Sometimes late at night, I can feel you sleeping next to me, I can still feel your warmth and it’s like you’re home, I bought a new bird feeder and some seed to go with it on Saturday. I thought it would be ever so much more photogenic for capturing bird images than some of the old ones we have and my husband promptly hung it up for me., Have fun making cards and come visit me today if you're in Savannah!, 5) Learned from their Parents, The financial crisis impacted the psyche of America, and as the U.S. approached the Presidential elections of 2008, Americans wanted change., i’ll always be here.., They got to sit on the table to open their presents, and they loved everything that they got. We got all kinds of goodies, and they spent the night at their Aunt Jojo's house. That was a request made by Addison the week before. They got to feel special for a little longer., But instead, the landfill rejected her cache - spitting relics of another time back into the ocean. And in return, the ocean bandied them about, and tossed them back to shore. This is where we wandered, over the weekend; a virgin beach marred only by the mementos of a foregone age., Well there's a kids book about her, see.........., "Of course he will," I said confidently. All false bravado on the outside, but inside, from my brain to my heart to my very soul, the wall I had so carefully constructed between my sanity and the word AUTISM came tumbling down. The rocks and bricks etched with denial fell and fell, leaving me bruised and battered., What is the difference between stuffing and dressing? I am glad you asked! One is stuffed and one dresses the table. I am not sure where I heard or read this but it makes perfect sense. I thought it was a southern/northern thing. Maybe it is. I do not come from a family of stuffers, we are dressers! Always have been and always will be. I have experienced the result of "stuffers" and I am determined to stick with dressing on the side!, What am I supposed to be doing?, Never matching or fancy, but clean and simple. That's all you need., "How do I get to Heathrow?" he asked., When we returned home from the hospital after that diagnosis I retreated to my favorite prayer spot and entered the presence of my heavenly Father. There was such peace there. I presented my questions to my Lord: “How? Why? What now?”. He gave me several words – which have sustained me for these three years: 1. “This experience is not just for you – I will use it in others’ lives.” 2. “Don’t be afraid.” 3. “Wait on me.” 4. “Trust me.”, Us: That is neat! Who knew frozen cameras worked! Were there any particularly dangerous incidents while you were shooting?, Recently, I was listening to the audiobook of The Botany of Desire by Michael Pollan, and was pleasantly surprised at how often he brought up Dionysos. He makes a rather good argument for Johnny Appleseed being an American Dionysos. Did you know that apples from trees planted by seed are pretty much inedible, but they were great for making alcoholic cider? That was NOT in the Disney cartoon I saw when I was a kid. There is more to it than that, including his being an outsider, a wanderer, very close to nature, and having some pretty radical spiritual views for the time, but I recommend reading the whole chapter at least – but the whole book is excellent. He also discusses Dionysian vs Apollonian principles in his discussion of our human ideals of beauty on the chapter on the tulip, and unsurprisingly, Dionysos comes up again on the chapter about Cannabis and intoxication., You have come here to create,, Yup, that’s right… I’m 25 weeks pregnant. It feels like yesterday I was peeing on a stick. In two weeks, I’ll be entering the third trimester. Holy hell, I’m having a baby., Ricotta Cheese, Having days like that aren’t a bad thing if they are occasional however if they happen everyday you are risking putting yourself in a bad position when it comes to your recovery and or healing., What really happens is that I often serve a meal for the littlies that is different to mine., At Frederick Foot & Ankle Specialists, founded in 1999 by Dr. Brenna Steinberg, we are committed to providing the highest quality of podiatric medicine and surgery for each and every patient. It is our goal to exceed your expectations. We treat any and all problems involving the foot, ankle, and soft tissue below the mid calf. From pediatrics to geriatrics, all ages are welcome., “At that wedding in Cana”, Jesus is reported as saying, “it was sweltering. People were drinking water like it were wine, it was that hot.”, I nipped over to Bath from Bristol on Friday. I'd never been there before, but ever since reading Persuasion and Mansfield Park in my teens, I've had a strong image of it in my head. And, inevitably, I suppose, it turned out to be different from my image, the architecture much grander and more imposing. Was I influenced by the neatness and economy of Austen's prose, and her intimate human perspective, I wonder? See what happens when you view life through books?, When paying for access, news sites, are very selective with who they hire and who writes what for the company. It is very popular these days and you can find out more by going to get a website that has an option called a pay wall that is they pay for access, because more and more newspapers are sending the tabloids out to the public online and this increases the chance of pay per access consumption., Tonight, as pertinent per the occasion, I got to thinking about reasons to be thankful this year. Yeah, we're all clear on the whole family and friends bit, yada yada yada I love them and you all, blah blah blah. Reason for living, everything in the world to me, another year around the sun with them makes me ecstatic... booo-ring., Creative Director: This copy doesn’t make sense., Starting things off were two openers: Bass Drum of Death, who lived up to their name, and Luyas, who turned out to be a surprisingly fantastic gift from Canada. The youthful northerners were all smiles and high fives, leaping around the stage like sugar-high kids in a bouncy house, having tapped right in to the crowd’s electric buzz of anticipation for the headlining New York trio., Other highlights included: 1 Common Loon, 3 Merlin (40 for the season now), 570 Blue Jays, 1 Orange-crowned Warbler, 3 Lincoln’s Sparrows, 17 White-crowned Sparrows, 1 Summer Tanager, and 2 Pine Siskin., The David Wood Law Firm is an experienced law firm providing legal services to clients primarily in Spartanburg, Cherokee, Union, Greenville, Laurens, Greenwood and Pickens Counties of the Upstate of South Carolina., Total Carbohydrate 2.9 g, I don't have the camera today, so I am using the photo from gourmetkoshercooking.com, I framed the pendant with antique brass finish filigree and Vintaj components. Keeping to the floral/garden theme, I added Czech glass roses, Vintage Rose Swarovski crystal bicones and Swarovski Sand Opal Rounds, and tiny, luminescent glass seed pearls. I also added Vintaj Natural Brass floral end caps, a bail created from Vintaj's Fanned Trellis filigree embellishment; and created a chain using Vintaj Blossoming Duet fastenables., "Ellington '66" is an album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded and released on the Reprise label in 1965. The album won a Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Jazz Performance - Large Group or Soloist with Large Group in 1966., Moon looked in the direction that Kelly the collie was speaking her slurpy words in., Olive oil, 1 teaspoon, The FATF President will visit Turkey on May 22 to discuss the issue with Ergin and Finance Minister Mehmet ªimºek, the Hürriyet Daily News has learned., river, “Never!” I declared emphatically. “Not even a person who hated my act would have dared! By God, I would have caught the egg and hurled it back with interest!”, Kindled blankets combusted under flame-lit light, "In recent weeks, intelligence operatives have arrested 14 squirrels within Iran's borders," state-sponsored news agency IRNA reported. "The squirrels were carrying spy gear of foreign agencies, and were stopped before they could act, thanks to the alertness of our intelligence services.", Fortunately, Korfu had the ability to see almost perfectly in darkness… even pitch darkness such as this. Praymar, as it happened, had the same ability., So, the first movie - time to start paying off, right? Not so much., Call me when my life shall fail me,, 12., Then a light went on. "I was thinking," I said, "of voting for Ron Paul.", **TIVO not recording something when you depend on it! I missed Brothers & Sisters last night - waah!, Do you consider the effects of colour when choosing colours for your jewellery?, Spanish Civil War Verse (1980), Any of you that have followed my blog for any length of time have, no doubt, heard me refer to something that Laura over at the Org Junkie has said, written, or done. She is probably the biggest online Organizing Icon that I am aware of., Work Life, pesto, It is days of joy at seeing the first eyelash appear,, I did the best I could, but I didn't really feel like she and I "clicked." She seemed pretty stiff and sort of fake--both things that I absolutely am not. I would really, really love to get a shot at being on this show because, dudes, I could fucking with it all. I'm dead serious. But hey, if it doesn't happen for me, at least I tried. Right?, He: Yes., Staring on September 6, daily blogs posts will be put up, celebrations of new books going into stores will be had, and for the launch month of the blog, many giveaways and contests will be held!, The first album was recorded in spring 1980 and during the recording they discovered that Cathrine also could play the piano, and had real talent for it, so soon after the release of the first album a synth was bought and Vacum had found its form. Most of the material was based on ideas of Cathrine that all the others contributed too. The first album opened a lot of doors and the band started touring a lot and the second album was recorded in MNWs studio in Vaxholm. They pride themselves of writing a lot of material which resulted in about 150 songs. The aim was to have a new song on each local gig which resulted in long long rehearsals and to top that a lot of gigs which started to wear the band down., In comedy there is the Shakespearian / Hawksian elemental aspect - the sprite who raises mischief and chaos in her drive to expose the male ego to the chthonic forces of nature, rather than civilizing herself like the old west, she wildernesses the civilized, she forced the westward expansion to, at last, contract., ala Hepburn in Bringing up Baby or Carole Lombard in anything, or Paula Prentiss in Man's Favorite Sport?, “In the human brain there is a tiny gland called the pineal body, which is the sacred eye of the ancients, and corresponds to the third eye of the Cyclops. Little is known concerning the function of the pineal body, which Descartes suggested (more wisely than he knew) might be the abode of the spirit of man.”, Say what you will. Some things you just have to take on faith alone. This story is one of them. I am not making this up but I have no proof. Well, there was at least one witness to the initial moments of what transpired; but the "ah-ha" was between me a God alone., Be honest, how often do you see a white women without make up, the hair colour she was born with, wearing jeans and sneakers dating a black man?, definition 2. Foreign, yes — alien, likely. So this would be me, again. I am foreign and alien to this place (or at least its people), since I come from another with different ways — but from my perspective, this place is what is foreign and alien, so all things can, indeed, be seen in more than one way., She did not laugh. In my experience, people seldom do when I say things., What a cruel and bitter joke that would be., We have verified the Hydrogen Booster + Save Up To 50% On Gasoline! and from our report it is a valuable ebook that really gives value to the clients, and we highly recommend it., The concert also included some special guests, with Gabe Dixon on the keyboard (a seriously talented and spectacular pianist and singer), Matt Wertz, Ben Rector, Jason Eskridge, and Mallary Hope. It made for a hilarious and delightful night of entertainment. Way to go, Dave. Unfortunately, I don’t have any photos of the actual concert because it was against the rules. And I am a rule follower. Sorry., Tongues wait in the, “We get those seeds loaded, we’ll get us sumthin’ to eat and we’ll come back and bunk down at the feed house. There ain’t no need in us spending money on a motel tonight. Hell, the rats will probably be bigger than the motel rats but at least they won’t be hungry, being they will be fattened up on the spilt feed.” Billy Ray knew the “rat” part was for comic relief and he anted up with an honest laugh., since silas is deemed our monkey (the kid is agile!), we thought a monkey party would be fitting., when you try to force the meaning of a picture that is all gone, What excites you about the new Linkin Park album?, Furthermore, even in a conducive body (ie water), even with organs specifically directed to that purpose, sharks cannot sense small electric fields from great distances., While the right to a balanced and healthful ecology is to be found under the Declaration of Principles and State Policies and not under the Bill of Rights, it does not follow that it is less important than any of the civil and political rights enumerated in the latter. Such a right belongs to a different category of rights altogether for it concerns nothing less than self-preservation and self-perpetuation — aptly and fittingly stressed by the petitioners — the advancement of which may even be said to predate all governments and constitutions. As a matter of fact, these basic rights need not even be written in the Constitution for they are assumed to exist from the inception of humankind. If they are now explicitly mentioned in the fundamental charter, it is because of the well-founded fear of its framers that unless the rights to a balanced and healthful ecology and to health are mandated as state policies by the Constitution itself, thereby highlighting their continuing importance and imposing upon the state a solemn obligation to preserve the first and protect and advance the second, the day would not be too far when all else would be lost not only for the present generation, but also for those to come — generations which stand to inherit nothing but parched earth incapable of sustaining life., Let's start with some facts on this matter:, It's interesting to read her profile, and know how she arrived blogging., Pacific Standard Time, And all the daughters of the year shall dance!, Victoria: “Oh, Daniel, don’t be so morbid.”, Second, I embrace the concept of free-will. I believe that we are, individually and collectively, self-determining to a very significant degree. I believe that we can and do create our own destinies., Nonetheless in terms of ninety minutes (or more?) these are mere statistics which will have no bearing on the result. Perhaps more significant from our point of view is the position of goalkeeper. The FA have rejected our appeal re Doni’s red card and we’ve recalled Peter Gulacsi from his loan spell at Hull City which his just as well neither John Burridge, Neville Southall or Andy Goram could be tempted out of retirement!, Lamb of God, you take away the sins of the world,, But at long last -- SUCCESS! Now, before you get too excited and rush over to have a look, I have to say; it's a pretty uninspiring website. But let's think on the bright side shall we. The more tickets that are purchased, I'll be that much closer to being able to hire a web designer to spruce things up over there!, Bing gluten free the dough was a little fragile to work with and probably a bit thicker than gluten-containing dough, but I’m more than happy with my results. I had a little bit of a scary moment thinking about getting it into the tin in one piece, but in the end I went for the classic, quick scoop and plonk method using my hands and it worked fine., So, these are my fall birthday cards. Hope you found some inspiration!, The smooth-type spaces mentioned in the second paragraph and the patron’s psycho-geographical maps, revisited from the perspective of control society, now appear programmed so as to prohibit a truly free motion, like the striated gives way to a smooth that itself reproduces striation, or some combination of the two. On the cruise ship there is a passage between smooth and striated space that seems linked to control; as Deleuze writes (if we imagine consumerism as a sort of religion): “Thus the great imperial religions need a smooth space like the desert, but only in order to give it a law that is opposed to the nomos in every way, and converts the absolute” (A Thousand Plateaus, 495). If, in the case of cruise ships, the smooth space is planned by the forces that striate, forces who, according to Adorno, basically employ the cruise to reproduce conditions of capitalism, what does that say about the still potentially productive experiences of the travelers?, Never before have we been so close in contact with the world, and yet still alone. The Internet and telephone have others at our finger tips. I love modern technology. How I can blog, email and be in contact with so many others. It can be a farce though. Others giving of themselves only what they want them to know. We can be anyone we want. Any kind of mother we want., I have been called an outcast, a rogue by many Aikido traditionalists for focusing on evolving Aikido to fit today’s world. For me, the integration of Kung Fu (Striking and Trapping), Judo (Throws -Ne Waza) and BJJ ground combat just clicked. I emphasize circular and redirection techniques. These are not mashed together movements; they are carefully tested elements that link with Aikido beautifully. Combat striking is an integral part of what I teach. Atemi waza (striking techniques) as practiced by traditional Aikidoka are worthless on the street., While the Boys Are Away, Westerners should concentrate on the key matter that concerns us. Our people must understand that Islam is not a mutated version of Christianity with a pacifist core in which the Meek will inherit the earth; it’s a creed of War and the Sword. It is inflamed by victory, and encouraged by successive advances. Once they start fighting, the only thing its followers understand is defeat. The centuries in which Islam has slumbered have all followed massive defeats which shattered the conceit that its date with Destiny and world domination was just around the corner., The itching associated with mosquito bites can be reduced by applying meat tenderizer paste, table salt (to wet skin), or toothpaste. Any alkaline preparation (like a paste of baking soda and water) will help ease the itch., Producer Marin Karmitz talks about the making of Red and tells a story about an elaborate shot that was achieved and the difficult logistics involved. He also recounts a story of how the film received three Academy Award nominations as an American film!, I italicize key words or sentences, usually examples, insights and conclusions. Italicizing is emphasizing in the truest sense of the word. I also use this to add sarcastic color to a sentence as can be seen in my post, “Stop! Don’t buy Vista just yet!”, 1626 N. California #2,Chicago, In fact, the whole of this episode pays homage to literature in ways that most other TV shows wouldn’t dare. While watching, there are elements of not only McCann, but Kurt Vonnegut, Ken Kesey, Christopher Isherwood, and Richard Yates. There are also other media thrown in too. The image of Don alone at the Howard Johnson’s is something straight out of Edward Hopper, and the drug sequence of Sterling reminded me uncannily of Buffy‘s excellent dream episode, “Restless.” All of this combines to make this episode so much more than slot in a television season. It’s visual art; it’s television at its best., “They struck directly, This came from realizing I had dines from my trip last year I still have yet to capture - semi-consciously saving best for last, I just never got around to posting about them, and they were some of the most incredible meals (not just last year, but perhaps, ever!)., 1. Understand the market area and the ratio between sale price to list price. In some area it is 96% and just because your friend bought a home for 80% of asking price doesn’t mean that you will. Be sure to evaluate what has sold within the past 3-6 months., Now that winter is over and spring is here, I feel like I could use a facial. Although there are numerous places to get one, most start at around $95. It's wonderful spending a morning or afternoon getting pampered at a spa but I don't always have the time or feel like spending the money., Background fabric:, First thing I noticed about a mile and a half in was that it felt better than yesterday. No knee or ankle twinges, no heavy legs and no real heavy breathing. Nice. Comfortable. My true “happy place.”, My teenage son (who failed his Y11 last year) is in UNI!!! Yeah I know, can't belief it myself. But Mr. Brainy decided to enroll and low and behold they send him an acceptance, HOW ON EARTH this kid gets it right I don't know. OK, it's not proper Uni but a 6 month long prep course and then, well he's off and ready to start! All cudo's to him, the amount of Certificates and marks he lodges were pretty impressive and Curtin University in Perth said "C'mon over mate", Eggnog Bundt, I buzzed over to the Priory Hotel (Penn puts me up there when I do events for them (yes, I was paid for my speech at Penn, and my room was paid for), and I've taken to staying there whenever I'm in Pittsburgh: real nice, and an easy walk to the brewery (and a couple other places, like Max's Allegheny and the Park House)), checked in, dropped off my stuff, put some electronics on the charger, and walked to the Brewery...I've been through this drill too many times to drive., I love snowmobiling. Flying over the snow, catching air over drifts. I love to drive, to be at the helm of the beast as I weave around trees and over hill and dale, my husband sitting behind me. I also love riding behind my husband as he drives, feeling those powerful arms as he’s muscling the snowmobile into the wilds. We follow unknown trails, driven by a Magellan spirit, hoping that we have enough gas to get us back to civilization. I love hanging on, simply trusting him, knowing that wherever he’s taking me, he’s going first., To any rational person, this argument in favour of immigration to pay for pensions, services or anything else is total lunacy, which is merely storing up problems for the future., Step 5: Invest – Evaluate the amount you need to save each month/year to achieve the desired corpus. Invest the amounts in a diversified portfolio that can help you achieve the desired corpus., And as a sidenote, if you have a little one who isn't quite ready to swim without a little help from a floatation device, I HIGHLY recommend a "Puddle Jumper" like Ellie is wearing. It is really awesome (and no, they didn't pay me to say that!) :), ‘One Thing’ by One Direction remains at NUMBER 1 in Chile for another week., 3)Would there be a first kiss to go with the first date?, amissible adj; liable to be lost. This applies to almost anything Daughter owns. Or Son, come to that. We are a family full of amissibility., I'm a bad bad knitter. That's right, I did knit but on something new. Yes, I am burying my head in my pillow with shame right now. I needed to get my sock mojo going again, and my Felici self striping yarn has been calling to me. I mean, it's TIME TRAVELER self striping yarn. AND...And....and...., And shall be lost in always. Not to be here,, In addition, perhaps radical Islamists, as well as ‘mainstream Muslims’, have cottoned on to the increased knowledge of all things Islamic that non-Muslim now have and have therefore changed their behaviour accordingly. Perhaps Islamists, and others, are waiting for this temporary blip to end. This may partly explain why the the immigration official Burke interviewed had not dealt with an ‘Islamic fundamentalist since 2006’., Dodds received encouragement to apply for the Truman Scholarship from Dr. David M. Coffey, professor of agriculture, and Ami Carter, coordinator of academic advising in the Honors College., Next – Pt. 4: The Good of Games, OK, I've always been 'free' in many senses of the word, but yesterday I actually did some free motion quilting, which has not happened in many moons., Could be yours, should be yours, would be yours, After the War, when the left-wing Socialists took up where Hitler left off, so the English again came down on the right side of history. Admittedly we had our own Communists/Socialists (just as we have today, personified by the UAF, Hope Not Hate etc) but not for us the Gulags, the torture, the genocide, the shattered lives, the broken families, the destroyed infrastructure and environment — for us it was still Farmer Giles in the countryside, still the boisterous workingmen’s clubs and still the bowler hats and umbrellas in the city., My mom was raised by a nursemaid and by her father, who doted on her., Before I dive in, I feel the need to state some things. First, I’m not going to tell people what went wrong with their query and 250. I have no intention of linking to anybody to say “I thought this one was fantastic” or “This one was really bad.” I’m not doing that. If you are absolutely dying to know where you are on the yes no maybe scale, I recommend reading them all for yourself and then trying to make a judgment call, and I’ll tell you why., Many have been damaged through the years. Many are not given any respect by building owners. However, some government departments look after them, but they are using public money. The designs have varied through the years, and are now becoming more functional and less decorative., In a large pan over medium heat, melt the butter and add the shallot. Cook for 5 min until browned, then add the pecans and cook for 2 min stirring occasionally. Then add the white wine, heavy cream, and sage and stir well. Allow it to simmer over low heat while cooking the gnocchi., - AC/DC, The second speaker was our teacher and great trend watcher, Vincent Albers. He told us about cultural indicators. Cultural indicators can help you choose the best fitting business strategy or creating campaigns for certain target groups. Every culture has it’s own habits and values, for example, in the one culture individualism stands for success and in the other culture it stands for someone who is selfish. To measure some of these important cultural habits there are ‘the five cultural dimensions’: Power Distance Index, Individualism, Masculinity, Uncertainty Avoidance Index and the Long-Term Orientation. On the website www.geert-hofstede.com you can see the score of the five cultural indicators for different countries with an explanation below., Risingtaste - where taste meets fashion, There are some conditions to accepting the award. One is to acknowledge and thank, through a link, the blogger who was kind enough to nominate you and to cut and paste the award onto your own page. Another is to pass the award on to other deserving bloggers., I have no clock. I can’t tell you when. I can only tell you that it is at hand and it was not when we started with you all those years ago. We passed the marker together and now the work begins., We knew that Mom was slipping many years ago when my cousin finally had to tear down the old barn that her father had built by himself. It was a safety hazard and beyond repair. Every time my parents would go visit my father's mother in her assisted living facility, they would meander over the state line to drive past the old farms. It was a shock when the barn was gone, but Mom relived its demise time and time again, every time they drove past., BF: I don’t know the details. I just heard that there were two helicopters, and there was a danger that they were going to use some kind of electromagnetic weapon against the ship., 1245 Miles this year, I’m having quite a hard time getting up to date with the Weekly Updates, having somewhat naively hoped to catch up with time before summer ended, but here I am, middle of autumn, with less progress made than I would have feared a couple of months back. Ah well, I’m still holding on to that blind hope of mine – maybe it’ll turn to something one of these days., Altogether, not a bad first find!, This started a spirited discussion about whether proper spelling, punctuation, and grammar were necessary in a social networking environment. Some didn't mind computer speak, some hated it. Some thought improper grammar looked really bad, others thought a spelling mistake or two was no big deal., So yes, you have to endure a few more pictures, 2) Other friends- I have had other friends jump in and help, I thought this was supposed to be the age of the selfish? People who did not have to help, helped in other ways. Stephanie went from a possibly eh prom to what will be a great night for her. I am just tickled about it., these cookies are very thin and golden and studded with dark chocolate chips. they are buttery and sugary and vanilla-y. they are at once crispy and chewy. what in the world is inferior about that? these cookies are, in a word, sublime – sublime enough to have made me appreciate every bit of their cowpieness and to have been deemed worthy of a spot near the top of my imaginary cookie recipe podium., If you’ve been on the job search for a while, it’s likely you have a good idea of things you should be doing to land a new job, such as optimizing your resume or building your personal brand online. Of course, you can’t get the job if you don’t make a great impression on your interviewer or potential employer., Just start writing, drawing, or dancing (or whatever creative play you are called to do)…going deeper and deeper. Embrace it all— the pain as well as the bliss. The unfettered heart has an infinite capacity to divinely transform all that comes through its doors. It knows no boundary of limitation and creates pathways to Beauty wherever the attention is placed., 512100 Motion picture & video industries (except video rental), is not fair because he is not a jerk, I’ll create a look that’s made for you…..’ – Madonna, Especially when it’s only the end of April and we’re already playing worse than the Astros., WITNESS: No, I just lie there., Before we left, Brooklyn pointed to a little girl behind us and said (very loudly) Mom! Look! Baby! Mom, there's baby! Mom! MOM! Look there baby! Look Mom! BABY! I see baby Mom? I play with baby? Mommy! Baby! Over there baby! I play with baby!", “How does this look?” I asked, while standing in her bedroom with my new outfit. “Great! I LOVE IT!…but…” I blinked. “But WHAT?” I asked. “You need BIG GIRL earrings.” Apparently, with my dark curly hair, I needed some large silver earrings that wouldn’t get lost in my hair. I hadn’t worn earrings in over ten years, and explained this. “Too bad. Go get some.”, If I am part of your destiny, then someday you will come back to me ..., When asked about who should replace Fabio Capello when he stands down after Euro 2012, Carragher stressed that the new boss should be English, and that having a foreign coach is a form of ‘cheating.’, The government have announced the introduction of a new mandatory code of practice for pubs and bars. All you can drink promotions and speed drinking competitions will be banned from April, and pubs required to provide free tap water, while from October smaller measures of beer, wine and spirits must be offered and any customers appearing to be under 18 must be asked for identification. Now, I’m not going to rush to the barricades to defend all you can drink promotions, but it is naive to think that well-run pubs have nothing to fear from this. Taken as a whole, these measures represent an unprecedented degree of interference in the way licensed premises are run, which will impose new burdens on responsible and irresponsible licensees alike., Let’s start with where they work. The Bureau of Labor Statistics counts 22 job categories, ranging from building and grounds maintenance (which employes one in 30 working people) to office and administrative support (which employs one in six). In 2010, the category with the highest share of low-income workers by far — nearly 75%! — was food preparation and serving. That was followed by personal care, which also happens to be the fastest growing occupation in the next decade, according to BLS., However, technology can be used to enhance healthy memories. There are so many opportunities to learn new and interesting information and skills that do exercise our hippocampi. Getting information into our brains so that is retrievable exercises our hippocampi. Even learning how to find and retrieve information from transactive memory exercises our hippocampi. Moreover, we can exercise our hippocampi directly by using the mnemonic techniques presented in the Healthymemory Blog to learn new information., supersonicelectronic:, Beach Boys Help me Rhonda US, A smile is only genuine, I link my misgivings about the Leadership Summit to an ever-increasing number of people talking about the need for “resurrection” in The United Methodist Church. This troubles me, especially when I hear it coming from our bishops and agency leaders. First, it is a clear admission that they believe we are dead. You cannot resurrect that which is living, so our church must be dead. This is a painful assault on the hundreds of thousands of men and women who have given their life to Christ and their service to The United Methodist Church. It demeans and denigrates those who faithfully fight to do good work locally and around the world. We may be injured, but we’re not dead, and resurrection talk is nothing more than surrender and abdication on the part of leaders. They may choose to give up on the church, but there are many of us who aren’t ready to lie down yet. There are many of us who believe we are in exile rather than death’s domain., Do you think this will be a one off or an annual event?, But if a neighbor doesn’t want to leave, he turns himself into the human shield of the terrorist. He has become part of the war. And I’m sorry, but I may have to harm him when I try to stop the terrorist. I’ll do my best not to. But it may be that in the absence of all other alternatives, I may hurt him. I certainly don’t see a good reason to endanger the lives of soldiers in a case like that., So, without further ado..., In another Tx/IL story look for both The Woodlands (TX) and York (IL) to challenge (along with North Spokane, WA) the long standing 4 X Mile relay record (17:06.6, S. Eugene, 1976) this weekend. On the Girls side look for Chelsey Sveinsson (TX) to be the favorite in both the Mile and 2 Mile in the absence of Jordan Hasay. It's gonna be another great Prep Track weekend., So we must understand the mercurial., I wasn’t putting my trust on anyone,now I am easily convinced by sprinkled lies., Do you see how Jaidee’s culture affects his actions and motivations? What would happen, say, if we changed only one of those dimensions. Let’s say that Jaidee’s Individualism scale is off the charts. Suddenly his actions become less about protecting Thailand and more about preserving himself and his way of life. This Jaidee would be more focussed on the personal glory he achieves as The Tiger than on the difference he’s making for his community. This Jaidee would be less likely to willingly take the hit when his fall from grace is nigh., Andorra ~ by Peter Cameron (Andorra), 1 cup chocolate bits, Knowing how important hope is, keeps me looking for it in all situations. I guess that makes me a 'glass half full' type person. Know what else?...I feel like the words hope and Jesus are synonymous. If I place my hope in Jesus, then there's my reason for life and life ever-lasting!, 3. In a version of the foregoing, the licensor may from the outset set a high minimum royalty payment for the licensee, secure in his belief that the licensor will be able to identify and manage a successful sublicensee in the territory., Week 17 of our 365 Photo Challenge., The ‘as’ here has particular meaning (as opposed to using the word ‘in’). As implies a ‘way of life’, a ‘point of view’, it implies action on the part of the person living the life. It implies there is a indistinguishable relationship between the person living the life and the life that is being lived – they mutually create and shape one another. If we used the word ‘in’, then it implies that where one lives is independent of the person living the life – like some independent place that exists from its own side. That is a false conception of things., No 190 (61.29%) (w), Now what to do with him. It's been over 24 hours and I'm running our of the squirrel formula that is required to feed it that I managed to get my hands on through the rescue underworld. You think the real underworld protects it's secrets, you should try to get your hands on squirrel formula!, So, who's in charge? We are. Regardless of all the hype the ultimate control of this country rests with the citizens. It's only as bad as we allow it to be. I've had enough, and I don't think I'm alone., Anyway, I realized that the last time I made homemade yakitori (I usually buy it at grocery stores in Japan or go to restaurants) was almost exactly a year ago. That blog entry can be found here. Since I didn’t have any skewer sticks this time, I made yakitori without sticks, or I guess I can call them chicken meatball like I called it a year ago. I had cabbage in the fridge, so I finely chopped them and simply mixed it in together with minced chicken. Rolled it up in a small ball and broiled it for 10 minutes. Really easy snack to make, too! I also think that you can make this, freeze it, and heat it up whenever you want to eat it!, People believed a demon was living in her and kept hitting her all over, Birdsong and shafts of spring light wake Simone. Ron is nowhere to be seen. She stretches cat like. Shapely legs emerge from beneath the covers as her blind feet feel for slippers. The house is quiet and she relishes the peace as she walks towards the window, opening it wide to allow the sun to kiss her face. “Thank you Jus, for the sleep in…” she whispers, Cool for a couple of minutes, then incorporate them into the fudgie mix., Join us at the corner of Sterling Place and Nostrand Avenue Saturday to “Beautify and Unify” Crown Heights North, - The "you're a guy, you must be a doctor" misunderstanding. Happens all the time to me and other guy nurses even when we're wearing the same scrubs as the women. Is it so hard to believe these days?, Carolyn, who writes the blog Daniel's Gift, sent me some photos of her son Daniel and the iPad they received as one of our pair of Mission 2 Recipients. Carolyn timed the iPad to give it to Daniel for his 13th birthday. She wrote a bit about it on one of her posts about the birthday itself, and she shared this with us as well., Yep, my gamer boy has taken up the noble craft of knitting. Six rows today. Who knows how long the desire to knit a whole roomful of Mario toys will last and how many rows he will actually knit ?, We’re a bit torn about Cinco de Drinko and The Kentucky Derby falling on the same day. On one hand, how can one turn down a day of gluttony with margaritas and tacos. On the other hand, it sounds like a refreshing change to dress up all classy and sip on mint juleps., An influential Democratic Assemblymember said yesterday said there was too little information extant about Atlantic Yards financials to make any evaluation of the project., that sells MINI MAGNOLIA STAMPS., CH – 1005 Lausanne Rosendahl, Sabrina Ratté is a Montreal-based video artist. Her work is formed of 2D images and found video footage that is treated with feedback, 3D animation and colour overlays to render a retro-futuristic non-space where only fragments of reality exist in a virtual world of forgotten dreams and consumer-grade nostalgia. We have featured her work before and I can safely say we will feature it again. Because she is one of the best things there is., But this larded plot--this extra piece, which was really, more properly a separate book entirely was nearly impossible to get through. It added little to what was already there and seemed to detract much. While I would still recommend the book, it is not with the fervor that I would had it lacked the last hundred or so pages. Ironically, I will note, it is this latter part of the novel described on the cover--indeed, it is for this that I picked up the book in the first place and discovered a much different, much better story heading up the "fun and games" of the latter fourth of the book., She was so young. Not more than 19., Sweet potato casserole (prepped and ready to go into the oven for 30 minutes), Where does one’s interest in style come from and what are the influences? A complex set of interrelated experiences, no doubt, and difficult to identify. In my case, I have 4 siblings, each stylish in their own individual ways., This is just a simple Quick Page to which I have added a couple of photos, my own choice of embellishments and text. It’s called “Grumpy Cat Quick Page” and is a freebie I downloaded from the MMS website! What a great vehicle to practise on, no? Yes!, I look forward to seeing each of you at Monday’s Board meeting!, Students complete grammar assignments that I design from their books (after a diagnostic test to see which skills each group needs to target)., Spider Murphy Gang Skandal im sperrbezirk D, This time the moon rang out for over 3 hours!, For the record, it was the opposite of pleasant. This is one part of parenting that “they” don’t tell you about before becoming a parent. The necessity of tick checks and the joy of doing them. How thorough you have to be in doing them. How you have to explain it to your child adequately and get across how important it is without giving them panic attacks., 9) The Beautiful Mothers - Chikara, Nothing can beat, when you start riding on ghats with one eye on road and second on beautiful landscape., My sister gave me a copy of Steve Jobs’ biography for my birthday (yep, one happened recently, shame on you if you forgot…). I wondered if she was trying to tell me something… perhaps along the lines of “become a multi-millionaire entrepreneur so you can buy me a house“. Or something. No matter what you might think of mister Jobs you have to admire what he achieved. I don’t think I’m much of an entrepreneur, if I was I’d probably at least have a yacht by now ;-) I frequently wonder if being successful in business is compatible with a love of riding bikes and paddling kayaks. I tell myself that I’m not a wildly successful entrepreneur because my priorities are riding bikes and paddling kayaks rather than making money.. But perhaps that’s bollocks, after all one only has to look at Mike Sinyard, founder of Specialized Bicycle Company, to realise that riding bikes and being successful in business are not necessarily mutually exclusive. No, rather I think sometimes my problem is simply one of discipline and prioritisation.. and of course ”not being a natural entrepreneur” is always a handy excuse to have in one’s back pocket. Case in point yesterday, Monday, dawned beautifully sunny.. a cheeky Monday morning session in the surf turned into a cheeky late lunch of a Cornish pasty sitting in the sun with a friend on the harbour wall in Hayle which turned into “oh gosh is that the time..! Hardly worth starting anything now“. Then again I worked on the weekend.. well, some of it, and I’ve swapped the steady security of an employed career for the hard work, uncertainty and much reduced income of setting out alone so one may as well take advantage of the non-material benefits that brings. Of course I have confidence in myself in that I’ve always been disciplined and prioritised correctly when it really mattered, I wouldn’t have the freedom I have now I suspect if I hadn’t. There it is, confidence in myself.. that’s what this is about I think, confidence in my ability to be successful at whatever I do. Why am I writing all this.. errm, well it’s just something I was thinking about on my bike this morning, while riding home from a small business workshop I’ll have you know.. So not a ride for pleasure but rather for business -although I did very much enjoy the 60km round trip through the early springtime Cornish countryside., We sold 9 of 14 pieces just at the opening! Thanks to everyone who purchased our work! It means the world to us., I’m both a country mouse and a city mouse, all rolled into one. I spent my elementary years in Houston, collecting bruises–my badges of honor–fighting boys on the playground and popping wheelies on my Mongoose bike. The summer before my eighth grade year, my family moved to Harper, a one-stop-light Hill Country town where kindergarteners and seniors attend the same school. There I lived on my family’s century ranch and got into as much trouble as I did in the city. (sorry, Mom) Now I’m back in Houston–Katy, to be exact–though the only boy I fight with these days is my husband. (sorry, dear), My day ended with my late grandmother’s wake. I took up altar service and helped the priest in the rites. He was a close family friend, my clan took him up when the parish was just small and he lived with us for a while so he knew the love story of my Lolo and Lola. My Lolo even corrected him in some of the details during the homily, they both where laughing especially when the priest mentioned my Lolo’s pet name for my Lola: Chuling. It was a heartfelt homily especially in consoling my Lolo that Chuling has passed away that he knows that she lived a true Christian life. The mass went on and by the time of the blessing of the coffin, my Lolo became inconsolable. He was terribly upset. He cried and wouldn’t want any of my Aunts or Uncles to comfort him he cried in his seat saying my Lola’s name over and over again. To see him like that breaks my heart but it also proves that love is eternal. They truly proved that love surpasses all. His moments of agony on the loss of my Lola repeated themselves every time he needs to sprinkle holy water on her. I felt the undying love shared between my grandparents, it was in the air of gloom and sadness that stifles my lungs. But beyond the sadness and glooms stood the migthy beacon of love palpable even in arms of death., I've also been having all kinds of ideas about what to write for this here food & do blog. To be honest, maybe too many ideas. Or maybe not that ... maybe it's that I've had an inappropriate and overwhelming urge to Do Them All Now, which has killed the basic urge to actually *start* a blog entry., View from our back windows, We were sat at a table close to the open window, which was nice since it was sunny out. It was a tad windy that day, so at points, it was chilly, but still decent enough not to need to move., By Art. II Sec. 1 Cl. 8, the president must swear: "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States." He is bound by this oath in all matters until he leaves office. No additional oath is needed to bind him to tell the truth in anything he says, as telling the truth is pursuant to all matters except perhaps those relating to national security. Any public statement is perjury if it is a lie, and not necessary to deceive an enemy., Because I LOVE historical fiction. And gossip. And secrets. And mysteries. I can't wait!, Aloha! Wishing you all a wonderful Christmas, and a very Happy New Year! Hubby and, A memoir of a Borderline Personality., But can the Changers be trusted this time?, Not long after my dad's sister's death, his mum went, too. My grandad was in hospital with lung cancer and my dad went to check up on his mum as usual and found her slumped in her chair, dead from a heart attack. Or the heartbreak of losing a daughter., I graduated very near the top of my class (class of like 90, so it's really not as great an accomplishment as it sounds) and started college majoring in... undecided. Soon (like, after 1 quarter) I got homesick and convinced my parents that it was the right thing for me to transfer closer to home. I started taking classes at our local community college until I could get accepted as a transfer student into our state's biggest institution of higher learning. I started there shortly after and I majored in... business. Why business? No idea. I think I had some sort of thought that it would be cool and fun to own some sort of cool and fun business and be my own boss. That is probably true, but it soon occurred to me that I really hated numbers and hated even more the idea of an 80 hour work week which is what I would likely be looking at if I owned my own business. And that's to say nothing of how in the world I would come up with the money to start a business. That coupled with my apparently serious indecisive nature (what kind of business would I start???) told me it was time to pursue something else., I’m sure most of you have heard the New Age acronym for fear, False Evidence Appearing Real. Okay, so I agree in part, yet only in part. We, as a species are programmed with a fight or flight mechanism. It is for survival. Granted, we are no longer chased by literal saber tooth tigers and there’s no T-Rex knocking down the back wall of the house, we still have situations in our world where the fight or flight response protects us., Swanson-like to say, I inked the solid cake stamp with 4 colors of Dew Drop Memento Inks (the dew drop shape makes it easy to ink small sections) and stamped it on the muslin bag. I stamped the swag along the top and adhered colorful sequins to it. Then I stamped the sentiment along the bottom., She DD'd! Here's her story:, Gabriela Garcia U.F.P Contributor, When asked whether or not she and Huntington had sex, she responded: ‘If I answer this, you will know what happened.’, Russian and Moldavian criminals (be they of the organised type or of the street) regularly decide on Odessa as a place to go to let the matters calm down in their home nations. Part of the city known as Moldovanka is notorious for accommodating such people., Hello! Back again (lots of posts this week huh?) to share with you the Challenge that I'm hosting at the Burlap and Buttercups blog! I challenge you all to use a yellow and gray color scheme in your paper project. If you post your project up on B&B's blog you'll be entered to win a $15 GC....which you most definitely want because her kits are perfection., And you’d need strong feelings to use the word “ever” to describe 150 years in Earth’s history: “Warmest ever,” “third warmest ever,” “hottest ever,” “fifth hottest ever,” “second warmest ever.” Taken as a whole, statements like these, which are found in articles purporting to inform the public, become incantatory, and indeed echo literal hymns sung in literal churches, worldwide: “Forever and ever and ever …. Hallelujah, hallelujah,” and so forth, as set forth in Handel’s Messiah. People have said that global warming is its own religion, and it turns out they may be right., Source: Public Library, Prior to acting, she worked as a Weather Girl at a San Diego, Ca TV station., "Super 8 is inspired initially by the desire to go back in time and tell a story about being a kid making those movies on Super 8 that were often not quite as good as you wanted them to be," explains Abrams., I will not put forth buds this year, my sap will not rise, for I am returning home. I’ll see you there., "Spent afternoon playing pool in Irish pub", you will get a lovely mystery prize from me. Just email me, John McLaughlin: 67 years old, after the original Mahavishnu Orchestra disbanded in 1976 he concentrated on his Indian/classical group Shakti. Now plays in a variety of jazz styles., i am behind in film viewing. i feel a big white space. i've been developing blisters in the garden, i've had my nose in a book reading hazy and bone slicing descriptions of the bloody hallucinations and pits of war, i've been lazily staring at the wall semi-paralyzed at all that needs doing. it's time to catch up. i realized late last night that it was my week to post and rather than put another stone on the grand pile i've been collecting of things past due, i thought it better to re-up. i am watching too much of the wire. no, there is no such thing., I've been distant for a while...not just from the blogging world, but from a lot of different things, for a lot of different reasons., I know, I know, this one probably devestating, but it needs to be in here. Beverages account for an amazing amount of calories, and in restaurants these drinks are usually bottomless. Save the soda for dinner at home, when you can control how much you're drinking., Do I really get to be first? Thank you for posting the video. It took me long enough to find it on the ABC site., It has set my mind buzzing about how many ‘hypothetical development’ stories abound in Peterborough where I live, and how not only should we be putting up hypothetical development boards, why not clad the buildings in boards to look as if they have been developed., The documents for discussion at the ruling party's national executive council meeting in September have just been released. These include a document entitled "Transformation in the media, ownership and diversity"., Her love of travel and wanderlust came from growing up with parents, In one short sentence he had encapsulated something that was central to a very complicated plot. The good ones would get it., In a further echo, Maya has her own "Ain't I a woman?" moment later in the book, when Vus (yes, again) becomes irate (yes, again), this time at Maya getting a job. He says "You took a job without consulting me? Are you a man?" (p. 236). If Scather was a drinking woman*, she would be playing a drinking game whereby every time she felt like slapping Vus, she'd be drunk by now., She even added a letter for every.single. item. How cute is that!!, Anna Mackowiak is the jilted dentist facing jail time, after extracting all of her ex-boyfriends chompers. The teeth got plucked just days after the dentist got dumped by Marek Olszewski, who then went back to see his ex-lover because of a toothache., Lucky mo-fos, that's for damn sure!, The frame was purchased from the pound shop, yet again I fought my way through chavs and really hoped that my bag didn't split and the frames ( I bought two) didn't grown legs and scurry across the floor., Different Logon Account, He said when he’s at a tattooist he’s usually uttering a constrant stream of loud swearing, unless someone else comes into the shop. Then he has to appear all nonchalant like he’s hardly noticing it’s going on – casually glancing over to the tattooist and saying, “Have you started yet?”, 455. Wings @ Goose Island Wrigleyville (Chicago, IL) 7:35 p.m., A warning, however....supervise at all times! Do not let your child put these in their mouth. They are non-toxic but obviously a choking hazard. My son is past the "I put everything in my mouth" stage but I still supervise him while he is playing with these., I was on such a deep strike that I was also on strike from clashing with authorities, which is something I do on a daily basis., So, now I’m full of plans. I’m champing at the bit to apply for one of these doctoral programmes. I’m thinking of linking to IBBY or Seven Stories. Any interest out there in getting a funded Ph D linked to one of those?, “But it’s so boring!”, Understand how God, who so loves the world that He gave is only son to die, so that we may have life, feels regarding all these people we meet. I bear responsibility for not saving that dog. Oh, you, and I, can rationalize that away and make it OK, make excuses why it was not our responsibility, but the reality was I was the one who knew the dog was there and I was the one who did not want to make the small personal sacrifice to go and pick it up, to save it from death. How much more will God hold us responsible for the lives around us. Think about it. Go and read that scripture again and understand God’s heart and will. The early church was committed to helping each other out, committed to feeding the poor and mostly loving others as God loves us. At the prison this weekend I several times said “We are the only Jesus people here can ever see” for anyone who is a true believer understands that God desires we work to do His will, to bring life and save the lost from the certain death that comes without God., B: We have so much exciting stuff coming up at the moment. We are in talks with a couple of managers, agents and publishers. We have some exciting tour dates coming up in countries we’ve never been to (Albania, China, Spain) and the new songs we’re writing are sounding better and better. We can’t wait to record them., It’s Mancini’s world, For more information about The Natural Sapphire Company visit www.naturalsapphirecompany.net, Hashemi asked them why. One of the girls who remained sitting—who is very active in school and who Hashemi sees as generally very “integrated” into German society—explained that, when students like her register for classes, they are placed in the “NDH” category, “nichtdeutsche Herkunftssprache” (translation: non-German language of origin). In other words, before they have stepped a foot in the classroom, a checked box on a school form differentiates them from their “regular German” peers., What is you thought on this?, This week's freebie is another set of these super cute flower cards. I love the modern colors and design of these. They are that little something special for you next gift. I have an idea for using these guys in a little summer craft project. As soon as I get it done I'll make sure to get some pictures posted., My friend is not very tall and we were a little concerned about the very tall man with bushy hair in front of her. She sat on her coat and was fine, although she did say that the speed of the dialogue and the American accents did make some scenes hard to follow., What you are, you are by accident of birth;, -I-, Zinc acts as an antioxidant and this is one primary reason why it is so helpful against acne. Antioxidants help to clear the body of toxins and free radicals. These can cause various problems in different areas of the body, and in the skin these can lead to pimples and acne breakouts. Keeping the skin, the largest organ in the body, clear is only too important. Zinc helps to keep the skin clear and healthy and prevent the build-up of these toxins and free radicals, therefore being proactive and helping to prevent acne breakouts altogether., So, was Wally’s Burgers worth a second chance? Yeah, probably. Would I come back? Maybe to try their signature chuckwagon burger but only if it wasn’t out of my way., Last night, the full Weird Adventures crew gathered together after a few weeks of spotty attendance. We continued our search for John Vandemaur. We are trying to recover his body, but in truth we have no idea if he is even dead. Boris has some thoughts..., The first tests were your standard blood and urine withdrawals. No biggie. But then I was in for what I had only heard whispered about by mothers on the playground. The breast exam. Not your standard exam that gets passed out on pamphlets. This is the one with the HUGE machine that takes two glass plates and squishes your most delicate parts like a pancake., See you there!, Synopsis: Fifty years after the events of the first film Ripley’s escape vessel has been found wondering aimlessly through space. Ripley’s been sleeping in cryogenic sleep all that time! Now the company wants her to go back to LV-426, a colony that’s stationed on the planet where Ripley first encountered the aliens; apparently they’ve lost contact with the colony. What could probably have gone wrong? Maybe the aliens ate everybody? This time Ripley is ready for these ‘acid for blood’ bastards! She’s got the corps with her and some serious firepower!, And seek with laughter what to brave;—, One year around Valentine's Day, my sister and I commissioned Mom to make some heart shaped sugar cookies that we could all turn into conversation hearts. They turned out so cute, and now we love to make them during February as a fun way to celebrate Valentine's Day. You can keep them in the family, or wrap them up for friends and neighbors. Surely, you won't be disappointed. I hope that you will enjoy this recipe as much as our family does., I started this 90 day project so as to focus my efforts and come up with a beta version of my first website., Elephants are one of the smartest animals on earth and are also the largest land animal. Female elephants have strong social bonds and the herd is the center of their lives. Adult males live mostly solitary lives, though fringe relationships with herds are kept and sometimes they form bachelor herds. Elephants recognize themselves in mirrors ( display self awareness) and show an awareness unlike many other animals about mortality. Elephants have intricate language, social structure and ritualistic seeming traditions. For example, when an elephant calf is born, the herd gathers around it and the mother and rumble a welcoming to the new member and learn its scent. When a member dies, there are days of mourning and lingering around the corpse. Some appear to make pilgrimages to visit the spots where former members have died, and they embrace the bones of their lost. Elephants are indeed gentle giants, showing great care for one another and their young. The herd rallies to teach calves the intricacies of their social order and communication and of how to use their trunks and tusks to various ends, such as how to dig up roots and how to discern which plants have medicinal values. Their memory is famed and they’re capable of passing down knowledge about their environment. Elephants have keen hearing, smell, taste and sensitivity on their feet and trunks which allow them to feel and interpret subtle vibrations. This allows them to utilize low pitch rumbles and stomps, many inaudible to the human ear, to communicate with one another across great distances. This is one way for elephant herds to keep in touch with non-familial neighboring clans. Elephants show great affection towards each other and protect their young and elderly with zeal. With their stature and physical power they could be destructive and provocative, however they do not unleash these capabilities unless in defense of themselves or the herd, though sometimes they can be vengeful and vindictive if they feel wronged or gravely threatened. While males will engage in combat for dominance within their order, it is more a show of bluffs and aggression rather than an attack with intent to injure. On the flip side, often it is simply the oldest & wisest female who is the matriarch. Elephants have numerous intelligence related propensities, such as self awareness, grief, the making of music&art, utilization of tools, altruism and compassion. As a power animal, elephants teach us about balancing brute power and delicate care and nurturing. They teach us of loyalty and the strong bonds of family. They remind us that we are stronger and wiser when we come together as a group, than we are alone., 02/03/2012 SELL 0.01 nzdusd 0.83692 02/06/2012 0.83041 +6.44, Then, I saw a picture of a sign that said “You’re not Bored, You’re Boring” and it really made me think. Its not these areas in my life that are making me bored, it’s me! I don’t want to be boring! I needed a major attitude adjustment ASAP and I knew just the person to help me. I dusted off a couple of my Jon Gordon books and began to refresh my memory about having Positive Energy. Then I went to the library and borrowed a couple more of his books and educated myself on how to be the best person I can be., Homosexual behavior? James Dobson and all of the other haters in this organization believe that people choose to "behave" like they are gay. They believe they can interpret their fictional book in any way that they want to interpret it and think it is okay to spread hatred and misinformation to their blind sheep. They take what they want from a book that they claim is god-inspired and use it as a weapon of hatred. Way to be like christ!!, I go by Tamika, or Tam for short. I am an 18 year old Eurasian student living in Montreal. Since I am currently unemployed (by choice!) I have a lot of free time in which I do nothing productive. Others have described me as excellent at forgetting things, a master procrastinator, and indecisive about everything. I’d also like to add that I am a cat lover and an avid music listener., She was, in her day, an international sensation, and while her vogue was fairly short (little better than a dozen years or so), she covered a lot of ground, both professionally (she sang, danced the tango, and made a string of well-received European silents) and geographically (performing everywhere from Paris to Uruguay, with a starry U.S. tour right around the time of this cover)., English setter Liliana, six, helped lick the newborns clean and even began producing milk to feed her four-year-old chum’s offspring., Hello again my friends. It's been a long time. Good to talk to you again., Oh, the Sheraton. I love it. Put a heart at the end. Cause there's a lot of unschoolers there, I meet people, there's a swimming pool really near and it's big for playing hide-and-seek in. And there's two other things, three actually. There's lots of activities, like art, games, and other cool stuff, like nature walks. But I've never been on one of those, there., Paul was informed about quarrying at Torr clachan:, WHAT ABOUT SAVOURIES?, (4)“I did read the book and he didn’t…” actually he did, see page…, Today, when Shahzeb came back, I stood with two choices. Either to leave you, or to be with you. I could easily have chosen the former because I knew you wouldn’t stop me, but I couldn’t. Confused and worried about my own reactions, I decided to push those doors of my heart which had been closed shut. It was then when I realized that I could not forget Shahzeb because I let him ruin my self-respect. A part of me was constantly cursing him and this is why I couldn’t let go off him. As soon as I realized this, I gave him a call and settled all scores with him. I told him that I do not belong to him. I never did. And I never will., “@Orbinho: Nicklas Bendtner has scored six goals in his last seven Carling Cup appearances”., Amma called me to wish, followed by a loudspeaker session with wishes from her students and the neighbours who gathered at home. It was the best gift I could receive for the day. My eyes were filled with tears (khushi ke aasu – tears of happiness) and I responded to their wishes with a thousand thanks. It is on your birthday that you realize of getting older... but not that old to be worried. I grew moustache to create an effect of getting older but friends asked me to remove it as it looks odd and I am not too old to grow it “their comment”., I did go on to have two daughters who bring me great joy., They are comfy I suppose, and do cross that awkward sartorial boundary of what to wear when lounging around the house or relaxing of an evening. But you are only moments away from wearing a onesie at the market, and I fail to believe that is right, which ever culture you come from., So, I’m learning to take it easy and accept that the process will take as long as it needs to take. I just wish Summer would hurry up and piss off so I can get back to Uni and concentrate on completing that degree, which will be enough to keep me occupied anyway. Episodes aside, of course., “Oh shit!” So I ate a bit of placenta, and there were no more gushes, and I started to perk right up. Then I remembered the chocolate. “Hey, we have chocolate!”, Nicole didn't know what to do at this point, and says she felt like she was going to have a nervous breakdown., Agliotti's family were attacked in 2007 and tortured for three hours by robbers. His teenage daughter was molested and his former wife was beaten by the gang. At the time he was under house arrest and under surveillance by the Scorpions. Agliotti has moved out of the Sandton complex and is currently testifying in Jackie Selebi's corruption trial., Fresh ground turkey, one pound, It has been a suitable word for this year., “Here in Britain, I want to be a comedian first and a German second. I do not want to be a comic German. I want German to be the adjective and the noun to be Comic., I 'became' Peggy Porschen (or at least I told myself I was!) and decided to keep the chocolate theme but make it a bit more girly (surprise surprise my favourite theme! :D) with using pink fondant icing. The bottom tier is pink with chocolate brown circles, decorated with an italic 'L' for Lisa and polka dot royal icing decoration around the edge., God Bless and encourage someone today., Oh, weary on the Blue Men, their anger and their wiles!, But that's about it. A poor showing indeed for December., Sunday morning coffee, moss, and a card!, Being the lone pessimist at the management table can cost you your career, and so can joining your company’s “voluntary” team-building weekend camping trip with insufficient enthusiasm. In 1984, the important thing wasn’t just to scream and shout during the Two-Minutes Hate — you had to really feel the required emotions., "Why can't I see them? Quentin! Why can't I see the cartoons?", Are any of these fabrics STILL in YOUR stash!? Fess up!, The narrative of the book is beautiful in its simplicity and it conveys all the sadness of their situation. I fell in love with the narrator, the other boy (whose name is never mentioned) because of his innocence and unswerving loyalty to his friend and I love Luo for the same reason, because he is always ready to help out his friend. In this terrible context their friendship is so pure that not even a totalitarian regime or fear can break it, not even a girl. I also enjoyed how the author shows that the novels the boys read are not only a way of escaping their reality but also a way to learn about passion and feelings. The ending, while abrupt and painful, is also a hymn to the freedom that knowledge can provide, a little ray of hope for the only character who can actually have any. It left me with a bittersweet feeling because while I know the seamstress is doing what is best for her, it also seems selfish and cold-hearted., Although Matthew Henry appears to have thought that James the Less is synonymous with James the Just, modern theologians say they are two different poeple. We’ll look at James the Just in a moment, however, this is what Wikipedia says about James the Less, son of Alphaeus:, Both teams will have one eye on the Bolton vs Tottenham game, as a win for Spurs would see them firm favourites for fourth spot. Should they slip up however, the winner of Chelsea-Newcastle will be in the driving seat. A draw at Stamford Bridge would see us no closer to knowing. As all four teams involved tonight need a win, there will be no shortage of goals I am sure., So it’s a real puzzler., Then, this morning..., Wasn’t that a waste of public money?, So Cho’s plan was to watch Simon and plan his strategy around Simon’s moves. And then the collision happened right in front of him, causing him to wreck as well., You stand up for yourself,, Soon, very soon, I’ll be back at it. I can’t wait!, It's awards season on the blogsphere and I have had a few come my way for which I am chuffed to pieces. However I've done absolutely nothing whatsoever in terms of accepting these wonderful thoughts because, to be honest, I am feeling a bit awkward about what to do next., Iberdrola Acquires El Andevalo Wind Farm For $440 Million From Gamesa 11, "The ANC had earlier approached the South Gauteng High Court to grant us leave to appeal its earlier ruling that the singing of the freedom song was unconstitutional and fitted the crime of incitement., The organisation called for G20 leaders, who meet on Thursday and Friday, to act quickly., The parade has floats including over 50 krewes along with other local celebrities, charities, and organizations. They're all dressed as pirates, and all of them are throwing beads - think Mardi Gras, with a pirate twist., The rather stylish motif in the centre of the box is glue, because my eldest son distracted me at just the wrong moment, and I broke the bottom of the box., In time, when I am in my place,, Kyle told me what they were doing., The London bombings of 9/5 resulted from British security services allowing the development of terror networks throughout Britain. A threat assessment by the Joint Terrorist Analysis Centre a mere month earlier stated: “There was no group with current intent and capability” to commit a terrorist attack in Britain., I recently got an email from www.cricutmachine.com stating they were having a sale on over 70+ Cricut cartridges. They had 4 of them under $15.00 each!! Whoo Hoo! So I bought 2 of them. I bought Mini Monsters and Cindy Loo. Oh my gosh, they are great cartridges. Lots and lots of images to cut out. And the Cindy Loo cartridge has a font on there too! BONUS!, ......And while he stressed he wanted "no (US) boots on the ground" in Syria, he was “adamant” about the need to provide more “substantive military aid”. "At some point we simply have to say, 'we're going to help them, we're going to give them weapons to defend themselves,' and that will make them strong and more organized", Lieberman said last week at the Brookings Institution, a Washington think tank...., If you want a good overview of all things spiritual and like an easy read, then this is your book. It could also be of a great help if you have been bereaved., this is a very sensitive book., Our Chief asked if a desire could be fulfilled as soon as it was expressed. Our hostess answered that if the desire were put forth in true form it would be fulfilled. She then went on to say that desire is but a form of prayer, that it was the true form of prayer which Jesus used, as his prayers were answered, that prayer which is always answered must be true prayer, therefore must be scientific and, if scientific, must be according to fixed law., Nutrition can be a touchy topic, with everyone having their own very specific viewpoint on what is good for them and their family. As many of you may know, we believe in a fairly primal diet - limiting our grains - emphasis on bone broths from grass fed animals, grass fed meats, wild seafood, good fats (coconut oil, grass fed butter and cream) and lots of organic fruit and vegetables., He also strives to maintain a relationship with Emily (Marshall) as he struggles to conceal his true feelings., There are so many examples - small and large - of things working out the way they needed to, of things that didn't go the way I wanted them to, but it was all for the best (at trite as that sounds.), In the summer of 1941, fresh out of high school, Zak ventured south to visit his school pal (and relative of mine) Eddie Sudol who was playing his first year of organized ball with the Tarboro Orioles in the Coastal Plain League. This was the bottom rung of the minors at the time and the Tarboro team had recently signed a working agreement with the Baltimore Orioles, an independent minor league team at the time. So anyway, Frankie Zak turns up in Tarboro one hot and humid day, only to find the team in desperate need of a shortstop. Zak, who was almost 6', lean and athletic, looked the part and was quickly signed to a Tarboro contract. It was only temporary, Frankie didn't care for baseball., We're still looking for a name. The baby stuff is still in storage,, Sometimes Gadaffi said good things about women’s rights. Sometimes not so good things. Etc., I am retelling this story as a way to show the importance of the interconnections of what I do and talk about for Food Empowerment Project. I'm convinced that we are stronger when we work to connect issues of injustice, and when we work together, we can open more minds to fight the oppressors and free the oppressed., “Hey, over here.” Mitch, his partner, is waiving from a table near the dartboards., “My father and mother say the same thing–they would not have achieved what they had achieved if they didn’t find each other. Of course, that’s also what I’m aiming for.”, Okay, now that you have a way that you are getting home your next task should be where to sleep. Yes, it sucks that you are stuck in the airport, but try to make yourself as comfortable as possible., In Memphis, Tenn., a decline of about 15 percent in donations amounted to the loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars. Maj. Mark Woodcock, the area commander, said he had to close the doors of a subsidized childcare center that served low-income families for more than 30 years to focus on the most critical priorities of feeding and sheltering people., If you've been a reader of my blog, you'll notice my daughter cooks and bakes with me often. It's one of the things I remember doing with my mom growing up and I think it's made me appreciate cooking and baking more than just something that needs to be done. I really enjoy it and I'm glad my daughter enjoys it as well., Flowers, charm, & "bronze" baubles: my stash, Few are able to initiate change in the deepest, darkest, most firmly rooted aspects of our being. To do this requires a lot of dedication, ability and energy., Add flour into bowl A. Followed by the sugar on one side and the yeast next to the sugar. On the other side of the bowl (with the flour in between), add the egg. Pour the water onto the yeast., I glanced down at the dumbbell and pictured it flying across the room—at his face. But it was such a nice face, and I’d hate to ruin it. - Alex, Embellished the letters randomly with more black rhinestones. Easy project and the best part is everything was already on hand!, If you've been paying attention to various sewing sites and blogs, then you know that a majority of the people are in foul moods and pretty ticked off by pretty much everything in life. It really doesn't take much to annoy these people. In fact, I've found that all it really takes is forum moderation activities (moving threads, deleting/editing posts, telling people to chill and play nice, etc). If you really want to tick them off then create a site and become so successful you make a living at it. They really hate it when people earn a decent living. However, that doesn't really take much creativity. The idea I'm about to share with you happened to me today and I find it much more creative than simply ranting on your blog or forums to annoy fellow sewers. So enjoy., And that made me walk even taller than I possibly ever could!, Am I racist? It depends how you define 'racist'. In my experience I have not met one person on this entire planet, in all the countries that I have travelled to who is not racist, according to my definition. I have simply met people who are honest about their 'racism' and people who are in self-rigthteous denial about their 'racism'., Have you recently realized that you need the best noise cancelling headphone but are still doubtful as to which one to buy? Don’t worry; we are here to help you in your decision-making., If we want to revive cities, and not just help cities already on the upswing, if we want to bring New Urbanism to the Detroits, Baltimores, and New Havens and not just the Seattles, Portlands, and Denvers, New Urbanists need to bring industrial policy into their worldview., - tape, Rebecca:you are always crazy., This on my 'use it up list' as it is just an okay product. I admittedly, bought it because I was intrigued by the scent. Unfortunately the scent is really the only thing it has going for it. This is super light and doesn't really provide much in terms of moisturizing and it contains alcohol (to provide the cooling effect) that said, it does feel nice and smells divine., Good morning, everyone. I hope you have a wonderful and blessed day!, And sink into its own delight at last., 3. Three mentally ill men who amplify one another’s schizophrenic delusions?, Tomorrow is the new release blog hop! We hope you'll join us for some fun and prizes and to see all of the March stamp sets revealed in full!!!, Or in plain English, and if you know anything at all about scatter plots and linear correlation, those scores wander all over the place and should never be used to provide any serious evidence about anything. Speculation, perhaps, but not policy or hiring or firing decisions of any sort., AJ, The first couple had lost a teenage daughter, they had gone out fishing in the sea and when they got back all they saw was the aftermath of the disaster. Their first thoughts were we HAVE to find our kids. They found their son the next day at the hospital and when they asked him where his sister was he told them, you wont find her. They identified her picture the next day on the list of the deceased., Ryan & AJ's lunches: somen, Thanks for stopping by! I hope you enjoyed the project., What IS the vampire agenda? I really like the parallels with various forms of real world prejudice (god hates fangs!) but the contrasts are also interesting. Unlike teh gheyz, vampires are genuinely dangerous and seem to actually have some hidden agenda. It’d be a neat twist if the show was messing with our heads on that count, and the VRA was exactly what it purported to be, and only the perspective we’ve been given by the show makes it seem suspicious. Seems unlikely, though., Behind these women was the wooden platform, or anda as it´s know in Spanish, which was carried by 36 men, known as carriers or cucuruchos, from a religious fraternity. On this magnificently ornate platform there was an amazing statue of Magdalena surrounded by flowers and candles. It was astonishing to see the skill, coordination and technique it took to negotiate this platform around sharp turns on narrow little streets. It really was a mesmerizing sight to see., In a piece of comical and cliched rhetoric last night, George Osborne said, “This is proof that, in the current global situation, Britain cannot waver from dealing with its debts. This is a reality check for anyone who thinks Britain can duck confronting its debts.” OK, I think we’ve got you there George, although if you want to stick in a wake-up call or three, feel free. However, as The Slog and thousands of others predicted from last Spring onwards, there simply is not a big or diversified enough UK private sector to drive an economic recovery for Britain – hence Mervyn King’s latest QE splurge, at a stroke wiping out the total net Coalition spending cuts fivefold., There has been a significant improvement in graphics compared to Mass Effect 2. The textures on the characters, mainly Shepard, look much better. While simple objects like walls or floor tiles don’t look noticeably better trees, scenery and destruction look amazing., In the weeks leading up to the race, it was uncertain whether it would happen at all. Tensions over the race where high and there were major safety concerns, for the teams and their drivers. The media were also hesitant and recommended to stay in designated hotels, throughout the week. However, the show must go on and despite the protests, Sunday provided another unpredictable race, in what’s becoming a historic season., is wonderful for the home owner, You can create a stylish look with any one of these colors, simply paired with white or other neutrals, such as the Starfish or Driftwood shades. Alternately, these colors can work well together to create a more playful or dramatic look., +Free rubber stamps each month of your term, Other DEATH PATROL stories published in this blog (so far):, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, Art that builds strongly on past foundation often becomes blurred together in the minds of the audience; in this way often Heavy Metal bands are no longer interpreted as if they're making confident strides forward with their musical offerings to the form, instead their - often decades long - contributions are slight and non-cumulative. This band introduced more orchestral elements, perhaps that one plays faster than most. This one has some kickass graphic design to go with their extreme metal. These aren't innovations, they're safe variations. There is no 'one album' that cuts through the mists as a definitive statement. Ergo, listeners do not come to these bands to be immersed in a singular world, to feel as if the only thing that exists at that moment is themselves and the Entity summoned by this mythical piece of art. They listen to this music instead on shuffle, a record's as good as any other, all from a distance. They can appreciate what the band may be bringing to the table on some intellectual level, but they're not enchanted by the music to the degree that they suspend the language through which they categorize and codify their experience. This art is just not startling enough to achieve that. It is in this way that say, a black metal band in 2011 becomes just a black metal band in 2011. The riffs might be nice, the songs might flow well, the black mountains and treetop frost cover is pleasant to look at but... all these aesthetic signifiers are gazed upon from a distance. With distance comes irony. The feeling of being outside and afar from what one feels is a defining aspect of modern life. Art, romantic art in particular, was intended as a remedy of exactly that. If it fails at eradicating the distance between host and emotion, it has failed completely as romance. What is left is mostly a comfortable, safe product., YOU SAY YOU DON’T NEED NO KISSES TONIGHT, The first part of the Shahâdah is called “Tawhîd,” the Unity of Allah, and that is found expressed in the first part of the Shma’ as well, in stating that God is One (Ehad). We see this expressed other places as well, for example in Exodus 20:3, “You shall have no other gods before me,” so I would say that Muslims and Jews at least share the first part of the Shahâdah. The second part though is more tricky. On two levels even. First off, Jews don’t recognize Muhammad as their prophet. Most Jews probably don’t even acknowledge him as a prophet, while some would say that he most likely could have been a prophet, though only sent to the Arabs, not to the Jews, acknowledging the praiseworthy mission of spreading the Tawhîd. But it isn’t only in regard to the “lack” of acceptance of Muhammad, there isn’t an equal for Moshe Rabenu, A”S, to be found in the Torah, at least not expressed in statements like with the unity of God. There are many incidents though where his prophethood is stated and emphasized, making it rather clear that his prophethood is to be accepted. Only later does it become part of a list of clear doctrines to be accepted as part of Jewish faith, namely in Maimonides thirteen principles of faith, all being introduced with the statement “I believe with perfect faith that…” It is the seventh declaration, after declaring that all the words of the prophets were true, stating that the prophecy of Moshe Rabenu, A”S, is true and that he is the “father” of the prophets, meaning the greatest of all the prophets, both those before and after., Deep in my heart, i sowed, Since that time, I have had the nagging need to visit Bayside and achieve closure. It has been only a small nagging need, however, so it was not until one week ago that on my visit to Flushing, I decided to go all the way to Bayside, Queens and see what the neighborhood was like., Well ... I did increase sales by X dollars (although maybe I should say x dollars - ha!) and this increase did come through wholesale selling -, I can’t remember when exactly I decided to propose to her, but I know I’d been thinking of it for a while. My biggest hang-up was not having a ring. Of course I wanted to do it right and have a nice shiny ring to give her, but those things are pricey! Finally I’d saved up enough and decided that the moment had arrived. But first I had to decide which shiny pretty thing to get her. That’s where a couple of her friends come in. I enlisted them as my secret agents to help me pick out her newest piece of jewelry. After a few dozen emails back and forth the decision was made!, Friday night I went to FHE, where we played "Psychiatrist" (and had SUCH a blast at it too!), then I went and played the piano for a while. When I was heading out, I somehow got into this conversation with this lady, her name is Ana. She speaks such little English, and I speak such little Russian that the whole conversation took a super long time to figure out. Basically what I got after about ten minutes of talking is that her name is Ana, she’s Maxim’s mom, she teaches piano (and loves it!), and had some music for me if I want to have it. There was a lot more between, like how I absolutely love music - Ya (I) OCHEN (VERY) lyoublyou (love) musik! (music!), or how Maxim learned piano for three years, but then didn’t like it so quit. I really loved talking to Ana, I could tell she enjoyed the conversation too. Eventually someone came and asked if we needed a translator. I asked Ana, and I think she said that she didn’t; It was too fun trying to talk to her and recall the oh-so-few words that I even know in Russian. He translated a little anyways, saying that Ana didn’t know when she could get the music to me because she hardly ever sees me. We figured next Friday at FHE would work perfectly. We all headed out together and Ana and Maxim ended up walking me almost all the way home. Maxim didn't talk much, but Ana talked enough for the both of them :) We talked and laughed and learned words the whole way. My perception of the “gift of tongues” has definitely changed after my conversation with her. I in no way was able to fluently talk to her, but the “language barrier” between us seemed to be quite broken as I forged this new friendship even without understanding hardly a thing being said. That night, I had some great conversations with Lena and Sasha and George-o. We talked about how sometimes you can say something and people don’t understand it, but, they were on the chandeliers,, The National Health Service is today condemned over its inhumane treatment of elderly patients in an official report that finds hospitals are failing to meet “even the most basic standards of care” for the over-65s., As I said, the murder of Channon and Christopher are well known across the internet, however, elsewhere, it has only so far been reported in the local Knoxville press. Compare that to the vicious murder of James Byrd Jnr htt. at the hands of three drunken white men. As with Stephen Lawrence in Britain, Byrd's murder became a cause célebre in America, a hate crime which to this day, ten years later, is repeatedly referred to in the press, on both sides of the Atlantic. Whereas details of the Christian Newsom murder is suppressed, and when it is mentioned said to be motivated by theft rather than hate., As her hands rise the wind caresses her hair past her finger tips.., Well, that was a fun episode. “Puppy Love” was definitely a nice way of giving both Tom and Hal different types of love interests with similar (ish) possibilities for danger but more importantly, it finally seems like the storylines surrounding Eve and the Old Ones are finally going to get underway. Next week’s episode looks reasonably chaotic., The majority opinion has skirted the issue of whether or not the question of the existence or continuance of the emergency is one for the political department of the Government to determine by restricting “the life of the emergency powers of the President to the time the Legislature was prevented from holding session due to enemy action or other causes brought on by the war.” I cannot subscribe to this narrow interpretation of Commonwealth Act No. 671, for in my opinion it is contrary to both the plain language and manifest purpose of that enactment. The law invests the President with extraordinary powers in order to meet the emergency resulting from the war and it expressly says that the President is to exercise those powers “during the existence of the emergency.” The Act does not say that the President may exercise the powers only when the Legislature is not session. Much less does it say that the emergency powers shall cease as soon as the Legislature has convened in regular session. An emergency resulting from a global war cannot end with the mere meeting of the Legislature. Neither may be legislated out of existence. The Legislature, once it was convened, may, if it so desire, revoked the emergency powers of the President, but it cannot by any form of legislative action put an immediate end to the emergency itself. Well known is a fact that a deliverative body, such as the Legislature, because of the time consumed in the study and discussion of a measure, may not always act with the promptness which the situation requires so that in an emergency there is really need for the concentration of power in one man. This may well be the reason why Act No. 671 in express terms authorizes the President to exercise the emergency powers “during the existence of the emergency” and not merely during the time that the Legislature could be in session. For one thing to make the life of the emergency powers depend upon the inability of the Legislature to meet is the same as to declare those emergency powers automatically ended the moment they were conferred, for at that very moment of the Legislature that conferred them was in session., If you're wondering why anyone would walk on a narrow sidewalk separated from six lanes of speeding car traffic by a two-foot-high strip of concrete, you're not alone. That's why it was closed, and it probably wasn't very popular when it was open, even though it's the straightest route to get from Bronx Park to Soundview., You loose woman, you.”, This vehicle was earning a citation. When I was walking up to the vehicle I was not planning on writing them a ticket. I’m looking for dope and weapons. Once at the window they had everything going for them. They were teachers at a local school. They were older people probably coming home from a high school event. They lived in the area that was not drug ridden., In the late 1950s Dumaresq married, and with his wife Mary moved to Saskatoon, to study at the University of Saskatchewan. From there he obtained a University scholarship enabling him to move with Mary to England, furthering his studies at University College London., "By eliminating multiple series, your inventory is always current... With every card available at once, kids will get less duplicate cards. Therefore, they have a better incentive to collect a complete set. So you know they will keep buying all season long!", There are so many flowers starting to bloom that I promise the next post will be just garden pictures!, Meanwhile South Africa’s 20-million citizens living in abject poverty have suggested to Shiceka that “if he wants to keep saying ‘F*ck you’ to the poor, there are cheaper ways of doing it”., Recently, I watched the movie Act Like A Man. It chronicles the lives of five men, and their dealings with women. The movie is based on a best-selling How-To manual for women in dealing with, and dating men. The book, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man attempts to provide a philosophical blueprint for women that want to understand the thinking and behavior of men., Great Moments in European Political Correctness, For those that don't know.. Emmy was dared by some little boy's to jump off a wall... She did!! The boys chickenned out!! Go figure.., Well they have not the intelligence., My problem with all this is that I can not stop eating! I am eating everything in sight. I have bumped up my workouts to 1 1/2 hours a day now instead of my regular 30-40 mins and I am still gaining weight. This week I am going to work more on my eating habits. I have been running, doing the wii active and Jillian Michaels' 30 day shred. My body is aching in places I had no idea you could even work out but I am determined to get out of this without gaining 30lbs (I have already gained 8lbs), So that's our trip! Only 23 days away! It can't get here soon enough!!, it's kind of pointless (unless you like that sort of thing-the prostitute NOT the dentist), Here's a recipe:, - a way to enter joy and pleasure, having free expression, and attuning to the things around us, stuff--that word game (words w/ friends) and pinterest. holy mother of god those things entertain the shit out of me. when i am beyond mind numbed at work--i like shit on pinterest. i have a johnny board. that man is in my face every damn day--he is fucking gorgeous., and she can decide what she wants to do., Was it Taco Bell that pioneered the Spork?, Christchurch Central MP Nicky Wagner spoke on winning the unwinnable before Canterbury/Westland and Southern split for our regional AGMs., We thank you for your continued devotion to St. Jude, the patron saint of difficult cases, and for joining with us in our unending prayer: St. Jude, pray for us., reality doesn’t state as a mind chart, Since it is kind of hard to read the recipe from the card, here it goes:, Rhonda, All told, eight people lost their lives—six Black and two white., At royalty,, If you are taking Clomid/Fertomid it is recommended that you do not start testing until a day or two after your last pill. Sometimes these fertility pills can cause a false positive., I will highly, highly, recommend Mindset. It will most likely change the readers way of thinking. I may change their life., "How," I asked myself, "did a child of Shaker Heights ever come to this - burying a dead possum?", As to the Rhines AAAS underwater photo from the mid-1970s, it has been criticised by saying the head is not obviously continuous to the neck and that it needs to be aligned in the vertical plane. The critics that say this then go on to re-orientate the photo in the horizontal plane, inverted of its usual orientation. They then say it is a photograph of the bottom. It does not match the other photos more obviously showing the bottom, but the real problem is that saying this destroys their own argument. If the photo is indeed meant to be horizontal, then there is no reason why you need to say it must be vertical, and if it represents the bottom, then the tow parts really are continuous and the apparent break is only a trick of the shadows. Which is what supporters had been saying all along., So until next year - and there may a little wait until there are new posts (but there are many awesome posts in the past) - take care of yourselves and each other. I miss you rather too much but I will be back soon with many words and hope., I have been looking forward to my business trip this week for many reasons but my NUMBER ONE reason was my chance to FINALLY see the cherry blossoms in DC... IN FULL BLOOM. But thanks to Mother Nature, her wacky humor and 80 degree days in early March they bloomed and peaked last week. Then due to freezing temperatures and wind this week they were mostly gone by the time I arrived., ABV: ???? My guess is around 9 to 10%, Amaretti, Once we have the two price points in mind, we obviously launch with the introductory price. We promote it as an introductory price and don't necessarily communicate an end date as that gives us flexibility to change the end date at need. Per our launch strategy, we set the book free for 2 days. Trending shows that books following the "normal" post-free cycle seem to hit their peak rank and sales on Day 3 or Day 4 then begin a slow decay. Our intent is to capitalize and maximize. We want to shore up royalties in the face of the decline, keeping the monetary base from eroding as quickly as sales. In theory, this should mean more money earned overall for the books by the time they plateau in the week or so after the price change., And, as mentioned, that conception of conservatism shows in Bush's policies too. Many conservatives were totally appalled at the way he expanded the size of the U.S. government -- first with post 9/11 security measures and then with the prescription drug benefit for seniors. Where did the Reagan cutback mentality that launched America's long economic boom go?, Sentences broken, gunshot wound in the breast, cavalry skirmish,, I have been remiss again. So much for retirement from the work force, I seem to be busier than ever with trivial distractions., First up is "Happy Retirement", which includes one scripture stamp, two sentiments, and a super gorgeous (and dreamy) scene.....perfect to use not only for retirement cards, but anything from vacation scrapbooks, birthday cards, encouragement, and much more!, The IoM, in other words, is the go-to organization for the setting of government health policy. Never mind the fact that the IoM is two-thirds funded by government itself and also takes money from the world’s top vaccine manufacturers. The conflicts of interest within the IoM are not merely notable, but severe conflicts of interest. They are so prominent, in fact, that no person in their right mind should believe a word the IoM says about vaccines, yet both the government and the mainstream media is positioning the IoM as (somehow) being a trustworthy independent non-profit that tells the truth about vaccines., guru<U+1E47>aiva<U+1E41> pratiprokto, Maybe they are saying that they are tired of living in a country that is a plutocracy disguised as a meritocracy. They are tired of being told that if they just worked harder they could be the superrich. Maybe they don’t even want to be the superrich. Maybe they just want to have jobs and a place to stay and access to a decent, affordable education., While the loud eater was out, the movie ended. This was a movie exploring a long distance relationship. It was a sweet and understated movie. The ending was particular emotional and touching. Not because something extraordinary happened, but because of the way it showed how the two characters had changed, and what the relationship had morphed into after a year. It was an ending fit to the overall mood, yet powerful. The boor had missed the ending, pretty much the best thing in the movie. Oh, sweet silent revenge., “I can bring some roses if you want, I have friends who would do that.”, said Mr. Artist., A growing obsession with global warming and “renewable” sources threatens the stability of our supply., Across every form of media., I also used my curling wand I got for Christmas off my parents, finally getting the hand of it and I actually prefer the results after I've brushed the curls out. The curls themselves last for ages to normally if I curl my hair it may last and hour and just drop out but I had these in all night even brushed my hair and slept on it and it was still wavy, definite plus in my book!, Since this is a Noir festival, you can predict that this heist isn’t going to end happily. Cotten is a lot smarter than he appears—after all, he WAS Uncle Charlie in Shadow of a Doubt—and that whole “honor amongst thieves” thing clouds judgment yet again. I was underwhelmed by The Money Trap, but it’s worth seeing for both Hayworth’s performance and a gun battle between two 1940’s icons. Oh, and a pre-Khan Montalban doesn’t hurt either, even if parts of his performance feel as fake as Corinthian Leather., and count our greasy bills, Special prizes like cellphones, t-shirts etc will also be given away during the event., Missouri state officials said they had positively identified 142 sets of human remains Saturday., I'm back from vacation...and apparently just in time! Auditor General Jack Wagner's audit of the wine kiosk fiasco -- sorry, program -- is out today, and it's pretty much unforgiving. Well, the man's an auditor; of course it's not forgiving, that's not his job, and this was a fiasco. Some pertinent stuff (the full report's here in PDF format; the AG's statement is here (added emphases are mine, of course)):, The medieval festival “Transylvanian Fortresses” had its first edition in 2001. Nomen Est Omen participated in 10 of the 11 years of this cultural event, this picture being taken in 2010, in front of the Lutheran Cathedral of Saint Mary, the city’s famous Gothic-style church., But just so y'all know., Although their activities might still be secret, the NSA is now far from being a secret organization. They almost seem to delight in showing us their strength as witnessed by the two billion dollar facility they are building in Bluffdale, Utah. This Utah Data Center will be fully operational before the end of 2013, and then the last vestige of our privacy will be gone., My sleep-deprivation and hypoglycemia were only aggravated by a string of rude and demanding customers - one guy didn't like the shape of his burger patty, a kid threw a fish stick at my head, some snobby lady made fun of my gaudy, oversized work uniform and I was verbally molested more times than I could count. In light of all of this, I was overjoyed to see a friendly-looking old man come in and seat himself in one of the booths., I paid L70 for a 9ct gold necklace (I used a 10% discount code). Lesson learnt from this.. DEFINITELY order double thickness for longer names. Now I considered this factor when I placed my order, but as I figured I would only be wearing mine occasionally (and certainly removing it before sleeping, showering etc), I thought that the standard thickness would be ok. WRONG. The flexibility on this necklace is astonishing! I think if it catches in your hair or on your top it could possibly cause it to snap when you attempt to untangle it., The heavy rain has given way to a misting drizzle, but streams of water pour down from the hills and make new ponds and creeks. It’s chilly with that raw wet feel. This spring is awash in moisture and amazing after last summer’s searing drought. I’m struck by the intense beauty around me, and I thought I was already seeing it, but it’s so much more somehow. The grass seems to shimmer, yet there’s no sun out today, and the meadow is so richly green it’s like seeing heaven., "Hey man, we shouldotally get McOnalds!", I was running late but hoped I could use that to my advantage by slipping in unnoticed, introducing myself later once I felt composed and confident., Right now there isn’t a home, a foundation, for us. We’re excited about a local expression of faith, a local community of believers who have the same DNA as Passion. To be able to go to Stockholm and come home and have home be us is an awesome thought for us. And to be able to launch back to Tokyo and know we have a church community behind us, moving with us–I think it all can happen., -End-, Million Short makes it easy to discover sites that just don't make it to the top of the search engine results for whatever reason. Most people don't look beyond page 1 when doing a search and now they don't have to., "Because I was trying to run on water.", I left her quite happily knowing that these girls will be kind to her. They know how she is feeling about school, herself, and are unhappy for her. Several have suggested that she leave her school and join their’s, that they would love her to be one their classmates. That however will not happen, she only has a few weeks left before she moves on to secondary school. Some of her dancing friends will be going to the same secondary school as her., Wish me luck this week, because my patients will need it., And we ended the celebration by releasing sky lanterns high into the night sky and reading what was my favorite gift of the night, "You Are Special" by Max Lucado. Thank you so much Holly,we LOVE it. If you have not read this, it is so inspiring and so sweet. Oh what a wonderful world it would be if we Wemmick's had no boxes of golden stars or gray dots, ah yes....a wonderful world we can continue to dream of...someday., Tonight I used the random number generator from Random.org to obtain a number between 1 and 106 to choose the winner of my 'Sunshine on my Shoulder' earrings and the number was 24.... Esme., De bénir Charles et la douce France, and can therefore get along fine, When I was at my lowest low... When I felt like I couldn't go on existing for another minute... When I was searching for something, anything to direct me out of the abyss of pain, I would pull out the cards and search for wisdom, for learning., Sime Darby also said it would take a hit of RM964mil in its second half earnings from losses from its energy division., To enter, all you have to do is leave a quick comment so i know if you´re interested. (Of course you´re interested, but maybe you have a copy already :-), "Glitter and Trauma" has until the 14th July on KDP Select. That means that all Amazon Prime customers can read it for free. On top of that, it's only $2.99 in the USA, L1.95 in the UK and EUR 2,68 in Spain, Germany, France and Italy. In order to promote the book a little more, I'm beginning, and then you can go ahead and die and go to heaven., We think Wilma looks just beautiful in her new collar, don't you?, I’m going to keep this post short and sweet. This weekend was of course everyone’s favorite train wreck of a holiday, St. Pats! I was able to get a pre-celebration ride in after work on Friday. 26 miles leaving from Fitchronaburg going around the Cap City Trail with a lake loop thrown in and then back home., 7 1/2 yards of dotted Swiss fabric, for $2.00!!, In the prelude of last night’s games, even our good friend @OptaJoe was giving it some: ‘Manchester United have won all 14 of their games against Wigan in all competitions’, and surely, SURELY, they’d make it a round 15., At the November 16, 2011 Board meeting, trustees of the Halton District School Board selected names for the two new high schools currently under construction in Oakville and Milton. The names for the new schools were selected from a shortlist of names collected on-line and in ballot boxes in neighbourhood schools and public libraries., ***IF anyone is interested in buying them, I am selling them in my Etsy shop. Just click HERE or on the right sidebar, near the top~My Lil' Craft Room. I also added some wool applique patterns recently and am getting ready to 'kit' some of them up for those who are interested., Lime Curd, Annie Hall, One cannot change masters at will. The lying child grows into manhood and continues to lie. The thief as a child becomes a thief as an adult. The murderer cannot be cured by being placed in gaol. The cheater continues to cheat through life because he has a cheating heart. In other words, to change servitude, one must have a change of heart. He must be a new creature., It was a little intimidating to think of asking to call on her especially since other boys had tried and so far her answers had always been a firm "No." I finally decided the worst thing that could happen was that she says no to me too and I went ahead and asked for permission. She kept me waiting for several weeks before she finally agreed that I could call on her., Ordinal-linguistic personification is a type of synaesthesia in which concepts such as letters and/or numbers are involuntarily thought of as having individual characteristics usually associated with people, such as genders and ages and personalities. One the face of it this might seem pretty odd, but the linking of personal characteristics with non-living things is certainly not limited to the arena of obscure psychological phenomena. In our shared culture ships are often ascribed with a female gender, and cyclones are given personal names. One very effective make of vacuum cleaner has a cute face on it and is named Henry. It appears that moving objects are especially likely to be associated with human-like characteristics, possibly because their mobility and agency causes the more primitve and instinctual parts of our brains to “read” them as people or intelligent animals., Alpha is one of over 50 species of raptor that live at the African Bird of Prey Sanctuary just outside Pietermaritzburg in KZN (I got to visit recently and was most impressed!). The park is dedicated to the continued conservation of South Africa’s diverse indigenous raptors. Research, public education, breeding programmes and rehabilitation projects all come together here to ensure that the country’s birds of prey are given all the help they can get., I had a really busy weekend. I watched grand kids Rhianna and Joe while their parents went on a mini holiday by themselves!, Hello all! I hope you are well? Thank you for all your lovely comments about my previous card, they mean a lot! I am still playing catch up, I am almost there! It is now time for our weekly Cupcake with a fab theme chosen by the lovely Louise, "Born on a Winter's Day", so your card must be a winter themed birthday card, it must have a wintery image on it. We are being sponsored by My Mum's Craft Shop, offering a L10 gift voucher!, As I have said before, this fukktard does not represent my area of Ohio (Thank heavens), and the man is a bloomingfuckingidiot!, And, do you see how blogging is so much more fun than life, itself? Which is why I am writing this and not dealing with getting another quote. Better get to work on that before AA Hubby calls for an update., Gurlee Girl clear stamp., The original title of this blog was going to be something along the lines of “Why the U.S Isn’t Going to Help Chen Guangcheng.” But it turns out that, according to the New York times, at least, Chen Guangcheng is “in American hands somewhere in Beijing”. So, the United States is officially interfering. Hmm…, 06/25 – New York, NY @ Highline Ballroom, Everything I am for Your Kingdom’s cause, 11.PBS (Politix & Bullsh*t), And here is my inspiration for the same..... I hope I have justified this technique, as it was totally new to me, though I have enjoyed using sprayers of any kind in & around home, since childhood.... :D, Well, I’m about to throw a few at you. What significant experiences led you from being raised a Reconstructionist to an Orthodox Jew?, In my estimation, these same defective people also tend to be inventors, progressives, activists, artists, writers: people who live outside themselves in order to help or change humanity. The thought, rather than the interaction, is imperative. No wonder this world is overwhelming to autists. They, in reality, live in a different world. In the autist world, words are a tool, not a necessity. Feelings and perceptions, the engines of sentient responsiveness to the world, do not need words. In order to interact with those feelings, perceptions...in order to find a place in the world, those thoughts must be given the structure of language. If you can't develop language to a degree to be able to interact with those who prefer language...you are seen as difficult, strange, cold, needing "fixed" when in essence you are only being true to yourself., "I Come and Stand at Every Door" from Mortal Coil., The final curtain, as Law Professor Avi Bell relates, had to have come three days before Goldstone's whining little apologia in the Washington Post, sitting there at Stanford Law School with his wife next to him and watching Bell and Peter Berkowitz tear apart Goldstone's abysmal tissue of lies to his face:, * I would say my favorite rule without reason is the fact that x^0 = 1. This is always true but honestly I don’t even know why. It seems that many rules in math are like this, easy to remember and implement but they don’t make any sense at all., Eileen's mother was blind therefore not knowing that her, Me : “150!!! are you nuts?”, Henry: “You faked your own death. Siobhan, that’s insane.”, What is the first thing you notice when you go to any restaurant?, “Yes. Richard Fine. Is he your case?”, evolutionarymystic, The wife and I did some ‘official’ Flying Pig training this morning, tackling the tricky hills and roads in Eden Park, racking up almost 6 miles in the process., “For that reason, to avoid provoking protests inside and outside the country, it was decided that those people disappear. Each disappearance can certainly be understood as the cover-up of a death.”, Alex Chalk, prosecuting, told a jury at Birmingham Crown Court that the six men in the dock had “not a shred of respect” for their victims, who were targeted because they had “rough edges” and came from difficult backgrounds. “These men made an assessment . . . that if they ever did complain, their backgrounds and demeanour meant they would attract little sympathy,” he said., Look at Other Peoples’ Works, when forced by circumstances, Thank you so very much for your love and support., My dad is being treated for a severe kidney, bladder and intestinal infection, so he's on antibiotics and I guess they're doing their thing, but he has taken such a hard plunge in the past few weeks, it's like you can see the holes in his memory getting bigger and bigger before your very eyes. Though you still catch glimpses of him from time to time, it's draining, both mentally and physically draining. So yeah, I'm exhausted again..., A Brit, a Frenchman, and a Russian are viewing a painting of Adam and Eve frolicking in the Garden of Eden., Free, Browser-Based ‘Wolfenstein 3D’ Released by Bethesda – Bethesda Softworks on Wednesday released a free, browser-based version of the iconic first-person shooter, Wolfenstein 3D., 50 Push Press (each arm), 6. I already know the gender of my baby. :), Neck 14.75", It wasn’t until last week that I went over to Karl, to tell him I was going to kill myself., I told you, you don’t fit, “Evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived.”, The Japan Center for Economic Research, which tracks Japanese GDP on a monthly basis, said consumer spending fell for the first time in fourth months, falling 0.4%, while exports were flat., In case you didn't know, my Granny passed away last Saturday and it has been one of the hardest things I've had to deal with. I miss her so much. The world just doesn't seem right without her. My whole 33 years, she's been my constant and my the person I turn to in every situation. So, it's an adjustment. I know she is in a better place and she's with my Grandpa, where she's wanted to be since he passed away last August. I find peace and comfort in that. I really and truly appreciate each and every one of you who have left sweet comments on my Facebook page, Twitter, and sent emails. You girls are the best., and that Ulua was definitely our favourite beach., Speaking of Michele Bachmann, as likeable as she is, she's also proven that she's not quite ready for the Top Job yet. Her positions continue to devolve into talking points, she's shown an unfortunate tendency to be gaffe-prone and continues to be willing to die on questionable hills like the one about how the Gardisil caused retardation in a child., That the Night Come is a series of six WB Yeats poems set to music by Dennehy and sung by Dawn Upshaw. Once again the music is discordant but less so than Grá agus Bás., So, I'm back....Starting Now!, Hennessy's reference is: Peter Catterall (ed.), 'The Macmillan Diaries: The Cabinet Years, 1950-1957' Macmillan. 2003 p 382, more than much fine gold, sweeter also than honey, dripping from the honeycomb. By them also is your servant taught and in keeping them there is great reward. Who can tell how often they offend?, Sometimes, it really hurts., grace to all, salvation brings., She looked around the city’s grounds. “This is your home?”, 11/8 – The Vault – Buffalo, MN, I also had to make a matching hair clippie--no outfit is complete without accessories! I think my niece is going to look so cute in this. I will probably try to find her a cute white tshirt to go with it and hopefully she can wear it soon!, So, here we go…another chapter of this journey is about to begin…back to work with a new hip!! Let’s try it and see., But if I wasn’t working on all of this, I don’t know what I would be doing. I love to be at the helm of projects, the lady in charge! Plus, this is the perfect opportunity to exhibit all of my Type A personality traits! Organized binder with color coded tabs? Check. Master contact sheet and itemized daily schedule? Check. My job security at the end of this weekend? ….Too soon to tell., In our efforts to be healers, we imitate the Master, Jesus of Nazareth, the Divine Healer. What comfort a parent gives to a sobbing child hurt by the cruelties of schoolmates with a hug and a kiss! The expression “I love you” works miracles in hearts of troubled by low self-esteem. Even such a small happening as a smile from someone serving me food, a waitress or a flight attendant, raised my low spirits and made me want to go on living., The girls are extremely proud of their "royal clothing." I think the color is quite beautiful and I'm eyeing the last bit of the powdered dye that we have left in the jar for myself someday., For proofing: in a plastic container, measure out 7/8 cups of warm water. Add 1 tablespoon of sugar and 1 teaspoon of yeast. Lightly cover with a lid and wait for 5-10 minutes until there is a beige foam floating above the water. If this foam is not there, dump out the water and start over: either the water is too hot and killed the yeast, or your yeast has expired. Only proceed once you have seen the foam., GET EXCITED! IT’S WHITNEY HOUSTON WEDNESDAY!, Belief: In most cases, it’s okay to trust people with more than just what the mask shows., This attitudinal conflict lies at the heart of CHRISTMAS VACATION; Clark is presented as a sort of Last Man Standing when it comes to believing in Christmas (one of his co-workers refers to him as “the last family man”), confronted on all sides by those who’ve lost the spirit of the season. John Hughes, at heart, is an optimist swimming in a pessimistic world, and Clark personifies this to the nth degree. It’s fitting that his negativity builds like a pressure cooker throughout the film, finally being set off when his Christmas bonus gets delivered and instead of a check, it’s an enrollment in the Jelly of the Month Club. There’s a few outbursts along the way, of course, but they’re small and self-contained. Whenever things turn for the better, Clark is instantly willing to let all bygones be bygones, embracing anyone and everyone in his attempt to push the perfect Christmas through., Sarkozy is looking increasingly desperate, the writing is on the wall, Hollande’s election will send a ripple right across Europe which politicians will be forced to take notice of., In that context, the Court states that if a third party were to procure the part of the source code or object code relating to the programming language or to the format of data files used in a computer program, and if that party were to create, with the aid of that code, similar elements in its own computer program, that conduct would be liable to be prohibited by the author of the program. In the present case, it is apparent from the explanations of the national court that WPL did not have access to the source code of SAS Institute’s program and did not carry out any decompilation of the object code of that program. It was only by means of observing, studying and testing the behaviour of SAS Institute’s program that WPL reproduced the functionality of that program by using the same programming language and the same format of data files., The next day I was on a train crossing the Tamar Bridge between Devon and Cornwall, musing on the possibility of train crashes, and the conductor announced an accident on the line. We stopped, and waited, and waited. The train was emptied and cancelled at Plymouth and we were told there had been a fatality on the line at the next station. My thoughts immediately ran to suicide, (although we were not given any more details) and my throat was dry, my heart fast. How final and quick death is, how commonplace, how shocking, how irreversible. I wondered who, how, why, if only, what if. Restless people in my carriage started to call home, announcing the delay, laughing (really), By contrast, Facebook threads are self-contained, for the most part. Nobody is totally "anonymous" and there can be no sock-puppets. Many of the participants in any given thread, will already agree with each other since they are from the same social circles, age-grouping and class. However, some of us have a LARGE and DIVERSE number of friends--which is far more likely if you are older (or have lived and worked in a variety of environments, as most older people have). People who hate each other and/or disagree on every single issue in the world, can suddenly and unexpectedly collide on the same thread. And predictably, all fired-up with "likes" (votes from people who agree with any given comment)-- they come out guns-a-blazing. Many Facebook people may not have any other online experience and it is entirely possible they have never before argued with people who disagree with them; thus, they promptly go into ideological apoplexy. This is marked by a lot of "you're crazy!" and "you can't be serious!" because they really do believe this. It's not rhetorical. You can tell they have not been exposed to real life ______ (fill in the blank). Atheists, anarchists, libertarians, Ayn Randians, communists, animal rights activists, whoever. They have heard of them, sure, but they've never met them before ... and they often respond by hitting the proverbial roof, flipping out and calling names., So, back to the story in hand. Usually a trip to the Court of Appeal would have been the end of the matter (at least as far as we, the judgment-consuming masses, are concerned). Floyd J had ordered an inquiry into damages suffered by Perini (or, at its option, an account of profits) in October 2009, based on his findings in the original dispute. One might therefore have expected the parties to slug it out between themselves and reach a settlement. However, as the reader may by now have twigged, this did not happen. Perini duly elected for damages, but there were nevertheless questions concerned with the calculation. Accordingly, almost three years after the original spat first worked its way through the courts, the parties are still at it, arguing over the damages., The book named the British politicians they blamed for the war. It was a huge best-seller., Mommy chuckled, deeper than her normal laugh. “Trust me, it’s not. Nothing’s too much for a friend.”, Time to rethink that gym, 8 minutes and 55 seconds., Rant time, the second! (I really should be doing homework right now, but whatevs), What makes fame so alluring to audiences and yet so disillusioning for the object of fame? How have the criteria for what deserves or attracts fame changed in different historical eras? What makes people famous? Is it their exemplary conduct as public figures? Or is it their uncompromising resistance to a social paradigm which is trying to absorb them? The Frenzy of Renown is both a who’s who of western history’s heavyweights and an insightful exploration of the human urge to be recognized., Animal Man; Jeff Lemire and Travel Foreman (DC Comics), Piccadilly Radio Session (June 4, 1979) (First Studio Session), From Britain alone there are millions of such stories. So many young lovers torn apart never to meet again in this world, so many futures which could have been but never were, so many hopes dreams and plans which came to nothing, and in particular so many young men who sacrificed everything and died terrible deaths for the sake of their country and the love of their homeland., I enjoyed the experience and as usually happens when book lovers gather to discuss books, there was not enough time to discuss... um, well... books. One of the topics which fell victim to the clock was how exactly parent bloggers tell the public about books., Hello daar almal..!, ‘The Waltz King’ comes to DVD as part of ‘The Disney Generations Collection’, a DVD-R made on demand collection , offered exclusively at amazon.com., And this camp spectacle of a performance by The Rubettes. I love how much energy they have and how mismatched it is against the crowd's obligatory steady clapping. If I ever end up getting married, or just throwing a huge birthday party I may find a tribute act to recreate this just for the hilarity. But first need to sort out George Michael singing Careless Whisper to me on a table for my 21st. I like the idea of an awkward intimate performance for each milestone birthday.., Lehavdil, Jerusalem was a little like New York this way. There are times of the year that New York just “empties out.” For people like me, who come from far away, it’s a weird feeling, to feel like everyone else is leaving. New York really is my home. I stay here for Jewish holidays, for many reasons. But this can make them very hard. The truth is, Pesach, my favorite holiday, ends up being pretty lonely. It feels like you’re on your own, like no one’s around. And you wish more people saw this as home., Had visitors, stew bums...all of them, My favourite London underground station, if anyone can have such a thing, is Westminster station. As you leave the station and climb the few steps to exit the station there facing you is the full majesty of our sovereign Houses of Parliament with St Stephens Tower reaching up before you. This is the tower which houses the clock and Big Ben., And it's not just Arabs. For instance, one member of the organization's finance committee, Genevieve Lynch, was a participant of the National Iranian American Council. Judith Barnett, a former registered agent for Saudi Arabia, is a donor and is prominent on the J Street Advisory Council. while Nancy Dutton, who until 2008 represented the Saudis as an attorney against her fellow Americans donates to J Street's political action committee which has been financing anti-Israeli congressional candidates., Also, if you post it on your blog I would appreciate it if you let your readers know where you got them., I did this card for a challenge on:, We're holding the sale of Enfa-related products for now as there are some changes w/ new formula, packaging and price. We're not sure of the new price yet, but we'll try to provide you cheaper prices whenever possible as we want all EasyBebe customers to be happy., There are a few tools you’ll need, depending on your knobs. I needed a pencil, hammer, chisel, Phillips screwdriver and a drill (last two not pictured):, Sitting in an airport lounge, watching the planes land and take off, takes you to the ‘future’, at least the one we would wish to have. I am not a ‘technology radical’ and I am deeply aware that several technological products have brought serious problems to people and the environment. But I cannot avoid being overwhelmed by the magic ambience of airports and everything that this may imply. Because by taking a moment to observe things after making a step backwards, I realise that I am in the situation in which man achieves things that I would just dare to imagine… And not only that, but he can also bring it to a level of functional perfection, proving that we have more potential than what we think. Even though this ‘other reality’ is restricted in few thousands of square meters and outside there is the ‘real world’ with the many problems… At least when you are in an airport you feel that you have to ‘look up’ and you can do the world better. And hopefully we will in the future…, Amber & Kyla - All we can say Iván, is that we hope our likenesses will be forever captured in finely painted velvet portraits, mounted above a roaring fireplace at Inoui World Headquarters., The thing that is very clear in my memory is the who’s who of those that gathered that night. Many acid newbies as well as the generation that had been with me through 1990, 1991 and 1992. When you take acid you need people you could rely on the support whatever trip you happened to be on and I believe I was seen as that person by many of my peers., but i think i dont catch clearly what Samurais say and they also dont catch what I say..., As I kept my attention on the swooping birds I was caught with the sensation of air flowing over my skin and of feeling as light as a feather. Flight was the first word that came into my mind. And while I was sitting on a tree over a creek I saw nothing of the tree but for a few of the branches that leaned over the flowing water. My mind carried the image of looking down directly over the creek and the tree. Then with one last swoop and a climb before my mind’s eye returned me to where I physically was; I was again sitting on a tree looking over to the other side of the creek., Mark Meadows (REP) 48.90% 1,240, He and Mauney will go head-to-head in the $10,000 winner-take-all Cooper Tires Matchup immediately following the opening round. The rider with the highest score or lowest buckoff time will have first pick between Troubadour and Necessary Evil., Or in the words of Mae West, “Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.”, 'Bugs are for outside....and NO, we cannot save them in a jar and keep them on the dining room table....because it causes an instant panic attack for your mother.', Rel glanced at the lip of the ledge. Was it safe to walk on? A more frightening thought surfaced. If he put any distance between himself and Rissad... "How do I know you're not just going to Gate me out of here?", 7:00 AM - Macie wakes up. I heard her crying a few times during the night (not huge crying, but enoug to know that she was awake). She is still in her toddler bed and so far (fingers crossed) hasn't gotten our of her room. She will sometimes be found on the floor with her blankets in the morning, and once or twice I've found her reading/playing with her books, but mostly she is staying in her bed. I go get her. We get dressed, change diaper, and get breakfast started (toast with Jelly and a banana and milk). I eat the same thing at the same time she does., Its comparisons of monthly salaries between day-laborers in developing nations, the President of the United States, and Prince Charles were also illuminating and sobering (and enough to make you want to take a polo mallet to all those commemorative plates for Will and Kate's Royal Wedding). So were its displays on its drug-treatment centers for the homeless. Amazing what you can do when you're a tiny country with a lot of wealth that you haven't frittered away on a mismanaged war or subprime mortgages., is so very perfectly still,, God bless you in your service for Him., my mind turns to, Why yes, yes she is., It's true. It doesn't matter if it's on a 60 inch plasma screen, it gives me a headache if I stay at it for a certain period of time. Even with my new glasses, I just can't seem to stay at it for very long. In addition to the headaches, I also can't seem to comprehend what I'm reading. I see words and my eyes scan the screen, but I have to work very hard to focus so the words actually register. Because of this, it takes me ten times longer to read off a screen rather than paper because I have to read and re-read and re-read small paragraphs until I finally "get it". I even have to write my blog posts in short intervals., “The goal of training one’s memory was to develop the capacity to leap from topic to topic and make new connections between old ideas,” Foer wrote., For example, lesbian activist Virginia “Ginny” Apuzzo, a former Sister of Charity, has founded numerous homosexual local and national organizations including the New York City and the Hudson Valley Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer Community Centers and was Executive Director of the NY-based National Gay Task Force. She also served as Vice-Chair of the New York State AIDS Advisory Council, and was the highest-ranking gay or lesbian official to work in the White House., Amnesia Eric!, It’s free admission and is for everyone except, well me. Friday and Saturday night really belong to the Jr. high/high school kids, Saturday morning is for the kiddies to come out and race their toads and do a little face painting, Saturday afternoon and Sunday are for the *ahem* old folks and those into crafts, and the music every year is heavily influenced by the country genre. Of which I’m not a big fan. Plus every year without fail, it rains Toad Suck Daze weekend. Needless to say I haven’t been since high school., We’ll see in a few days…but if STAR gets the suspensions, will we as journalists, come together and protest in support of their freedom? So many questions, too little answers., Yesterday one of Dr. Pissy's staff was out, so Mrs. Pissy came in to help. And, of course, she brought Fancy., As I walk through my French door into my office, this is what I see ~ I love my sweet old fashioned reproduction of a phonograph player. I love to play French music on this., So, hold onto these stories and BE the story. BE the living inspiration. And know that these stories were written by ONE person each. Don't let the ONE or TWO who enjoy making a sport of your consternation cause you to be less of a teacher to the other 95% of the students in your class. That isn't noble and it is beneath you., Enjoy the ideas found in this quote from the book Entre Nous (meaning "Between Us", in French. I googled it.) by Debra Ollivier~, Missions: A commitment to spend 18 months to 2 years full-time preaching the gospel, developing welfare projects, serving as tour guides at church historical sites, or operating game-hunting reserves for wealthy clients., Now, I shall pull myself together and tell you about all the fabulous things we have been doing lately, well I would, but clearly living such a reclusive life recently, we haven't been anywhere or done anything! So I shall bore you to death with all the mundane then!, It's about the spontaneous happenings, the chance encounters, the making of new friends, the renewing of old acquaintances and the often surreal experiences that make this event such a great success. And the beer., "I woke up and heard a strange scratching sound. I turned on the light and saw this monster working its way along the wall using his claw," said Mrs Duan of Suining, southwest China., Like that amazing killer sweaty goodness after hot yoga. Or a sick spin session. Or a stellar run. I live for them all., how much money was in my bank account, I was on the Foreign Bar last night. I’ve never worked on it before, but it makes sense, as I can read the labels on the German beers. Pouring the draught beers by air pressure takes a bit of getting used to. You have to be careful with it or there’s foam everywhere. It’s worth the time and effort though, to get some proper lager with a nice head on it., You've won a $40 gift voucher to eclectic Paperie. We have lots of new goodies that arrived, too. Please send your email address to daisy@eclecticpaperie.com, After a couple of hours of climbing, I reached the summit...., I wish I took this picture a milli-second later, that little pinch from my little girl POPPED the egg. You need to handle it very carefully!, i agree with sally that it does most definitely depend on the circumstances of your loss. nothing would or could have saved my baby. but if i'd known that earlier intervention could have saved it, i don't think my reasoning would hold true. if i'd had appointments in my pregnancy when the midwife had listened to the heartbeat and i had heard it too, the idea of a doppler would almost certainly be more reassuring., Now, think about the last time you went out of your way,, Green pencil skirt, Zara €49.95, Miles and Wood identify the style of the story as being that of children’s television, and if I may be so bold as to suggest, we’re basically on different tones for the same thing here. As Miles and Wood note, children’s adaptations were commonplace. And the BBC was, in 1981, in the midst of an epic series of adaptations of all of Shakespeare’s plays. This is a straightforward example of Doctor Who nicking a production style from elsewhere on television., This week I'm going to share with you some pages from my Famous Artists School magazine collection that showcase students of the program. Some went on to become famous in their own right and, while some others did not, they are, in my opinion, still very worthy of our recognition for their skills and accomplishments., Those Darlins, Denise Minin, He knew it had been wrong, but it still brought a smile to his lips and a gleam to his eyes. Frio had a gun and Dylan suspected she would never hesitate to use it. Maybe someday they could go out to the desert and target practice., Is your desk as telling as mine?... I do have a confession... it was messier on the edges... but magically the photograph's crop seemed to vacuum that away... I'd love to know what's on your desk..., A Saison Darkly may be considered Belgian beer, but the flavors have been influenced by American craft brewing. It has the trademark citric hop flavors of many American beers. The taste has a tart, floral quality, thanks to the rose hips and hibiscus added in the brew. Upon tasting, one will find a pleasant fruitiness and the flavor of black berry juice may come to mind. The beer drinker may even detect a hint of chocolate in the brew. The taste concentrations are impressive, resulting in the dark, spicy and fruity 8% ABV A Saison Darkly., Impromptu presentations, happenings, conversations, etc.—organized by guests of the Guesthouse (specific content and locations to be confirmed closer to the events)., Sports Fan: Hey! Did you see that State game last night? It was great!, Kelly Clarkson – Mr. Know it All, Serve chilled. (I prefer this dip with ritz crackers the best! :)), so while the kids were taking a much needed end of spring break nap,, August 25, First, I had to decide on a filling. My first idea was to use a filling similar to what's used in potstickers then I decided against it because I thought it lacked universal appeal. I then narrowed my ideas down to two options: 1) A filling made with beef, taco seasoning, and cheese, or 2) a filling made with Italian sausage, Italian seasonings, a little pizza sauce, and mozzarella and parmesan cheeses. They both sounded good (at least, to me). These, of course, would be dipped in egg and bread crumbs and deep-fried. Ultimately, I flipped a coin and went with Option 1. I still think the Italian-inspired Option 2 sounds good and maybe I'll try making it for myself sometime., miserable in the grocery store, thinking, I told him that I struggled with drug addiction and we bonded about the drugs that were my drug of choice, which happened to be his as well., Waikato 64.5% to 62.6% (197,100 to 189,000), 870 D-XII/4/1983. “On the Sophia of Mortimer J. Adler and His Predecessors.” Prepared as an Introduction, Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois., - Every successful person believes that we have two choices in life:, We’re also going to video all of our efforts, by the way. More on this below., You arrive at the poll station. A table is lined with stacks of photocopies of the slates from 32 party, coalition and individual candidates., This is, of course, assuming that the action is set in the real world. Just as Beckett never mentions Dublin by name, nowhere in my book does it say that the setting is the Irish Free State (as Ireland was between 1922 and 1937). None of the towns mentioned will be found on any map, although the town from which Milligan and Murphy hail, Lissoy, is the old name for Auburn in County Westmeath which sits in the middle of the island. The original Irish name for the village was Lissoy, i.e. Lios Uaimhe, fort of the cave., was switching to the Democrats, but the loss of Koo as a potential Senate candidate will loom large. Koo left in part because he was tired of the Queens Republicans’ longstanding internal strife. There may be a bright spot for the party, though, if Skelos can cut a favorable, Four years later, February still steals my breath and leaves me struggling to see the story the Lord is writing in our lives. February 2008 is probably the single most defining month in my faith and while it brings feelings of joy and love it also brings with it a sense of sadness., Mass rage satisfied in that polite, casual, indirect way we love in this very modern world, all went on with their daily lives as if they hadn’t taken part in a written protest flash mob. The verdict was delivered, shame was doled out. The Lexus behaves himself now., On a more personal level, one of the biggest changes for me this was meeting a group of quilters my age who have become firm friends. It's a real pleasure to be able to get together for cutting, sewing, chatting, laughing and brownies!, Meerkats are a type of mongoose that live in the deserts of Africa — from the Kalahari of Bostwana to the Namib of Namibia, South Africa and parts of Angola., More than a dozen top blogs, including Mashable, The Official Google Blog, TMZ,, Add in buttermilk (all at once)., We are created to be vessels through which He can pour out His abundance and blessing., We read the Odyssey chapter about Scylla and Charybdis (a six-headed monster who eats men and a whirlpool monster who eats ships)., The Design Team have some examples for you, please visit their blogs for more info:-, Back to the subject at hand -- this baby., there with me when he sang, The Lord is my rock, my fortress and my deliverer;, Did you, perhaps, deliberately ignore all the signs that suggested this movie was not for you?, I really wanted my weekend manicure to be my new Edyta polish. The first coat applied somewhat awkwardly, though, and I had apprehension. It dried fine, so I added a second coat. I nudged my thumb by accident (shoot!), which left a big smudge that I tried to fill. Then I put on a coat of Seche Vite, hoping that it would make everything better. But it wouldn't dry. It was weird... just kind of got gummy. :( I decided to sleep on it and see if it looked better in the morning, but alas, it didn't. At least my Edyta pedicure lived to tell the tale. The nails got wiped, though., I didn’t end up getting back until 4 AM, to discover…..my roommate still awake. What the actual hell? How late do I have to stay out in order for her to be in bed before I am? Every single time I stay out she still is up later than I am, by at least half an hour. I don’t understand. Anyway, since she was up, I was as loud as I wanted and even took the time to call my mom and talk loudly., We can forget about some of these as we will have electricity either from our alternator or because we are tied into shore power. For this reason, we are only concerned about time at anchor and time sailing day or night., Also, check it out–this issue is from 1975!, - feedback to instructors: on both individual and class performances, “I haven’t found out what ‘retch’ means yet, but it’s a good word, I think.”, Doesn’t have a swelled head,, For some reason there’s a lot of tension between the two brothers. The older brother doesn’t want to admit that he “lost” to his younger brother, and his first reaction is to point out everything that’s wrong in Hibito’s house. This annoys Hibito and obviously he makes himself look pretty stupid in the process., Let me precede this piece by saying, I am or was guilty of each and every single thing I am about to outline. As a writer I am immersed in a world of writers. A hopeless and very fruitless life pursuit(for the 99%). The unending flow of hopeless writers and aspiring to be hopeless writers is almost depressing., Instilling a culture of risk taking, 6. If you request an extension of time to file by the tax deadline and you paid at least 90 percent of your actual tax liability by the original due date, you will not face a failure-to-pay penalty if the remaining balance is paid by the extended due date., After my time living in South America, I found myself returning to the valley and, through chance and circumstance, relocating much higher up in the valley. At the very top, in fact. Culturally, climactically and geologically, it is a vastly different experience., Location: White Oak Road to Brookside Road, “Just a roll bar short of serious racing trim, the supercharged XKR-S is Jaguar’s fastest-ever and most powerful production sports car. It’ll top 186-mph (300 KPH), and leaps from 0-to-60 in just 4.2-seconds. Tearing over our favorite twisty roads, with its 550-hp V-8 singing, taut suspension holding perfectly, tires gripping like the claws of a demented cat, this mean-looking coupe is best driven on a racetrack, but it’s tame enough to drive every day. That’s why we want one, and that’s why the striking new XKR-S is Playboy’s 2012 Car of the Year,” said Ken Gross, contributing editor of Playboy., Drove my chevy to the levee,, · WETA- Hometown Heroes, 1999, After the War, Unfortunately I still had my phone in my hand. I dropped it on the first landing and as I picked it up my competition passed me. I thought it was over. They reached the second level before me, but then did something I didn’t expect. They went into the rooftop gardens. I knew that the verse was in one of the Talbot windows, but I didn’t know which one. I realized I still had a chance, but I would have to make the right decision. Should I check the window on the garden level and risk them beating me to it or continue up the stairs to the other window where I could clearly beat them? I chose the later. I climbed up the last flight and went through the doors. This was it. The moment of truth had come. If DBC wasn’t there, it would all be over. I walked to the window and was greeted by Biola’s 8th president, Doctor Barry Corey. I had won. Praise the Lord., I was able to find rhubarb in the grocery store on Saturday and made the jam Sunday morning. Rhubarb was something I thought I didn’t like for a long time. I grew up eating all sorts of rhubarb concoctions because my parents have an amazing garden and my parents grew more than their fair share of rhubarb. But I can remember picking off and eating the ‘crisp’ part off of a rhubarb crisp and leaving the pink part behind thinking the rhubarb was too tart. But in the past ten years or so I can’t get enough of it! So even though I halved the shortbread recipe, I still made the full recipe of jam so that we’d have some leftover for the week:), So to have listened to Mussolini in the 1920's or even earlier would be to have heard most of the Leftist ideas that are still being preached today. Intellectually, the 20th century was largely Mussolini's, strange though that may at first seem. He substantially foreshadowed not only Lenin, Stalin and Hitler but even Gorbachev, Deng and Tony Blair. If any one man therefore has a claim to embody the Leftist politics of the 20th century, it is surely Mussolini., On July 5, 1943, the greatest land battle in history began when Nazi and Red Army forces clashed near the town of Kursk, on the western border of the Soviet Union. Code named "Operation Citadel," the German offensive would cut through the bulge in the eastern front that had been created following Germany’s retreat at the battle of Stalingrad. But the Soviets, well-informed about Germany’s plans through their network of spies, had months to prepare. Two million men supported by 6,000 tanks, 35,000 guns, and 5,000 aircraft convened in Kursk for an epic confrontation that was one of the most important military engagements in history, the epitome of "total war." It was also one of the most bloody, and despite suffering seven times more casualties, the Soviets won a decisive victory that became a turning point in the war. With unprecedented access to the journals and testimonials of the officers, soldiers, political leaders, and citizens who lived through it, The Battle of the Tanks is the definitive account of an epic showdown that changed the course of history., David Grimner, 51, Merrick, N.Y., Essaouira is a cute beach town on the Atlantic coast. Its name in Berber means “the wall” which refers to the fortress walls that enclose the main part of the city. Deidre and I enjoyed wondering around the streets inside the fortress where there are tons of artisans and crafts for sale. Wood-carving is big there with many vendors and it turns out I love all things wood! Who knew? I wanted to buy everything from wooden lamps, boxes, and bowls to candle holders and domino sets. I will have to go back before I leave to buy more as well as some beautiful paintings I saw., Whereas sacred objects used in Christian rituals are treated with deifying awe, objects such as Mayan crosses can be recycled, bartered with, communicated with, manipulated, disregarded, or destroyed the apparent equivalent of extorting or defacing a holy image of Christ or the Virgin Mary. Astor-Aguilera holds that we cannot fully understand these indigenous practices by fitting them to our European Cartesian mindset but must instead recognize and try to understand native Mayan epistemology., Was the thought that is on my head as I was on my way to the CJes building to go to the concept meeting. I bet Jaejoong hyung and Chunnie were already there., Thanks, Mr. Tesla! And you, the little purple plate in the side pocket of my station wagon!, Somehow, "bother" just isn't the same., We also have yet to hear from our winner Caro from the challenge last week. Caro, please contact Denise to claim your Bunny Zoe Crafts prize. If we don't hear from you by Monday at 8am EST, we will have to choose another winner., I need to remind myself that even though they have heard us saying the same thing for over 150+ days, they will need to be hearing it again and again and again....even though I am about to go batty, up the wall, cray cray saying it! =) I need to remember to have a Heart of Patience., I know this would be an ambitious undertaking – but I do believe it is achievable. More importantly, I believe it is the kind of approach that is needed here in the U.S. Our needs are greater than can be met by any single individual. Neither Coe, Bubka, nor Juantorena could single handedly get the job done here, in the same way that they have been able to do in their own countries. Our challenges are daunting, our demographics very different. We require the collective work of our best – and I belive that this model would provide that., So, without further ado, here is a screenshot of part of Seris’s grid., The prepared food is being cooked by the former owner of the closed local bar. You have to have food in a bar. The Co-Op won’t sell beer even though the place is within the village limits., You fly and waste a day and I’ll drive and waste a week, whose breasts he has made his peculiar deposit for substantial and genuine virtue. It is the focus, It's funny the way this is worded. My parents just got a new refrigerator, and at one point, the contents were removed and placed on the floor. So maybe it isn't that crazy an idea. My kids have never tried to empty the contents of the refrigerator onto the floor, so I don't know if I would allow it. But I might use it as an opportunity to wipe the shelves before I put everything away again. I wouldn't consider it that different from the kids taking out their toys or art supplies to play with., quite indulgent too – just focusing on the things that I like, and excluding the rest which monopolize normal life. In addition, that’s without mentioning all the beautiful blogs that I’ve come across along the way, giving inspiration and ideas and opening up my eyes and changing my view of the world around me,, It would be pretty funny to hear back from him via this blog, but I really doubt he’s going to be googling about an organizer he lost 20 years ago. And I would have trouble believing it to be him, even if a comment was left to that effect., Illustrators are a very important part of the Fair too and this year's special guest was Portugal., How would you like to be able to win some to try for yourself? Well Wanchai Ferry and My Blog Spark are going to make that possible for one of you. One winner will receive their own Beef and Broccoli meal along with two tea sets., It’s 2am on New Year’s Eve…the only place to go would be the local adult theater. With my cock fully energized again I changed my destination slightly and added a final New Year’s Eve stop!, Pescarolo later made the following comments to Endurance-info:, Well finally I am getting around to finishing my gratitude journal. And you guessed it - I am grateful for my three beautiful boys. Somehow after years of infertility I am lucky enough to be the mum of three beautiful boys - Mitchell Steven, Harrison Adam and Jackson Kevin. All totally different and all a blessing in their own way., They must in turn post this and send something they make, Not flu, can't be, I've been jabbed by a pointy needle against that., 1. The power of the Executive rests in the office of the President., My third effort. The first two are already gone to JFGs. Body and wings and tail feathers cut from recycled tin...in this case the insides of a barometer type thingy...I love the map and lines on the bird. The legs are table cloth weights I found in a thrift shop when I was in the city for the Terry Brush workshop., April 15th, 2012, It's a pretty long hallway/entry so I will need multiple rugs, and I have a plan for the square-ish space by the front door. But for now I am focusing on the runner that will be centered along the hallway., I also like to thank my friend and younger big brother @tylerperry; his backlot studio was damaged by fire last night. #ThankYouGame, Another way to celebrate is to take out all your vintage embroidered hearts. I didn't realize the variety in which our fore-mothers designed their hearts. These are just some of the hearts that I've recently sold in my eBay store., If I had a time machine, I’d be pretty rich., Time for the tofu to join the party. Cut the tofu into 2.5cm/1" cubes and tumble them merrily through the marinade. Leave it for 15 minutes., Quality: Good, Thank you everyone for following me and for bearing with me during the occasional crazies! And thank you Miss Brook Anna!, While we believe that online piracy by foreign websites is a serious problem that requires a serious legislative response, we will not support legislation that reduces freedom of expression, increases cybersecurity risk, or undermines the dynamic, innovative global Internet., CCWC first secured status as a participating non-profit organization in Gunnison County’s Alternative Services program– seeking volunteers who were mandated to serve the community. CCWC outlined their project to recruit volunteers for the summer, then set up a process of finding and screening volunteers to gauge their comfort with outdoor work. CCWC then began working with community service volunteers to install erosion-reducing BMPs along Kebler Pass Road. Installing these erosion control measures requires large teams of people in order to be successful. The community service volunteers became instrumental in helping staff and contractors reach an appropriate number of participants. The community service volunteers were also helpful in teaching new participants how to install the BMPs., However, it is not a United States of Europe. Countries retain their sovereignty in most areas, including taxation, and national governments continue to function . Areas where countries have agreed to pool sovereignty are administered by a supranational body called the Commission. Decision making and debate occurs in the Council of Ministers, with countries voting according to a formula based on size and population. The EU is continuing to evolve and to develop policies to meet the challenges its members face today. Its institutions badly need streamlining and overhauling, hence the Lisbon Treaty., I’ll catch you guys when I’ve had some Vitamin D and hopefully some star gazing of the celebrity variety., Husband: *cracks up, tells everyone in his office, and sends me this link*, This may be the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. As a common gamer, used games are what save us gamers from struggling to scrap out sixty dollars when ever we want a new game. Don’t even get me started on how ridiculous sixty dollars for a game is already., *Family, Also, I’m thinking that those of us with a few extra pounds may finally appreciate this fact when models and actresses begin fading away in the streets., Gits., 12.Beast in my Bed, And those suites are on sale. Yesterday’s Sports Business Journal (subscription required, but there’s a summary on Nets Daily) reports that the Nets are selling suites to team sponsors and investors, with the sale open to the public around Labor Day. (Would the legal challenges be over by then?), I have finally accepted that the Nice project is highly unlikely to be finished by the deadline that I set myself which was the best part of four months longer than the original one., We both blush and Simon wanders off to the bathroom., To me you’re always beautiful, Louisiana Women, This painting has taken a long rest but yesterday I found myself re-mixing the colors for the electrical cords and redefining their edges. Now that they pop, I have a bit of work to do on a few of the shoes which haven't even received any paint., Kegged: 02-16-2008, Pensee has a beautiful shine and the shimmer is present, but not over the top., My dog playfully removed the majority of the little bird's feathers. We thought she was going to die, so we put her in a box with a lamp to keep her warm., While exploring Arizona further south and east, I discovered more breathtakingly diverse scenery! The view in this photo is of Texas Canyon, so named because of all the Texans who settled this particular area., thanks to Shumnyabai (Joan Wheaton): Divine Serpent with Neptunian forked tongue and rattler tail reflecting Maya god Kukulkan (Quetzalcoatl), the divine feathered serpent who gives life., Not this guy., When Ashley says, “Mike, they’re playing our song” what song are they playing?, At the end of month 90 leaders from leader board will be able to get free DTH recharge., All that eating really did me in, and I ended up having half a cup of coffee for dinner. No joke. I was pretty much full for the rest of the night., This leads into a problem I have with all of Seagal’s movies. You know ultimately the villain will never be a threat no matter what because for whatever reason Seagal is never shown to have any weaknesses. He always dishes out the punishment, but never once receives any in return. And this was the case in this film. Forsythe’s character was so crazy yet once they fought one-on-one Seagal’s character never got touched once. I’ve seen better, more dynamic characters in Power Rangers Dino Thunder!, Ronnel Lewis- The best defender on the preseason #1 team, this linebacker has been under the radar during the draft process so far. Lewis would need an incredible pro day and combine performance to be selected before the Giants have a chance to grab him., Then a woman contacted me from a local church. It turns out that she had found me through a mutual friend online and seen photos of familiar kids while perusing my photo albums. First she seemed suspicious as to how I knew the kids, and then we figured out that we were both Christians and reaching out to the kids with a common goal., I was thinking about the whole Florida thing while loading some hay this morning and I had to come back in and post., Of all the states proposing progressive alternatives to prisons, you wouldn't think it'd be Texas and Kansas leading the national push for less reliance on incarceration and stronger community supervision systems, but there they are., But on Valentine’s Day, I had to make note of one holiday moment that occurred before the debate began., We did manage to have some fun though. Monkey See's birthday party was supposed to be today, but had to be cancelled due to our sickness. I did go and get her the cookie cake that she told me about. Remember when she said that Jesus was going to bring her a cookie cake through the rainbow? Well, she got a cookie cake with a rainbow on it. It was super cute., But while relaxing, her hand dangled in between the cushions, where she felt the snake wriggling around. She screamed and fainted, the snake rushed back under the sofa., Needless to say you’re all probably dying to know where I disappeared to. Some of you no doubt imagined that I cruelly met my fate in a tragic farming accident. There I was feeding the chickens geckos for breakfast (Okay I admit it I don’t know what chickens eat. But I once saw my cat eat a gecko so I’m assuming what’s good for the goose is good for the gander) when suddenly I tripped over a rooster and impaled myself on a pitchfork., I am also in the process of restructuring the site a little bit with different projects, submissions, etc. I'm trying to find a way to make it exciting and actually use Blogger's new features... which means I have to *gulp* read instructions., Occasionally I have found myself in an argument with somebody in a workshop – that is soooo not helpful. By getting into an argument it can often reinforce people’s attitudes or opinions, because they are presenting them forcefully. It would be much more helpful to ask questions, particularly ones that encourage them to reflect on exceptions to their attitudes. (Fran Peavey has some interesting material on strategic questioning.), The track begins an atmospheric, windblown plain as cybernetic crickets chirp subtly in the background. Godwin makes his entry awash in a sea of reverb, imparting a paradoxical sound to the song that simultaneously manages to invoke expansive vistas and also an impossibly intimate space for it to unfurl languorously in. Fender Rhodes piano and synth bass propel the evasive melody forward and shockingly, a touch of vocoder appears on Peter’s backing vocals about halfway through. The song’s dissolute melody always doubles back on the its inorexible pulse forward as fostered by the deliberate rhythm programming. Subtle washes of guitar appear at the fringes of the song to only recede as soon as you notice them., I have lovely friends too. They knew how anxious I was and several weeks ago they presented me with a fait accompli. They were ordering, preparing and serving all the food for a buffet lunch. So while they worked at our house we went to the cemetery. I unveiled the memorial stone and, after a short service in the Prayer House, I read a eulogy to Mum. It would have been easy to ask someone else to do it but I had been so close to Mum and I had things I wanted to say., Every day in the news, there is another article about some kind of animal mother someone is claiming to be: a dolphin, a sloth, a panda... all thanks to the original self-titled "tiger mother" Amy Chua, who got all this craziness started a few months ago., The book doesn't just focus on the positive side of scandalous women's stories either. Some stories are sad, and some are even cringe-worthy, and you'll be glad the scandals didn't happen to you. But these stories can be inspiring too, just by knowing that we aren't alone in our struggles and that we too can overcome obstacles like these women did., When they have learned something, He has a nice way with lyrics too, like the music they're not overly busy but well thought out, usually intimate, thoughtful and contemplative. Occasionally humorous too, as best demonstrated on “Snowship”., We’ve gotten used to the good stuff. We crave the good stuff. We want the good stuff – I WANT THE GOOD STUFF!, Ranka didn’t have anything as inspiring or cheesy, but she’d never have these combat skills either (she won’t need to because she’d have either the SMS/NUNS behind her, or LOL the Vajra swarms); she didn’t even have to fight along with her band (Lovely Bomber) – she just needed to get them space lolicons serving their prison time all hot-blooded. So, if I inserted Ranka in this episode, would she have stolen the show? She’s prettier than everyone so there’s that, but unless she sings Aimo out of context or something, that’s not quite going to happen., It seems that the Middle East, an area we prejudiced Americans often times see as culturally backwards, is having a bit of a cinematic renaissance lately. With second generation Iranian New Wave-ers like Abbas Kiarostami and Jafar Panahi, A Separation (my review of which can be found here), and the film this article concerns, I think that this geographic region, along with Nigeria’s burgeoning film industry, may potentially spark a new artistic movement that has world-wide repercussions. But I digress, and move back to the main topic at hand., This may not be the ultimate revision tool for writers, but it's a fun one. For those of us with the ADD-like symptoms of writer's revisionoia, it's a great place to get a lot of payback for very little effort., That's the gist of what I told my publisher's sales force when I had to present the book to them a couple of weeks ago. It wasn't easy - I had to follow a debut novelist whose book is already tipped for great things and is in discussions about movie rights - and Rastamouse., I: Could I have your Krishna name again?, I spent three weeks with various friends in the UK and Germany and one week driving around Iceland on my own. I wanted to travel alone, with my thoughts and feelings, in the silence of a land full of contradictions, if only to make me feel more normal. And in the middle of a lunar-style-landscape, you find some serious silence., A kea. From a photo by Corey Mosen., Does the power of paint ever get old? Is there anything a gallon of paint can't fix? Have you changed up any rooms with just paint lately? You can read all the details of the Kitchen Renovation here and here., Have you ever heard of Modnique? If you have or haven’t, let me give you a quick run down about Modnique. This is a shopping site where you can find designer brands for discount prices. You have to register on the website to be able to shop. They don’t have an app for your cell phone but they do have a mobile shopping site. Here are just a few examples of brands I have seen on Modnique: pre-owned Rolex, pre-owned Louis Vuitton, Ed Hardy, Michael Kors., The notes are:, Yesterday, she started physical therapy to get her up and walking again. It started with some lessons with Chemo Duck. She learned all about the different instruments the doctors use and why they use them. She was very interested in learning all she could! As you can see, she has no shortage of friends in her bed to practice on!, But I'm here now. Guess the reason I haven't posted lately is my life is quite boring, especially band wise. I'm just living life - not worrying about it too much (the band that is).... we have settled into quite a nice routine., And 100% of those cell phones have batteries that die., Happy Sunday everyone! With Sunday comes another Stampin Sisters in Christ Challenge! Today our hostess is my dear friend and Layers of Color DT Sister, Linda Lucas. The Scripture Linda has chosen for this week is:, Vincent Kompany scored the only goal of the match on Monday evening to help City leapfrog the champions and reach top spot on goal difference with just two games to go., But the end result of the Slippery slope is also impossible to predict in a linear fashion with any degree of accuracy, unless of course you have an army of lawyers, psychologists, psychiatrists, sociologists, and behavioral scientists all in relatively influential positions within state and federal government manipulating the next step on the slope, and all pushing the same propaganda out to a highly susceptible public that has been conditioned to rely on that “expert” opinion and forgo even minimal debate on the merits of the changes to be enacted., 2 fellow, People are so CRAZY, I gather up a mix of vintage linens... old advertising sacks..., Let’s cut Tejada some slack though. He’s a young dude who is making probably close to league minimum and has to come in from Panama as well. I’m sure there are other players who are coming in from great lengths, but I’m willing to give him the benefit of the doubt for some reason., But wait, there’s more., It was midnight. It was dark outside. And once I got off campus, across Windsor, it became pitch black., Such a bad science and misrepresentation of Slavic religion leads us to the third problem – the frustration because the lack of proper study of Slavic religion, meager number of papers on it and reluctance of majority of scholars to research pre-Christian period of Slavic people is open invitation to hordes of cranks ready to fill in the void. Starting with “fakelore”, going through wild hypothesis of Atlantis and Lemuria, down to UFO’s and aliens building pyramidal shaped mountains these cranks are firmly claiming the other side of bad science spectrum, being no better than their counterparts – proponents of “official” science., Wurmcoil Engine, 12...so long ago. I can't believe my oldest is 12 and that I was having my first baby 12 years ago yesterday. Wow., CD #2 highlights include: “White Christmas”, “Deep Purple”, “Without A Song” and “Moonglow.”, I read the book in May and rated it 5 stars – it’s fairly standard Gibson fair, which is great; her celebrity hockey player/party guy hero has a lot to make up for, and it takes him a while, but he comes through. I was concerned about the narrator, Kathe Mazur, since two reviews had mentioned her voice: one called it gravelly, the other called it phone sex operator. She did sort of stage-whisper the narration, as though she was telling you a story but didn’t want anyone else to hear; not having any experience with actual phone sex operators, I’m not sure of the latter but I can see how it might be considered the former. I eventually stopped noticing it, though, and concentrated on the story. I actually think her narration made it a better story for me. She’s a good narrator, and I liked her various voices, even 5-year-old Conner. (However, every time she pronounced Ty Savage’s name as SA-vedge I cringed since Ty’s book made it absolutely clear it’s suh-VAHZHE.) Narration: also 5 stars., Friend: Ask the conductor to let you off at the cemetery stop., rise and linger, Thank you, Victoria for hosting me on Always a Booklover., Men — 1. Jeff Simon; 2. Simon Cho; 3. Travis Jayner; 4. Anthony Lobello; 5. Jonathan Garcia; 6. Kyle Uyehara., I KNOW I have some flower pictures somewhere, but for now this will have to suffice. It's from a trip to England in April 2004, at least that is what the photo file says., With that said, for me to provide the most knowledge and best service to an individual, a team, or camp of baseball players, I should understand why we are using foam rolling before we static stretch. Why would SMR of this nature would make sense before stretching and then proceeding into a dynamic warm-up?, Add water (about 3-4 cups) and bullion to the pan, Electric Prunes - Too Much To Dream, I know I can't be the only one to have this problem. There are bloggers of all ages on the internet and I find it hard to believe I am the only one to loath the word verification process! Speaking of ages, here's a couple who probably have my problem:, In addition to attending a Life in the Spirit Seminar and receiving the Baptism in the Holy Spirit, I strongly recommend a devotion like, “Lectio Divina”. which is a meditative approach to listening to God speak to your heart by prayerful meditation on the scriptures., The trees were in the way so I stepped out of the yard into the wide lawn between the houses to capture some clear shots of the sky. I was only out there a few minutes when I turned around and was met by this sight., Although more famously know for the making the glass flowers exhibited at the Harvard Museum of Natural History, the father and son partnership of Leopold (1822-1895) and Rudolf (1857-1939) Blaschka also made numerous marine invertebrate glass models. Some of the first models they made were sea anemones in the early 1860’s. The Natural History Museum (NHM), London purchased their first set around 1865 and holds over 185 Blaschka glass models consisting of anemones, sea slugs, jellyfish, octopus, squid, protozoans and corals representing their entire model making career. The models were made in a variety ways with many formed over wire skeletons (known as armatures) with the glass fused together or glued. Profiled in various scientific sales catalogues such as Henry A. Ward’s they were to sold museums, universities and private collectors by the Blaschkas themselves and various agents who worked on their behalf worldwide. In the past these models were of scientific importance in teaching but as trends change their significance as works of art are also being highlighted. Each glass model is a unique blend of art, science and craftsmanship looking more life-like than real specimens whose natural colours may fade when stored in jars of preservation fluid over time. This highly illustrated lecture will give a fascinating insight to this collection housed at one of the major natural history museums in the world., What is wrong with this picture???, Marcil, Thank you for your prompt responses,, It’s all gone wrong, “Safe words. If I absolutely hate a piece of clothing you’re trying to argue me into, I say SHARK. SHARK means you must drop all arguing and let that article of clothing go because my dislike for it is non-negotiable. In turn, you have a safe word. If you think I’m dangerously close to looking like a suburban mom with juice stains on my shirt, you simply yell – TOFU. And I must drop said piece of clothing. TOFU has taken the item in question off the table. Everything else is up for discussion. Sound good?” I asked., 24 California Dreamin', Nicolas Cage breaks out of Hell to save his baby granddaughter from Satanic sacrifice. He hooks up with a sweary, ass-kickin' Amber Heard and tries to fend off the cold determined might of William Fichtner, who has been tasked with dragging Cage back to Hell., this pain you can never take back, In my opinion, it is the same reason that C.S. Lewis’ series, THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA remains popular around the world — it is the ageless struggle of GOOD versus EVIL in the form of characters with whom the average person is able to relate., Well as the minutes went by things got increasingly more painful......I hate to be a suck but VERY FREAKING painful......it was at this point that I knew things had gone wrong........shit....5 days before the wedding are you kidding me....I slowly made my way to a mirror and was faced with a shocking situation.....my lids where tomato red and you could see an area where skin had been removed......then my coworker says.....OH NO....look at you...that is going to SCAB!!..........Thankyou...thankyou....that is exactly what I needed to hear at this moment.........like hello couldn't you use your energy in giving my some hints on how to treat this disaster......instead of telling me about my looming scabs!, Money or Time. Time is Money?, Some are arrested for ‘being witnesses to other incidents, one was arrested for crimen injuria’which he denies took place. What they all have in common is that they were put in holding cells with large crowds of hardened black criminals who then preceded to gang-rape them. Some of these men also reported that the black police egged these rapists on to rape them… to ‘teach the white man a lesson’., In Episodes 1-3, the Jedi’s greatest enemy are, therefore, themselves., I have been so busy with crochet and other orders, I haven't had a chance to post about my little competition again, but I haven't forgotten and should be ready to go next week, so watch this space!, I went back to rooting for Cucumber in the tournaments he had left. I barely paid attention to the In The Groove tournament going, and mainly rooted for him with the Dance Dance Revolution Extreme Doubles tournament. That was a hilariously awesome tournament with so many close matches. There ended up being a lot of AAAs (meaning got everything absolutely perfect), and a few upsets. Okay, actually it's kind of hard to describe what the hell happened without being boring, so let's just say Cucumber won that!, Reading Guides:, Ms Rachna Dhingra of the Bhopal Group for Information and Action said that Dow Chemical is evading its civil, criminal and environmental liability in Bhopal ever since it took over Union Carbide in 2001. She alleged that the corporation has accepted its subsidiary’s liabilities in USA but is refusing to accept the liability for deaths, injuries and environmental damage caused by the Union Carbide in Bhopal., Customizable start menu in Windows 8, ZPYSK Blog (zpyskblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time., But many have asked us, "what now?", Until recently this movies was unavailable to purchase or rent on DVD. But it has since been released on DVD, so if you are looking to feel good and remember what its like to have a family member get under your skin than may we highly recommend Coupe De Ville., If Google China censorship in China is done to appease the Chinese government, who or what is Google, Inc (the Internet Mafia) appeasing by filtering, blocking and burying certain information posted on Fire-Earth (this Blog)?, It's fine and dandy that he's dead. Oh well lets look back for a minute. or a few minutes. or maybe an hour. or two. and lets look at why he, and others, planned the attacks that took place three days after my birthday... 9/11. Oh yea that's right. Our messed up foreign policy!, simple ball chain hung from the ceiling. not only does this do the job of providing little bit of privacy, but it sparkled when the light hit it, and looked so chic., HONEYBEE (above right), Exposure to violence during childhood is associated with telomere erosion from 5 to 10 years of age: a longitudinal study, Surf’s Up Nintendo DS, in 2012 we’re going to the polls by the millions., If you don't know what Glamping is, it's the recent term for glamorous(usually 'eco') camping holidays. Mention Glamping to a 'real man' and he gets insulted. It's like an offence, it's like giving Chuck Norris a manicure, or waxing Bert Reynolds chest, or even shaving Hugh Jackman's head oh, and perhaps his chest. lol What a waste. :), UPDATE: From a commenter Simply Wondered…(I have left the original typing style in. SW’s style is unique.. no caps, Have a listen to the 'Doomsday' demo below featuring a fantastic version of the classic 'Shame & Scandal':, I came away from the evening with a tingle of anticipation for the future. The way forward with ereaders still exists in the minds of boffins but it’s going to be developed and soon and I’ve no idea in what way. How exciting is that!, Thru it I learned so much about myself, people, energy, void times. It was the pilot light of a life long passion that has since grown, changed, enhanced every ounce of my life and the lives of others., You can do all things. (Philippians 4:13), The N.I.P.P.A.The N.I.P.P.A. logo is based on an image of Busaganashi, the mythical god of karate. Busaganashi is also known as the Nine Heavens Deity of the Palace of Wind and Fire of the Three Field City., I imagine the evil one loves it when we become distracted. We wander away – lost in our own thoughts – and all too often miss the graces that God so longs to pour out upon us., To conclude, I do want to stress that Making is Connecting is a lovely book, not least because of Gauntlett realistically optimistic approach. Though he’ll happily call ‘rubbish!’ (his 10 things wrong with the media ‘effects’ model is justifiably a classic), he doesn’t wear an ability to be ‘critical’ like it's some sort of pin badge to show membership of the ‘very clever thinkers club’. Academics should be able to say they like things, and I like this book. I’ll end on a positive note, an honest one, and say if you are a maker of any sort, I can wholehearted recommend Making is Connecting. It’ll give you a chance to think about the history and philosophies of crafting cultures. It’ll lift you out of your own maker microculture to help you ponder your wider context. It inspired me to make this post, and others, and to think more about my making. So do read it, even if it does take you a few months to get around to finishing it because you keep putting it down to do something else instead., Thanks for checking out my lastest craftyness!, ULDKM Blog (uldkmblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time., In any well-ordered capitalist society, such “borrowers” would be given one final and very brief interval in which to make repayment. If they were to repay, our purchaser must content herself with an alternative new home., today; live as the King that you are, issue decrees and see them come to pass., 12. I love your sincerity and compassion., “We are an independent trade publisher based in the heart of Canary Wharf along side other world famous media and publishing groups. We publish quality literature which will form the new platform from which twenty first century writers will be discovered. We are therefore searching for authors with excellent writing skills which accord with our high standards. Our lists contain a wide range of subjects both fiction and non fiction, and we produce a variety of interesting and readable books for all ages and tastes.”, There are only two feelings: love and fear., I find it kind of odd that I spend so much of my time in the basement, writing and whatnot. It just seems to be very boring. I suppose if I had the money and the ambition, I could take the vlogging and blogging along to some of those crazy things that go into the Wishful Thinking theme. But, I don’t know, this just seems a bit boring. Maybe I’m just not doing it the right way. Or, maybe, I should just make the most of what I’ve got, because there’s no point in not playing the cards you’re dealt. Play the game!, You might have noticed that little red button in my sidebar that looks like this:, So this self-esteem thing... it's complicated. Youngest LB wants to be loved for her personality. But she likes to be reassured that she looks nice too. Of course what's on the inside matters most. But we can't deny the impact of the external, our appearance matters too. Of course we want to be appreciated for our intelligence, our wit and warmth, our humour and our kindness. But aren't we also delighted when someone tells us we look good?, ‘Tis the gift to be simple, ’tis the gift to be free,, A couple more steps, I wanted an indoor/outdoor rug because this area in our home has a ton of traffic, the rug must be durable. It rains a lot here where we live, and our shoes are usually sopping wet when we enter the house. But I didn't want a typical outdoor rug that had no personality. It had to be something different and geometric yet neutral. Something not stark white so dirt wouldn't show easily. In other words, I am not at all picky., The train sound that resembles the rushing noise of a distant train could be ocean currents., Almost forgot ... the refernce in the title to this piece is for the magnificent goat curry which worked so well with Bon Chiens and the pie which paired up a treat with the Red Tail. Mmmmm!, “I think in Germany, there’s a fear of chaos. Humour is great, but it has its place; it is dangerous if there is too much because it might just corrode everything., By the way, one thing I always admire about my husband is that he buy flowers all the time for me. He buy them even when it is not a special occasion. I think it is nice to get flowers just because. It shows that he cares and thinks about me even when it is not anniversary or special day., to mend their beer-battered wings. Their, Dr. Evil: I have an even better idea. I'm going to place him in an easily escapable situation involving an overly elaborate and exotic death and just assume it all goes to plan.And it's all fun and games until the pilot inadvertently has selected the wrong flight mode and really really really needs the engines spooling up to 110% rated power to miss the ridge top, and the FMS overrules him to keep everything within tolerance., and that they had to be home-made and the judges decision was final. Right. well that wouldnt be too bad. I thought 'Hey, I'll do the old classic Victoria sandwich then!" and then I thought I'd do a bit of research on-line, you know, what they might be expecting and stuff. I heard all-sorts. "bicarb is frowned upon" "never use cream" "caster sugar is the preferred decoration" icing sugar is the preferred decoartion" "a doily should be used" "don't use a cake stand, it's showing off, they don't like that" ARRRGH! So then from what I suddenly thought would be a nice little thing to do totally stressed me out because I didn't want to end up a complete obvious failure when I pride myself on being an alright baker! I had visions of my cake sitting there, glaringly covered in the wrong type of sugar with a placard next to it saying "disappointing" LOL!, This Is Just For You To Say… at The Byronic Man. My latest blog find, I know I’m gonna love the blend of humor and pop culture here. Anybody who ever took English Lit will appreciate this post (it’s fun to participate too!), When they were brought to Edinburgh, the only evidence against Cuthill was that he had been armed in suspicious circumstances. Had Cuthill acknowledged the authority of the King and Council, then he could have expected to spend some time in Edinburgh’s tolbooth before being liberated under caution on the conditions that they lived orderly and did not attend field preachings., Everyone's heard I&P enough, and probably actually enjoyed it more times than they care to admit- But we don't need to hear it again anytime soon, do we..?. Here's what the kids also got in 1967 when they bought it. The Strange, yet catchy, "Birdman Of Alkatrash." It is what it is, but it's actually kind of a fun song, but i'm biased because i actually dig this hippy trippy goof ball psychedelic crap. I think it's a real hoot., This post is all about books so I thought maybe some of you, who read my posts on a regular basis, have wondered where the stories that I attach to my work originated. Here is a summary of each book., So what does this have to do with clothing? Well, the first staple we talked about is your wide shot. If you have the right suit, all the details we addressed will fade into the background and just give off the presentation of a well-made, well-fitting suit., This is the first saying I used on my new Chalkboard sign., “By ourselves and the Sibiu, both,” Lord Thibault said with excitement coloring his cheeks. “Imagine what we could accomplish if it could be shown that we have the power to aim the stuff of nightmares into the hearts of our enemies’ strongholds?”, 5 Resources to Help You Write SEO Friendly Blog Posts by Carrie Mumford. This is an awesome opening resource for those looking for ways to expand their site visibility., Have a look and see for yourself., However, I am sure to not read a hard copy of that any time soon. That is because I got this cool device, which is named, Kindle. After a long wait of one week post ordering, this thing got delivered. And I am in love with it. The screen had a diagram of where to plug in the charger, the moment I took it out of the box. I tried scratching that screen to reveal the display. I was so wrong. That was the display! It is so paper like. I feel like I have made a decent investment on this., There are times in my life where I display a lot of pride and even bravado when it comes to things that I do. However, I never claim perfection and definitely don’t want to defend wrong actions. That is where my humility has come into play., Take the back roads. Avoid 32, and the traffic. Stop and enjoy the scenery, and eat al fresco at the Crossroads. The $29.95 all you can eat crab special is active. We saw the sign on our way north on the Ten Oaks/Linthicum route the other day., Postscript: I've added a link to Peter Nelhaus's fine writeup (with lovely screen caps) of Susan Slade. Despite the deliberately provocative title, my main idea in writing this piece was "Hey, these early-1960s films that I love deserve a second look." So if anyone else has a post on some of these, or a similar movie from 1959-1963, post a link in comments by all means and I'll add it here. I'll start by also linking to Peter's post about Strangers When We Meet (b/w Town Without Pity, which also roughly fits our parameters despite the German setting). The Siren forgot about Richard Quine because--well, see banner above. Because of that., To be efficient, 61 cups unbleached all purpose flour + 1 tbs salt, mix, “Because I’m not a completely INSANE MORON!!” declared Arik stomping his foot. “I want to leave this besotted cave, and I want to go to Hobbington and have a huge meal of roasted chickens, braised chicken breasts, chicken soup, chicken kabobs, and fresh CHICKEN dumplings!”, I’ve also been progressing details around an idea I had about six years ago which I’ve been trying to get off the ground since. My ACC has agreed that we should pilot this idea to see what value it adds:, The bigotry and other selfish prejudices, (Inevitably, one has to wonder who Hammer had in mind to play their new Dracula: I’m not aware of any documentation on this being available. The obvious choice for me would have been Ralph Bates, were it not for the fact he’d been in the previous film as one of the Count’s acolytes (not to mention that he was also the new Frankenstein in Horror of Frankenstein). No-one else in the Hammer rep company really fits the bill for me.), It is Saturday and was sitting in chair, laptop on lap, surfing away., I have also been having (too) much fun making these Christmas cards. I could do it ALL day long. Hope you enjoy!, Discover Frontierville tricks in FrontierVille Secrets, the best guide on how to play Frontierville., Without Jesus we are nowhere. Than we could not be saved and would not have such a marvellous prospect., I lie awake and ask, ‘Where have I gone wrong?’ A voice says to me, ‘ This is going to take more than one night. More than one life ‘, Quilted Suede Pet Covers, “I’ll go with him through the waters” – why do the Baptists leave this one out?, “Look at yourselves. Some of you teenagers, students. How do you think I feel and I belong to a generation ahead of you – how do you think I feel to have to tell you, ‘We, my generation, sat around like a knot on a wall while the whole world was fighting for its human rights – and you’ve got to be born into a society where you still have that same fight.’ What did we do, who preceded you ? I’ll tell you what we did. Nothing. And don’t you make the same mistake we made….”, We went home for a very quick visit so my Mom, Sister and I took the boys out to Wildwood to see if we could get any good pictures. Mom had her camera too and Aunt Whitney helped us chase the kids around, keep them out of the pond and helped make them smile for the cameras! Here's what we got...I think they turned out pretty good for amateurs!, A crowd is a mob., Your ignorance, which finds not till it feels,, The consistency of the filling is more like thin banana bread batter., 8-Add Lemon juice if required ,garnish it with chopped cilantro and serve., Long queues outside every bank begin forming the afternoon before 8am opening., Clemons, who was the oldest member of the E Street Band (Springsteen is 62), also performed with the Grateful Dead, the Jerry Garcia Band, and Ringo Starr’s All Star Band. He recorded with a wide range of artists including Aretha Franklin, Roy Orbison and Jackson Browne. He also had his own band called the Temple of Soul., Lately, I have been trying to not let stress get me too riled up. But it is so easy to do when you loose faith even a little. I'm in this constant battle in my head with "everything happens as it's supposed to" and "oh no! maybe I should do A, B, and C in hopes I get D!", The lawsuit takes aim at Baracon director Brett Rogers, whom La Trobe claims “aided, abetted, counselled, procured and was knowingly concerned” in contravention of the Trade Practices Act when the Argus building was sold in 2004 to the university for $8 million., I was lucky enough to win a big door prize of Tim Holtz stuff as well as an honourable mention for a fun card I created. I will share that card once I fix it.... my main card layer didn't hold up as well as I had hoped LOL!, *You wear size 18-24 months, April 19 TBA, Athens GA, The frame is not wood but plastic so its not super high quality but I LOVE that the matte comes with the frame because those can really add to the cost of framing if you need to buy one per frame. There is something about a matte that really makes kids artwork go from messy to masterpiece!, About five hours after I wrote that last post I went into labor. I woke up with mild and erratic contractions a little after midnight on Saturday, August 13th but within three hours they were coming every five minutes so we decided to head over to the hospital fully expecting that they would dissipate like they always have., Cut oranges into halves., De Paris a Cadix (From Paris to Cadiz, 1847), Shrugging on capes and dimming down their sparkles, we exit vampires, at long last., But I can't even get the Lone Ranger, Last but definitely not least, creating a cozy sitting area in a playroom, is a for sure must! And it can be as easy as tossing some pillows in a corner! It gives your little ones a place to snuggle up with a good book, or to take some quiet down time. They will appreciate it as much as you will! The biggest benefit is that it encourages them to pick up a book, which circles us back to easy peasy step number 1., "Summer!" giggles a bevy of orchids in bloom, flaunting their jewel colours from the precious shade., Huckleberry Finn has been rocking the Korean indie club circuit for over a decade and is one of Korea’s finest harder edged alternative rock units around. Part of this is due to the ferocity of lead singer Lee Soyoung’s vocals, whose husky rock howl matches pound-for-pound ever other rock singer in the scene. And while Huckleberry Finn won’t have the broadness of Jaurim’s appeal, being quite tied to their specific alternative rock sound, Lee Soyoung will provide the kind of powerhouse female rock vocals that will rattle the audience, especially when tied up with the band’s potent arrangements., “This is a bad idea,” Rotenberg said. “Not just bad in the sense that it opens the door to Big Brother surveillance, but it “… puts Internet users and companies at greater risk of identity theft, corporate espionage and surreptitious spying.”, The Exodar was no exception to the rebuilding process. Even with the position with which it landed, all of it’s nooks and crannies were used to build a working city. Carefully it was divided into districts: one for their Shaman brethren, who had helped them escape from Draenor; one for followers of the Light, central to their people; and one for the traders and the creators, those who could craft and make the items they needed to live, where one could trade their wares for other goods and services. Not to mention the great hall they had put together for their Naaru visitor, with it’s spiral upwards to the inn where most of their allies would stay. Those that lived in the city usually stayed in the living accommodations in the various other tiers, in small nooks and crannies that could serve as more private rooms in the generally open layout of the ship. Or city, as it was now., there’s a will…., Penal institution records show that recidivism rates for those who receive no education while incarcerated are almost 75 percent. Compare that to the 16 to 25 percent rate for offenders who receive literacy and vocational assistance., Pardon the interruption in Potato. But we are on the brink of doing something fun, and our getting ready has taken away most of our time., So I waited and waited and 15 minutes after the store closed... my boyfriend comes home. The first thing I think when I see him all happy and sneaky is "AHH HE GOT IT FOR ME!" but he kept telling me he didn't. So I went cranky pants on him, especially after he told me that he probably wouldn't be home soon enough today either. After fifteen minutes of crankypantsing around he probably thought he'd broken my heart into tiny pieces enough so he got his schoolbag out of the car and showed the Skyward Sword box to me. I went crazy happy and I showered him with kisses and for fifteen minutes. So now, my friends... IMMA PLAY SOME ZELDA! Love you!, Accounting – Todd M. Hines (MSLS, MBA, CPA), Princeton University Library Finance – Chris LeBeau (MLS, MBA), University of Missouri Kansas City Management – Elisabeth Leonard (MLS, MBA), Sage Publications Marketing – Andy Spackman (MBA, MLS), Brigham Young University, After making a huge loop around town we satisfied our rumbling tummies with cupcakes from Lilac Moon Cupcakes, a recco from Sam and Jeff and breakfast of champions., You can always bring two or even three bottles, then choose the one that goes best with what you order. This tactic is even better when there are several of you dining out together. Or you can bring a wine that pairs well with meat or fish. You might also want to bring along a desert wine in addition to a main-course wine., - England unless with every other ethnic group’s territory (with Wales, Scotland and Ireland all brutally colonized, probably not considering the German link through the Angle conquest later but maybe under EU auspices, only if those 3 kingdoms want to), Those of us who arrived early chatted while drinking coffee, before all the optimism got sucked out of us. Last month, we got notice that Medicaid provider payments due March 16 were to be delayed and that “a payment date has not been established.” Many friends in private practice, especially in rural areas where the great majority of their patients have Medicaid, have already forgone their own paychecks. Many have had to let staff go (one lost 40% of her staff this week) AND take out emergency loans. Some of the younger docs are already talking about leaving Alabama completely., 1/4 cup shredded low-fat Mexican cheese blend, 3. If you buy from 1 shop, like another's Facebook page and comment on another's shop, this earns you 1 entry., Im showing you the skins in the Dusty tone., the beginning but definately getting better......, It's goodness, angels, democracy Saki... Saker... Sake-guy vs Putin, evil Russia, dare I say it, communism!, Here is our new calendar!!, 4 large carrots peeled and cut into large sections (about 4 per carrot), director sama is very pro D: amaaaaaazing., Practicing in your paintball gun. You begin your research and see what upgrades are available for the paintball marker repair to the olden ways surely won't hurt and using the paintball marker repair on markers, paint-balls, defensive gear along with other nontoxic ingredients. Whilst some individuals choose a particular manufacturer,most are much more realistic weapons as compared to paintball. Yet if perhaps an individual look at the paintball marker repair of the paintball marker repair a semi automatic paintball marker firing systems. These include electro-pneumatic firing system, mechanical firing system, mechanical firing system, mechanical firing system, mechanical firing system, pump, and electo-mechanical guns. Hoppers, often called as loaders, are used to store your paintball marker. This leads to serious competition. The player in the paintball marker repair be upgradeable which means as your own typical, common paintball firearm. However, paintball shoppers of which is said to be for scenario play as well and come in a particular unpleasant means. Consequently, limbs as well as forts so you can keep yourself hidden as well and come in shapes of walls, buildings/forts and armored vehicles such as blow back, hybrid blow back, electronic, pump, semi-auto, and full-auto are now available in the paintball marker repair to make a big financial commitment in equipment., (i have no picture to represent that, by the way....), Yes, I made another card with the poinsettia from Penny Black. I can't seem to stop! I embossed it in white and coloured it with Distress Inks in Spun Sugar and Victorian Velvet., I still poked around the website, entertaining the idea joining a training group and getting LOTS OF ATTENTION at races for being a REAL LIVE CROHN’S SUFFERER WHO RUNS HALF-MARATHONS. Then I saw that one of the perks that would be included if I joined a race and raid money would be accommodations and travel to whatever exotic locale my race was in. So who would be paying for that? My friends and family who already tithe, give money and hugs to panhandlers, and start schools in Africa., 27 One Nation under Clod, "I'll do the damned commentary.", Q. We hear of the subsidy probe report, do you think the government can bring the culprits to justice?, ISBN-10: 1451617054, The path home traverses through a graveyard and a woodland before emerging at my home village. It would be a dark route to follow, especially on a night like tonight. As a miner, I always have a torch so finding my way wouldn't be too hard. The graveyard was super spooky and scary. I saw at least twelve ghosts. They were playing poker until they saw me, at which point they made a half-hearted boo before returning to their game. A quick glance suggested one of the ghosts had a full house. Looks like he might win., The basement bar is one of the city's smallest, and it feels like half of Sydney is already here, cocktails in hand and chattering up a storm., I am getting ready to go to college and I’m breaking up with my high school boyfriend in the process. Before I take the next step, I feel I need to cleanse my soul. Should I come clean to my boyfriend and admit that I was unfaithful to him, or just allow us to go our separate ways?, We have had wooden soldiers added to the scene and even cannons introduced!, It turned out with really nice photos – I will give you a link when Tony put them up on the blog., "Going to school doesn’t mean not getting to know your own family. It doesn’t mean not becoming good friends with your siblings. But being unschooled means getting the chance to hang out with them all the time. To learn with them the way kids in school learn with their classmates. To learn with them in ways that classrooms can’t really ever encompass. Being unschooled means living together during the day as well as the evening and the winter as well as the summer. Not knowing that you’re supposed to be divided up into grade levels and younger kids are supposed to be boring and older kids are supposed to be off limits. Being unschooled means being in it together. Every day. And I am so thankful that I got the chance to be with my brothers like that.", Yours on the cusp of summer – Lenore, This is a shot of my sewing machine...which is covered in ink and paint because I leave it out at all times, and it's just a few inches away from where I work. But, I don't mind. I love this old thing!, it is so hard, Why can't I have a home like hers?, “He drafted his daughter’s suitor? That’s horrible.”, He condemns Christian love because he thinks it is an outcome of fear… It does not occur to Nietzsche as possible that a man should genuinely feel universal love, obviously because he himself feels almost universal hatred and fear, which he would fain disguise as lordly indifference. His “noble” man–who is himself in day-dreams–is a being wholly devoid of sympathy, ruthless, cunning, concerned only with his own power. King Lear, on the verge of madness, says: “I will do such things–what they are yet I know not–but they shall be the terror of the earth.” This is Nietzsche’s philosophy in a nutshell., 6. Is it a challenge being a single again?, The era of a Something-Like-United States ended -- again, to choose an arbitrary date -- about 1960., Things start to get blurry at this point. I remember snippets of the night. I remember walking around to three or four more bars (continuing to get double shots at each). I remember sitting by the pool for a while chatting. I remember laying out on the deck chairs (even though it was well past dark and probably chilly) talking and getting all drunk emotional. I remember dad making me walk a straight line and being shocked at how well I did it (I have no idea how I did this; he was probably too shit-faced himself to really see me.), Topiary & Black ink, If the child reacts well and enjoys the experiences, and if all the above conditions are met, the child is probably ready to attend a sleep-away camp., Hopefully I'll catch you all later... LiBBiE in Oz, “What’s he doin’ upstairs with your wife?”, In the 2007 business year, which ran 7/1/07 to 6/30/08, DDDB raised $293,952 in direct public support and spent $411,764 on functional expenses, including $385,094 on program services and $21,963 on fundraising. That meant a deficit of $117,297 for the year, and less than $21,000 left over., "Stop.I need to use the restroom," I say, "Take a number from the pharmacist, and tell her what other meds you take.", Therefore, as you can see – lots of good reasons to ensure you eat plenty of sources., 169Deepens the murmur of the falling floods,, From my perspective, it seemed as if the demographics of the hobby had changed over night and I didn't like the change, especially now that I was one of the "older kids" I looked up to when I was younger. In retrospect, it's obvious to me how hypocritical I was back then, wanting to distance myself from the 10 year-olds clutching their Elmore-covered Basic Sets the way I had done with Sutherland-covered one a mere six years before. But six years is a long time in the life of a child and, as a teenager, I wanted no reminders of my younger self. Thanks goodness that the teenagers of my younger years did not feel the same way!, There are many more titles out there in the world of steampunk comic books, graphic novels, manga, and webcomics; this brief list just highlighted a few that I've winnowed out as the best that 2010 has to offer., Is for you to shut the fuck up., I never liked Paranormal Activity. It sold itself to me as the scariest movie ever ever EVER and then was decidedly lacking. I wasn’t scared, I was annoyed, partly I was annoyed for not being scared, but mainly I was annoyed because even I, and I’m quite frankly lovely, like Anne Diamond, not only didn’t care if hideous things happened to the ghastly lead characters, but was actually actively encouraging of horrible things happening to them. My husband on the other hand was scared. While I was feeling downright let down by the whole cinematic event he was balancing on a razor edge of fear. Even early in the film, as Katie and the bafflingly named Micah are barely even entertaining the possibility that their home has a demonic squatter, my husband was already braced to the point of pulling several muscles for the night vision terrors that lay ahead. Paranormal Activity clearly plays on our most basic fears, the childlike certainty that monsters lurk in the shadows of our rooms and that every nocturnal sound is something evil closing in on us. I myself am a big fan of sleeping so even I can understand the unsettling building dread of having the sanctity of your sleepy time bower destroyed. My husband, on the other hand, finds the whole thing to be an exercise primordial terror; the expectation, the jump scares, the sinister sounds, demons, just generally, and thee eternal standing and staring. The last one there may be a little bit my fault, I do have a tendency for apparently creepy eyes open sleeping and sometimes, more alarmingly, singing - this has probably damaged him immeasurably., Rodriguez was rated as the fourth-best prospect in the state of Florida out of high school and grew into the starting role as point guard for K-State towards the end of the season. He was heavily recruited by Martin, who often looked to Miami as a place to get players in his time with the Wildcats. Martin, of course, coached high school basketball in Miami before he joined Bob Huggins’ staff in Manhattan in 2006., The best thing about kids Halloween polo shirts is that the child is easily dressed up for the holiday, but doesn’t have to wear an uncomfortable costume that might be tiring for the kid and also be very expensive for you. They are a great solution if you don’t have time to get a costume or if your child is very young or very old. Teenagers also enjoy this., This is all being covered by my respective publishing houses, which is wonderful of them, so please thank them for arranging it all., Critiques can be a double-edged sword at times, tho. What one reader determines as a problem area, another will take no issue with. In the end, you may be left wondering who's right. Perhaps you see the merits of both sides--so you don't know what the heck you should do., Two different worlds, two different leaderships, two different visions..., With U.S. cities moving this week to crack down on Occupy Wall Street encampments - including the one in New York's Zuccotti Park - the staying power of the movement is in question. Whatever its future, it's clear that so far, the Occupiers haven't changed many minds on Wall Street over blame for the country's hard times. The cognitive disconnect between the protesters and the captains of finance is alive and well., 01. Opening, Yesterday we were eating some delicious watermelon. I truly believe that this is the most delicious watermelon I've ever tasted. It's totally ironic because when I was little you would of never caught me eating watermelon. I don't know what happen that made me change my mind hehe. =P, Pears, The background paper fits perfectly as it has blue, green and brown tones in it so I deliberately chose sepia photos to accent the brown tones. Once I had decided on the photo layout I added some vintage themed embellishments. Finish with some journaling and you have a really nice page. Hope you like it., Papers - Nitwits Collection- Great expectations and Bundle of Joy, Off to Colombia…, Note: You may want to have an extra jar of sauce on hand. I ended up using a little more than what was called for. (Close to half of the second jar.), “Thinking about Tucker and your brothers?” Ella asks., Just what I need!, So women and men who absorb these movies are sent messages on what things we “should” look for in a man, but never really addresses the complexities of what we REALLY WANT – a guy in the middle. Also, men are sent messages that women want the kind of guys we see in these kinds of movies and they start doing such things in real life to get women, only to walk away with less than favorable results., All the links for the Design Teams blogs are in the sidebar (or you can click on their names above the pics) so please go and have a look to find out exactly how they have created their projects and leave them some love. :o), DISCLAIMER: I am not saying I have proven anything here about which parenting style is best. I'm just saying the studies like this one are faulty. I would love to see a real study done with a group of actual permissive parents. Here is an article with a list that seems to support permissive parenting (but don't bother taking the quiz)., "I ent bin nowhere by", The O’Neill court also struck defendant’s supplemental notice of discovery and inspection, which sought production of all electronic and written data from plaintiff’s computer, cell phone, personal digital assistant, and postings to his social media sites, as well as authorizations to access this information. Reiterating the well-settled principles that “the test is one of usefulness and reason” and that “a party does not have the right to uncontrolled and unfettered disclosure,” the court held that defendant had failed to establish “any foundation” to warrant access to plaintiff’s electronic writings or social media accounts. The court noted that defendant had not deposed plaintiff on such issues, which “might” have provided the necessary foundation., SHD: OK, OK, the problem is linked to the media . If we had radio stations who'd really dare to play good music, the scene would improve . Please remember that there are only 250,000 people living on this reef, so we should be thankful that there is so much going on., Another common sentiment is "it's not fair. I don't know anything about video/marketing/queries/etc." Sure it's fair. If you were expected to design a bridge or rebuild a carburetor as part of the publishing process, that would be unfair. You're a creative. If you can learn to write a book, you can learn to make a trailer, or at least learn to get a trailer made. The good news is no one expects you to change their lives in sixty seconds or 250 words. Refer to the above: convey the essence of your work. Be exciting. That's it!, -The second supposition is that both national (e.g., USA Today, Wall Street Journal) and local newspapers cover topics that are more widely varying than magazines or TV, especially local newspapers since they also are attempting to cover stories of local interest., But.whatever.I'm.still.dealing., Note : Have you ever been confronted by a road bully when you try to caution them?, Nothing Sacred (US…William A.Wellman), As I looked up at the blue sky, *cue Eye of the Tiger*, You would think that I, or anyone else, would jump at the chance. And if you were to ask me, just before the skeleton crawled out of his dusty abode, I would have said that I was definitely doing my part in the relationship., For those of you who have the cookbook, and I know many of you who do, page 112 is where you will find it. Go ahead and add the changes as a variation if you like, you won't hurt my feelings one bit. It still has that nice lemony flavor, now a bit creamier. Enjoy!, Other than pro-life advocates, I don’t know when it was decided that other adults could substitute their judgment for my own – and I wasn’t to be offended because it was only a little treat, or a little juice, or a little candy. No matter the rationale, schools shutting down the treat buffet can’t be a bad thing. By the time my child gets to school, I hope to be free of others’ judgment at least when it comes to food. Let’s extend that to all fronts and keep food-based celebrations at home where they belong. And for the state officials inspecting food lunch? God save us all if this is the best thing we can think to do with dwindling school budgets’ time and money., Here Duchamp has the correct vision, which has been an inspiration behind my style of literature on this blog, which is recreation of designs of forms to wrap around the traditional forms and their traditions, to liberate the chess forms from feudal and warrior terminologies, and replace such with magical, mystical, divinatory and moreover love storyland symbolism. Starting with the base of Conty’s symbols, establishing oneself well with the forms that history has bequeathed us and then recreating those forms, playing with those forms, transforming those forms precisely according to the rasa or taste of the chess games itself, in line with its moods, in the context of each of what Duchamp calles here ‘the struggle’, which even that does not have to be fixed and bound. One could reinterpret even Duchamp here, and replace struggle with ‘dance’, which too has an element of force in its motions as does struggle., Our polical stage now is centered with hatred and grudges, accuses and lies, drama and tragedy rather than collaborations and positive actions towards the Rakyat’s good. You as government’s representive should not in any way show your support towards the opponent, and so do to the Opposition should not even show a smile to the opponent. Okay sorry, I am a bit exaggerting. But seriously, without considering our own good, these two components will never find solution for the betterment of the country. Like two pigs meet in a big swamp, who wants to be the PM?, pounds out her meat;, Action mystery fans and those who like a little fright in their stories will enjoy these., Art? Well it would have made to the select cellar of a hundred million or so unwatched arty-farty fillums, down there with Melancholia and Tree Of Life, but it was not shot in black and white., It now has a new owner. The downstairs has been changed into the comfy leather settee and coffee table layout and I immediately sensed smokers were not welcome because of it's middle class atmosphere., The Beholder had written a checklist:, So now I’ve no band, and am back to my melancholic solo project, the ‘manager’ is in Broadmoor for the rest of his earthly, and the blog has to be remodelled., I hope that Cora’s Story results in a pulse oximetry test on every baby. I want to help Aaron’s mom, Cora’s mom, Logan’s mom and all the other parents of CHD children to spread awareness and hope. Sawyer’s death may not have been caused by a CHD but it did make me realize how many children do die because of heart defects. Please ask your child or grandchild’s pediatrician if they provide heart screening., 5. The Doctor once spent a revealing evening with Frank Sinatra, Einstein and Father Christmas., I wrapped a little bit of The Twinery twine, and MFT Berrylicious ribbon around parts of the card and performed some magic with my Janome Mini Sewing Machine - added the matching sentiment and it was done!, There is a lack of physical security for journalists, he said, referring to those who have been killed, disappeared and incarcerated., I choose to remember and give Thanks for my life! It could have been different. I did not have to wake up this morning yet I DID! I AM filled with Thanksgiving for this gift of life! I give thanks as I move about this day, knowing it is a gift that I will cherish. I do not put off until tomorrow those things I can accomplish today., To Him be glory and dominion unto ages of ages., Khan is the villain. Benedict Cumberbatch is reportedly playing Khan but that this is not going to be similar to how he was portrayed previously in both film and TV forms. According to Trek Movie, they are aiming for a more “Batman Begins” feel and that Khan may be like the series’ Joker., 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed basil, So I have a little over a month left till classes end. Then I have 3 days of exams. Going back to college is crazy. But in all honesty I am glad I did it now rather than waited longer because I think the longer I wait the harder it would have been to get in to the swing of things., Friday the 13th (1980), My family joined me at some point and we found a secret underground entrance into one part of the building complex, but the competition ended as soon as we found it, and so everyone had to start leaving; but I can not remember what happened next exactly, except that my family & I went home to a house that looked like part of my grandfather’s house from the inside., so that whatever you ask the Father in my name he may give you., Love isn't something that should change me for the worse. It shouldn't make me compromise what is good in me. It shouldn't make me angry or scared or worried., They chose St. Coca’s Church and the Carton House in Maynooth, County Kildare, Ireland, to host their beautiful day. Scroll down for all the eye candy and for an in-depth chat with Kelly about all the details ..., Whilst we are sitting in the breakfast circle on of our group, Claire is fiddling with a stick in the grass. One of the oldest boys notices and we have a conversation about sticks; 'stock' in German, a language game develops, pointing to our three sticks; "stock stock stick. Stock, stick stick. Stock, stick, stock." This develops into digging at the long grass with sticks, which then develops into a farming game, raking the dead grass like hay. The boy co-opts two of my colleagues into the game telling them when they can have a break and stop for coffee. Another boy in his peer age group comes over and is invited to join the 'work' a much smaller girl wants to join in too and us given a stick to work with. He spends the whole morning at this work and creates big pile of grass which he surrounds with sticks., Four and a half weeks until school is over. Despite the relatively safe haven that my son's preschool has been and my concerns over what kindergarten may bring, I can't wait. I'm sick of dealing with those people, tired of constantly hectoring my child to do better, better, better when he's actually a pretty good kid and he's made amazing progress. Can't we just go play in the mud and ride little trains for awhile? I guess I'm burned out. Maybe everybody is., Honey's work schedule. I know that nobody can help it.. it's what Shipyard does to a crew, but it's sucked something fierce., Well, that is all for today!, I just interviewed the, - Lisa, Los Angeles, USA, 21/2/2012 05:01, So you can see, Jim, where this might be cause for concern., soon ruled the room, and rent the scope., I want the world to just be honest. I want to the world to just be kind. I want the world to be filled with acceptance where I do not feel I always have to please others at the end of the day and seek their approval. I know the only approval I need to seek is His. Yes, I know too the world I describe is only one found in a fantasy world...or maybe that is what heaven is like?, Yet, it's her story too - how she both did and didn't live it out for me - that had impact on my heart. Because of her, and even all of the places she hurt me, helped to shape the woman I am today., We got a real Christmas tree this year and it smells so good in my house! The last few years I had a peacock theme, but this year I decided to go more classic with a burgundy red, light green and gold. I am also going to start giving the kids an ornament each year. Morgan is going to get a Disney ornament and Cam is going to get an animal ornament. I found the cutest animal ornaments at Macy's. I wanted to buy all of them, but I just got three. The lion below is one of them...I also got a bear and a fox. I am really regretting not buying more now! But, I want Cam to have a variety of ornaments, not all the same style...so hopefully they will come out with more cute animal ornaments next year!, High sodium loads in the body of people with impaired heart functioning can start a heart failure incident, which may lead to death. Not only is excessive salt hard on your blood vessels, it also affects your bones, kidneys, and your stomach., We're doing "fine" here. Considering what is going on around us. When the first big quake hit, around 2:45 in the afternoon on Friday, I ran to Gray's room and grabbed him out of his crib. We've had plenty of earthquakes in the 2.5 years we've been here, but this one was huge. Gabe started crying and calling for me --I got him too and we huddled on the stairs away from windows and light fixtures. The two big boys were walking home from school and came in while the house was still shaking. They thought it was exciting. I yelled at them to "GET BACK OUTSIDE!" because I'd just been told if you're outside, you're supposed to stay outside! I sat on the stairs praying: "Please protect my kids, please protect my kids, please protect my kids..." It seemed to last forever (around 5 minutes I've heard) and then the aftershocks just kept coming and coming. They're still coming., Golden and brown, as you muse, I have an evening work event in a fortnight and today heard two of the women making a comment about how I was likely to embarrass myself yet again., Sleep, and let them come..., The woman correctly spelled 'Love', and Saint Peter welcomed her into Heaven., Heads up…the femme fatales of punk rock Civet will be performing at The Doll Factory, home of the Derby Dolls, on Saturday, September 13th., Alaska Airlines is pleased to announce new daily nonstop service between Portland and Pasco beginning in late August, 2012., “Who is this Kozlov?” she asked, her tone urgent. “Why was he here tonight?”, The Cooking Process:, You were born on Tuesday, September 13th, 2011. I went to work that morning to teach 5th grade. The morning was a little rough as my big belly made it very difficult to sleep. It was very hard for me to get out of bed but I did and I made it to work. I did feel a little strange, but just thought it was due to the fact that I was 35 weeks pregnant with twins, chasing around your big brother and teaching 5th grade. So I went on with the day. I taught my first two classes all the while just feeling a little "weird". During my third hour class I left my kids with an assignment and headed to the office to have my blood pressure checked. I could not shake the feeling that something was up. My blood pressure checked out fine, but I was just not convinced. So I called my doctor and he told me to come in. I was supposed to have my 35 week checkup that day after school, but instead I got a sub and took a half day and went in at 11:30., He doesn’t understand. I can’t talk like humans do and he doesn’t comprehend my language, which relies heavily on subtle visual signals. Oh well., Enjoy and hope you're inspired to send a card or two!, right Fabricio, it has been a while. Tried to make one but I failed, "Unschooling isn't about parental rights. It's about children's rights. A childs right to choose their own path in life, with the support and assistance of parental or other care-giving figures in their life." June, So the next time you see a book with a so-so title, don't pass it by, give it a go. You might be pleasantly surprised. Sometimes writers use up all their creativity in the writing of their books and have nothing left for the title., One in eight women will get breast cancer sometime in their lives. That’s the worst math ever, if you ask me. It shouldn’t be ignored. It should make each and every one of us incredulous, angry and proactive. But it usually doesn’t. I totally understand that. I wasn’t proactive or incredulous or angry either., Article 29 With respect to such infringement as provided in Article 47 of the Copyright Law, in addition to holding the infringer for civil liabilities, a people's court, if so requested by the complaining party, may impose upon the infringer appropriate civil penalties according to the stipulations of Item 3 of Article 134 of the General Principals of Civil Law, the amount of penalty may be determined by referrence to relevant stipulations of the Implementing Regulations of the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China., “I’ve got no mother, no wife, no kids. I had, but my mother’s dead, and I lost my wife and my kids when I had my trouble. Women are bitches. It’s hard for a chap to live without any affection in his life.”, I'll let you know how I get on with my "to do" list. However tonight I think that the first thing to do might be to go to bed as it's almost 11pm., In the Telegraph, she proclaimed as fact (rather than highly contested speculation) that there were female priests and even bishops in the early Christian church. In the Guardian yesterday she claimed that Theodora, wife of the Byzantine emperor Justinian, was largely responsible for the legal reforms named after her husband. She "incarnated the Biblical understand of wisdom as the ability to make sound judgements" and ruled "with wisdom's lilies woven through her crown." This is, shall we say, a partial description of her known character. Hughes also celebrates the little-known (in the West) 7th century Chinese Empress Wu Zetian:, I have a philosophy in life. I do good because I am a good person, not because I have a fear of punishment nor do I do good because I want a reward in the afterlife. I do good simple because I want people to do good to me., Combine all ingredients in the food processor and process until a sticky mixture is formed. Roll the sticky mixture into 12-14 balls. Store in the refrigerator and enjoy!, (Which worked out good, as my Mom really wanted to see pictures of the hunky Marine I was dating.), Hope you are all having a great week. I know many of you have seen the many versions of the Ikea Rast Dresser that are out there already, but if not...check them out! Just Google Ikea Rast Hack and dozens upon dozens show up., coinage, there is still a huge shortage of local currency. Businesses with, 1- They love to carry small things (toys, decorations, items from nature, etc) around in anything with a handle (Baskets, including Easter baskets, old purses, lunch boxes, book bags, etc)., Indonesia’s Consumer Price Index (inflation) data for April increased to 4.5 percen, above expectations of 4.46 percent vs 3.97 percent in March., The Cricket Victoria room is a lovely spot from which to watch the cricket and the company includes many faces familiar to sports fans and cricket tragic alike. The beer is served with a smile from friendly staff and the meals and snacks are several standards above the over-priced fare on offer to the huddled masses. You can choose to sit inside and watch through the full length windows or make your way outside to the reserved-seating-very-nice-viewing area and contemplate just how lucky you are to be there., There are many problems that arise to a person because of which he has to face a lot of problems for treating them. In this way, there is a problem that mostly happens to kids and they are sometimes habitual to it. The name of that problem is Eczema. It is a problem that happens with a kid due to itching and rubbing on a same part of body for a long time. There is a solution available to most of the people for the problem and that is Cream for Eczema. This cream is available in most of the parts of the world and on many medical shops. Generally, they are of low cost and are affordable from every section of society. Its application can provide relief to the children from the problem which they are facing actually., Cordovan, Austin, TX is a really awesome place I would love to show you around., Poitier has directed a number of popular movies such as A Piece of the Action; Uptown Saturday Night, and Let’s Do It Again (with friend Bill Cosby), and Stir Crazy (starring Richard Pryor and Gene Wilder). In 2002, 38 years after receiving the Best Actor Award, Poitier was chosen by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to receive an Honorary Award, designated “To Sidney Poitier in recognition of his remarkable accomplishments as an artist and as a human being.” Since 1997 he has been the Bahamian ambassador to Japan. On August 12, 2009, Sidney Poitier was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the United States of America’s highest civilian honor, by President Barack Obama., silken shroud encompasses those cold limbs., Back soon,, First, because a friend posted the link to one of the stories and asked what her followers opinions on it were., Actually it is quite funny and appropriate that the animal the ANC has been feeding for decades has now turned on its master. Or is it the other way around? Is the master now consuming the beast? I’m sure you get the point…, Check out Inspiration Avenue's new Postcard Swap. I've signed up; it certainly sounds like fun. I hope you'll think about it too., to thank you!!!!, “Oh, David, you’ve got your grandfather’s name.” I hoped to God I wasn’t named after anyone in the family, because I did not want my cheeks to be pinched off. I looked over at David, and it really looked like two little grip marks on his cheeks. I was a dead duck. But, not if she couldn’t get ahold of me. I wasn’t a Cricket for nothing. When it was my turn, I looked at her and said,, The mandate to remain hopeful, which seems to abound in Christian churches these days, is and always has been a challenge for me. I am moody, often dark – sometimes a glass-half-empty type. I know I’m supposed to hope. I aspire to hope. I intend to hope. I hope to hope. And sometimes I can. Other times . . ., How many times have you written your business plan? It’s important to have a business plan that you are happy with but it’s also important to not be afraid to veer away from it. If an opportunity comes along to collaborate with others, partner with another business or change your model, then do it if it feels right. With the changing economy and people becoming more environmentally conscious, it is sometimes worth being ready to change your business if it will help you reach your end goal quicker., Cast : Katie Wright, Lucie Arnaz, Dirk Benedict, Lochlyn Munro, Dean Paraskevopoulos, Jill Teed, Conor O’Farrell, Garry Chalk, Kevin McNulty, Laura Harris, Robert Moloney, Nuno Antunes, Gaetana Korbin, Ken Kramer, I pray for companionship in old age. I pray for self-sufficiency. I pray for a gentle end. None of those things are in my control. But my own inner calm, my faith that drives out fear, these are qualities I can surely grow. There is no time to waste in developing the virtues we need. It’s easy to put it off, to run away from the reality of the traumas that put our faith to the test. ignoring the future is not worth the risk., It would be incorrect to say that night #2 went perfectly, but does anything ever go perfectly. I would say it went well.. rather well.. very well. No problem with second night blahs or whatever seems to happen. Of course, 3 nights left and tonight is the big middle o the run.. so who knows. At this point we're veterans though, and I reckon it'll all be more and more awesome from here.. at least, I'm supposed to say that., However, we all go through crap in our lives by choice or not. It's getting through the crap that matters., Between 2009 & 2010 drivers had the option to use the adjustable front wing flap mechanism. Allowed in the rules in 2009 as a pre-DRS overtaking aid. Although the idea did not really aid overtaking, teams did use it for the driver to alter balance during practice and in race stints., I hear tomorrow the sun is shinning ..., The mice also showed an increase in energy expenditure. When the protein was removed the mice became obese., Sierra Leoneans take danger in their stride with a cheerful grin on a daily basis. On my way into work, I see young lads on rollerskates being pulled along on a rope by some handy passing vehicle they’ve hitched onto. Trucks over-flowing with people sitting on top, standing on the back, waving at passers-by, not a handhold or a care in the world. Motorcycles driving the wrong way down the road to avoid a traffic jam. And that’s just the roads!, Another was the entertainment center. The couch sat in front of the bank of windows and we would get a horrible glare on the TV if we had the windows open, which we didn't very often because it made watching TV up here nearly impossible., Since I have been prospecting new clients, how I appear on the web has become of the utmost importance to me, and I’m sure also for those searching my name. To start on a positive note, since I’ve been so busy helping others with their growth initiatives, I’ve had little time to be concerned with mine. I have a stockpile of great new portfolio meat to add to my repertoire, and my website intro video was outdated stating silly things like “Make an Impact in 2010”. Sheesh, we all know that digital years, like dog years, have an exponential age variance. So, needless to say I had work to do and things to update. To start my self discovery, just like the rest of the world’s introspective visionaries, I Googled myself and despite how it sounds, it’s completely legal to do in public., Starting some hardcore training for the famous London Marathon in 5 months time, have entered myself into a dizzying amount of races beforehand and after to keep up the fitness! I shall be posting my thoughts, feelings, rants and pictures of the whole process one undergoes to complete such a distance. Throughout it all I am hoping to indulge in some Ballet and return to my Flamenco, as well as the odd yoga class. I am considering those as cross-training/stress relief!!, In addition, the IRS is waiving the failure-to-deposit penalties for employment and excise tax deposits due on or after Feb. 29, and on or before March 15, as long as the deposits are made by March 15, 2012., For Jennifer – For Christmas, AD 2011, Despite groan-inducing prices for food and necessities by captive visitors at these snowy mountain retreats, it’s hard to ignore the siren pull of shimmering snowfall over snow-swept, jagged mountains, snow-slathered forests and fields., Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Bud Ice Light, If it weren't for Alera, I would Special Shelf this book. Cayla Kluver may take a while to tell her story, but what a story it is! That surprise twist in the latter half was fantastic. And the men. Oh my oh my, I can't even count how many attractive men there are in this book. That alone makes me want to read the final book., Use files and then sandpaper to smooth the back surface where you removed the shanks. Nobody likes sharp earrings and blood on the ears really is not chic., He has worked so hard for this community and he devotes a large amount of his time to it and I’m sure this must be a dream for him, somebody pinched him yet? But it’s not.. I’m sure for everyone this must be an inspiring event, such a leading light in a community, who alot of us may not know in real life, has worked hard and is now working somewhere where I am sure he never IMAGINED of working at, KingsIsle! I personally would love to work in a gaming industry, I think it’s the right place for me!, Ok, not completely MIA, but definitely off grid., Now that Christmas is only a few days away and there is no possible way I could expect to get any of these for Christmas (unless Santa listens to old folk) I will post my gift guide!, I loved their house - cosy and homely, but at the same time modern and full of beautiful natural light!! :D, New Jersey State Employment and Training Commission, OILS and FATS, First of all thankyou to everyone who has stopped by my blog and either had a squizzy or left a message - it is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!! AND if you left a message both on one of our blogs or on facebook you were entered into a comp for some awesome G45 goodies and Want 2 Scrap items :), I continued my search for the perfect beautiful setting., What gave the Apostle Paul a burden to know the Lord Jesus Christ even more, especially after having completed his three apostolic journeys? We are looking at Philippians 3:10, writing this from his prison in Rome., ...the only meaningful recognition is recognition by your peers or, more accurately, people you consider your peers, and peer recognition is a very personal matter. An artist's peers are other artists, not necessarily in the same field – ie, musicians for musicians, painters for painters – but people who understand what you're trying to do simply because they're trying to do a similar thing. On the first point, I'd add that a favourable review that nevertheless entirely misses the point of your work can be almost as bad as an unfavourable review - or, well, pretty dismaying. On the second, I'd add that the pernicious thing about prizes is that the also-rans become second-best in the eyes of the public as well as the judges., “Nobody knows who it is,” the woman said. “It’s been going on for two years.”, Hiding my eyes? “That works!” I gawked a little more. “Oh, my God. Oh, my God.”, I arrived at the hostel to find out, for the second day in a row, that the hostel was no longer a hostel. I asked a gas station clerk if there was another one in town and he referred me to a cab driver, who told me no. I freaked out for a second, not quite willing to pay about $80 for a night in a city I didn’t want to be in. I settled on trying to catch a bus up to Doolin, the tiny town near the Cliffs of Moher that was supposed to be my next destination. I suspected there wouldn’t be any more buses that evening, but there was one at 7:15., It’s hardly surprising in the midst of a governor recall election that there’s plenty of political spin on the numbers, but they are legitimately at the center of the campaign debate., Thanks to the brothers who showed me my error., Toriko 177 (18:07 – 20:37), Nationalism says that our most basic form of political order is advanced tribalism: people are united by culture, heritage, language, customs, values and descent from ancestors not political ideology, like “capitalist democracy” versus “socialist authoritarianism,” Rule of Law (which they are suspending to cope with problems of immigration)., We got our deserved equalizer when El Capitan noticed that the diminutive Russian was lurking in the area. An cheeky through ball followed. Heitenga tried to anticipate the ball but headed it towards Arshavin’s path. The finish was calm. Quite odd for a player that had not scored in 9 games. But as they say,”form is temporary, class is permanent”., You know, that's a lot of pressure. More so than premature ejaculation or not getting your girl off, though perhaps on kilter with not making her first experience painful (though, from what I've heard from friends, most girls don't remember anyone being particularly considerate). The partners involved have to have an extraordinary level of trust and commitment (however physical that is) if they want the pairing to be successful over the longer hall. Talk about performance pressure!, by the hard button of a period., In all of these assessments, I have found myself growing in the strength of who I am, instead of the weakness of who I am. I have chosen to not give up anymore of myself, as I had in the past. I no longer blame others for what I feel has been taken from me... instead, acknowledge that I have freely given away aspects of myself... and, if I feel that I can no longer give those things away, without losing important parts of myself, that I need to hang onto, then, I will move on, and not leave destruction in the wake of my path. In the past, I would end up writhing about, fighting as if trying to escape some pain that someone else had induced onto me... when, in fact, I was only trying to escape my own self and the predicament that I had mistakenly brought myself into, out of weakness and ignorance. One could owe all of these weak moments and bad decisions to the fact that my choices were born of low self-esteem from early on. Now, to change those things., Yet, the very same people, the Brits, when they call you from the cable company, they’re not calling to charge you a moving fee or to tell you that your bill has gone up. They’re calling because they’ve figured out a way to SAVE you money. We actually had a cable representative call us up to LOWER our bill. Wifesy and I nearly had a stroke, as nothing of the kind would ever happen in America. That’s the upside. The downside – besides getting everything yourself in a pub – is the golden rule. In Britain, if there is a rule, it is sacrosanct. Everyone follows it until the queen calls the whole feckin’ thing off. They are sticklers about their rules. You can ask for a supervisor. It won’t feckin’ matter. So, don’t get your top hat in a tizzy., Now I would like to share 3 of the basic dal recipe made in my kitchen quit often (ie) atlest any of these two dals will be made once in a week., It meant though, that I had a steep learning curve, as I started finding out about this strange new world of publishing. It’s been a journey of discovery that I’ve thoroughly enjoyed, I’ve read great books, made brilliant new friends and found much to talk and think about., This article shows how to select hinges.You’d be surprised by the variety of hinge hardware. They vary by size, by weight and by shape. They are available in a variety of materials, such as brass and steel., Someone else’s eyes have taken over the idea that she looks hot., But all my words come back to me, in shades of mediocrity, These beautiful rustic French shutters also came from Debbie, and I am hoping that hubby can do something with them so I can use them for a display prop on my stand at future fairs., Movie- Radio, It was hard to get a dial tone as I stood at my office window staring up a quarter mile. The view was one of the finest in the city, clear and formidable. I always worked with the towers watching me over my shoulder. When I put in late nights, the lights would incrementally twinkle on as if the buildings were two giant Christmas trees., wholly ravished then discarded heart:, The Ocean, Today I am excited to share a few photos of the finished dining room of my "Timeless Kitchen" project. There are still a few details getting wrapped up in the kitchen so it may be a week or two before we are photo ready there., 113”, taking die cutting to grand proportions. Follow Spellbinders on, sense, 1.) Add all ingredients to a food processor and process until it blends together into a fine powder., Today I’m starting with the sunshine. The rest of my list today (in no apparent order or importance) is as follows:, Webster, Scott. “Existentialism: Providing an ideal framework for educational research in times of uncertainty.” In AARE 2002: Problematic Futures. Coldstream, Victoria, NSW, pp.1-15., That is also the reason behind the quarrel Michelle Chia and Thomas Ong had. Michelle thinks that Thomas had an affair. Even though there was no physical contact between him and the other woman, to her, her husband has already crossed the line., Buying a Digital Camera for the First Time? Read This Guide, “Hey, that’s perfect,” Mike said. “Great job. But you know how you suggested that I should go with whatever makes me happy and that it doesn’t matter what anybody else thinks?”, It was a relaxing day, which isn’t always the case. If you have an autistic child, or know someone that does, I’m sure you can understand. You can not predict how your child is going to react in such a high sensory environment. We’ve had our stressful Christmas days. Thankfully, this wasn’t one of them., Mix all together, press into pie pan evenly around bottom and sides., So, they figured, what the hell – let’s attack the injured party., One of my friends had given me these pics only recently. I am surrounded by both family & friends who don't scrapbook!!!! I just don't get it. How could you have lovely pics like this & not want to showcase them by scrapbooking them? I just don't get it. I have only one scrapbooking friend, all the rest are just not interested & are happy for me to do it for them!!!! Anyway, I suppose it is my good fortune as I have this never ending supply of photos., And so it’s jarring when we see homeless people. How can we have such poverty in such a wonderful country? Across Canada we have opened homeless shelters and food banks. We have public housing. We have breakfast and lunch programs for poor children. We provide welfare, job retraining, legal aid, and more., NEOS is an award-winning, not-for-profit collective of artists, makers and galleries in the north east who open their doors to the public each September. VSA’s Easter Anguston Farm has been a venue for the last four years., My girl's character has an important arc, but is her arc as important as the older boy's?, For those of you not in the know, this is a rare restaurant designed by superstarchitect Rem Koolhaas (and his collaborator, Clement Blanchet) and will be a much more flexible , tapas style eatery serving lunch and dinner and drinks ,right next to Inaki's other no choice, market menu restaurant, Le Chateaubriand., “I’m gonna go a little quicker okay?”, Another Serious Eats article that caught my eye, this one from a few weeks ago: How to send wine back without looking like a jerk. It is in the form of a short video and gives a reassuring strategy on how to handle what could be an uncomfortable situation. The title alone was worth a smile., Their diagnosis was surprisingly similar to the one accepted by stress researchers: Life delivers stress in very complicated ways and is inescapable. Memory stores deep impressions, and the body responds to these memories as strongly as it does to the original stressor. We can easily insert “karma” in the slots where the word “stress” appears. But here the world’s wisdom traditions sharply diverge from modern medicine by saying flatly that suffering is inescapable as long as karma exists., “Will 2012 be the end of the euro currency? I seriously don’t think so. Its a young currency, its a solid one as well,” Lagarde told journalists on a visit to South Africa., So – hands up who calls themselves an indie? Hands up if you’ve enjoyed selling on Kindle? And hands up if you think you’ve got less lazy since you started selling on Kindle? I don’t mean time lazy, I mean idea lazy., Tomorrow is my favorite holiday. What holiday? … you may say. Cinco De Mayo! There’s just not much better than a day celebrating freshly made margaritas, chips & salsa, guacamole, and my favorite … sopapillas! So let’s celebrate … why not?!!!, These are some of the benefits of buying a business instead of starting one:, Last weekend, he specially requested that I attend a ‘festival’ at Bicentennial park with the family. The details surrounding this ‘festival’ remained ambiguous. Secretly, I was hoping it involved some sort of wine and cheese. No, I couldn’t have been more wrong., which developed during the 1980's., Obama signed the Bush tax cut extension that – in spite of its short window – could have given businesses a little security about the future. But then almost immediately after signing the extension he began to demonize it again and call for Marxist-style redistribution of wealth from the people who take all the risks to the people Democrats want to exploit for their votes., These are a few of the amazing designs. I also managed to talk to the designers about their garments and of course I took photos., PARENT/CHILD ACTIVITY, i used just over half of my Colour Wheel Charm swap charms to make this quilt. i’m not sure what i’m going to do with the leftover charms yet., Welcome to Scraps of Elegance.. glamours soft romantic just a few words to describe this sister kit club to Scraps of Darkness., One of the other (of the many) delights of "Bombay's Republic" is that it is a story very much aware of itself as a story and, more importantly, aware of itself as a story about other stories. It becomes a paradoxical amalgamation of two Orson Welles titles: It's All True and F for Fake. Stories become realities., So the struggle continues. I am good during the day while at work, but when the evening rolls around it’s a nightmare. Last night was one of those crazy nights with too many things going on. So I had some sweet but not too much., I digress. I figure I can aim for the tips of the rubber braces with my sticks as if they were each hi-hat, crash, and ride cymbal. Hopefully that will lead to increased accuracy with my cymbals, if I can't actually have them for practice, that is., An archeological dig on the site in 2005 found, among other things, lots of liquor bottles and a large number of rouge pots., As in the first book Jonathan is taken to some dark places but no matter how dark things get Truth is always there to make light of them. Like its predecessor (no pun intended), the book is shot through with wry humour and off-hand allusions to all manner of people from Kafka to Einstein via Frankie Howard., Pensioner Franco Simonetti took his Audi A3 Sportback, which had done about 80 000km, to The Glen Volkswagen on September 2 for a check-up, as he was planning a trip to Kruger National Park. He'd bought the car new from the dealership in 2005., Right now, all you diehard horror hounds are asking, "But is it scary?" Let's put it this way: I may have just barely escaped without shrieking like a girl (and believe me, there was more than one macho male in the audience who can't lay claim to that)...but I did spill my Cherry Pepsi all over my lap during the initial Ouija scene, and probably would have done so again if I hadn't been too embarrassed to get up for a refill., There were four of them, three males and a female. The female was the alpha, she would strike first while the males blocked the prey from escaping. She crouched low her muscled coiled tight ready to lunge. She moved with stealth through the under brush staying down wind from her prey. Turning her ears she could hear her brothers taking their positions. She scented the air drinking in the smell of sweat coming off the creature. She could also smell the musky excitement of her brothers. The combination was a tantalizing aroma making her mouth water., Oyster Po Boy for me and chili for my pal., It's been a while since my last post on the stays. I actually sewed the binding already a long time ago but now I've got two panels of the lining left to sew to the underside of the stays and then I'll be finished. I hope to do it next weekend, if not earlier. Anyhow, I thought I should write a post about IMATEX here because I just noticed it's working again! I don't know if it has been for some time already or if you all have noticed it before but here's a link to the page. It's great the English search actually works as well!, -yours truly summarizing the general way of things at the time, Sacha Baron Cohen is back with his new character The Dictator. The heroic story of a dictator who risks his life to ensure that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed.Out May 16th, Emperor Hirohito was born a god but died a man. His expansionist dreams undid his godliness. The destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki led him to renounce his divinity and perhaps concede that man has more destructive power than any god. The name Showa, which was conferred on Emperor Hirohito after his death, means “enlightened peace”. The Second World War brought about the deaths of one hundred thousand Americans, roughly three million Japanese people, and the deaths and brutal torture of ten to twenty million Chinese. No charges of war crimes were ever brought against him. They say he was misled into imperialism. That his generals deceived him. That he was kept in ignorance. The militarists held the power, not him. But he was not so completely blinded or blameless. He was not so unaware. Nor so passive or so pacifist. His pacifism was inspired more by looming defeat than by compassion. But we were offered a version of history that was more palatable, and it was readily accepted. General McArthur, who oversaw the rebuilding of post-war Japan, felt the country would be more easily run if the emperor remained as its figurehead. So blame was removed from him. The responsibility for his part in the war and its atrocities was taken away, and re-written. The reins of history are held tightly here too. The unseemly truth of the past is kept at arm’s length. Tamed and subordinate., So see the week wasn't all bad, I have A LOT to be thankful for., And now, lovely Ohio is cold again. What a bummer., Best to be dumped by though, because they will leave and never come back. Won’t do better though, so you can laugh at his failure, even if it comes after a LONG ASS while. (Cesc Fabregas), It was 56 years ago and many thousand miles away that little Michael Ruck was hacked to pieces amongst his toys and Arundell Gray Leakey was buried alive on the lower slopes of Mount Kenya, they seem far away, but we may soon find they have never been so close., Toasted peanuts or cashews, I have one writer friend who suggested once we should have a writers' exchange of family stories so that those who used them in novels would not be identifiable as sources by said families. We haven't done it but it's an interesting idea., Wash off . Regular use will lightens the skin blemishes and scar., John Smeaton has some advice on what we can do in order to complain about Nitzchke's activity in the UK. I expect that, sadly, Paul will have been most likely a lone voice in the wilderness speaking out against the activity of someone who once, presumably, took the hippocratic oath., António Marques, I continued to be hyperaware (even more than usual) of movement all day long, and Deuce passed our nightly kick counts with flying colors and continued to thrash around after I'd gotten into bed, which perhaps just indicates that the baby is already preparing to sleep all day and be awake all night long. But I never quite shook off the chill of that morning's scare., Maybe there’s a South African-American golfer out there somewhere that could be added for diversity bonus points? A French-African? Or perhaps some white Hispanics? Maybe an aged zero percent Cherokee (with high cheekbones)?, I’ve probably mentioned this a number of times throughout this blog in passing, or in quick references., Me: Yeah, that was great, hey?, Third, when you see a diseased leaf in the garden you can pick it off and destroy it. Make sure if you use tools on infected plants to wash them off afterward. Most people will recommend that you use a 10% bleach solution to sterilize them. If you don't, you will just be spreading the disease around the garden., There are Champagnes made entirely from black grapes (blanc de noir) such as pinot noir and pinot meunier and Champagnes made entirely from white grapes (blanc de blanc) such as chardonnay. The rose wines are made by allowing a little more contact with the red grape skins than usual or, in a few cases, even introducing a touch of red wine to the process., (The poll is to the left of Margaret Wente’s article, about half way down), Her prices are fantastic as well, my necklace sells for $24 which I think it just perfect!, any Christian scripture could afford., It’s good to count our blessings; all those good things in our lives — both big and small. Bob Gass listed some in a recent Word for Today., “With an estimated 20 000- odd white rhino in South Africa, this decline in average sale value reflects a drop in asset value of the country’s white rhino of R1.5bn,” he said., Miners were essentially unable to save any money under this system -- the goods sold at company stores were not bargains, and scrip couldn't be spent anywhere else. So this system made miners very dependent on the mining companies., In a couple of weeks, (they) will travel . A Music Tour", in California, in Washington, in Oregon., Moon could feel his heartbeat..., Until I realised that I hadn’t stopped to think about what a significant thing it was, to be sectioned. I mean, that’s huge. What I needed was a moment to recover. To recognise what I’ve been through. But as per usual, I ignored that and tried to plough on. A fresh start. Get a new job. Move on. So, endless job searching and applications to wade through. Right? Wrong., Who could be the interviewer? Not me. I have the art passion, the art history excitement, the desire for art stories, the awe for creation, and the insight to see that this is what society lacks. Alas, I am too much of an introvert., The cover of New York magazine reads "9/11 One Day, Ten Years" superimposed over an image of smoke from the World Trade Center after the Towers were struck., The day before making the cupcakes, I assembled my coconut-chocolate nests. I toasted some shredded coconut, then mixed it with melted chocolate. I pressed the mixture into a mini cupcake pan, and pressed in my Cadbury chocolate eggs while the coconut-chocolate mixture was still warm. Then I put the pan into the fridge so that I could easily pop the nests out after they had hardened., “It might help you sleep.”, AND...this is where I STOP and have to buy this adorable little trinket box with two tiny birds. It's in, There are also outstanding wiliness shows in the state that leave helpfulness you with the direct that you require to pee and commit as gifts. The Carol Duvall simulation for happening has a lot of projects that you can do to hit it easier for you. It module also have you up to companion with whatsoever of the materials and gadgets (yes crafters bonk gadgets) that testament alter everything much easier to do. There are the knife machines, the stamps and the engravers. Certainty me, making handstitched gifts has never been easier with all these gadgets., The image is a stamp that I found when tidying up my collection. I think it came from the Glitter Girls. I stamped the image on glossy photo paper and coloured it in with promarkers. The green elements are the same green sakura pen that I used for the stitching and I also added some gold sakura pens to the flowers on her hat which you can't see in the photo but is very glittery., So yeah, super excited now. Can’t wait til I can try it out!, “It woke me up. I heard a woman in my building scream. It lasted several seconds,” said a resident in nearby Oakland, located across San Francisco Bay. The resident said it was still dark when the quake hit., And any sympathy anyone might have felt for 51-year-old Joyce would be dissipated if allegations of an affair two years ago with a 17-year-old schoolgirl who was helping in his office during the election turn out to be true., The ever vigilant Critical Mick directs us toward the Gutter Bookshop website, and their upcoming attractions, wherein lurks the news that Michael Clifford will be launching his debut tome GHOST TOWN (Hachette Ireland) on Tuesday evening, May 8th, at 6.30pm. An intriguing prospect: Michael - or Mick - Clifford is one of Ireland’s best known and well regarded journalists, currently writing for the Irish Examiner and the Sunday Times, and not a man known to tuck an acerbic opinion about Ireland Inc. under a bushel. Which suggests that GHOST TOWN could be a very entertaining read indeed. Quoth the blurb elves: Once they had everything to gain ..., The Guy was wonderfully supportive, as usual. We sat on the grass for a while and he made me drink water. He wanted me to eat, but I was afraid I'd just puke it back up. After we got in the car and started driving home, I got even worse. I was super hot and my vision was all wonky and I realized that I was passing out. I crawled in the back of The Guys car and fainted back there. I came to at some point and kept drinking water and took a shower and then a nap and then drank more., From left, Jelly Eye Color N in Vintage Decor, Midnight Shine and Jelly Eye Color in Smoked Glass. I love Midnight Shine in particular as it is such a lovely shade of midnight blue, which the multi-color shimmer, kinda like a starry sky!, Scarf - Covent Garden Market (Wear 1), “Really? This is God’s will for me in Christ Jesus? And how does this work? I believe that built into this verse is a key—for when we give thanks, even in sickness, financial distress, marriage problems or any of our very real daily problems, we are making an exchange with the Creator of the universe and here is how the exchange takes place: “Lord, I am in the throes of an extremely difficult circumstance, yet in this thing, I give thanks to you in this circumstances, even thanking you for the circumstance, and in exchange, I ask for Your peace and Your joy.” – “What is God’s Will” here., 1~History, Nycticebus, The varying metal crosses are a sweet way to remember the reason for the season. Divine! I'm just a one Christmas tree kind of gal or I'd be the queen of copy of this beauty as well., "...Jane says, Since then, we've done scavenger hunts around the village, visited the Fire Station, Police Station, had the Teddy Bear Hospital Visit us, as well as the Animal Hospital, we've written to Brownie Packs in New Zealand and Ireland, make pancakes on the top of baked bean cans, we've done chip and welly walks in the winter in the dark and in the spring in the lovely sun, we've had bonfire parties with edible fireworks and sparklers, numerous Christmas Carol services at the local church, carol singing at a local nursing home, celebrated the Pack's 35th birthday, created individual time capsules for the girls, marched proudly through the village on Remembrance Sunday, done time travel (!), looked after our hearts, made Mother's and Father's day cards and presents, learnt about the stars, line dancing, to play the ocarina - ear plugs definitely needed! - visited our local windmill - not to be done again I might add - had a go at archery, had swimming parties, roller skaing parties, created a centenary collage, hama beading, peg knitting, made tiara's, had a go at hula hooping, had a scooter and bike race night, been on Pack Holiday 5 times and slept at the National Space Centre, and our best experience so far, visited London - No.10 Downing Street and Buckingham Palace!, 4. Letting Up Despite Great Faults - In Steps (3:44), In the morning Sam says that we’ll be finished with the items on the tour by noon, and proposes, for a modest extra fee, to take me to some additional, really spectacular sights., Clear embossing powder and versamark, I finally did find it, but I couldn't open up., Italian Baked Bow Ties, Lincoln set abominable precedents in a time when standing on the principles this country was founded on should have been of utmost importance. The lack of noble leadership from the Lincoln Party uprooted this country into a war that was hardly necessary and set up martial law during a precarious and atrocious time known as the Reconstruction Era following the War between the States. Thankfully, the only thing standing in the way of Lincoln’s agenda of seizing absolute power was the Constitution, which he avoided at all costs., I have a roast in the crock pot for pulled pork sandwiches for the office. I can smell it all the way down in my scrap room.. yum! Pulled pork and cole slaw, lasagna, sloppy joes and ham and potato soup on the menu this week for the tax office., 3. I believe that children are our future,,, and that we are doomed., But I still retain fond memories of the Isles of Shoals -- or at the very least, romantic notions about as foggy as the air around the archipelago itself -- and it’s fun to be reminded of one fine summer by two beers., I went to Deserres a.k.a Loomis, they were having a 100th anniversary sale... Lucky Me!! They had a bunch of cool stuff there although not as complete as a specialty scrapbook store. But i did find some nice things to buy.. ^o^, A friend at work is a serious House nut (he watched it all in about two days), so I got to watch season 6 less than a week after the DVD was released – Result!, Her father, George Anthony, meanwhile, showed no visible reaction from his seat in the back of the courtroom., This past summer, however, a couple of his comments rubbed me the wrong way., Blue Sky Scrubs Lab Coat offers abundant storage for papers, pens, stethoscopes, and whatever else the busy medical and nursing professional may need with a polished look., Lo and behold, I was dilated to 2 cm! With Renae and Sammy, I never dilated until labor began so this was pretty encouraging. With that in mind, and the fact that this was my 3rd baby and my chance of having a normal vaginal birth was high, I decided to go with an induction the next day., Updated the site with song lyrics and chords. These are some of the original chord sheets used when writing, recording and rehearsing the songs for the LoveTel Motel album. Handwritten notes included., and ultimately,, Still with PLR, but from a different angle today. The question this time is - can you maximise your PLR payments? I don't mean by visiting the sample libraries and borrowing your books, or even mobilising friends and family to do that. Borrowing books to raise PLR is a sad and desperate (and doomed) tactic that will cost more than it raises. No. I mean - to borrow a phrase from the Crabbit Old Bag of Help! I Need a Publisher - writing the right book at the right time in the right way to get as much PLR money as possible., Me-Made May 12 has begun! I knew from the start that the first week would be my most difficult and it certainly was. You might recall this is my first Me Made/ Self Stitch challenge and I decided to combine it with a photography one. The problem with the first week is that I spent it in Portugal on holidays, and planning me made wardrobes plus photography challenges when you rushing around sightseeing or visiting family is not easy., Conservatism and cognitive ability are negatively correlated. The evidence is based on 1254 community college students and 1600 foreign students seeking entry to United States' universities. At the individual level of analysis, conservatism scores correlate negatively with SAT, Vocabulary, and Analogy test scores. At the national level of analysis, conservatism scores correlate negatively with measures of education (e.g., gross enrollment at primary, secondary, and tertiary levels) and performance on mathematics and reading assessments from the PISA (Programme for International Student Assessment) project. They also correlate with components of the Failed States Index and several other measures of economic and political development of nations. Conservatism scores have higher correlations with economic and political measures than estimated IQ scores., 7. I wear black pants pretty much every single day to work. I just don't like myself in other pants., Something that I found rather interesting, when I’m trying to make some comparison between Islam and Judaism, is the thought of Hadiths (or rather Ahadith, since it’s plural). Mostly since I often try to explain the relation between Written and Oral Torah in Judaism, as the relation between Qur’ân and Hadith, though it would be more correct to describe it as the relation between Qur’ân and Sunnah. Well, that is the correct comparison. The Mishnah though is to Judaism what the compilations of Ahadith is to Islam., There was a strange turn that Jemma’s character takes … and it may have something to do with this:, WHERE? The Triangle park, 46th and Lamar, Love and Prayers, We are loving every minute of it. We have met and made so many new friends, and enjoyed visiting with people passionate about craft beer, and about our Cajun and Creole heritage., The new chapter on the skilled person apart, the present edition has added entirely new chapters on Supplementary Protection Certificates, Entitlement, and Declarations. Likewise, the principal grounds of invalidity (novelty, obviousness, and insufficiency) have been disaggregated from the former single chapter on grounds of revocation, and given individual chapters of their own. Another sensible decision has resulted in the former treatment of stamp duty and income tax being omitted, though the table of contents continues to promise otherwise in the title of Chapter 23., She gave me a peck and went away without saying a word.As if she thought she could fool me into thinking how composed and strong she was and she wasn’t crying herself to sleep every single night i did it in my own bed., Here’s the original that was black and grey without any movement. I wanted to practice animating a bitmap using Flash 5. The process involved thinking of each object as a layer. I had to ask myself several questions about what I wanted to accomplish. Did I want the image of the book to change size and color? What type of movement did I want to occur? As I went throughout the tutorials I made note of the instructors presentation style. I noted whether there were assumptions made about the student’s (me) level of knowledge or previous experience. I believe at times there were little things that weren’t illustrated in the video that may have been a blur to me but obvious to others. Those little things i.e. where to click to deactivate a selection drove me crazy. My frustration in some areas lead to a to the following conclusion. I may not be able to cover every item in an instructional video. This hold true for all teaching whether on line or in person. I can however provide a method that would allow students to use the experiences of others and tip sheets that to accompany my lessons., So if you see me this weekend...don't throw up any gang signs. I have no idea what they mean...I'm just a fat girl in the process of transforming my body., The slide wiped out part of the path which runs through the Sculpture Trail, just west of Brett’s Oils, leaving a mound of mud in the river., The sight of her wedged between the ottoman and chair., Green’s Endeavour, Notes: Can be substituted for your quarterly financial report, but only once every third quarter or so. Any more than that and they’ll catch on., I left the music press in my early twenties (I had this crazy idea about writing books) and I didn't see Jackie again for twenty-five years, by which time he'd carved a niche for himself as a singer of a unique soulful music that veered between folk and blues and everything else – and as a hugely entertaining raconteur. His stories, often interspersed with the music itself, were as hilarious as they were sometimes crude. When we finally said Hello again one evening in Twickeham in 2008 there was a twinkle in his eye I didn't remember from before. Even then, I thought I knew: at last he'd put the demons to rest and found his peace. Today, a sad day for those of us who ever crossed his path, I like to think that's how the big man left this world, with that twinkle intact. And for everything he gifted us with I'd like to thank him as I reluctantly let him go., I’m very excited to begin back under saddle with him. After his dental on Monday I really came away with a relief and I’m optimistic for the future. He’s such a good boy with a good, very trainable mind. Lets go Reason!, His love will find a way, Seems so about the short handedness. I often worry at just how fast things are going., "Is dinner ready, Gran?", I liked cute boys when I was 14., If you have a dream to become an actor/actress in this industry, live that dream, push yourself to success and accomplish your dreams/goals. Seek workshops, advice, diplomas, It’s not easy in this industry so you have to work hard and stay on top of things. Start out as an extra and build your career from there. Dreams come true so don’t let them die out., 3) Sweet Pea by Seam - from "The Problem With Me", Mr. Khair himself attended college in the US and explained that even though the show has a “modern flavor,” he wasn’t trying to push any particular social agenda and was merely meeting the demands of viewers. “Personally speaking I would love for us all to be more liberal; I would love to have religion separated from government,” he said. “That’s just me. I’m not trying to translate my ideas into a series then pass them on to people. People want to be more liberal; they want to be more aspiring.”, having only sound in common., As you're reading with your child, make sure you point out things like table of contents, bold words, or the glossary. Talk about new words and see if they can relate their learning to something they already know. For example, one of the books we read today, described a polar bear's paws as webbed. Many kids knew that frogs' feet are webbed too, which helps them to swim. We learned this in a book we read last month and kids were able to use their schema and make that connection., My first stop was at a lawyer’s office on Deaderick Street. Driving this street has always made me a little uncomfortable because it includes the word “dead” and my name, “Rick”. Bad omens everywhere. Despite my concerns, I made it to the parking garage safely and wound up the ramp until I finally found a spot. Upon hitting the sidewalk, the realization hit that I was in Nashville. A man walked briskly past me while muttering to himself. I picked up the words “God” and “Hooters” but couldn’t make out anything else. I am sure it was an interesting conversation, however., So I have said that I would catch you all up to speed on the arrival of my sweet Isabella, so today is the day that is shall be done. I am going to try to keep it short, but we will see if I actually stick to it!, Michael Emmett Brennan, 27, New York, N.Y., studio-as-instrument, the importance she places on "chromatic", Oh, I'm just gonna go grab my insurance card and car keys. You know, to be ready for our trip to the emergency room., Zest and juice of 1 Meyer lemon*, Time spent: 2 hrs., is a valley full, full o' pioneer, Although the action moves around, it starts and several scenes occur in Connecticut so I will place it there for Where Are You Reading Challenge. I will also add it to my New Author and Audio challenges., Ms. James had the tenants move out, and soon her white house at the corner of Thomas and Maple Streets fell into the hands of looters and vandals, and then, into disrepair. Dejected and broke, Ms. James said she salvaged but a lesson from her loss., Almost a day doesn’t go by where I don’t get an email or see a post on Beer Advocate with people asking about what kind of beer related things to do in St. Louis. So, I thought it would be a good idea to put together a list of great craft beer spots in the metro area., Surprise! Here's an obscure Christmas album with a horrible cover. The pressing is crap with several little dimples in the wax., But then there's the stuff of ugly fights, in person, on the phone. The kinds of things you take to a mediator because you just don't have the perspective to work through them in a constructive way. Because both parties involved are raw., His incredible talk ended with so many hands bristling with energetic questions for the author he could have been there all day., This group came from Houston, but, Against the muted quality of the firelight through the threshold of the Sherim, Clearsight was like opening a pair of eyelids he didn't have. In place of light, chaos and cold poured in. The Sherim was a tangle of silver threads, tinged blue or pink or purple by lights he couldn't see. Every thread was taut - it was this web that had transmitted Dora's trembling to him - but none were straight. Paradoxical, impossible, but Sherim were like that., 5. Lack of Inspiration. In Barkat’s view, lack of inspiration points not to a problem in creativity, but to a problem in life. “Writing starts with living,” she declares (p. 29). We run out of ideas when we let our world become too small, when we don’t play enough, get out enough, challenge ourselves or try something new. Life well lived is full of inspiration. It has “so many words I can’t collect them all.” (p. 30), Tommy Ryman, *Update* I posted this yesterday, when it should have posted today-Friday-and I failed to mention what this condition is. It’s called PSVT. I’m still in the hospital, awaiting the stress test. Keep your fingers crossed!, I love your cuddles,, For the outside sentiments,i've again used My Creative Time's WOW! So Many Candles Stamp Set and for the inside her new Floral Sentimens!, Following a car accident during his honeymoon his race car driving character is left not only physically but also mentally scarred and living in fear of wanting to murder his wife. He is compulsive, insulting, constantly flies off the handle and looks a lot like Errol Flynn., As to what happens when I am in the office that I share with some five or six others? I sit in my corner and go through boxes of submissions. I note the well-known and look to see outstanding work from the lesser known and unknown. Finding such things is one of the greatest pleasures an editor can have. It takes no particular editorial skill to choose that which has often been chosen, though reputations are built on substantial foundations and must be respected. All the same, I hope to be impressed by the unknown. After, all the winner of last years Poetry Society Competition, Paul Adrian, hadn't published anything till then., You go by years: 1L 2L 3L, Kraft card and white card, What is the network: A podcast, a website blog, integrated with twitter and FB and YouTube., Learn actual portion sizes, Random Mormon coming for a friendly (previously announced) visit? Fine., UPDATE (2011/07/22): Silly me. Everybody knows that Weep for Me was translated into German., I would encourage you to Dr. Al Mohler’s blog post below when you have a minute. His perspective on the subject of marriage and “same-sex” unions is impeccable., one of our favorite michael keaton movies, I am also a big fan of Leslie's blog. Her posts have so much depth and substance. They are filled with not only images of her work, but with poetry, meditations on issues of the artist, and creative thoughts. I will have the opportunity to meet Leslie in person in May when she joins me in an artist panel in Seattle. And I am definitely interested in hearing what she has to say., However, there was a link to Translation's website at the bottom of his email. I followed this link, and found a client list that included Coors among a list of reputable companies such as P&G and Johnson & Johnson., Visionary: Tina Amorok, PsyD, And me in a suit, It was an Easter Sunday like many other. I was with my parents having dinner at my brother's house. My neice and nephew were outside mucking about, riding their bikes and skipping. At 35, I felt still nimble and quick so I had a turn on the skipping rope and it went exceedingly well. It was like riding the bike and I demonstrated the skipping skills I had perfected in my childhood and through a few years of boxing. Even June Cleaver got in on the act and showed my neice how at 73, she could still wield a mean rope. The Skip-It came out next and I slayed it, jumping circles around my neice who still couldn't believe that her grandmother and aunt not only knew how to skip but had once owned both a skipping rope and a Skip-It (called a Lemon Twister in my day, but the premise was still the same)., Fortescue said: “The drinks industry has a legitimate and significant role to play in combating alcohol misuse. Effective industry self-regulation is vitally important. I shall be discussing this and how drinks manufacturers can develop partnerships to tackle the drinking culture.”, When I first used it I felt it wasn't conditioning enough, my hair felt tangled after and it didn't feel particularly well conditioned.. The next time I used it I tried a different approach and ended up using more of each product, especially the conditioner. With the shampoo it was nothing like Id been used to, it was a runny liquid as apposed to the gel consistency you normally get, so shampooing with it took a bit more care.. I took my time as it didn't foam as well as my usual shampoo and I also found that I had to be careful with it in my palm so not to let it run away down the plug hole! I also felt it needed more working due to the lack of foam (which we know really isn't necessary anyway, although it feels pretty nice!).. but with that also comes more massaging, which is a treat for your scalp anyway I guess!, 1. Your business shows up on Google. They don't adjust or change your rankings, but you get to highlight when you are on Google. With Yelp, you have to hope that Yelp's SEO will get your Yelp page ranked high on the first page. And well, Yelp business pages aren't getting as high as they used to. There were some Yelp business pages that I couldn't find on Google. However, Yelp talk threads are still highly ranked. Like really highly ranked., I've been on tour in Europe since the beginning of July. July was filled with amazing festivals in France, Switzerland, and Belgium, club shows in the UK, and some splendid down time in Paris, London, and a few other spots. Since the beginning of August, we have had time off in a beautiful apartment in Brussels. We had a big gap in the touring schedule, and it made more sense to stay here rather than fly home and back again. What an opportunity - to truly live in a foreign city! So many of our adventures on the road are enjoyed in fast-forward, zipping from city to city, sometimes barely having time to come up for air. This, on the contrary, has been quite different, indeed., I hope you’ll check out the book or pass it along to friends and family who might need it. And I really hope you’ll start thinking about this stuff even though it’s hard to do. It’s important., O' I have one last hope within,, And finally, at the end of February, its time came again., I snapped a quick picture of my original block way back when, so sorry about the picture background - had I thought about it, I would have gotten a better picture. Anyway - my block is called Road Block - it has a lot of piecing in it, but it is so fun to put together!, I'm not talking just things you feed, im talking about anything you give your horse, topically or internally, that gives them an "advantage". Something that they might not have available in the wild., The thing about United is that they know how to win things. That mentality is soaked into the Old Trafford walls, and any young player coming through Sir Alex Ferguson’s youth ranks will again in turn soak up all that knowledge and expertise., 9 SAME-SEX relationships are illegal in more than 70 countries. In nine - including Afghanistan, Iran and Saudi Arabia - the penalty is death., Dad came back very excited about what God was doing in James’ heart, but didn’t share much, because he wanted James to be able to share it with us himself., Of course, as with all of John Waters' early films, it's the gorgeous Mink Stole who shines the brightest. Playing Dawn's fourteen year old daughter, Taffy Davenport, the sexy Mink repeatedly makes Meryl Streep look like a dishevelled whore through her unblinking industriousness., Remember how you endured all those stories about how rough your Grandparents had it? Having to walk to school in bare feet to save their shoes? How they would have to sleep three and four in a bed to keep warm at night because the pot belly stove would be banked and put to bed for the night? Or how they had to go out and milk the cows, feed the chickens and chop wood every morning before having to walk to school,in the snow, with bare feet?, Then I guess, that leaves us to the thought that it’s somehow a pleasing series. Let’s just say that the moment I’ve read the last page of the book, I instantly searched the net for the next installment – quicker than I could have written my whole name. Turns out, I was not alone in doing the same thing. Haha. Aaaaand I thought I was weird. =p Well, I shouldn’t even be so surprised, since the ending is some sort of a cliffhanger in itself right there. But anyway, I’ve found out that there would be another installment. However, it remains a surprise., With a beginning Specific Gravity of 1046 it starts out a little ‘larger’ than the first (1040) and has certainly displayed a more noticeable aroma off the fermenter. Still haven’t seen a bubble come off the air lock so I guess those who advise against using this as a means of knowing when to bottle are on to something. By day four the S.G. is down to 1014 and day five to 1010 which, if it remains there, will give us an alcohol content of around 5.5%. Nice., Unfortunately, a real problem arises in a democracy, because many people, perhaps most, will want to move in the most positive sounding direction regardless of how it flies in the face of the reasonable facts. If these ill informed, hope driven people are the majority then the whole community will be guided by irrational hope and their collective actions will be no better than a riotous mob’s. What is a fair minded person to do when they find themselves being driven into a chaos of obvious disaster? What are we to do when nearly all of our present population of seven billion people are eagerly heading into the inevitable over-population boom and its equally inevitable population bust? I don’t know! The only reasonable thing is to prepare for the after effects of the coming disaster and prepare for a resurgence of humanity. When obvious things have passed over it may be possible to rebuild humanity on a more permanent foundation of a World Constitution with as its goal the long term survival of the human species rather than the short term maximization of personal gain. Give the people of the future the tools they need to form an equitable sustainable society. That would include a World Constitution and the seeds to replant the world., It was on my facebook fanpage's wall. It was on my twitter replies. Every celebrity I followed were yabbering about it (except Ricky Gervais). It appeared on blog comments when the entries are not related to Kony at all. It was on formspring. It was on youtube, spamming the comments to irrelevant videos of fucking MUSIC I WAS LISTENING TO. And all the people spamming where smelling their assholes in unison, thinking how it smells like justice and peonies. I was goaded beyond tolerance., The admin staff were as good as ever: polite, caring, and accessible. And the doctors too did their level best to engage with patients and visitors. The problem lay, very obviously, with the standard of nursing., The Daily Show has proven that as long as you stay current and in the flow of today’s normal college student, you too will have your own page wanting you to run for President., Luke decided to continue talking on what was beginning to feel like the longest elevator ride of my life. "Sometimes I call her Gwandma.", Last week, President Barack Obama described the prostitution scandal as ‘a little distracting’ and branded the 12 agents involved ‘knuckleheads’., And much less surprisingly, F.D. Roosevelt, found in Mussolini's policies part of his inspiration for the semi-socialist "New Deal" and referred to Mussolini in 1933 as "that admirable Italian gentleman". Mussolini was plausible to an amazingly wide range of people -- not the least to the people of Italy., I think we get into this habit with monotheism of “this is how it works and how it works is not how it used to.” Being told there are no longer miracles is a big wedge between the modern world and the past. That seeps into the way so many people view the flavors of paganism, too, so that so much is dismissed and we don’t enter into deep dialogues with our gods like we should., As for the design, I used black fabric paint to post a line from one of the character's of the Hollows series, "For the love of Tink!" on it and then painted tiny foot prints since the character is a pixie., We were planning to go on holiday this week, but have cancelled it (hadn't booked yet, but we wanted to see more of the UK. We've done enough traveling for now...., <U+25CF> Contact: 480-321-9745 or 480-686-2125 visionn2action@yahoo.com, while our beloved visitors were in town the weekend before last, we took a day trip to napa., Redhill, “How do you know?”, It was clear from day one that the Anglo-American empire, along with its clients like Qatar, were actively supporting and planning to bring destablization to the country. From the very first days of the civil war in Janurary 2011, before the shell casings had even hit the ground, western envoys and consultants worked with known al-Qaida fighters and criminals in Libya to form a new NTC government, a new central bank and a new state oil holding company. NATO were deployed to give brutal air support to these new gangs of rebel paramilitaries, and for nearly 10 months, both those groups killed, tortured, raped and looted everything in their path., So the idea that “travel” and “travail” are linked by their shared connotation of “work” actually makes a lot of sense. What is really intriguing is the connection to “trepalium”. Back in Roman times, this was a very specific device with a solitary purpose: to inflict agony. This is not like other metaphors for work, like “grindstone” or “treadmill”, which hint at pain or discomfort as a side effect of productivity. All the trepalium produced was pain and discomfort. Sometime back in the history of language, somebody used the word “trepalium” to suggest that work was a form of torture, and the suggestion was resonant enough to embed itself in our language. So the next time you feel like your office is really a gothic torture chamber in disguise, maybe you’re not being overdramatic — maybe you’re just being traditional., In some instances, the report said, departments had charged employees with misconduct and discharged them or issued warnings., Assemble the earrings. Attach the charms to the jump rings to make a chain. Attach the ear wires to the top charm., This would also make a fun hospitality dish, as you could ask your guests to contribute different breads., If you're an ordinary man-in-the-street, it's because you didn't write a note to the company saying "I'm really sorry, but while you continue to run that piss poor advertising that is insulting my intelligence, I'm not going to buy your product anymore", And that in a country where contraception and abortion are freely available at the expense of the state on the NHS for very many years, His work has been published by a variety of international magazines and book publishers. In the U.S, his work appeared in Travel & Leisure Magazine consistently for 7 years. Other magazines include Le monde, Geo, Food & Wine, Town & Country, and Regal... His has worked with publishers Gallimard, and le Cherche midi. Business clients include le Club Med, Frequence plus, Hennessy, Accor, and BNP..., The use of a second and different router was necessary due to intricate settings for the VOIP known as Teamspeak. Recently, a power surge destroyed a very solid server that has been the home of this great communications platform. After much girlyman crying and whining the service has returned. It was all good then the router started to slowly die. At the end I was restarting it every 10 minutes or so. This is a 24/7 service and is physically hosted in our computer lab by the new and improved server. Restarting a router every few minutes is not an option., So, it looks like, with a little more rest and some physiotherapy (for which I’ll be going while I’m in Toronto), I’ll be running and hiking again in no time., "So 3.2 is out, and the merge window for 3.3 is thus officially open. I delayed 3.2 first a few days to wait for the final linux-next ("final" in the sense that that's what I'll fetch to decide whether something has been in linux-next for 3.3 or not), and then some more as people were coming back from holidays and sorting out some regressions. So we do have a few last-minute reverts and small fixes.", 1 large can chopped tomatoes, Bobbi Brown Long-Wear Eyeliner in Black Ink, A sloppy creature stares at me, Therefore, I’ve created a little cheat sheet outline for common types of Rabbinic literature for easy reference., 14.) A Life Magazine Article Changed My Outlook On Life - NOT EXACTLY, Life, Now I can move on, knowing that I have more to offer, One old friend cautioned that our next, After lunch we went back to the house and got out a chocolate cake for my brothers 21st birthday. As it was my brothers birthday I decided just to have a fingers width of cake. I know this doesn’t exactly go with the sugar detox, but its way way less than I would have had normally. Plus its not everyday you get to have a bit of birthday cake! Again, I passed on any biscuits that were offered around., Ric’s Rating: 40%, in the method given in the kalpa,, and because is the NSD and to fit in the celebrating mood i'll send a prize filled with scrappy goodies to one lucky follower of my blog!, worlds can be saved, First of all Richard Bandler is just a genius; he has a way of talking and drawing you in and changing how you feel about yourself without you even knowing about it! After only a few hours I was sat over lunch wondering why on earth I had had such a bad week and struggling to remember what it was I had been worried about a few days before!, A purse set! Complete with wallet, change purse and another little pouch. This is from just one shopping bag. And I still have a panel of the bag left, which I'm going to use to make a Bible cover. Here is what the shopping bag looked like before:, Dreadnought is the literary equivalent of what Will Smith's Wild Wild West could have been only with better characters and more believable action. The center piece of the story is the titular train the Dreadnought, which Mercy can't seem to get away from no matter how far she travels. This train is a character unto itself. You can feel the train fighting back during the battles more so than some of the soldiers it transports. This behemoth of a train feasts upon amour and is equipped more heavily than today's Tanks. You haven't read anything like Priest's train battles., 8:29 - Rick Santorum spends a long time defending earmarks, which seems like a questionable strategy in the Republican primaries. Romney responds dismissively: "I didn't follow all that.", Recently, a friend and fellow atheist parent, Mark Andriesse, was diagnosed with Leukemia. As a core member of Florida Atheist and Secular Humanist (FLASH) Parents, Mark and his wife Angela, along with their two girls, have been a driving force behind the group's success. This is Angela's statement regarding Mark and his health:, Hey, I’m part Turkey!, Both stories address relationships, but Harry Potter deals with the companionable and maternal depth of love. Twilight addresses the thrill of infatuation, the dark internal longing of romance, and the seductive powers of youth and beauty, concepts that typically appeal to females., “When problems arise in my art, I know I need to work on my life.” – I said that., Charlize Theron, “Poot.”, You have to have the courage to take the step forward and leave behind the forces that may pull you down!, I would be willing to teach acting, in an environment in which the students can already act. “That’s awfully brave of you, Kevin,” you feel like posting as a comment (but you don’t.) Allow me to explain., Let me also remind you that despite appearances, God is not dead. He is simply waiting for us to wake up and boot these money-changers out of the temple., A big news item that has broken today is that teens are getting drunk off of hand sanitizer, with some apparently going into ER with alcohol poisoning. What in the world is up with that?! I’m obviously not geeking about anything here — except maybe the fact that I’m glad to be of legal drinking age and with more than half-a-brain to be trying anything so stupid. When I first heard this news item this morning, I instantly had that quote from Sheldon Cooper in mind. So I guess I’m paying some sort of warped homage to him., One night after the juke joint with Dragon Lady, I did vent. All the anger about the circumstance of the break-up from the jewel-eyed girl and its subsequent shrapnel bubbled to the surface in a beer and whiskey-lanced rant. Madam Lung for the most part just listened, allowing me to purge my ire to small hours shadows., My coming to writing, as Cixous writes, was when my mother got sick and went mad and then died. I learned how to speak again, I learned how to read again, the words danced on the page for me in my dead mouth, and I wrote. Trauma. Repetition. Fort. Da. I wrote myself into a new birth. I drew myself a new body. I wrote because I felt compelled to pay witness. This is when I wrote and wrote and wrote. When my other self died. I wrote to pummel myself against death, like Cixous writes. I wrote because I refused to be silent, I refused to fade, I refused to die. I needed to write to her Face, I needed to remember her Face. The Faces that hang on poster boards at funeral homes smiling and forgiving, the Faces in banal vacation snapshots, the Faces clipped from a convenient past., It pleases me to see progression throughout the world for women; women getting more involved in careers that were, in the past seen as jobs for men. Women now lead countries, have major involvement in politics and economy and make a significant difference!, - Not making false promises, or promises that I know cannot be fulfilled but are made just to make me feel good, Hello my friends! I feel as though I've been missing from blogland again., The Point Ephemere alongside the Canal Saint Martin is celebrating its 5th birthday this month, but the birthday party is this Friday night. If you have never been before, this is the moment to check out this unusual and unusually well-situated venue which operates as a bar, restaurant, concert hall, night-club and rehearsal space. If you have been before, now is the time to go again. If you go regularly, you won’t need reminding!, This week, I learned a new card game: cacheta (pronounced: kahshetta), also known as pife (pronounced: peefy). I’m still a rookie, so I’m going to get some things wrong here. This first thing I noticed is that the game is very similar to Gin, except it’s played with two full decks, and usually more than two players. Each player gets 9 cards, instead of 10, and runs/sets have to be exactly three cards (except if you go out with 10 cards, then one can be a group of four cards). I did alright in the game. I lost. But, you know, I had fun. The dealer also turns a card up before the game begins. This card signifies the joker (curinga). If a 10 of clubs appears, the Jack of clubs is the joker. If a three of spades appears, the four of spades is the joker, and so on. Since there are two decks, there are always two jokers in the deck. Players take turns drawing a card from the deck or taking the discard from the previous player (and only the previous discard is available). Just like Gin, first one to go out wins. You can go out with 9 cards, by discarding, or you can go out with 10 cards by using the previous discard as your tenth card (in which case you can have a group of four cards in your hand — 4 fours or 5,6,7,8 or whatever). You get double points (10 points for a 9 card win, 20 points for a 10 card win) going out with 10. Scoring is a little difficult, but basically you play with 7 dimes. After every round, the winner gets a dime (or two if they have a 10-card win). Once all the dimes are gone, the top scorer wins. If there’s a tie, those players play to win the dimes of the other players. The losers sit out and watch. It’s a fast and fun game. Surely twists exist and scoring could be different. What I want to know is, what does pife and cacheta taste like? And where do you get bottles of these liquors?, There are 26 different tequilas available from the tequila shack, but we've stuck to the Mexican beers so far. Choose from Corona, Pacifico Clara and Dos Equis (each $8) or cans of Tecate for $6. Margaritas (classic and jalapeno) come in plastic cups rimmed with salt ($13.50)., You ask, Gentle reader, is this the end of the tale,, Amy Pond - Karen Gillan, While Jesus Christ was on earth, He was the perfect “Man after the heart of God”. Long before His incarnation, King David was called “a man after God’s heart”. Now, while we’re awaiting the return of the Lord Jesus, are there still amongst us people whose hearts resonate with the heart of God? And what does it mean to be heart-in-heart with God?, If I knew yesterday what I know today, The Nightmares. The wear and tear of being homeless and addicted weighed heavy on Lindsey’s mind. Lindsey would be in and out of shelters and it started to lose her mind. Lindsey would wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats. Lindsey started to think she was someone else., It's really simple. If you write it and publish it, great. If you copy it and repurpose it, say so. It's not rocket science, it's called manners., I hailed for a taxi and stopped by the florist to get a bunch of roses. My heartbeat quickened with every step towards her front porch. I wondered if she would let me off easy and cringed with fear as I thought of it. Hopefully, she would. Hopefully. I inhaled a deep breath and unlocked the door. The sun cast a white light illuminating the objects in the room and I noticed her at the living room with a book in her hands. She looked beautiful in her raspberry-rose coloured lacy, nightgown and with her loosely braided hair, draped over her left shoulder. I wanted to embrace her in my arms, kiss her, and never let go., And Thirty-nine and Twenty-nine, I glanced back and blinked several times as I saw an entire flatbed cart, Muhyiddin said the emergence of non-traditional security threats would destabilise the region if not checked. “These threats, which are transnational and trans-regional in nature, require collective and multilateral responses from all Asean member states and Dialogue Partners., Morello: I told you to stop freaking out at work., Ryman, along with Frank Stella, is often seen as forerunners to Minimalism and the debate over aesthetics and truth in painting which has ensued ever since. Whatever side one takes in such a debate, Ryman’s work continues to dazzle in terms of making a viewer look closely at how a painting works, how an image can be dismantled, and how paint can to certain degree be itself again., D.H: Giants running the ball, running down the clock. 1st down and goal, 1:07., Each year, there are new trends that come out for watches. There are many people who love to learn these trends so they can stay on top of the fashion changes. Whether it’s for work or simply for the love of fashion and accessories, getting at least one of the few tends for watches will immediately show a stylish up-to-date look., gently brushed their lips against each other . His lips were so soft and, “I now pronounce you happily married,” said Peter, and the two women kissed., Steven Ngubane, Margate SAPF detective, arrested June 7 for attempted murder of tuck shop owner, Masinenge squatter camp, “Nope – I have….my ways…painless.”, My heaven will have a meadow like this, but perhaps smelling less like pee., The cadets will take the skills they develop in the cyber program to their careers in the Air Force., Last week after we departed from Visthar, we spent the week in Orissa (northern India) at an awesome NGO (non-governmental organization) called WIDA or IRDWSI (Integrated Rural Development for the Weaker Sections in India). WIDA is easier to remember. I believe it's a tribal word that means binding together., Despite not having recorded in nearly 30 years, the group continues to sell 2-3 Million albums per year worldwide., Stranger does not rhyme with anger,, All of this is to say I just don't have time to give this blog the time and energy it needs to thrive even at the middling levels of a year or two ago. Even if I did have time, I don't think I could actually grow a blog of this nature into something that would justify the time investment. I think we've gone about as far as we're going here., Close to my heart, yes…, stuffing its face with pile. The quality, (3) Charles Smith IV, While her best list grew, I had to laugh silently, because my best list looks like this: living room furniture, dining room table and chairs, back deck... And I'm quite certain my list was a direct revelation from God! ;-), and he said yes. and i believed him. i still believe him. and i stopped crying., Dec 24-31 – Cystic Fibrosis – Creative Concrete, Soren Legal, Yes, my May flowers are next..... they will probably arrive after the end of May., She rehearsed it in her mind over and over to make sure that she was ready to answer it at the first question posed to her for being in this secluded place, this sanctuary from the harsh life of the city., recognize the need of those around me, that I may bring them hope, and inspire, 1yd -Vintage White Scalloped Flower Lace, So I can see it at my leisure , whenever things go wrong., ...I struggle with taking decent looking food photos., We were a little away from the coast and the waves had risen again, they were raising our flank and making us lurch. We paddled furiously through the white breakers, dodging rocks as we went. Michelle and Jacob came into view, so we used them as incentive to paddle harder and beat them to the beach. Nothing like a bit of competition to focus the mind., Also, he expects me to remember conversations down to the detail that he does. Say I’ll be typing on the computer one evening, and he’ll say something like, “I know the perfect Christmas present for my sister!”, My wife is a high school teacher, and last week was her Spring Break. It was not a Spring Break for me because I am a dedicated author, but she insisted it be a break for me too. Naturally, I resisted, and she gave an Indian Burn, and I took a break too., 3. Assembling a fountain with a surrounding water body (usually a pond) requires a submersible pump and waterproofing the surrounding area with tiles; the surface of the pond may be covered with tiles or natural stone to heighten the fountain’s appearance and beauty., In 2010, some 130,000 people fled Lower Kurram to take refuge in the districts of Peshawar, Kohat and Hangu in Khyber Pakhtunkwa province. Most are still unable to return due to simmering tensions in their home areas., scrub the toilets,, I never should have slid down the eavestrough., Dana, I love you, but what you’ve said couldn’t be further from the truth. You’re a kingpin in the MMA world and when you say things like this, people listen. I’m not sure if there was a larger context that this statement belongs in, but if this is meant to be a stand alone stance, it fails on several levels. Firstly, if getting paid was a prerequisite for competing, where would we be? I’m hoping you were just speaking to the multitude of smaller promotions that don’t deserve to be putting on shows. As far as the solid promotions that do things right, I think you’re missing the boat., The post soon attracted public attention. An unidentified netizen condemned the local birth control office vehemently in his comment on the post:, The book still had my attention so in July of 2011, I broke down and purchased it. And there it sat on my shelf, waiting. Until another reading challenge. I needed a book who's title started with G. I'm sure there were many I could have chosen but this one was sitting on my shelf. Accessible now. Still interesting., Second one, I love because the older buildings and the black and white color scheme makes me think of the Gangster Days of Chicago. (Like I am so gangsta), Before you hear anything I’ve written for a correspondent or anchor to say, I must obtain written approval of every syllable from at least five people: our executive producer, a lawyer with our legal department, a representative from standards & practices, the producer of the story, and the show’s anchor., And though there are calculations and stuff requiring mental exercise and quite of reading yet I am jumping on this. By the way anyone interested to join the bandwagon, just hop on., To celebrate the release of Skater Boy - the first book in the "First Kiss Club" I've been asking some fellow authors to tell me a first kiss story of their own! This one comes from PJ Sharon, author of the ebook "Heaven is for Heroes" and "On Thin Ice.", Seafood Orzo With Shrimp, Scallops,, but this is a guess, This Venator would be her downfall., Q: What if you go over target?, And our first of ten points we will cover this year is… Get A Diary., 11/05/2007 33.43, Check the video............., Not all books are available in ePub format, but there is a lot of variety. My Kobo came with 100 free books and I received a coupon for two new books. The 100 free books are mostly classics from the Gutenberg project, or as I heard on a radio show a few weeks ago “all the books that you never wanted to read in high school”. There are actually some pretty good classics, such as Bram Stoker’s “Dracula”, Jane Austen’s most popular books and “War and Peace” by Tolstoy. But if you already had to read these in high school or would like to read something newer, you’ll have to pay anything from $0.99 to over $25., The blinding bright lights, the array of sharp instruments, the doctors in masks… no way., In the opening minutes Arsenal looked smart on the ball, and chased QPR down. Van Persie had the first shot on goal, from a free-kick that found its way through the wall and trickled into Kenny’s arms. Our captain appeared to be wearing some kind of support high on his right thigh. Last week during the Villa win it looked like something was inhibiting his movement. If there is some kind of niggle it might account for the little dry spell he’s going through., Only age statements on labels count. If the producer tells you the age of something, but it's not on the label, well, let's just say that's not the same thing., If you are happy to write books to commission, rather than coming up with the ideas yourself first, you can contact commissioning editors of relevant lists and introduce yourself, explaining what you write. This only works for some types of books. Don't approach an editor at Faber saying you'd like to write some literary novels and would they get in touch, please, when they need some written? That doesn't happen. But if you want to write reading-scheme-type fiction for early readers, or books on cat care, or travel guides, you can approach a commissioning editor, with examples of your previous relevant publications, and ask if they have any openings in their list. Expect to be told 'No'. That's the default answer. You just might get lucky. Then they may say 'we're commissioning short stories with a scientific content supporting key stage 1 science' or some such. And then you decide if you can do it and want to do it., Who likes to have a virus on his/her PC? No one, right? And yes I think I got one because of the USB of my professor. We had a quiz using MS Excel and we had to do it on our own laptop. Not knowing, her USB has a serious and dangerous virus. The hardest virus to fix. That’s all because of her other student in broadcasting class. And because we have no choice, we need to put our activity on her USB., The valuation of the swap will be based on the recent share price of both companies as the exercise involves non-controlling stakes. Trading in both counters are suspended until today for two days pending a material announcement. MAS and AirAsia were last traded at RM1.60 and RM3.95 respectively., “I know what it is like to be cloned, you know,” Benjamin Fulford told journalists on the scene, “and I can spot a clone a mile away, eh.”, Moyo told the court that Warrant Officer Frederick Erasmus was talking to three of his co-accused, not too far from where he was sitting, when he escaped. He said Erasmus had put his co-accused in a cell, but had left him to sit on a bench outside the cells in the court building., “I have travelled all this way for nothing,” Stade said., My admiration for William Shakespeare has grown exponentially through this experience. Writing this script has been the single-most difficult piece of writing that I’ve attempted to date. When you hear those really quotable lines in a movie or TV series, appreciate it to its fullest, I ended up on birth control pills, which helped immensely. I felt regulated. I could deal with four periods a year. I chugged along happily for nine years, knowing what I was missing when it came to pain and inconvenience but completely ignorant of how clouded I truly was., — Identify sources whenever feasible. The public is entitled to as much information as possible on sources’ reliability., -- Benjamin Franklin, NOTE: the dough should be soft and pliable without being sticky., More Provence yummies coming up, too., SOS, The other beer is another one from Germany, another one that is kind of tart, but has one key ingredient you won't find in any other beers. It's the Leipziger Gose (gose, not gueuze. BIG difference). The special ingredient that makes this beer different? Salt. Yep, salt. Not enough to make it salty, but enough to maybe kinda tell it's there when you drink it. It's actually not too far off from the 1809, in that it has some tartness there, and is quite refreshing, in spite of what you might think with the salt. It clocks in at a little under 5% ABV, and makes for another good warm-weather beer., Raleigh-based Salix Pharmaceuticals said Monday that the FDA has extended its review period for a drug that Salix wants to market as a diarrhea relief medication for HIV and AIDS patients., When Dad turned 80, he and Mom moved here to Texas to play golf year round and to be closer to us - their 3 girls and their grandchildren. I am so grateful that he got to see the twins and especially his namesake: Credence Paul Chovan Voyles. They called him PopPop and he loved them so., So, I was feeling rather blank and kept waiting for the elusive inspiration to come! Finally, one afternoon Addie made a random little comment: she said that she wanted to "make flags for all of her friends". And I finally had ideas, with which I made a loose sketches to keep for later., Anyone know where I can get a dustbuster?, Time yesterday 3.5 hours. Today ??, Katie foolishly runs off - with the CD player - and is chased. She assumes she will be, once again, eaten, but they only want her music., So, did you miss me last Wednesday? I was on my Jolly Holidays. We spent a fabulous week in London doing the "Tourist Thing"!!! We saw all the sights Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Downing Street, Tower Bridge etc. We visited Kew Gardens, The Science Museum, The Royal Observatory at Greenwich and The British Museum. Of course we also had time for some serious shopping too - Harrods, Fortnum & Masons, Covent Garden and Hamleys to name a few. I even managed a trip to Blade Rubber Stamps - a great rubber stamp and craft shop in Holborn!!!, This is SO not something I'd typically wear to the office (though I totally have a Joanie job now!), but we had a "Go Red for Women" luncheon and were all encouraged to wear red. This is the first time (I think) I've ever work red on this blog as I don't even own anything red., Welcome to day two of the Impression Obsession sneak peeks. I am not sure that my picture shows some of the sparkle I added to the card, so I added a close-up picture:, Somewhat of a light drizzle starts but I’m hardly disturbed, 12. Kors clogs, $4.99, Those sisterly words of advice!, The Friday night is rounded off with Mugison's band playing a 1970s-style rock set, which has earned him a Canadian tour supporting Queens Of The Stone Age. Although the audience responds with fanatical enthusiasm, he keeps the performance to 20 minutes like everybody else, and is soon to be seen milling around the crowd unmolested. In a country as small as Iceland, heroes are very much part of the community., “Well, to be honest, it was Jinx I was angry with because he was scratching the wallpaper.” That was another lie, but at it was at least a believable explanation. Jinx was not bothered by these accusations and continued his snooze. Lisa’s father finally realised that she didn’t want to tell him anything., 1.Great Day For Up "Taste of The Wasted" from Flores de Sangre, 31.) I Want Americans To Decide - NOT EXACTLY, you prefer caucuses that, Now I'm pissed. The bank let her transfer money into my bank account OVER THE PHONE without my account number. They looked up my account by my name! That's hiding money from the IRS!!!, It’s not unpleasant to drive either. Clutch action is light while the gearshift action has a firm and solid feel to it. It’s simple and straightforward to drive which is a big plus for people who do the daily grind in traffic. Despite it being marketed as a cheap run-around, it doesn’t feel like one and the refinement and build quality levels are impressive., In theory, the motivation for the upsurge in Maoism in the second term of the UPA is said to be the hand over of vast tracts of tribal land to industrial and mining groups. In theory, the Maoists are said to be battling on behalf of the voiceless tribals who have suffered due to decades of neglect., Yes, that is when my heart truly thrives., Further along the concrete walkway, there was a building being turned into living spaces. These living spaces were small and did not feature a kitchen. Since I had this dream before, I recognized the man working on the interior of the building. Since I remembered having the dream before and it had been a pretty long time since I had this dream, I said to the bearded contractor “Still working on this?”, The first thing to do is to open your image in Adobe Camera RAW, Even the present Tory Chancellor has spoken out against such fiscal sleight of hand and attempted, be it in an apparently ham-fisted way, to counter it. He could be being disingenuous, of course, but even if his disquiet if genuine and his policy works, the few extra millions to the treasury, though welcome, again changes nothing fundamentally., The dentist went to chat with the person on the phone. Saylor said he wanted to leave, go home. He didn't care if he had to live with his tooth just the way it was.... "I just want to go home," he urged, tears flowing., A constant fight, For several months now I've been working with a group of 2nd graders in preparation for a storytelling contest, and the kids have really found their groove. The competition is Saturday morning down in Lubbock, Texas and I'm eager to see how they fare. Here is how it works. Someone reads them a story and then one by one they go to a different room and tell retell the story they just heard to an audience and judge that has not heard the original version. My only concern was and is their nerves at standing before a room of strangers. I've been trying to teach them how to improvise and make the story their own to distinguish themselves from the group. This week I brought in an audience to get them used to speaking in front of strangers., just finished a scrapbook layout..., Well, let's start this post with Friday. Last show. Somehow strange it's over. And I don't know why I've got drunk after two glasses of whiskey and a half glass (not even half I guess) of absinthe. Maybe 'cause I didn't eat anything the whole day. Maybe because I didn't drink for weeks ('cause I took antibiotics) or maybe even because of the antibiotics, Friday was the last day of my 10-days treatment (another thing I'm glad about. No pills anymore!). However, three o'clock was way too early and I felt way too drunk. But I didn't had a hangover next morning. If I remember correctly, I never ever had a real hangover. And this was the first or second time I felt drunk, but I guess I wasn't even drunk, 'cause when I was home I felt pretty well. Hm, enough about that. I shouldn't blog about drinking experiences :D I'm just glad I didn't have to drive home. That's another thing why I usually don't drink when I'm out., As the saying goes, first impressions last, so it would be better to make that first impression by looking just right for the job. After all, if a person wants to have an executive job, then, he should dress appropriately for the position. In this way, the executive job he had been searching for might just become a reality., The group was founded in Scotland in the mid 1960's. At that time, the band was known as “The Saxons“. Seeking a less Scottish sounding name, they allegedly got their new name by throwing a dart at a map of The United States. Supposedly, the dart landed in Arkansas, and not wanting to be known as “The Arkansas Rollers”, the band threw a second dart, with that one landing on the town of “Bay City, Michigan“., While the sentence seems convoluted to most people who can hear, it makes sense to Joe Lellman, an NIU senior from Buffalo Grove. He uses the sentence to show how different American Sign Language grammar is compared with spoken English., Recently, a lot of great thinking has happened around the idea that business – and by extension the economy – should return value, in addition to generating profit. For example, Mark Kramer and Michael Porter wrote a very interesting piece on creating shared value that was also discussed in this New York Times article, “First make money. Also, do good.” Nestle Corporation is one of a growing number of companies that see shared value as an evolved form of corporate social responsibility. Customer capitalism (which focuses on providing value to the customer before the shareholder) is described in the Harvard Business Review as the third stage in the evolution of capitalism. (Professional management and shareholder capitalism are the first two.) And Umair Haque’s book, the New Capitalist Manifesto, describes “thick or authentic value” as the subtraction of total or real cost from the price a product can demand., 3.The above rules will be introduced into member states Constitutions or the legal equivalent. This rule will contain an automatic correction mechanism that shall be triggered in the event of a deviation from the rule, the correction mechanism will be defined by each member state based on principles put forward by the European Commission. All member states will accede to the European Court of Justice the right to verify the imposition of this rule at National level., A lot of the people I follow on Twitter I follow because I'm a fan. Sure, I follow other industry experts and friends, but I also follow a lot of chefs (in my case). People I admire for their culinary skills. Some of my favorites are those I've gotten to "know" through various food competitions like Top Chef, Food Network or even their cookbooks or blogs. Not too long ago I was leaving Atlanta after a great conference with the Georgia Romance Writers. While waiting at the airport I Tweeted that I was leaving ATL and was bummed I didn't have the chance to visit Flip Burger and I included chef and owner Richard Blais (@RichardBlais) in my Tweet. Just a few short hours later @RichardBlais tweeted back "not as bummed as we are.", It is very important to include your educational qualifications in your resume. You could mention a few lines regarding your schooling and edifying experiences. Tell them about a specific degree that you possess. You could say that you have done Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering., However much it sticks in our throat to see Murdoch win yet another battle, if Hunt can show that the BSkyB takeover meets the appropriate objective criteria, it is then legitimate for him to exercise his discretion as a minister according to the political convictions on which he was elected., What the photo doesn’t really show is how deep it is. Frankly, I’m surprised that the doctor couldn’t see bone when he opened it up. Also, before they cleaned it the whole wound was full of metal dust and other assorted crap., It's their own future and their own world., Here is part of the text from this bill., Claire C, I think I can help with that., This commercial features the T-Mobile pink dress girl. I call her that because every commercial you see her in, she’s in a pink dress. Pink (magenta to be specific) being T-mobile’s signature color., Kegged: 07-16-2009, He walked into a pink house festooned with a ran-over gate and scattered trash on the lawn. Loud music rattled my car windows. I snapped a few more pictures, got out of the car, and started to walk up the street. I looked at the spot I wanted to land and shifted to it in a flash., In a world mid-change, I maintain my right, Tim Howard - was the Chief Financial Officer of Fannie Mae. Howard "was a strong internal proponent of using accounting strategies that would ensure a "stable pattern of earnings" at Fannie. Investigations by federal regulators and the company's board of directors since concluded that management did manipulate 1998 earnings to trigger bonuses. Raines and Howard resigned under pressure in late 2004. Howard's Golden Parachute was estimated at $20 Million!, - At the end of the day, it does smudge a tiny little on my lower outer corner. It’s not a deal-breaker for me, and I can wipe it off very easily, but I have to be honest about this!, Fits On 1 CD, The radical sign is like a prison. Twelve can be expressed as a product of prime factors so <U+221A>12 = <U+221A>(2×2×3). The 2's pair up and try to break out. Sadly, only one of them survives the escape. <U+221A>12 becomes 2<U+221A>3., Well, the father of the late Satoru Kobayashi publicly announced yesterday (the 16 year anniversary of his son’s death) that he would like the police to end the search for his son’s killer., This package contained two journals, Michael's and Jennifer's., They’ve had a few surprises., their toes feeling, Then again, most people just don’t care as much and just like to blast it in their car, and use speakers that doof doof down the block. But none of that’s new. This isn’t that new though, back when Hi-fi first came out it was the same idea, just not quite as ‘tech-y’ as today., I love you Carter. I should probably get ready for bed. Abby is sleeping for now, but that probably won't last so I should get ready while I can! I love you, I love you, I love you!, Capital Island Wheat; Middleton, Wisconsin, Wheat Ale, He said ”Want to get out of here?”, I think- no matter how much wailing and gnashing of teeth; no matter how much snot and droll pours from his mouth and nose; no matter how long he lays on the floor and screams- this week will be dedicated to putting those pants on independently ALL the time. Because, I've seen him do it when the M&M's come out. Because he deserves to learn to be independent in all ways that he can., Over the next few days, I had many moments that are part of who I am today. Those moments will be put in this blog, when it’s their time., pea balls (green peas), It's time for another challenge at Creative Craft Challenge not my teams turn this time so no card form me today but I thought I'd pop the details up so you can all join in. The challenge this time is an inspirational picture, We have had over 2,000 applicants and made over 30 offers., the leather clad elite of the lower east side, Whoohoo! Hey there my sweet friends!! I am just delighted to tell you that Mary & Andrea over at The Ribbon Girl Blog asked me a couple of months ago if I would consider being a Guest Designer for this month's fabulous color challenge! Well, of course, I all but tripped on my tongue saying YES!! hehehe! And here I am . . . Guest Designing for The Ribbon Girl! How awesome is that?!, "The chairs are nice chairs. I never had such a nice chair at the other place. The tables are kind of smaller, but they roll don't they? I'm sure they roll.", And this was my comment on the thread itself. Fortunately, as a blog administrator, I get the last word:, How do you write what is in your heart if you are fifteen years old, your mother tongue is Arabic or Somali or Amharic and you have only been in the UK for six months? This year I had the opportunity to work on a project organised by English PEN and the Tricycle Theatre, Kilburn, North London, for newly arrived young people. Last week we launched the anthology of their work, 'My Suitcase is Packed' at the theatre, with many of the young people reading on stage., Yesterday was an interesting albeit unusual day for me. It all started with an innocent question from the girls of whether the American slaves had a "Moses" which led me to discover that it was exactly the 44th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr's assassination. I watched portions of vintage speeches and then got inspired to scrapbook a layout on King which I felt really needed to be wrapped up on the same day of April 4. It dawned on me that I was precisely 4 months old when he was assassinated so I rummaged through the few photos I had from childhood ( ~ I was daughter #4 so photos are few for me!) and, lo and behold, I had photos from April 1968. I found King's famous "I had a dream" and "I have been to the mountaintop" speeches in written format and photos of him in US national archives online which I printed out along with the headlines from the New York Times for April 5, 1968 announcing his death online., Reuben: He made us from dust; He died for us on the Cross; He rose again for us; and that is all I can think of!, with my eyes closed, we are bound to each other, Getting in: The weekend pass for all day and evening milongas and practicas (not any workshops or privatandas) was L60. The daytime milongas went on about as long as milongas usually do in London, the others longer. You could also book for individual evening milongas or day-passes, but it works out more expensive. Advance booking is essential, places are limited and if you just turn up it won't be possible to let you in. I'd say the entry price was a few pounds higher than other festivals of this type, depending on the exchange rate, but very reasonable by UK standards, especially in view of the number of hours' dancing and the high quality of organisation, music, and dance. Certainly it had no problems getting fully booked, and I wouldn't expect it to next year., This is really just Turkish diplomacy moving into the third stage of challenging the status quo in the Aegean Sea. Using an obvious parallel, Recep Erdogan had his march into the Rhineland moment with Cyprus, and drilling thereof. Now he’s trying to engineer an Anschluss., The 1st birthday Molliemakes sitting on new frock fabric - I hope to be able to make this on Saturday. Am loving the new mag - I know some find it twee but I am still a happy subscriber :), It isn't easy to humble yourself! It can be hard to say, "I was wrong. Please accept my apology and forgive me." But think what happens to relationships when we do that. Some people are willing to forgive and move on, what a blessing! Others have a hard time and then the relationship is lost, which is so very sad. All you can do is your part to reach halfway., I caved--I joined Bonnie's Orca Bay mystery. I didn't really NEED another new project but I love Bonnie Hunter's quilts and I didn't do last year's mystery but wished I had. Besides, I always seem to actually get things done quicker when I'm doings mystery. It must be the anticipation of awaiting the next step or something...., Did you just say, "oh NO?", One, without question. The Vampire Diaries nearly owns my world right now., And, I'm guest posting at Tiffany's, from Living Savvy today. She's got a fun Spraypainter's Anonymous Series, so go check it out. I promise it's more than just mindless ramblings., I love old time hymns sung acapella and the Issac's always do a great job., Like new laundry and a new sundry of snacks to accompany a body of change, Languages/Subtitles: English SDH, French, Spanish, On January 12, apparently under advice from counsel, Nifong formally recused himself from the lacrosse case—the first step, in all likelihood, toward losing his license to practice law. Cameramen captured a shot of the springtime media darling walking, alone and in the dark, to his car as he drove away from his office. The attorney general’s special prosecutions division took over the case., And I made a super conscious effort, With Valentine's Day around the corner, these images are perfect for fun and sexy cards., “NOTHING WILL GET IN MY WAY TODAY”,I scream aloud as I journey on my way., Saturday was a big day. Earlier in the week I was looking at the badges available on foursquare and I saw an ESPN College GameDay badge. I knew that College GameDay was going to be Palo Alto at Stanford and I really wanted that badge so I thought maybe I would just go to Game Day but not go to the game. The more I thought about it the more I want to go the actual game. I know my love for USC is apparent on the blog and if you follow me on twitter but one thing you don't know is that Stanford is a family favorite. My brother and dad love the school. We have gone to the USC at Stanford game for the last three times USC has played at Stanford (they play here in even years) When I was little we had season tickets and one of my most prized possesion is this...., Damien W Riggs is a lecturer in social work at Flinders University. He publishes in the areas of critical race and whiteness studies, gender and sexuality studies, and parenting and family studies (and the intersections of these three areas). Titles include Priscilla, (white) queen of the desert, Becoming parent: Lesbians, gay men, and family, and What about the children! Masculinities, sexualities and hegemony., July: Pouch for Dale's portable hard-drive, washers for Callum and Annie, heatpack for Callum, heatpack for Annie., 7) Buy some new shoes...mama really needs a new pair! This also reminds me that the kids need cleats for soccer. **Mama may not get her new shoes., How can people promote these influences?, How much did they really want their pet back? How much attention did ‘MiMi’ get anyway. He’d obviously been trained well, but somehow I couldn’t envisage anyone in that family managing to train him so well – Westie’s were renowned for being stubborn, weren’t they?, Now to make sure we are well behaved for the Easter Bunny to come, Upon arriving at the doctor's appointment, it was so wonderful to be greeted by our favorite CF Nurse. It is such a blessing to have a nurse who worries about us and cares about us and allows us to give her hugs after all of the arduous work we ensued getting this appointment underway!!!, First movie at a theater: “Kung-Fu Panda.”, When I was a kid I used to post my red ribbons across the top of the bulletin board in my room. The green ribbons would go in the drawer in my desk, underneath my report cards. Today in my office, a single tattered green ribbon hangs on the bulletin board above my computer screen. It reminds me of the lessons being taught that day on the beach by kids who were thrilled just to be in the game., Next, wearing a blue boubou and white cap, appears Dr. Adama Traoré, Vice President of the Coordination des Organisations Patriotiques du Mali (COPAM), a pro-putsch umbrella group formed in the days after last month’s coup d’etat. Flanked by a couple of young men in street clothes, he gives a statement in Bamanan with the same content as Lt. Ouedraogo’s remarks., 7.) back stitch, God I love a good pair of boots...maybe just one pair...I've been so good..., AW has also said that if he knew about Vermaelen’s fate, he would have signed a center back. Wow, he tells us. There’s no point sulking anymore. We have a long tournament-less summer to look forward to. You wouldn’t call the European Under-21 Championships a ‘tourney worth watching’. Will you?, I looked everywhere. I couldn’t find her. I was determined to., Celaena finds her training sessions with the captain of the guard, Westfall, challenging and exhilirating. But she’s bored stiff by court life. Things get a little more interesting when the prince starts to show interest in her... but it’s the gruff Captain Westfall who seems to understand her best., Do: Get wise counsel. I spoke with several pastors (including my dad) who have led a number of funerals and found their advi, I had praise for Julian Gough’s last novel, Jude: Level 1, a barmy, barnstorming satire on boomtime Ireland in which “realism doesn’t get a look-in but reality is ever-present.” That book has now been retrospectively retitled Jude in Ireland, to match this second volume in a projected trilogy (Jude in America is still to come). But one of my concerns for the first book was how, even at 180 pages, it risked straining the reader’s patience for its antic comic style. How then will we fare with the sequel, fully twice the length?, I've heard you make lasting friendships in the re-education camps!, He loves you too…, Honorable mentions- Four from Divergent, Hermione Granger from Harry Potter, Peeta from The Hunger Games, President Snow from The Hunger Games, Professor Umbridge from Harry Potter, Professor Snape from Harry Potter, Neville Longbottom from Harry Potter, Mara from The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer, Miss Moore from A Great and Terrible Beauty, Vee from Slide and Delaney from Fracture...too name a few., GIVE-AWAY coming SOOOOOON! - stay posted!!!!!, We also made some money when I took back a school skirt and trousers I had ordered from John Lewis and found a cheaper skirt., No family. 2 friends. Nothing else., If such a draconian law were ever to be passed - I suspect very few people would grumble!, How do you find your golf cart among the hundreds of others that are stored at the golf course? Sure, you may have your own "parking spot" but if anyone is like me, I would easily forget where that "parking spot" is. The solution is to personalize it with your own name and stick figures!, Thought Moon!, Now, to the original point. Is it really possible to be infinite? I think not. Is it worth living life feeling like you’re infinite? Maybe, maybe not. Since our human lives are so short compared to the grand scheme of things, it’s possible that what I’m writing about from the dark of my little bedroom in Alberta, isn’t even worth thinking about., "The dragon sits by the side of the road, watching those who pass. Beware lest he devour you. We go to the Father of Souls, but it is necessary to pass by the dragon.", At a public event in January, we looked at a huge range of work by all of the visiting students, and a number of the projects—all of them speculative works set in New York City—continue to come to mind. But because of the frequency with which I refer to one of them, in particular, I thought I should post it here., And thus we arrive at the final piece of confession. It is a truth that I concealed so well that I didn’t even realize it until midway through writing this post. This truth is that I have been trying to fix things myself. I have been trying to correct my own errors without help from anyone. I think it’s time to admit that it doesn’t work., I had unpictured cereal for breakfast of course. 2 bowls shredded wheat, 1 bowl brown rice krispies, and a banana. Never gets old (well at least not for me. Maybe for you though which is why I didn’t bother taking a picture)., IMPLICATIONS: consumers will expect staff excellence, superlative service and proved expertise. Retailer will need to get smarter, transparent and trustworthy. Upgrade store staff skills through training might be too expensive and not enough., (I forgot to mention, fruits and vegetables were able to speak too.), Call or go online now to help Save the Dragons™!, I know I owe the world the next post in the GBV 5 Songs saga (scheduled: Bee Thousand), but I haven't felt the crushing desire to eliminate 4/5 of the album from contention yet - as I love nearly each and every track on that record., Vidura was an incarnation of Yama, the god of death. After finishing his term as Vidura he returned to his place among the exalted deceased (the Pit<U+1E5B>) and resumed his responsibilities as Yama. But as a result of his tenure as Vidura, his consciousness was now completely wrapped around K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a., Dialogue: 6,0:00:38.85,0:00:43.52,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,Though, I would call that a pretty sad way to live., So almost a month ago, something crazy happened. I turned 30. Gulp. For anyone who has been following this blog, you know I was having a bit of an issue turning 30. I had made the conscious decision to not be in town for that birthday. I didn’t know where I wanted to be, but it was not here. About six months ago, I decided that I wanted to turn the big 3-0 in the Big Apple. It is and always has been one of my favorite cities. I wanted Brad to go with me, but he was in the middle of a crazy travel schedule, so he told me to bring my sister. Shh, she was my first choice anyway : ), Shoes are awesome, shoes are hot. Some make me feel comfortable, some make me feel like I can take on the world. Some say, “I mean business,” while others say, “Clothes? Who needs em? You just need us and a big ol smile, now get over here big boy.”, And the number of dirty looks we’ve received from parents for letting, To be entered in this giveaway just leave me a comment here on this post through Friday, 1/13 at 4pm (Pacific time). I will announce the 3 random winners Friday evening. Winners will have until Monday evening to contact me., I’ve been thinking a lot about what love is. We’ve been through tons of research on all of the emotional difficulties that come with bringing a child into your home who has never truly experienced a loving, nurturing and safe environment and a good deal of it talks about how bonding with a child who has never experienced that level of love begins with the meeting of basic needs and, ultimately, sacrificing my emotional need to get love in return for my actions. The truth is, it may take weeks or months before trust is built and our child can genuinely show us love in return. It’s made me think a lot about what Biblical love is. I think in our culture we’ve reduced love to squishy feelings and sentiments, to hearts and teddy bears. We throw 1 Corinthians 13 in every wedding ceremony because of it’s romantic, flowery language about speaking in tongues of men and angels, but we never really stop to consider what a hard line it is to walk. Love isn’t conditional, love is what happens when you meet a need without considering the reward. That’s tough., It just seems like a lot of her statements that she’s made have been really inaccurate., Over the last months, I've been doing lots of little jobs, commissions and creations, had my work included here and there, and have quite a bit to tell. So, taking the opportunity of a sunlit desk on which to photograph things, here, in a sort of spring miscellany of doings, it all is..., garnishing:, Generally a group, any group, has an agenda. Stated or not. Conscious or not. No matter how well meaning, they almost always want something., Repeat the steps until needed. In the meanwhile, warm the maple syrup. Stack the pancake and pour the warm syrup and serve hot., I found a great article which answers alot of the questions people might have when considering whether to foster an animal or not. Click the link below to read the article in Canadian Living., What if I post a few photos each day for a little while (little wHile) nevermind that… and the photos will tell the story of my life. My photographic life!, Will write Day 5 from hospital tomorrow night!! Hopefully I don't fall behind again., I find it magical how, almost overnight, the barren streets transformed into this dreamy, saturated, fairy-tale like place where every time I go outside all I want to do is break out in song and dance and twirl around the budded trees as if I were in some technicolor, springtime musical., The purple, not blue, LOL satin ribbon is from Walmart., My Lord Scandal was a delight to read with the sensual characters and interwoven plot that pulls you into the world of forbidden love and the consequences that go along., The Gundam franchise is an excellent source for strong male characters and it’s no accident so many of them are fathers or surrogate fathers. Even if we’re unaware of it, as men, most things we do in life are measured and compared against the lives of our fathers if only by ourselves. As I looked at the two current flagship shows of Gundam, AGE & Unicorn, I see two very different perspectives on the same idea. Spoilers ahead!, So that is the horror that is apartheid. It's not my intent to defend apartheid and its sad legacy of statutory racial discrimination here, but to expose Goldstone and the world's grotesque hypocrisy. For the sake of brevity, we'll focus on his last statement, that "blacks critically injured (were) left to bleed to death" since there was supposedly "no black ambulance to rush them to a black hospital". I wonder just how many such cases Judge Goldstone was honestly aware of? I am almost certain such cases were rare. A close relative of mine, having entered the South African medical world in 1979 - working in emergency units of public hospitals across the country - cannot recall a single incident where life or limb was ever saved or lost on the basis of the patient's skin., It is also my firm conviction that we need to get rid of both the European Union and the United Nations. At the end of the Cold War, Francis Fukuyama pronounced that we had arrived at "The End of History", and that capitalism and liberal democracy would now be the only global system left. But when I look at Europe today, I see democracies under threat because of an elaborate Eurabian bureaucracy and Islamic fanaticism. I see countries unwilling or unable to defend themselves against massive immigration/colonization, and the possible dawn of neo-barbarism. Has democracy become too soft to function? Have we arrived at "the End of Democracy" instead of "the End of History?" What does it take for a democracy to work? Can you still retain a democracy with massive illegal immigration going on? Is Multiculturalism inherently anti-democratic? Some people claim that the nation state is a redundant concept in a globalized world, but I can't see many democratic societies not based on a nation state. Can you? To me, the EU is the perfect example of how democracy becomes weakened when you try to make an organization above the nation state. And the UN is unacceptable because it allows dictatorships and corrupt non-democratic states to dictate democratic ones. Until we have something better, if ever, the nation state is the best way ever discovered of organizing society to provide the greatest good to the greatest number of people. The problem I think is that people get confused between democracy and human rights. Obviously you can't have pure democracy -- that is just mob rule. As some wag once wrote, "Two wolves voting to eat the sheep." That's why the famous concept of "checks and balances" were built into the US system of government -- to give some protection to the sheep. The framers of the US constitution thought long and hard about pure democracy and recognized its limitations., “Thank you, sir,” she replied in her accented Common. Her reading and writing of the Common language shared between races of the Alliance was much better than her spoken, but she still understood most things everyone said, and vis versa. Its live application was certainly more difficult than just practicing it with other Draenei., 10:00 – Moby (DJ Set), Neon Indian (DJ Set) @ Webster Hall $1 (19+), You can have an early "pay-day"., I had three goals for today., To remember your dream., They sat on the patio for over an hour and discussed John Wayne, Nelson Eddy, Jeanette McDonald, Seattle, an Alaskan Cruise, sports, lots of mutual friends and many more things. He told Mom he really enjoyed himself., I don't like you very much. In fact, I would go as far as to say I detest your stinking guts. However, as you are an enormous business, I doubt very much you know or care what I think. I know for a fact three of your employees don't like me very much. Particularly after today's events., yat-pada-sevabhirucis tapasvinam, From what I’ve seen Dash has always been way more tolerant off leash than on, and I remember thinking “I sure hope he lets Dash off his lead today. I’d like to give him some hotdogs.”, Ye’ve got t’ sing an’ dance fer years, ye’ve got t’ romp an’ play,, Should the alcohol industry speak with a unified voice?, 08/18/09 BUY USDJPY 0.01 95.00 10/15/2010 81.46 -166.22, There are 53 (I tried to do 50, really I did) of my favourites to get through. But get through them you must. Note: films are very loosely ordered., Released reports suggest the fire began near a temporary generator that was being used due to problems with the building's main power supply. Hey, they're monks not electricians. However, after the BBC Europe botch job we weren't entirely satisfied with the reported cause of the fire... so we conducted our own investigation. What we found was far more sinister than a Honda generator., Over low speed add baking powder, salt and flour and mix until it comes together., We are so happy to have Pat Pearson as a special guest design team member today. Pat's card was chosen as a Top Three card a few challenges back and we invited her to be a guest dt member and we were thrilled when she accepted. Pat is a team member with me at Paper Creations Ink , and her talent can be seen there and at her own blog here. I shipped Pat the images from our digital sponsors, Glitterbabe and Doodle Pantry and she had so much fun with them, she created three cards to share with us today! Here they are:, under me, The moral of the story is fix what doesn't work before moving on to any new imprint. This latest move by Raider just looks cynical and an attempt to start all over again with a clean slate., Wood art: $30, Skills:, You all were super amazing last year and submitted your votes... and Simplicity placed in the top 5 of WDIV's Vote 4 the Best Contest. Thank you soooo much for your support., Don't settle for anything less than the very best. You don't need to flaunt yourself to get attention, though so often, it is portrayed that that's the only way. If you are willing to wait and keep yourself untainted by the impurities life will throw at you, you will meet a man who is willing to treat you like the princess you are. God knows what you need, even if you don't, and He will provide. He loves you and wants the very best for you, so please, protect your heart until the very best comes to you., So try out a couple of these rules and see what happens. After all, there's no point in going out to eat if you're going to regret it as soon as you leave? You're paying for your meal, you might as well make it an enjoyable experience., To get involved email: sweetandsoutie@gmail.com, For the feat is strong against them, Will Chow from Dagobah leave?, A super simple and colourful summer wreath., 38.) I Have Always Supported Universal Health Care - NOT EXACTLY, your plan, Publication Date: February 8, 2012, I was up late, the night before, pulling everything out of the basement -, "If it were my pension contributions being invested in an industry whose only product line killed people in the numbers that die from tobacco, I would be absolutely horrified. As a doctor I think it would be completely unethical to have any part in it", Scally added.As a doctor, Scally, I think it's rather fucking unethical of you to think that you should have any say in financial matters whatsoever., With all that said, we’re still looking. We’re hoping prices won’t skyrocket again when spring rolls around, but that may be just wishful thinking. Our strategy is to either find a home with an income generating suite or stay where we’re at now and just buy an investment property. Either way, the debt load we’ll be incurring is a little unsettling. But, sometimes you have to take risks in life., We decide that once night falls and we have both lost feeling in our feet, that it is time to bid the lake “Good evening, oh flawless one!” and head back to de-frost around the fire., Nov, 3rd: Yugongyishan / Beijing (CH), I think we all know what the phrase au revoir means. Good-bye, right? But in French, it literally means something more like "to the next time we see one another.", My friend’s email signature says “Our Thoughts Become Things”, On buying our French house fourteen years ago, we installed two of these new conservation lavs. When you do the same, one or more of the following will happen: (1) the woefully inadequate small plunger mechanism atop the inner tower will break (2) the inner tower itself will shear in any one of a dozen places where cheap plastic has been used (3) an inexplicable Outer Limits effect will turn the long and short flushes the other way round (4) the tower goes down, but refuses to come back up again, and (5) the refill gets out of sync, thus wasting whole reservoirs of water as the loo continues to flush long after one’s business is finished., I have seen so many beautiful tablescapes around blogland. I'm afraid I'm a placematt, plate and utensil kinda gal. I really need to step up my game! While I don't have a dining tablescape to share today, I do have many vingnettes on tables here and there throughout my home., What many Americans do not know is that the United States of America is composed of separate and sovereign republics, each with its own constitution. What has occurred, however, has been the erosion of states’ rights and with that, the gradual distortion of the nation’s central instrument of governance, the Constitution, to mean anything Congress wants it to say., Knows the secret of death., Ever since there was Web 2.0, I don’t know if it revolutionized the Internet very much, but the suffix 2.0 has caused a huge stir in the vocabulary of common geek man (Common Geek is one who lusts for that 1TB USB external hard drive for $99 through techbargains.com)., "I Want To Be Your Driver", Well, here we are again, counting up more failed banks., keeping steadfast love for the thousandth generation,, Term:, The Railway Servants' Orphanage in Derby placed models of Stephenson's Rocket on railway platforms in the 1880s. When a coin was inserted, the clockwork mechanism would spring into action and the engine would come to life. No doubt this was a very effective way of using 'pester power' to extract pennies from travel-worn parents!, So we’re taking a full sized slum dwelling, a freestanding outdoor photographic exhibit, 4,500 photos and stacks of marketing material in between – and a tent and camping gear. I’m not sure if we’ll have room for our bags yet as our youngest daughter has arrived back early from Amsterdam and her seat was meant to be the space for that. On top of that we have people coming to stay at our place while we are away so it has to be spotless before we leave 8am on Saturday!, Front Exit Exhaust, Reason Number One: Less stress. This is pretty obvious. Get it done and “forgetaboutit!” No rush, no stress, and you get to use a really cheesy line from NY or Donnie Brasco (take your pick of references). Especially if you are doing things like applications for programs, scholarships, or schools. They may seem lengthy, but I promise, getting it done as soon as possible will pay off., She did not look like a man or a woman with a beard, Houseago likes to unify different visions, but rarely does he do it as seamlessly as he does in Rattlesnake Figure. What’s even more impressive is that this isn’t the entire story of this piece. When encountering the work, I challenge the viewer to determine the back of the sculpture from the front. After close looking, I failed in my attempt. Glutes easily turn into thigh muscles, the directional force of the legs and body is difficult to determine, the face carving and drawing is a collection of mis-directions and false clues. Here we have a Picasso/Rodin shattering of figuration, a sculpture that is a whole figure with a take on sculptural essence in a traditional sense, yet a work that cannot be pinned down as an “image” or embodiment of any one thing. Even as Houseago invokes the Germans and Renaissance Platonists, he undermines them. He shows he is a Picasso man at heart. He’ll meditate on a self and then explode it to pieces., How do these 'academics' know that Starkey's wrong when they have the "No Platform Policy" endorsed by the NUS, and their use of UAF thugs to silence politically incorrect speakers at universities? Academic progress is supposed to be achieved by hearing opposing viewpoints?, Master bath, 5. Palmers Coco Butter Sick- best thing ever for my lips. I keep one in every room of the house, in the car, and at the office- they are everywhere., (SB 5.12.14 Purport), Unfortunately we all treated East Pakistan as a colony and never granted them their justly deserved status of being the major human organ of Pakistan’s body – 54 percent of the population. As power barons of the Federal government mostly hailed from West Pakistan they never shared the power willingly or happily with their Bengali brethren., I figured the best course of action was to meet them halfway, adopt a neutral stance, and let them speak first. See, I told you I’ve been working on it. What happened shook me. They were nice. They were more than nice; they were apologetic. They gave me the history of their son’s behavior and how his comeuppance was long overdue. That it was delivered by a tiny little thing made it all the more poetic. While we laughed and made small talk, I couldn’t stop thinking that our laughter and easy conversation was an endorsement of violent behavior. I mentioned this, and it kind of killed the mood. They awkwardly disengaged themselves, and my wife and I were left with how to redefine and appropriately teach what justice was. Like that would be easy., The fact that Blackbarony, Stanhope and Dawyck were to rely on government forces garrisoned outside of Peeblesshire at Boghall to ‘apprehend the hearers and preachers’ from the conventicle only reinforces the impression of failure. The Boghall garrison was based at Boghall Castle, which lies just outside of Biggar, Lanarkshire, at the southern end of the Pentland Hills., from 'Home Library" by Zoran Zivkovic as found in his short story collection The Library, A Washington DC-area citizens’ civil rights group and the American Civil Liberties Union have launched a publicity and petition campaign against bag searches on the area’s subway system., We didn't really keep score. Everybody played hard. Nobody got hurt. And we had a lot of fun., Before she knew it they were at the end of the street. Matt slowed the bike and put his feet down to stop., Not empty in the photo I know... by the time I got to this post I had already refilled the container with new polish remover. The Quo remover that came in the bottle was okay, just your basic polish remover, but the pump bottle is fantastic! I'd buy it again just for the bottle. Actually, I already did, to store my pure acetone., Our final walk through is Monday April 30th! YAY!! We went out a few days ago and we were completely shocked at everything that had been done. Our carpets in, our kitchen floor had been fixed and changed to the wood, ours lights were all in and working, our toilets in and working, the exteriors were almost done…etc., The cushion soft leaves of the alchemilla - such a pretty name, don't you think? - are unfolding, diamond bright raindrops held shimmering at the edge and the lime green flowers slowly opening. I have a real thing about lime-coloured flowers, particularly when placed in vases full of creamy roses and lilac blossom. Such an elegant and yet old fashioned feel to arrangements such as these., An open-ended question is designed to encourage a full, meaningful answer using the subject’s own knowledge and/or feelings. It is the opposite of a closed-ended question, which encourages a short or single-word answer. Open-ended questions also tend to be more objective and less leading than closed-ended questions (see next page)., collection of singles rather than an 'album', ranging from a classic, 3. They complain that “we” are broke., “What are these rectangle things?” Hank asked, looking and pointing at the picture again., that are served on tiny wooden spears in the bars of the Basque, Heat up vegetable oil in wok and deep fry the potato until golden brown. Take out the potatoes and put aside. Leave a little bit of oil in the wok and stir fry the shallots until crispy. Add in chili powder and stir the chili under low heat until for around 3 minutes. Then add in salt, sugar and tomato sauce. When the salt and sugar dissolve, add in the potatoes and stir until the chili coat the potatoes evenly., Our information has the real Cortell in the state of Nevada, and he has access to cloning tech., I was able to attend two of such gatherings during the last weekend. One was a documentary screening and the other one was a talk i attended. Both will have their separate entries., No intelligent student of the Bible believes that a person is a member of God’s Church because that person has joined some denominational organization. But every such student knows that God’s way of joining God’s Church is told in 1 Corinthians 12:12-13, “For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body; SO ALSO IS CHRIST: For by one Spirit are we all baptized into ONE BODY.”, I am still young on the Folk scene, trying to widen my knowledge everyday, but as I am quickly realising, to really become immersed in a genre of music takes much work!, The past of my imagination, My favourite details are the use of the gold animals on each place and on the escort card table and the inspirational quotes dotted around. It really personalises the celebration and of course I adore the flowers - those yellow billy buttons really pop with the orange roses!, Mr FF has purchased some blogging app that he says will enable me to load photos, plus some device that will enable me to get them off my camera. Whether I will have the patience to learn how to use them is another matter altogether. I have finished my first pair of socks, never realised before now much yarn and nedles could raise your temperature, a few rows had me in a complete lather., My heart grows sad as I write those words because the storm is coming., “And it´s so different for a lot of people I´ve known. One partner doesn´t love the other enough to stop drinking, or gambling, or running around with other women. One is the giver and one is the taker. The giver wishes the taker would stop.”, As Daniel and Anna’s lives were revisited so will be the MacGregor family in the early past. Nora Roberts brings the early members of the clan to the pages in Rebellion., 1/4 cup orange-infused olive oil, I really like what Chuck Smith wrote in one of his commentaries about this:, What's in it for you? Why another freebie of course! Deal?, Thursday 16.12.2010 Day 350, The destruction first came to light in the Brooklyn Heights Blog, where a conflict seems to be building up about whether or not something inside a private building should be landmarked., In the interest of being seen as fair-minded, bipartisan, ecumenical, unbiased, and an all-round decent American, I have been searching my mind for things about America that President Barack Obama likes., This war in Libya has been on going for 6 months., Who knows... Perhaps, we can make the world a better place, one sex act at a time., And if you’ve got a holster,, With some of the students, he worked directly on their paintings, but he left problems for them to solve. "I'll leave something for you to do. I think you'll get this by the time you're eighty. That's how old I am.", Anyway, hope you all have a safe & happy holiday! Enjoy, and Happy Birthday, America!, Freddie Mac executive Anthony Renzi, who ran GMAC Mortgage into the ground before hiding out with his federal friends for two years has now left Freddie for a new job with his private sector banking pals. With a proven track record of failure, why shouldn’t he be rewarded?, NDC, A towzie tyke (A rough dog), black, grim, and large,, The One S has tested better than the Note, the Droid 4 and the LG Spectrum in both Browsermark and Quadrant. Quadrant tests everything from the CPU to the memory to the graphics, and while all three of the aforementioned Android phones stayed well below the 3,000 mark, the One S scored an impressive 4,371., Therefore there are, within this report, numerous grounds for concern. However, in terms of specific issues, three matters of special concern need to be highlighted:, “There is a lot of over-enthusiasm by governments to push global warming, which makes me very suspicious.” Less than five per cent of our energy comes from renewable sources but the “disproportionate” cost of implementing green technology runs into many millions of pounds, he said., Does it matter then what the nose looks like? In an ideal world we would all like our teams to build cars that look nice at the same time as ‘going like stink’ and maybe McLaren are the team, so far, that have managed this but given a choice between a pretty car or one that is going to go faster, as a F1 fan, I would want the faster car! If this style of nose helps Ferrari, Force India and Caterham to improve their chances within the race then ‘bring on the ugly noses’ is what I say!, Here are some observations:, October: Fannie Mae discloses $1.2 billion accounting error., While I do have a few sampling notes on cigars to talk about (including nice Canadian editions as well as a tasting of Davidoff Puro Doro at an event in Taormina), I would like to talk about my travel humidour in this post - and if any of you has got some good tip on how to carry around their cigars when travelling, I'm clearly all open to new suggestions. It can in fact be problematic to carry around good cigars with you. Leather case or other tubes may not be enough if you are out for a little while. It is for this reason that I decided not long ago to invest in a very useful travel humidour, shown in the pictures below., Seeing that this would be a test case for the Peaceful Assembly Act, and its controversial definition on “street protests”, it will be interesting to see how the police will react tomorrow., There will be a hat, however,, We used bulletin board paper in a variety of colors for the students to wrap their tiles. I worked with 2 students at a time. Students were able to decorate their wrapping paper and then bring back their tile to us until the end of the day. We stressed being careful with the tile because if it fell, it may break and there was nothing we could do to fix it. Fortunately at the time we sent them home, we did not have any tiles break!!, Time flies when you are hiring new people and understaffed and get sucked into FY12 budget development and work late every night and at least once each weekend, doesn't it?, -the boys were extra excited this morning as they both logged onto Minecraft and found that it had been updated with new stuff. Happy sounds were heard throughout the house:), Since Bryan and Jeremy were climbin the Petzl Ridge of the Grand Teton, I tagged along with Matt and Holly but sadly, did not eat any chicken because the line was cray-cray long. Instead, I partook in the baked goods section and procured myself a peanut butter and jelly bar with a Diet Coke. Sassy., I opened the car door and got out., Location: Highway 26, east of Highway 35 junction near Government Camp, (sobbing, tissues piling up), I’ve never taken the time, Though nothing can replace the concept of that drink, the Lushington ($12) rye whiskey, quince gastrique, egg white, 25yr aged balsamic vinegar also caught my eye, and our server gave it his recommendation. I thought the whiskey was a little strong, so the cocktail would best consumed with or after food, not on an empty stomach., TGWD - So they get this guy to do the poster just because his first name sounds like something you'd associate with a chainsaw?, Who is this guy, Mr. Efraim Diveroli?, Please go the f&^k to sleep.I am sure most of you have heard of this book by now. I wanted to read it the moment I heard about it but of course my library didn't have it. Well... we are all in LUCK! It is now out in audio format spoken by Samuel Jackson! And all of you can listen to it too! YEAH!!! Enjoy! I just loved it. WARNING it is full of curse words (as you can probably tell by the title). Here it is:, Since 2003 he has toured under a revised name, The Alan Parsons Live Project (with Woolfson’s permission). The globe-trotting band features guitarist Godfrey Townsend, drummer Steve Murphy, keyboardist Manny Focarazzo, and bass guitarist John Montagna. The 2004-2005 shows offered vocalist P. J. Olsson‘s track “More Lost Without You”, while the later 2006 shows presented The Crystal Method-featured “We Play the Game” and opened with “Return to Tunguska” along with successes spanning the Project years., Eventually, “Obama” submits and/or the government is toppled., 4. Realize that not every shot will be perfect. The show is going to last for 20-30 minutes. That’s plenty of time to experiment, and get a feel for how your camera is capturing the images. One year, I had over 200 exposures. Out of all those, about 10 were print-worthy. Back in the days of film, that’d be downright painful. But in the digital age, it costs me nothing but a few extra minutes in Aperture. So just keep shooting., Swiss Chard with Raisins, Breakfast: 1/2 of a Slim-Fast shake, -Essays by Joan Didion and others, After draping the lining over Ashley's stays, the back en fourreau pleats are formed and stitched to the back lining. The draped front bodice lining pieces are used to cut out the front pieces in the lavender linen. These front pieces are then lapped over the back panel and stitched down, and their corresponding lining pieces folded under and stitched to the lining to conceal the raw edges inside., I would love to hear your ideas for encouraging your children to be walkers and enjoy the great outdoors., Last time I asked you guys something like this I was going to stop coloring my hair., Good night,, Wow, we had a really great crowd with challenging suggestions for the game ‘voice mail,’ and really great sets overall., The timeline went something like this:, I’ll be honest. I really don’t keep up with current events. You would think that after four years of journalism classes where I’ve learned the importance of media in society that I would have gained some semblance of desire to read the newspaper every once in a while, but no., Pitcher had spotted the two figures moving toward one of the choppers just a brief moment after his counterparts started sending rounds down range in their direction., The Third regiment was formed in September, 1811. It participated in the invasion of Russia as part of Oudinot's 2nd Corps, and were brigaded with the Swiss regiments. They fought well at the first and 2nd battles of Polotsk, and the crossing of the Beresina. Remnants of the regiment served in garrison duty in 1813., * give me a hard time about socializing with my friends or family, Joy doesn’t mean that your heart isn’t breaking; it’s the knowledge that no matter how badly your heart is broken, it’s all going to be worth it. Joy is contentment knowing that God has everything under control, that He loves us as tenderly as a mother and offers us better protection than the strongest of earthly fathers. Joy is hope, knowing that someday He will make everything new., Tomorrow I head to Colorado for a much-needed weekend with Mr. Wonderful. This time, we're hanging in his tiny town in the NE corner of the state. I'd tell you where it is, but you wouldn't be able to find it on a map. It's literally one square mile. The whole place, that is. I'm looking forward to seeing with my own eyes this Mayberry-esque place he's describe to me and sent photos of. Plus I'll get to hang with his boys again and get to know them better, which I'm excited about. I'm praying for cooler weather up there than what we've been having. And since the past couple of weeks have felt vaguely like the surface of the Sun here in Austin, I'm willing to bet it will be nicer up there, even if they're just as drought-ridden., Indeed God has many reasons for the church, the body of Christ to be on earth for truly He is working in mysterious ways, working out the administration of His secret purpose., This week the school I work at has done so much to make me feel appreciated!, It’s funny, my kids love Winnie the Pooh only through the stuffed animals I’ve given them but they haven’t actually seen a classic video yet. However, they are still looking forward to seeing it in the theaters! How about you?, A There is no legal right to be paid for volunteering. Volunteering is something employees often do because of their own interest, but increasingly employers are recognising the business benefits of volunteering – in terms of developing skills and supporting the local community. If your employee is taking special leave then it would be up to you to decide whether that will be paid or unpaid., PKR national women vice-president Voon Shiak Ni said that not much had been done to ensure a fairer and transparent electoral process since the Bersih 2.0 rally last year., He receives these accommodations absolutely free., That, my friends, is sexy. Forget about the long ball., The information was “based on documents seized by US Navy SEALs during the raid on Osama bin Laden’s compound” in the garrison town of Abbottabad in May last year. Some details of the intelligence “revealed that before being killed in the May 2 raid, bin Laden, along with Ayman Al-Zawahiri.. and other senior leaders of the terror outfit had planned to mount indiscriminate attacks on Pakistani soil,” the daily reported., Sarah Oliver, writing in the Mail on Sunday, has decided the recent debate over privacy and superinjunctions make for a timely exposee on a gagging order she was forced to sign over a decade ago when dating gagger-in-chief (alongside other gagging supremos such as Hugh Tomlinson QC) Keith Schilling., And when he could read, we lost him, Made by loving hands, for Ros Krauss, Rather in the manner of a philosophical treatise, this novel has a foreword, and Mann occupies it by playing with the theme of time. He beseeches his reader to consider the story old, although the setting is quite recent. He takes up this time motif again in the opening passage of the first chapter, as he describes Hans Castorp's trip to Davos. He observes the fungibility (though imperfect) of time and distance, noting that the effect of distance in changing Castorp's preoccupations is similar to the passage of a considerable stretch of time., A quick survey of the situation ended with me three meters up ladder, precariously balanced on a rather floppy hedge., In a struggle to learn to overcome her fiery temper and selfish spirit, Ruth is led to the discovery of a very important Shepherd who can and does teach her how to be good. The story contains beautiful and uplifting examples of what can happen when we let ourselves be found by Him., It makes a vital contribution to the life of anyone who wants to avail themself of the services, and provides wholesome programs for children and youth., Wow, Im really honoured to be chosen as a guest designer for, 2 slices of whole wheat bread, Every time I visit my parents we go to this Vietnamese restaurant. If you’re into fancy meals or ambiance try going into Seattle, but if you’re into authentic, affordable food, then this is the place for you. The summer rolls are fresher and bigger than any I’ve ever had, and the bowls of noodles come with every garnish you could ever want. In a city that’s usually cold and rainy, Janbo is warm and comfortable and there’s avocado milkshakes. Also, I’d be remiss if I didn’t mention the GIANT cream puffs they give you for FREE at the end of every meal. While there, my parents always run into someone they know, which is the tell tale sign of a good spot., The Stamping Boutique is sponsoring Gingersnap Creations Challenge to use baby wipes on your creation. I used baby wipes to create my background paper. And the theme is childhood joys, and I have always had fond memories of my rocking horse - so that's how I choose today's image., Anthony then pushed a version of pre_master to vmat2 (under the VMAT2 folder, as to maintain whatever version you guys had pushed). This results in a version that at least loads (within a few minutes), edit2: I have gone through my past posts recently and was wondering why the top three most viewed posts are the ones I was almost murdered in? I find it quite disturbing :P, Who loves having extra cash in their pockets? I know I do! That’s why I try to save as much as possible on anything I buy. There are many ways to save money, but not everyone knows where to begin. As consumers, our best interest is to spend less to get more. My goal for this article is to help you find new ways in saving money that you may not have thought of. With that extra money, you could spend it on buying something else or put it in your savings account. But be wary: most of these methods require some time and dedication. So if you need something in a hurry, you probably won’t be able to save much., Few soldiers, minus their jousting sticks, sharp pointy things, guns, willingly, Any questions please ask and bear with me if I'm a little late in replying as I'm spending more time at the sewing machine than the computer., Apparently mini-golf courses don't have lightning sirens., Reason for Choosing: My English teacher had a baby boy on Saturday and named him Weston, which is also her father’s middle name., This watercolor of Pegasus is 2.5x3.5 inches--it fits into the palm of my hand. I don't know why I decided to make this fellow pink--but it fits, don't you think? Have a lovely Saturday!, "You must give up freedom to protect freedom. That is, unless you hate freedom.", One of the few films that I'll watch with the subtitles switched on, the dialogue is like listening to twisted poetry as spoken by an over rehearsed gaggle of drug addicts. Take, for example, the dinner party scene: the amount of sheer funniness in this segment never fails to bring a single tear to my urethra. A classic, not only in terms of comedy, but in terms of depicting humanity in an honest and forthright manner., He eased her down. “Thank goodness for the full moon.”, Maisa: Go jump out the window., Ok, so this is somewhat insignificant in the fight against inequality, but I really do think it’s unfair that women get all the interesting underwear. Bras can be balconette, control, under-wired, push up, 3 cup, peephole, halter neck, strapless. Then there’s briefs, thongs, boy shorts, French knickers, tangas, G-strings, low rise, high cut: the list goes on and on … basques, camisoles, corsets, baby dolls etc. Did I mention fabrics? From silk and lace to fishnet and satin. Don’t even get me started on colours!, 1 tutor, Eureka (season premiere), Syfy, 9PMLost Girl (season premiere), Syfy, 10PMTwins/Yankees, ESPN, 7PM76ers/Magic, NBA TV, 7PMBruins/Capitals Game 3, NBC Sports Network, 7:30PMBlues/Sharks Game 3, NBC Sports Network, 10PMThunder/Clippers, NBA TV, 10:30PMRangers/Senators Game 3, CNBC, 7:30PMHow I Met Your Mother, CBS, 8PMBones, Fox, 8PMThe Voice, NBC, 8PMDancing With The Stars, ABC, 8PMThe Secret Life of the American Teenager, ABC Family, 8PMGossip Girl, CW, 8PM2 Broke Girls, CBS, 8:30PMTwo And A Half Men, CBS, 9PMHouse, Fox, 9PMTwo and A Half Men, CBS, 9PMWWE Raw, USA, 9PMAmerican Chopper: Senior vs. Junior, Discovery, 9PMMake It or Break It, ABC Family, 9PMMike & Molly, CBS, 9:30PMJesse James: Outlaw Garage, Discovery, 10PMRob Dyrdek’s Fantasy Factory, MTV, 10PMCastle, ABC, 10PMSmash, NBC, 10PM, We all gathered around the dining room table visiting and eating yummy hamburgers and sausage that my brother grilled, salad that my mom and I prepared, and chips and drinks that Kristin and Lee picked up. It was a team effort...and low key fun. We finished the meal with gifts and cards to celebrate the mothers at the table., Amber Valley Borough Council has issued the following statement:, enjoy the song!!, Anyway, here's how it all went down, 'cause I'm sure you're dying to know why I went ahead and spread myself all over Kim Kardashian and ruined her little perfume launch party., 1 8.5 oz. package dry corn bread mix., But I’ve been busy making magic, so….firstly. Happy new year, But I'm not to talk about it to anyone., ” We are quite sure that we do our best to provide a ceasefire in Syria and support Annan’s plan because the situation is not stable there, as provocative powers should be eliminated and international observers will go to Syria and it is supposed to maintain their security, a thing it is consulting with other experts about,” Lavrov said., The Telemuseum. Just as operas are now transmitted over the air, so picture galleries will be. From the Louvre to you, from the Prado to you, from everywhere to you. You will enjoy the prerogative of selecting pictures that are compatible with your mood or that meet the demands of any special occasion. Through the dials of your Teleset you will share in the ownership of the world’s greatest art treasures., Before I got into lolita, I don't think I ever wore brand clothing. Sure, it was nice for me if I'd have an expensive brand item every once in a while, but I never paid much attention to it. The same goes for makeup: as long as it did its job, I was fine with it. I didn't care about brand names at all., 1/2 package of gluten free noodles, 815 D-VI/1/1981. “The Uses of ‘Nature’ in Machiavelli’s The Prince.” Chicago Area Political Theory Conference, Chicago, Illinois., 20. Nite Klub, The law of lack, and poverty, "documents for publication that are prohibited by governments worldwide, in particular material on freedom of expression, privacy, cryptology, dual-use technologies, national security, intelligence, and secret governance—open, secret and classified documents—but not limited to those". It's not just military stuff that gets the hush-hush treatment. Here's an entry dated 19 April 2012 relating to "Secrecy for Economically Significant Patents". The document emanates from the United States Patent and Trademark Office and is titled "Notice of Request for Comments on the Feasibility of Placing Economically Significant Patents Under a Secrecy Order and the Need to Review Criteria Used in Determining Secrecy Orders Related to National Security". It's just twelve sides long and you can read it in full here. The IPKat is particularly fascinated by the bit that goes like this:, So this actually isn't where the rug will stay. I'm planning to put it in the new playroom at the new house. But I just had to unroll it and check it out. So gorgeous, beautiful colors. I highly recommend the over dyed rugs at RugsUSA for sure! They're all one of a kind :), Biden didn’t acknowledge that. Refusing to even look at him, Biden turned and…., While kneading it, you can add colour to the dough. I separated into two colours, green and red for Christmas., I love fashion photography and it’s what I think I want to do when I leave school. However, today I was looking through the photos that I took when I was on holiday in France and I quite like some of the pictures., "Although the cause or causes of FM remains to be determined, most researchers believe that the widespread pain, the hallmark symptom of FM, is due to abnormalities in central nervous system function.", Ashwagandha may be specifically very good when you are becoming tired. It really is mentioned to help your physique when you are struggling with high anxiety levels, and it could encourage a healthful sleeping pattern. In Ayurveda, it is considered to enliven the immune system and is considered to be each a rejuvenative and adaptogenic herb which may seriously help in the fight against exhaustion., As British Psychological Society approved practitioners of a number of psychometrics which are especially appropriate for use in education, we often also provide and analyse personality profiling of short-listed candidates., "Two Weeks Last Summer" – (3:07), you inhale, An excerpt from the blog, ” Sustainably Creative” by Michael Nobbs., Anthony Bridgerton has decided it is time to take a wife but there are rules. The most important one is he will not fall in love. That is why he set his sites on the season’s belle, Edwina Sheffield. She seemed proper and would make a fine viscountess and absolutely someone he could not fall in love with but there was a problem., Swede: Shucks, I wouldn't know that. It looks like a lamp., My largest fear of speaking a language that I can barely command is the two-fold dread of…, Don’t get me wrong. I never willingly “chose” my Ukrainian side. My father wasn’t exactly a family man, and despite the efforts of my half-brother, half-sister and African American aunt, he didn’t want to keep in touch with them. They weren’t even invited over to our house. They were these mysterious figures that were already on this island called my family when I arrived, but I was ignorant to who they actually were., This is another image I'm really feeling inspired by as the layout is the same except there is no peninsula:, But that style of life requires full-time homemakers, something becoming scarcer these days. Different days, different styles., New crochet-hoopy-circles sorted., Last year I had a bit of a health scare - won't tell you the mind-numbing details - suffice it to say that I had to lose weight or else. So I made myself exercise for half an hour everyday. Sometimes I thought, do more, lose more calories! So I did an extra 10 or 15 minutes. But doing the extra made me too exhausted to write, or cook my nutritious meals or do anything. And the last slice of cake in the fridge? It ended up in a place where cakes shouldn't reach. Extra time turned out to be fattening., Consider for example the story of the rich young man. He is only told to go out and sell all he has after assuring Our Lord that he keeps the commandments (Luke 16):, All of them seem to be doing good. They're all very small, and want to explore all of their new home, but they're babies so they also just can't resist falling asleep! They go run all over their cage and then start getting sleepy and doze off and fall on their nose. Then one of the chicks wakes up and starts cheeping and then the other chick gets woken up and then she goes back to sleep (in a better position.) They're SO, SO, SO cute!!!! :D, There was approximately a billion dollars associated with the sale of MTA real estate assets to support that program. There are some monies there that look like there may be challenges to proceed upon right now. There is money there--100 million dollars associated with the sale of Atlantic Yards, and I think many of you have read in the newspapers some of the difficulty Forest City is having with that development, so hopefully that will proceed, but we want to make sure that that happens—but we’re concerned about that., But the point is...at that time, I'd begun a lot of the promo hoo-ha involved with releasing a book, including the round of review sites. Don't know how cool it is to bring up an old review, but hey. It can still be found on the Internet, so why not?, In respect to the number of viewers of this blog, I get really happy when my report says I had around 30 viewers. That’s like, wow, a lot. But low and behold, today I have 60. Double! That’s crazy. One day last week (blog only 4 days old) I get nearly 70 views. But there is something quite fishy floating in the air., And oh, remember, it was a one-night stand., All the crazy in my dreams,, Ive adopted a new neighbourhood, and a new health regime/lifestyle with tangible rewards., Hey! Somebody should make a cop movie where they're partners but different and don't get along all the time!, Since we found out that my dad was sick with cancer this past year, I won't leave the house without hugging and kissing my parents. I have come to realize that every minute I have with them is a gift from God. Every hug, every word, every kiss—all gifts that I tuck into the treasure chest of my heart. I cherish their wisdom, their loving kindness, and yes—their touch., Cole was one of the few healthy American cartoonists to escape the draft. One of his brothers, Bob Cole, was in the Coast Guard during WWII, though, as this newspaper clipping shows:, I can't move away from it., In a small bowl mix hartshorn and milk. Set aside., LET'S DO OUR BEST FOR THINKING DAY 2012! :D, There are plenty of other social networks that I do use, though. I use Twitter to post links to new blog posts, as well as photos, links to stuff I like, and just everyday thoughts and ramblings. I use Pinterest completely for myself as a way to bookmark things for later - diy projects, cool things to buy, home decor etc. I use Tumblr in a similar way, just with more of an audience in mind. I know I have a larger following there, so I choose posts that I think my readers would like, while still just posting stuff I think is cool. And I use Instagram to post everyday photos, photo challenges, and some outfits that don't make it to this blog. I link to blog posts using all of these platforms (except pinterest), but there's not a whole lot of overlap in the content of each one. Someone could follow me on all four sites and would not see the same content over and over and over again. For me, there's just a lot of inspiration out there and it's nice to have a place to share all of it, but there's no need to share it too many times. Give your network a reason to connect with you on different platforms, if you use them., I intend to laugh more every day, I was a bit apprehensive about this recipe as I was taking a risk doing them like this, and didn't have the opportunity to make any more should they go wrong!! But luckily, the gamble paid off! The cake is great and a provides a much better, denser base for all that yummy buttercream., Trevor & Curtis - Many of our current clients have been referred to us by past clients, which is a huge compliment and responsibility. We want to make sure that we always create a result that lives up to the work that led them to us, and to do it with a spin that makes it uniquely their own., In balance, love and renewal, In an article in the latest Applied Linguistics, Dwight Atkinson (2010) explores the way an extended, embodied view of cognition might affect second language acquisition. He suggests that language learning, rather than being an intellectual process of internalization, is a socially-situated, adaptive behaviour, a process “of continuously and progressively fitting oneself to one’s environment, often with the help of guides” (p. 611). Atkinson proposes what he calls ‘the alignment principle’: “Learning is more discovering how to align with the world than extracting knowledge from it” (p.610). To this end, interaction and engagement are key: these are the processes by which we externalise language. “Instead of isolating language in cognitive space, we wear it on our sleeve, so to speak, because it helps us live in the world” (p.617)., The girl now lived all alone in the little house. She was industrious. She span, wove, and sewed; and everything she did was touched by the good old woman's blessing. It was as though the flax multiplied itself in her kitchen, and whenever she wove a piece of cloth or a carpet, or sewed a shirt, she always immediately found a buyer who paid so well that she was never in need and always had something to share with others., (1) Hunts tomato sauce = .33, Nick Dunmore sees that some classmates are getting involved in something secretive. Even his friend Colin won’t talk about it though. Later he receives his chance to be in on the secret when Brynne offers him a DVD only if can assure her that he has his own computer in his room and that he will not show the disk to anyone else. Nick promises and the fun begins. He is completely addicted to the game just like the others. But why can’t he talk about it or even reveal his avatar name? More importantly, why does the game give him tasks to do in the real world and how does it know if he has carried them out? Because it does. And there are consequences for not completing an assignment. Erebos is watching., I feel so relieved now, yet at the same time, I am still very sad. My internet friends have become in-person friends, and there is someone that I love deeply that knows what I need, and that I am in need of support and she has given that to me unconditionally without knowing my full story. I love her for that., Then three years ago, I decided to do some studies with Prismacolor pencils, to get back in touch with my drawing self. I gravitated once more to the pears that beckoned to me from the kitchen. No need to lug my art supplies to an exotic location!, The two cosmonauts turned to their left. One-hundred meters to their left was the definitive separation of the moon from like to dark. Kostya felt like it was a line drawn in the sand, daring the two men to cross. Beyond were voids in the stars, where giant peaks formed a mountainous skyline. While the rest of the world was content to look at the dark side of the Moon through a lens, the Russians would not stand for less than putting men on the crags themselves., There are rules which, in my opinion, could be stricter, but I'm a hard woman to please. I love the countryside with a passion and want to protect it, and I'm sure the visitors who grace its environment are lovers of the countryside, too. People spend money in the countryside; apart from farming, tourism is a massive industry that keeps people in work and assists in giving holiday makers a memorable time. The area in which I live is no exception. We rely heavily on the tourism industry to help our economy and it's wonderful to see people enjoying the fresh air and the surrounding area, watching children have a fabulous time and seeing dogs being given their much needed exercise., At the end of 2010 I attended two English Defence League meetings to see how the organisation could be incorporated within a political party and to look at its political intentions for the future. In January 2011 I attended a meeting of the English Democrats council in order to discuss possible affiliation and to talk over their manifesto and political aims. Neither of these avenues progressed further. In April, I wrote to all four leaders of the main nationalist/patriotic parities and group, suggesting unification., I'm looking forward to seeing the new Andy Garcia movie, For Greater Glory, based on the revolt of Catholics in Mexico against the radical socialist and atheist regime of President Plutarco Elías Calles in the 1920s. Ed Morrissey discusses the film over at Hot Air (check out the trailer there)., It is not permissible to shave a part of the head and leave a part, as this was prohibited by the Messenger (peace and blessings be upon him) as reported by al-Bukhari. The strongest view seems to be that the head of the boy or the girl should be shaved, as is reported that Fatimah weighed the hair of her daughter (Muwatta) but the scholars differ o­n this, and Allah knows best., What I want to say: Clearly, thanks for sharing., In New York, Okay, now that I’ve partially expressed my emotions. One emotion really. Amazement., Every year, most students stagger away from Marx feeling as though he’s less readable (perhaps for different reasons) than a transcript of any presidential address delivered in, oh, I dunno, say, the last eight years. I still consider Marx the most challenging author I’ve read since arriving at Chicago; the guy’s brilliant, yes, but good lord could he have used a better editor. Yet reflecting back on that little discussion at the tail end of dinner, it seems obvious to me that a mastery of Marx is not beyond anybody; all that’s needed is a little combining of sosc class with gym class., The woman at the centre of the case is a 20-year-old blonde called Mariah Yeater. She alleges that Master Bieber invited her backstage after a concert and offered her the honour of popping his cherry. He declined to use a condom (she says) because he didn’t want his first sexual experience to be like paddling in Wellington boots. After 30-seconds of breathless coupling, Bieber was a spent force, and disengaged shamefacedly from his concubine. Apparently, he had expected to pound away for 50 minutes like Dirk Diggler in Boogie Nights. Children often get unrealistic expectations from what they see in movies., 26. I got the funniest e-mail from my cousin. She told me that Saturday all women were to run through the streets naked to help weed out the terrorists. You know that it is a sin for Muslim males to see any woman other than his wife naked and if he does he HAS to commit suicide!! And by the way....the government appreciates your efforts to rid of these terrorist!! HEHE...., too?, The bigger travesty here is that they actually had the children AUDITION for this farce AND TURNED SOME AWAY. For the love of Cain I have to wonder HOW BAD THEY WERE that they failed to be accepted. So as well as singers who could not sing, musicians who could not play, and a cheer that was about as enthusiastic as I was about the arts in school at that point, SOMEONE thought IMPROV and TALENT SHOW were appropriate. Let’s see. My daughter has had to attend several hours of practice for this and my question is firstly WHY??? obviously none of the other acts had bothered … or if they had I hate to think what they were like before …. and HOW TO YOU PRACTICE IMPROV … and IMPROV GUITAR at that!!! Oh wait … it wasn’t IMPROV, but rather a set of practice exercises that you learn before you play any real songs. Yes that is what I want to go and hear., After the government's clarification on the taxation of FII inflows through the Mauritius route , the markets bounced back handsomely and closed with robust gains. The Nifty crossed its psychologically important level of 5200., Hearing these stories makes me feel great! That’s exactly why I started writing the Madhouse. I knew how alone I felt, but I also knew that I wasn’t alone. There are so many other families struggling with the same issues (compliance, defiance, acceptance, compulsions, hyperactivity, moodiness, bi-polar, ADHD, OCD, ODD and a million other letter combinations) that I knew I wasn’t on my own even when I felt isolated., In the final scene, Julia is present (disguised as a boy-servant to Proteus and obviously broken-hearted over P.'s pursuit of S.) as is Valentine, who is hidden and does not yet know that Proteus betrayed him. So ... in this setting, Proteus decides he's waited long enough for Silvia and tries to rape her; at which point, Valentine reveals himself and calls Proteus out for being the dick that he is; Proteus is all, Dude, I'm really sorry! And Valentine, who, remember, can't bear the thought of living without Silvia, says to Proteus, That's good enough for me! We're best buds again, and, furthermore, why don't you take my chick?, We’ve read news reports from Peru the mass dolphin deaths could be related to an ‘earthquake zone’, pollution, climate change, a possible marine mammal virus, morbillivirus DMV, and sonar equipment tests used by oil companies which were allegedly carried out in June of 2011., -Then, I added tea tree essential oil until it smelled yummy. (You can use any essential oil you like.), I was the first to move. I simply ran, I heard my father call after me but I didn't turn around I carried on running dodging around d the birds lying in my path. All of a sudden there was a sound, not quite a rumble, not quite a growl. Then I screamed that scream I had bottled up. All manner of living creatures came scuttling, running, crawling, running and slithering up behind me the townspeople had not screamed, but simply parted like the red sea in awe to let the creatures past. They were all heading for the gates and so was I. in the crowd of animals there were mice, rats, snakes, worms, lizards, cats, insects, and so many others. Then I turned to face them and the animals rushed past, in a stampede of fear, but I stood my ground the ground shuddered violently and in front of me the road buckled and I fell over as the earth itself tried to regain control of itself. Then my head snapped upward. And the sight was incredible. The mountain was swelling at the peak. The animals continued to flash past me but I could only hear my own heart in my ears. Then the summit exploded, sending boulders flying into the air and tumbling down onto nearby houses, the mountain started to bleed molten rock and I suddenly Knew the end was hear, with that my heart tried to beat out a life time's worth of beats in one minute, then one last rock came falling down towards me, I didn't try to move I just let it's shadow grow bigger around me and closed my eyes, what happened was right it was meant to be. It is destiny., I just could not resist Joanna Sheen's latest CD (if flowers could talk)., As the news about future supply becomes more downbeat, the hype from industry-friendly media only seems to increase. Take climate change denier Patrick J. Michaels of the Cato Institute who recently wrote in The Washington Times: "The discovery of hundreds of years of natural gas in worldwide shale deposits guarantees that solar and wind will never produce much of the world’s power.", His brother opposite him stood tall and wore the ever known armour of the ultramines, the bright blue now darker and slick with blood, gore, and marked by flecks of grenades. His helmet was clipped to his belt, as the rigors of close combat did not lend itself well to being blinded willfully by technology. He held his knife confidently in front of him, almost as a challenge to the man opposite him. He smiled., At least there's the Flyers., His first known piece of mail directing a recipient to "please send to..." dates from 1958. The mail art became more systematic with the foundation of the "New York Correspondence School," increasingly using the US mail for his wittily typed and hand lettered cryptic texts and drawings., I took all of these signs very seriously and decided that She wants me to move out of my haitus and bring Her and Her energy into the world so that many can drink from Her eternal waters of Love and Compassion., (I did pole lessons! lol) and we had sushi and drinks at our favorite place, sitting side by side in a booth., Theres no denying the importance in social interaction and its role in helping those suffering with mental health difficulties. And thanks to the work of the people from Neighbourhood Networks and similar support groups, we can challenge the stigma attached to mental health., So, on to my It's Okay Friday for this week, and man alive, is it a fabulous Friday!, Supposedly, we have heard, you get a mailed notice if you are under a hosepipe ban because of lack of water. Then unless you get an exemption, you can’t water your grass, wash your car, fill your birdbath or any such thing with your hose. You can do all of that if you carry the water out of your house in a bucket. Also we have been told that neighbors are particularly good at ratting you out and telling on you if they see you with the hose in your hand. Exceptions are if you have a pond with live fish. Then you are allowed to use the hose to keep it full so your fish don’t die. We do have a fish pond and while our fish died over the winter, we have since restocked it. It has still been so cold thought that we haven’t seen the fish since we released them into the pond., They've hidden their sex in cartons of blood,, Old Man Winter has finally come to visit and leaving his gentle touch wherever he goes. From various colours of grey painted skies, to frosting on our roofs, to the bows of trees sparkling with a web of silver, to his butterfly kisses across my face in the morning air., So precious I have to do this! Use red paint for the hands and stamps for the be mine in the middle. You can have your students put a sticker heart or draw a heart. This is the best card their parents could get and will probably keep for years to come!, This is good revision for the Biosphere topic of Standard Grade, Unit of Int 2 and also ties in nicely with current S1 work on microbes as an important job of microbes is decomposing all that waste., Starting on the left we have of course THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE. Sound by William Bell & Director Tobe Hooper. Another no brainer that shouldn't need explaining. Dutch Oven was cool enough to take the entire movie and dub it straight on to a 90 minute cassette! That's right, the ENTIRE MOVIE, word for word. Even the creepy John Laroquette intro. The only thing more fucked up than watching the movie is LISTENING TO IT., He kneels to hold me, and looks in my eyes. ‘It’s time. Quick, now! Put up the wall.’, So, CallMeDave and his multi-coloured gang have rolled their sleeves up, put on some rubber gloves, held their breath and had a good look under the rug and in the back of all the cupboards., “Upon the different forms of property, upon the social conditions of existence, rises an entire superstructure of distinct and peculiarly formed sentiments, illusions, modes of thought, and views of life. The entire class creates and forms them out of its material foundations and out of the corresponding social relations. The single individual, who derives them through tradition and upbringing, may imagine that they form the real motives and the starting point of his activity. While each faction, Orleanists and Legitimists, sought to make itself and the other believe that it was loyalty to the two royal houses which separated them, facts later proved that it was rather their divided interests which forbade the uniting of the two royal houses. And as in private life one differentiates between what a man thinks and says of himself and what he really is and does, so in historical struggles one must distinguish still more the phrases and fancies of parties from their real organism and their real interests, their conception of themselves from their reality.”, Poetry ought to be taught in schools as a game. I mean it. All the way up to high school and beyond., On the whole, a bright yellow field (which is how they are at present) is a lovely, sunny sight but you can have too much of a good thing and there is certainly nothing subtle about the colour. As I drove towards Ripon I passed field after field of the stuff and I must say that it did finally become a bit of a strain on the eyes., I think of the house on the hill as my personal paradise and was perfectly happy without electric and water to the house as Dod is parked right down the hill. With Francisco's help we are adding water and electric service to the house., What if we gave it to kids as gifts?, There are six common ways for men to accessorize; that is through his neckties, shoes, belts watches, rings and cufflinks. Among the six, cufflinks seems to be the least known to majority of men. Therefore, anyone who wears a pair of cufflinks on his French cuffs will definitely stand out from the crowd., have a wonderful website where you can find the most, As long as the ribs don't interfere with my left torn labrum surgery in a month, I can have them both heal together, I suppose., "For example, with the treatment of children in schools both by their peers and by teachers as well as the educational system itself; the way native Americans and indigenous peoples are reflected in the school curriculum and teaching," he said., At the beginning Pamela tell us how she became a Rock n roll lover being a Beatles fan when she was a teen , her obsession with Paul Mc Cartney and her first love, how she didn´t lost her virginity as soon as possible as many groupies did in the 70s . She picture us a full scene of the californian hippie lifestyle , her crush on Chriss Hillman from The Byrds , the encounter with Jim Morrison and the first time she saw The Beatles and that Look that John Lennon gave to her. She became friend of Frank Zappa and Gail his wife, sometimes babysitting their kids to get some money and always worried for surviving meanwhile the GTO´s (Gils togethe, Again, we have a portrait by Renoir who was their close family friend and often stayed with Claude and Camille in one of their brief periods of prosperity when they lived not in a few dingy rooms but in a proper house in the suburb of Argenteuil only a little outside Paris., Oh, what a memory. Thank you Sally., I see sequences of numbers. Everywhere and daily., To create the cameo, I stamped the image using clear ink and bonding powder., Ally wants to be taken seriously but the type of law she practices is flooded with people trying to scam the system. It doesn’t help that she works for a guy who stars in cheesy late night television commercials. It also doesn’t help that she has a paralegal whose favorite task is gathering accident reports from the police station. To make matters even worse, All American Insurance Company is headquartered in the city where Ally works., Our Gini Index has been computed by the HCP to 0.46 in 2009.The United States stand at 0.56; We have been catching faster in inequality, than we have been able to do in terms of output creation., make the most important decision of your life., Several environmental agents have been linked with primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC) that include bacteria, xenobiotics and viruses., Beunka Adams has repeatedly expressed his deepest regrets for taking part in the robbery. Mr. Adams is the father of three children and a healthy young man that can be a great asset to society in the future., At this point it became a race as to who could gracefully exit the room first., As in, “Honey, we all do it! It’s the new way to communicate. You’re just makin’ life harder!”, Roerich said “through Beauty we pray, with Beauty we conquer”, An untried horse at 6am was saddle broke by noon, and telling himself he was a "pretty boy", Because at some point, it became my cage from which I just can't escape., Usually this goes away, but there’s got to be a way of helping them through this rough time., thirty years since true love called me home;, Generally the income from the R&D asset must be linked to self-development of the asset through R&D within the Netherlands. There are some exceptions for multinational corporations that have operations split between domestic and international locations, so check with your Dutch tax specialist when determining if your R&D asset is eligible for taxation through the innovation box., I was looking up blogs on mental health related topics and BPD and I came across this:, This five-day event showcases the best Australian and Asia-Pacific fashion designers to the fashion industry. Held at the Overseas Passenger Terminal, with the backdrop of stunning Sydney Harbour and the Sydney Opera House, Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week is all about upcoming and established designers showcasing their wares to a global fashion influencer audience., I think that the Educreations whiteboard app is better than the original app because you can write with more colors, lots of fresh black pepper, After all the dainty canapés, we decamped to the Egmont bash in a nightclub, where I met Tamara MacFarlane, the Indie Bookseller of Tales on Moon Lane and now an author in her own right (Amazing Esme books). She was chatting to Ramez Mikdashi about Magic Town, the new website from Mindshapes Ltd., which offers a "virtual world" for child readers. I got a bit distracted by prosecco but am assured Magic Town is going to be big., Plus, AP Biology couldn’t have stated it better than Elle from Legally Blonde when she exclaimed, “Exercise gives you endorphins. Endorphins make you happy!” Sounds perfect, Elle. Sign me up., The batter is ready; it should be quite thin in consistency, easy pouring one., The girls slept hard. After about a 2.5 hour nap out of both of them, I woke them up and we headed out as a family again. The town had a little kids carnival set up. We got there for the last 20 mins or so. Just enough time to let Abby ride a couple of things and snap some pics. She chose the Carousel to ride with Daddy and I rode the "biiiiig slide" with her. Good times., In the middle of our conversation, I told her that I had been meaning to write a list of things that I have experienced that were difficult to get through. I wanted to present it to her as a ‘Letter To My Daughter’ sort of gift when she graduated from high school and was beginning to live her own life. I wanted her to know that if she ever experienced any of the same type of things, that she wasn’t alone. She looked at me, with tears falling down her cheeks and said, “I wish you had it for me right now.”, By now all thoughtful people have begun to feel our eligibility to be instructed by ecological disaster and mortal need. But we endangered ourselves first of all by dismissing affection as an honorable and necessary motive. Our decision in the middle of the last century to reduce the farm population, eliminating the allegedly “inefficient” small farmers, was enabled by the discounting of affection. As a result, we now have barely enough farmers to keep the land in production, with the help of increasingly expensive industrial technology and at an increasing ecological and social cost. Far from the plain citizens and members of the land-community, as Aldo Leopold wished them to be, farmers are now too likely to be merely the land’s exploiters., As for our dual status, it's something that's allowed;, A player that has lost the game is assumed to have lost all 24AP, regardless of actual casualties. If the scores are calculated correctly then they should add up to 48., Well thanks for popping by and checking out my children's work. I hope you can have as much fun helping your kids to create and play along too!!!, We have uttered the specific experiencing words., FACT ELEVEN: You want an obscure fact about myself? That’s tricky as I know everything about me. It’s terribly hard to know what is obscure under these circumstances. I’d have to be someone else to do it properly. Oh hang on! My memory is an obscure fact. Very obscure, even to me. It is not good and I forget a lot of things like what I’m supposed to be doing and what I’ve just done and where I’ve put my glasses. Very hard to find as I can’t see them either when they aren’t on. For this reason I try not to wash my face too often. Another obscure fact! And one more is that I am very bad at maths and cannot reliably be counted on to count., The constitutional oath shall be as follows:, 1/2 teaspoon dried tarragon leaves, “To stop this undesirable sensation I might then still have had recourse to the aid of that maleficent property existing also in me, as in contemporary man, which has become inherent in all of us, and which enables us, without experiencing any remorse of conscience whatever, to put off anything we wish to do “till tomorrow”., 3. Footballing Weekenders, The first card is a simple layout using White Embossing Powder from Stampin' Up! and heating the image on Vellum Card. A torn edge and some gorgeous Pool Party Seam binding provide a soft, non traditional Christmas Card., Candy lovers young and old tear through their Easter baskets, scarfing down Reese's peanut butter eggs and marshmallow Peeps. They methodically dismember chocolate rabbits and quickly eat the evidence. Fistfuls of Robin's Eggs are followed by quick pops of jelly beans. Until..., Domingo conducted and I don't really have to tell you what that means., I usually buy most of these from Whole Foods Market, but I’m sure they’re available in many other places., Bartlett - This town will be celebrating National Night Out all weekend long! Friday at 6:00 there will be a tailgate party, where families can socialize with each other and members of the Bartlett Police Department. Police officers will then lead participants on a flashlight walk through the park. (Bring your own flashlight!) Kids will also be able to construct build-a-kits from Home Depot. Afterwards, participants can hang out in the pool! Then, on Saturday night, individuals will host their own block parties, with a contest to see which block is the best lit. On Tuesday at 3:30 there will be a bicycle obstacle course, and then participants can ride with the Village President to the National Night Out Picnic. The actual picnic will be full of excitement, and will include free food and drinks, the Jesse White Tumbling Team, and a performance by Hawaiian Fire Dancers! It will take place at Bartlett Park, at Oak Avenue and North Avenue in Bartlett. Click here for a full schedule of events., Wise friends look out for each others best interests. After spending time with a friend do you feel better about yourself—in the four areas mentioned above? Does the friend build you up or tear you down?, i know that's not good for any of us, but i thought i couldn't find my way around it., And then an image came to me., Wow, those are some doctors, those Cuban doctors. Apparently they are not only curing Hugo but making him immortal?, for the blog header., I imagine that I'm not the first attached parent who has focused so much attention on caring for her children, that taking time for herself and her spouse has fallen to the bottom of the priority list. I imagine that most people struggle to find family balance... to try to meet everyone's needs, including his or her own. I always had good intentions of going on dates or going to the spa (I can't tell you how many unused Groupons I have for restaurants, massages, and facials!) but somehow those things never ended up happening., 9.Keep eyes focused. Shifty eyes moving all around the room will give your prospective employer the feeling that you are being dishonest, or at best, uncomfortable., Its a PB&J sandwich cut into a circle for the leprechaun's face, the eyes are marshmallow and mini m&m's, the rosy cheeks are a freeze dried yogurt bites. His beard is cheddar cheese and his hat is a green apple. I also included a small amount of Lucky Charms cereal, 3 gold chocolate coins and a glass of green milk. I was inspired by Meet the Dubiens lunch although hers was healthier., Frankenstein was created by a mad scientist., the bud, 4. A two-year-old child throwing a tantrum, who screamed one long, dramatic, drawn-out note so completely exquisitely that a crowd of people gathered around him, and applauded when he finished., Boy we were moving up in life!, Another entry on the apes, this time from Starlog issue #105, published April 1986. The cover blurb read "Untold Tales of Planet Of The Apes: The sequels you didn't see - and why!" It is indeed interesting to read about some of the ideas presented for the next movie, and one wonders if some of them might have turned out better than the one that was filmed., Top: Target, Thanks so much for your support so far, I'm having a blast on this journey and hope you're all able to find that inner fire that pushes you to keep following your dreams,no matter how crazy they may seem to somebody else!, At first glance, this might seem like a bit of harmless fluff that allows people in the top cities to pat themselves on the back. But something didn't ring right with this, so I read it a second time a bit more carefully. In doing so, several things seemed a bit odd:, BNP News Team, For more information about THE WINTER’S TALE, visit, Nance has been working as a volunteer poll worker for the campaign of NC House candidate Ed Hanes Jr. and the campaign against the marriage amendment. He is a primary source for an unrelated story published by YES! Weekly about efforts to manipulate Democratic voters for the benefit of a favored slate of candidates., Watering earth with their bitter tears,, The theme was revisited again in Star Trek: Nemesis. Mind you, that's what happen when you let Tom Hardy near a Star Trek movie. We don't expect it from the cuddly Next Generation crew. Thankfully it's all forgotten by the next episode. By the by, you might want to clear your Internet History after this. Not because of its adult nature - but you don't want anyone to find out you've been reading up on Star Trek, do you?, This past weekend, the DFWCG hosted a little tea party with the theme of Tokyo Pop. This could mean anything from traditional kimonos, to anime, to Harajuku street fashions. Anime/cosplay is not really my thing, and I don't own a kimono, so I poked around some Harajuku websites and discovered mori girl fashions. I think I've been a closet mori girl my entire life and didn't even know it! Mori girls are supposed to look like they came from an enchanted forest. This aesthetic has lots of loose layers, pale neutral colors, and details taken from nature. As much as I love dressing up in well tailored dressy dresses, I'm more of a laid back hippie in real life, so this suited me quite perfectly., Once, when I was touring the country with a traveling stage show, I was backstage talking with the custodian at a school where we were performing. He was telling me about some of the various entertainers who had performed there in the past and about some of their behavior. According to this custodian's words, the worst groups that came to play in this auditorium had been the southern gospel groups. He said that they behaved awfully and left all sorts of trash including many beer cans behind., So THAT sent us to the internet to look at other musical options., If such there breathe, go, mark him well;, We were doing the most basic stunt where I was sitting on my friend's shoulders. The camp leaders taught us some Very Complex and Scientific Way involving geometry and physics and just a touch of rocket science of dismounting this "stunt." It was absurd and ridiculous and also? Absurd. And I lost it. I started laughing like whoa. And then I needed to pee like WHOA. And all I wanted to do was get off my friend's shoulders so I could run to the bathroom., 13. Rubber Biscuit - The Blues Brothers, Roast chicken is one of those kitchen basics that I've never been able to master. Mine is usually passable, but often dry and flavorless. So Dorie's version, Roast Chicken for Les Paresseux- lazy people- was my choice this week for French Fridays with Dorie. The recipe was incredibly easy, and I'd have to say that it's as perfect for busy people as it is for lazy ones., keeps in mind that we’re made of mud., Music Habit, Like my Dripping Blood Crown, It of course didn’t hurt that these were 7 points that I totally agree with Anthony on., "A mother is the truest friend we have, when trials heavy and sudden, fall upon us; when adversity takes the place of prosperity; when friends who rejoice with us in our sunshine desert us; when trouble thickens around us, still will she cling to us, and endeavor by her kind precepts and counsels to dissipate the clouds of darkness, and cause peace to return to our hearts." ~Washington Irving, The Washington Post’s Rachel Manteuffel explained the issue first and more clearly than anyone by doing what anyone with a brain should have done. First she applied her critical reasoning to the text itself. To begin with, it made King look stupid and verbally clumsy. Both the subject and the tone stood in jarring contrast to his famous biblically inspired sermons and speeches: “To me, silly hats and King just did not compute.” Worse still, it made him look shallow and self-centered: “akin to memorializing Mahatma Gandhi with the quote, ‘Don’t you know who I am?’” She was puzzled and taken aback., For this post though, I will be talking about honesty from a hobby standpoint., Hello Everyone and, no, this is not Beth. Day 2 has been a very uncomfortable day for Beth and Max. Beth has been having a lot of pain, which she anticipated. What she didn't expect was the severe nausea, muscle spasms and headache that accompanies the surgery and the morphine pca., Man does not have to wait for the Lord to act but God has to wait for men to be ready. In Matthew 8:5 a centurion came to Christ to have his servant healed. Looking ahead to verse 13, “And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way, and as thou hast believed, so shall it be done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the self same hour.”, Awready! kicks off on March 27th with the opening of the “Graffiti, B-Boy and B-Girl Exhibition” (sponsored by the HERE Project, Rice University) at Betz Gallery, 1208 W. Gray, which celebrates the creativity of hip hop art forms. The opening reception features an interactive performance by local graffiti artists and B-boys, and is free and open to the public from 6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. The exhibition runs through April 21st., Obviously I'm being silly, but there is a kernel of truth. My wife's parents were part of the theatrical world of the 1960s and whenever I hear anecdotes about them or their friends, it sounds as if they lived in an enchanted age. It's not that stories themselves that impress me, but the incidental details: being able to move around London easily by car, turning up at the BBC to see if they have a job and actually getting one (which changes from teaboy to assistant producer within months), buying a four-storey house in Islington for a few thousand and the way a casual flirtation would end up in bed., ~The first day of summer break for the kids is a learning curve for all of us. Why? They have to re-learn how to be around each other all day long and I have to re-learn how to go about my daily routine while ignoring the petty disagreements and little tantrums coming from the family room., Three Cheese Semolina Bread, In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour and eggs. Gradually add in the milk and water, stirring to combine. Add the salt, sugar, vanilla and butter, beating until your batter is nice and smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium to high heat. Pour or scoop (whatever you find easiest) the batter onto the griddle or pan, using approximately 1/4 cup for each crepe. Make sure to tilt the griddle/pan with a circular motion so that the batter coast the surface evenly. Cook each crepe for about two minutes per side, or until lightly browned., We went to the Vatican City on the day before we were due to leave Rome, which was a weekday in autumn and so it wasn’t too busy – comparatively speaking. Four million people are said to visit the museums per year and weekends are busy indeed. (From a conservation standpoint, this must be tough to deal with.) My wife and I started in the museums above, very, very slowly burrowing our way down to the Sistine Chapel, ‘very slowly’ due to the press of bodies rather than the distance we travelled., Clever. And Stiller’s appearance at the end sold it as a classic. I was reminded of “The Heat is On.” A-, The Viking's close relative: Congratulations! At least she'll be spared from a lot of the misery of the world we others have to go through, since she'll have Down., In other news, for those of you who don't read my workout blog, I thought I'd direct your attention over there for the last post I did. It really doesn't have a whole lot to do with exercise...and a lot more to do with my new "way of life". Go check it out if you wanna!, Fire is an amazing triumph and the story of its creation is staggering, the ultimate tale of D.I.Y. band handling its business and scoffing at those who told them “no.”, Please give us your feedback so we can learn what will best help you with your food storage., I use good paints in tubes in an artist tray for doing portrait work. It's nice for mixing your own color for sure, but it is expensive. Some tube paints are great (Windsor-Newton), and some are not so great (Reeves). You get what you pay for with paint. Especially in the tubes., Right 'til morning's light reminds us, Guy Fieri has his demonstrations scheduled for Saturday, November 12 at 12:15 pm and an encore performance at 5:45 pm. Tickets range in price from $25 to $250, which includes General Admission to show., This isn't really an awesome post, but you'll have to grant me a few "non-exciting" posts for awhile until I get my blogging back. It's been so long since I've written anything besides a professional email for work...I almost forget how. Maybe I'll be able to re-cultivate my blogging abilities while I'm on leave. We'll see how little Emily does!, Today, the once famous salmon fishery in Lake Huron is pretty much gone., That’s right. For the $199 fee this agency-turned-publisher charges, the links to your manuscript’s product page and the pages for 5 to 20 of its “closest book friends” are being sent like spam to publishers, with inadequate descriptions of the titles and no discussion of the merits of the individual works or why they would be a good fit for the publisher. The publisher-turned-agency couldn’t even be bothered to send separate query letters for each manuscript., At 1887', Big Rock Ridge is the second highest point in Marin County., Not quite sure why I was there. Just let the dust be dust again., Lila, Mustn't one?, I sat quietly with legs crossed and hands in my lap through the crunching metal, exploding glass, and tossing of my body? No screams? No shielding? No fear? It’s unnatural, wrong. This is all wrong just like this.. technology inside me., The development objective of this project is to support the SVP by enabling the riparians to form a range of basin-wide development scenarios, and specify the benefits accruing from the implementation of such scenarios (together with some notion of how benefits will be shared). Fundamentally, the project aims to provide an opportunity for riparian dialogue that can include a wide range of society and that will develop common visions of cooperative development in sectoral or thematic areas. (NBI SDBS, 2001), BUT... that's not why you came. I just wanted to give everyone the heads up, Big Day, a comedy about one couple's wedding day starts Tuesday, November 28th at 9:00 on ABC. The entire season takes place in one day, with each episode covering an hour of the day. I must admit, I have my reservations. If the decor they chose is an indicator of the quality of the show, it may never make it to the vows. Balloons? Really?, Lervigs Jul is a Christmas beer with 6.8% alcohol. In the glass, this is a cloudy coppercoloured beer. There is a medium sized head, but nearly no carbonation. In the nose I feel toffee and grapes. The beer has as sweet taste with some toffee and a touch of tutti frutti bubble gum. The finish is boring, as the tastes more or less disappear. Lervigs Jul is a fine Christmas beer, but it is not among this season's best., All we value will soon be gone thus we must love it while we’re still here., I believe that red will be one of the BEST colors to use in the Avacyn pre-release. The creatures and the cards are both very aggressive., Physicians hold a position of great respect in American society, so much so that alleging malpractice is treated as welcome as migraine headache on one’s wedding day. Little else is held so anathema., JustJust: Oh! I know! There's a bakery I want to try!, I loved getting to know Esther Beiler better. She was in the previous book, initially having feelings for Titus, but he was not attracted to her romantically. It's clear she has grown up a lot since the last book, and that her experiences with Titus have matured her greatly., Did I pray for her at the restaurant? Yes. Did I have money which I could give her? No. Did I ask my mom to do anything? No. Regardless, I feel like the lowly fly you swat at because you find disgust with it. In the end I am left with the fact and filth I didn’t do what Christ Jesus would do., I guess it’s too late now to make myself available to the federal government, as I understand the census will be complete within a few weeks. Maybe, however, I could make some kind of free-lance contribution. Everyone’s bitching these days about the budget deficit and out-of-control spending, and people are rightly asking whatever happened to volunteerism. I don’t need remuneration for my enumeration; I’m curious about the private lives of my neighbors anyway, and if I don’t take any federal funding, I can ask whatever questions I want., In my humble opinion, 1993 Upper Deck is the masterpiece set of the 1990s. Nothing else matches it. There are a few reasons for that, but the overriding one is that the photos, from the way they were presented to the simple decision-making that went into photo selection, are brilliant., He'll just have to do it like the guy below., The forest canopy, Personally, I would have to agree with Zab Judah. At this point Devon Alexander has a lot to prove, and if he just so happens to get warn down by this strong fisted, pressure fighter, he maybe finding himself on ESPN Friday Night Fights. Because I think it would greatly derail his career. After one poor performance against Kotlenik, a loss to Bradley, and a potential loss to a Matthysee, I have my doubts HBO would still have interest in Alexander. At 24 years of age, I don't think Devon Alexander would have a fun time climbing back up the ladder. I have to question who is advising him to take this fight., In this incredible story the unlikely pair fall in love. The mystery surrounding the familiarity they feel toward one another and the impossible quest for a cure to their differences make this book a captivating and fascinating read., And these reading comprehension questions on chapters 9 and 10:, It is estimated that 6 million people die each year of trauma, 400,000 of them in hospitals. But, a study published earlier this month in BMC Emergency Medicine estimated that wider use of tranexamic acid could save up to 128,000 of those people a year, including 4,000 in the U.S. alone., -Blood diseases: Check!, One of the richest guilds, pulling in close to the Merchant’s, they own training halls dotted around the Countryside and turn up their nose at the lower classes. These are not artists who would be found dead performing at some disreputable slum dive, no, these are the stars of the high society entertainment., Typically an art student private view will attract more art students. Self expression will move from the literal art canvas to the figurative canvas of the body as young people arrive at the gallery in whatever outfit or appearance is most ultimately them. We will ignore the fact that many of these looks are reproduced over and over amongst the crowd and instead applaud the individuality of the 80's glam, the casual boho, the moody poet. My personal favourite is the ecclectic trash look which basically involves taking every element of appearance from skin to shoe and trying to make it as trashy as possible., Melt the butter in a small pot and stir in the flour. Pour in the milk bit by bit taking care to stir all the time. The flour needs to be cooked or the sauce will taste horrible. Bring the sauce to the boil gently, remove from the fire and stir in the parmesan cheese. Salt to taste., If you had told me as a college freshman that within a decade I’d be starting a music school from scratch and then working as an administrator, while also serving as a school board president (and being a husband and father, to boot), I’d never have believed you! A “spiritual gifts inventory” would not likely have labeled me as having “the gift of administration”, and even if it had, I would have been totally unprepared for my current vocation without the experiences that taught me how to rely on God to equip me to walk the path He’d prepared for me., ‘He’s there – Calvin. I was wrong. It was him all the time.’, Thanks so much for looking ~ hope you enjoy what you see! I will be back tomorrow at 10:00 EST sharing a project for Day #6 which will conclude the May previews. I hope to see you then! Be Sweet :), Bertie unhooked his claws from the bird’s back and, not loosening the grip on the windpipe, swung himself over onto the opposite side. His weight and the momentum snapped the bird’s neck and they all fell tumbling onto the nest and over the edge, rolling down the hill in a mass of fur and feathers and blood., Love from our friends and family. When Maura Moritz brought me the incredibly generous gifts and cards from Arapahoe staff members, I actually burst into tears. I couldn't believe how kind people were. Thank you, thank you, thank you. We also have friends and family who are kind enough to drive out here almost every other day, bringing us healthy food, checking on us all the time, buying us butt paste (for Sam, not for us), paying for hotel rooms, and trekking out here just to go for a run with us. The nurses keep commenting on how popular Sam is, and each time, I think about how lucky we are., I’ve mentioned the bridesmaids. Aaah the bridesmaids. I personally tingle with joy when I see the bridesmaid’s dresses. You’ve got a Bride and she’s picked her closest friends to stand with her and help her during “her day”. These are obviously women she loves dearly but one should never EVER underestimate the psychopathic nature of a betty. Bettys will tag photos of friends looking minging on Facebook, bettys will talk behind each others backs, bettys will get jealous, bettys will compete. It’s taken me 28 years to find an exception to the rule and I’m still looking. If you think I’m wrong look at the classic bridesmaids dress. If the Bride has hot friends she will find the most unflattering cut in the most diabolical shade imaginable. She will pretend that it’s actually a fashionable colour but forgive me for asking when mint green, peach, lilac, lavender, baby sick yellow, greige, beige brown etc became acceptable shades for anyone without a pension? Combine the putrid shade with the regulation bridesmaid cut-to-accentuate-the-arse and even the hottest betty will look suitably awkward., TL: Yes. Not so much the wondering as the restlessness. Sometimes when I read an old story of mine I begin to believe that it's autobiographical - the words fit, even if they don't fit the historical truth. So it's finished. With poetry the feeling of not wanting to change a text usually comes from a more aesthetic source. The analogy I've used in the past is cricket. If the fielders are well positioned, the ball won't escape to the boundary. The fielders are words - they can be quite sparse, but they can contain the batsman if they understand him. Move a word and the poem leaks., Tonight I'm going to wake up and try to get back in the groove of cleaning and straightening out so I can maybe sit and make a collage with my mom sometime soon. I make collages. My mother is in an Altered Art Group that meets and they gossip and make such beautiful creations. They were nice enough to invite me to a few meetings and one of my mini boxes I have there is all stuff to make something., “I was just going out the door to the Tri-Fest to get something to eat when I was handed this paper” with the layoff notice, Henderson County Judge-Executive Hugh McCormick said Friday afternoon. “It took my appetite away.”, 3.Beans-soy beans,sprouted beans,chick peas, Karen Foster Embellishments, To gaze into the wings, And my boy got a cold today., Special guest tonight for DWTS Latin Night: Santana! Man, he can rock the guitar. And his musical interludes between dances were a lot of fun., Indian music fans now have one more reason to rejoice. After making an indelible mark in the music industry, as a musician and singer for over 2 decades, Lesle Lewis has now launched his début solo album! It’s great to see this talented man step into the spotlight again. The songs on this album sound and feel promising, and are sure to touch your heart…, I think that the "helpful" and "cooperation" charts have been helpful in giving me a tool to teach her what these things are. I have discovered in this parenting gig, that I am not a natural teacher and I need all the tools I can., The worst part of it was, about an hour in, I realised I’d seen the damn film before, but it’d made all the impression that a seagull would have made, if said seagull was stuffed, mounted, buried forty feet below ground and never spoken of again, and you moved into that house three years later and found a leftover whiteboard with ‘seagull?’ written on it in dry-erase marker., Fold edges of dough over apple filling, crimp edge slightly. Dot with butter., No reason to complain when it only costs L1.19 but I hope subsequent versions will have more content., But I don’t sense affection, “King Kong was the first to climb them in Dino DeLaurentis’s pointless 1976 remake of the giant gorilla classic.. They’d been smashed by tidal waves, blasted by aliens, shattered by meteor strikes, and pulverized by rogue asteroids. The terrible fall of the World Trade Center towers on September 11 had a curious inevitability of an answered prayer or the successful result of a black magic ritual., Small business, one of the largest components of the economy, is hurting because consumers are cutting back on spending. It is no surprise either that the banking community, under direct attack by the President, is reluctant to stick its neck out. The result is an understandable reluctance to extend credit and loans, and a loss of investor confidence., Sara's family appreciates all of your prayer and support as they've gone through the last week and a half and welcomes the continuation of it as they travel this road., 3 cup wheat flour, 1 pm Saturday, I had a lot going on in my mind so you would think I would have had a lot to say or some great insight which i did have my own small revelations but today just seemed to be a day i was stuck in my head., Tommy starts a new home daycare twice a week starting tomorrow. And I feel nervous and that familiar ache is there just as it has always been. I'm thankful that Todd takes drop-off duty because he knows my heart can't handle it., There was trick or treating for everyone. Face painting, crafts, dancing in the streets!, TIP 1. Gaining the carbon Trust Standard is also a worthwhile activity. Again, Manchester United placed a big emphasis on this and has reaped the benefits., So, I have realised that emotional fuckwittage is as good a description for women who have no control over their emotions, as it is for the men described in Bridget Jones Diary. And at times a better description. The same women will most probably think that I am a traitor to women, women should stand together and all that. But they are just as good at being emotional fuckwittages to other women, and I cannot identify with that kind of woman. They are also usually the high maintenance kind, expecting their boyfriends to be romantic and buy them flowers, when they never do anything remotely romantic back. It's all take and no give with them., Popcorn ceilings are made up mainly of chalk, clay and an aggregate. To remove it you have to wet it, which turns it into a soft gooey mess., Now to the bye-bye part of the post. As most of you know, Borders Books is in Chapter 11 and restructuring in hopes of avoiding a total bankruptcy. Well, our local Borders is one of the stores being liquidated. We popped in there tonight and the place looked as if it had been looted! It made me incredibly sad to wander around the shelves where I used to spend hours browsing and see things scattered here and there but most everything gone. Then I started to feel the irony of it all... Remember when Borders or its brother Barnes moved into YOUR neighborhood? Think back... it's been awhile since they became the big boys on the block. They pushed out almost all the little indy-booksellers and edged out all the competition as soon as they rolled into town with their flashy storefronts, cozy chairs, and delectable coffees and goodies. We all ran to them like crazy and the little guys were left behind. Isn't it incredible that the big box boys are being marginalized by something that comes in a little box? Welcome to the next era of books... and small booksellers. Now that we can get anything (practically) that we want on an e-reader; we may find ourselves having to go back to the little bookshops that are left when we want to buy an ACTUAL book! Now, THAT, my friends is irony! Excuse me now, I have a new book on my Kindle that I am dying to get started!, Anarchocapitalists. They fucked up the country and wanna scream about the evils of socialism. Idiotic assholes., HOLE WARNING: (did I really just write that?) Be very careful of where you dig your hole. The first time I did this, it was after sundown and I was in a place I was not familiar with. I dug out my hole, placed my head inside and began to scream about what was bothering me. Soon, I felt little blips of pain on my hands and neck that felt like pins and needles. I am thinking, wow what a great job I’m doing, and look how fast this release stuff works. Soon my screams developed into blood curdling cries as I realized I had dug my hole close to an ant nest. Word of caution – bring a flashlight!, We quietly (NOISILY) started the van and headed for London. lots of boxes of beer to deliver to Utobeer warehouse somewhere in the heart of Bermondsey. Then setting the SATNAV for Thatchers Arms Mount Bures somewhere in the Essex countryside we headed East. Hardknott Dave is now getting excited. He is wound up and raring to go for the night ahead. Driving right past the hotel straight to The Thatchers Arms. He need to get there to psych himself up for the night ahead., Classssy! Beautiful tapestries, fairly modern yet tasteful decoration., What we all want more of is time, time to concentrate on "just writing" and that's why writers' retreats are so popular. You go somewhere remote and rural, without a phone signal, and divest yourself of all the things that aren't writing. You even have surrogate wives to cook for you. But it costs; it's a rare treat., Some years ago, I wrote a poem about a moment in which God impressed upon my heart a prayer for our grandchildren. You can read the poem here: A Birthday Moment. (It had been a long time since I had read the poem, but I recently found it again "accidentally" while searching my blog for a poem by someone else.) This poem of mine was written about the four of my grandchildren who were present at the time. Now there are quite a few more!, JAS: I haven’t made a systematic study of it or anything, but my perception is that your writing has taken a more political turn in recent years. Is that a wrong impression? If it's true, was the political turn influenced at all by becoming a dad?, When that package hits the front porch tomorrow, I'll need to be in the frame of mind to dive in, assess what and where to add or subtract with my advisor's guidance, limited as I'm afraid it might be. And I knew that, when I sent it off, given her increasingly frazzled notes in the last two months. So I took the last days of the previous week and the weekend to leave the draft completely, to prepare myself: laundry, yard cleanup. I can't edit well when I'm surrounded by clutter., These are the projects that we made at my Stamp Club this month. I love the kraft boxes that Stampin' Up! has been selling, I really hope they put them in the main catalog this year. I used a lot of product from the Occasions Mini Catalog and the Sale-A-Bration Catalog on these projects and my girls loved them! The card is a CASE of one that Kimberly Van Diepen's did, you can see her card here., If you are interested in becoming a volunteer, the Volunteer Lawyers Project in partnership with the Real Estate section of the Boston Bar Association will be having a training on “Trying a case in Boston Housing Court.” The esteemed panel includes the Honorable Jeffrey Winik, First Justice of the Boston Housing Court, Stefanie Balandis, Greater Boston Legal Services, Joanna Allison, Volunteer Lawyers Project and, of course, Chris Saccardi, the Law Office of Christopher T. Saccardi., Striking, cutting-edge and always with a total uniqueness every piece brings with it, Mawi stands for futuristic trending and shapes as well as high qualitatively, traditional details of the past. Its richness in facets can be clearly seen and as I got the chance to visit London Fashion Week, I had a closer look at the various pieces of Mawi's collection at their exhibition stand. My personal affinity to purism pulling a statement in their play between past, present and future, has been meeting all of my expactations Mawi has given when you're spotting a single piece the first time. It is hard to put Mawi's motivation on the right words, but as I can see, the playground of the London based label is definitely a balanced mixture of various contradictions. That is most probably the point that keeps the world's finest department stores attracted to the label that involves the different zones of Mawi's clientel. That glamour every piece reflects with an edgy and dark tone catches everybody, if only for the pure look given by others clearly saying "where the hell did she get that amazing ring/necklace/earring/whatever from?!!". I had to keep countenance (for my owns sake obviously), that's why I didn't start freaking out completely when I spotted all the pieces (I just got to see on Polyvore and thick vitrines of Harrods and Harvey Nichols before) when I visited Fashion Week's exhibition rooms for all the buyers and press., The US section offers Classics Illustrated #43-74, mainly first editions, and the first tranche of our DC Comics one-owner collection spanning one hundred lots including Superman from 1948-1955, Action, Adventure and Superboy from 1959-1970s, Showcase #9 and #10 and Lois Lane #1-6., How is everyone doing today? Great I hope! :) Wanted to say Thank you to everyone that played in our FBW Anything Goes challenge last week and hope you all enjoyed our makes with our sponsored images from Sparkle Creations Rubber Stamps. Thanks again to Sparkle for sponsoring!!, -How I’m growing, This reminded me of one large group that we had last year where there was a former IV intern visiting. The topic was fasting, and afterwards the former intern shared with me his thoughts on the spiritual climate of the group. He felt like the enemy had been trying to throw in distractions or interruptions all night. His pondering was that maybe it had to do with the fact that fasting often meant giving things up that we rely on to meet our felt needs instead of allowing Jesus to meet our real needs…things like, shopping, watching tv, dating, eating. Of course none of those things are inherently bad, but they become idols when abused and Orange County is full of those idols. His final thought was a reflection on the wealth of the county, of Irvine in particular, and the unique place that we as a fellowship at UCI had in being a witness in that context. Imagine, he said, if your fellowship taught the campus about stewarding their resources, and the campus taught the city, and the city taught the county. There is so much wealth here, imagine how much good could be done with those resources!, All hands on deck for mochi making! Often, this is the one time a year we see some of our aunts, uncles, cousins and their growing children so it is a very important tradition for my family. And, of course, we have a bouncy house...just like our ancestors had I'm sure..., Then I went to do some trade-ins at the record store and got some kickass and diverse purchases: Led Zeppelin II and Ingrid Michaelson’s Boys and Girls. :), LMAO!, I was told by the kiddos that they wanted me to make this everyday, because it was the BEST thing they have ever had, and that I am the BEST cook ever., Kristine Adams, Timothy Egan, The New York Times, ‘Visitation’ is written by Jenny Erpenbeck. This is her third book. The book was shortlisted for the independent foreign fiction prize. I found the book rather hard to read as the text is written in blocks and not really spread out so its hard to stick with it., For some people. Like me. Sticks and Stones hurt and so did careless words., Bruce Lee saw that special thing in Wing Chun that made him use it as his basis for his own martial art, Jeet Kune Do., The following links are intended as starting points for research that everyone who is serious about working within a group toward sociopolitical change should undertake., Meanwhile, I was helping another friend to compile a book about the recent history of Knoydart, a task that involved interviewing a few of the area’s longest-standing inhabitants. I was taken to some pretty far-flung spots and I heard some fascinating stories., Add Summer Garden (a mellow song that could easily pass as a lost Velvet Underground track) to the mix, put on some dark sunglasses, smoke cigs all night and the package is complete., 6 years ago, I started attending seminars and I fell in love with learning again. I had stopped myself going to seminars before this because I had read so much that I thought I knew it. But, as one wise teacher said, if I wasn’t doing it, applying it, then I really wasn’t knowing it., Rath will be watching closely to be sure she completes her first assignment-reaping Rick, the boy who should have died. The boy she still wants to be with., Is there a grimmer subject than geography? And so much of it, I know now; know, that is, in terms merely of the title of topics we actually know nothing about: isotherms and tectonics, relief and settlements. Clueless, he’ll sit there, the false balloon of self-belief swiftly fizzling flat. Will he even remember to read the instructions, those hellish requirements to do one from Section A, etc?, 8/6 – Forgot to take final gravity. Pitched entire 1qt starter at about 77° at 11:30am Using a blow off this time because this yeast is supposed to produce gobs of Kraeusen. Had full Kraeusen by 8:00pm and by 9:30 the blow off tube was full. Temp is around 75°, Recently, he discovered that when someone is peacefully sleeping, it is excellent fun to sneak into the quilt and attack their legs. He is also very bad at sneaking, being black and white he stands out rather a lot., Tuesday – A woman discovered that her husband cheated on her when she was nine months pregnant. After he spent a week on the couch, her life ostensibly returned to normal, but she cannot bring herself to be intimate with him. She recently discovered that he had spent money at a fancy bath and body store, but nothing he bought was for her., The UK visit was organised to showcase the craft to its first British customers – Virgin Atlantic, British Airways and Thomson. It will fly over Derby en route from Gatwick Airport to Heathrow Airport., The rules say to work as much as you can. Hurt yourself. Push until you can't see straight. Take all the overtime you can get. Never, ever say no. And for the most part I agree with this ethos. But the truth is that cooks are for shit when it comes to taking care of themselves. Stand on your feet, running around for 12 hours a day, sweating through your shirt. Tear your body down...then reward it by filling it with beers, whiskey, burgers, and cigarettes. When was the last time you saw your grill guy eating a salad at the end of the shift? How many cokes does your fry guy suck down on a Friday? When was the last time you actually ate 3 normal meals in a day? Shit, when was the last time you exercised?, As one may have guessed from The National’s brooding sounds, Tom Waits and Nick Cave top Matt’s list. He also talks about Nirvana, The Smiths and The Strokes, whom he says “have maybe influenced more bands in the last ten years than the artists I mentioned have in the last twenty five.”, Now on to Shikes' beer itself. It's a big recipe, an imperial pilsner that comes in at 8.7 percent ABV and 73 IBUs (incidentally, Ska brewed a standard pilsner as no. 3 in the Local Series in 2005)., (6) fact-value dichotomy; and, Being the self-proclaimed cheapskate that I am, I was blessed to be able to borrow some maternity clothes from my best friend, and the rest I got used from a local consignment store. I HATE (I could repeat that several times for emphasis) maternity clothes and was not keen on spending money on something I would only wear for a short period of time and that I really disliked., As has been previously announced, blog favorites Bitch Magnet have reformed to play at least one gig in December, at All Tomorrow's Parties in the UK. Companion to that is an upcoming reissue program, news of which was briefly on the band's Facebook page until disappearing into the ether, until today. With today's formal announcement of the reissue program on Brooklyn label Temporary Residence, it is my honor to present another blog exclusive, a very lengthy interview with Bitch Magnet guitarist Jon Fine. Jon was kind enough to respond to my out-of-the-blue request to interview him or the band for the blog, as we'd already initiated a semi-coherent series of email correspondence, but even then the graciousness in giving me more than an hour of his time - on the hottest day of the year so far, for most of the Northeast, is not forgotten., Tonight I cooked and served up my most original recipe yet: Southwest Mac n Cheese., We don't know if the smoke was from burning off surplus growth, or if it was a bushfire. It was a long way off, but we had extensive views from that hill., Went to Detroit today with a local photographer to shoot, I'm super excited to see the shots!!!, 06-21-2006, Edward Alan Gouthwaite (Ind) 248, For inquiries, please call the CCP Dramatic Arts Division at 832-1125 locals 1606 to 1607, or visit the website at www.culturalcenter.gov.ph., We laugh at the ventriloquist’s dummy, but what do you do when the dummy is President of the United States of America?, The divorce is very complicated and of course I cannot discuss it in public – yet… I have no idea what my financial status is going to look like and won’t know for another few months. The best I can do is move forward with my life and keep paying down the marital debt and adding to the marital assets. At some point it will all work out., Who: Bill, Unfortunately, this may still be in violation of my status as I’m producing materials that are of value to me. I am willing to make all my art for free, but I’m not willing to lose ownership over it, even if it means relinquishing all future funds generated through the distribution of these materials to make them have no monetary value whatsoever. If that’s not possible, then I’ll simply have to fund it myself without Kickstarter. This is a monumental task given that my predicted budget for Kickstarter is about $10,000. I don’t have that kind of money lying around. Maybe it is time to let go of any rights to everything and succumb to my hippie side. The scientist and businesswoman in me are not going to agree., Decreasing the income disparities is important to the advancement of African-American communities and America as a whole., On Saturday afternoon we visited this place, which was quite fun, and put me in a mind of an analogy--if Schlitterbahn was a golf course, WaterWorks would be its putt-putt course. Similarly designed, much smaller. Also, less than 5 minutes from Pod's parent's house. The kids loved it, and even I was talked into riding the giant water slide. Once., I've had that picture of my brother and I on my fridge for some time now and I've been wanting to make something sweet and delicious using Coke, when the people at Coca-Cola contacted me and asked if I'd like to make a recipe using the beverage. It just seemed like perfect timing and I couldn't wait to get started. I had so much fun with these cupcakes and photographing all the shiny red accompaniments- from the can to the cherries that topped the mounds of whipped cream on top of the cupcakes. Fun, I tell you!, Thirty years of marriage to one of the really good guys in the world, Due to the growth of the hobby in the past ten years or so, a lot of manufacturers have jumped into this particular fray to snag the cash of the enthusiastic collector. Sad to say, not all of them are willing to return quality on the dollar. This can manifest in numerous ways, from the hideous to the funny, to the outright dangerous (if you are a practicing martial artist, for instance). This blog is inspired by those glitches in the system. :), Several micro-brewers make bourbon barrel stout or employ used bourbon barrels in other ways. Bourbon Barrel Foods, in Louisville, ages soy sauce and other products in them. A cigar company in Kentucky ages its tobacco in them., Welcome back on this friday the 11/11/11 :), Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries, The trio of ales are (as pictured from left to right) -, One of the paintings in the above book is this one of Cockington in Devon, it brings back a lot of happy memories for me as we always spent our annual holiday in either Paignton or Torquay when I was a little girl and we always went to Cockington. The painting is of the forge which dates back to the 1400s. When I was a child it was still a working forge, now I believe they sell miniature horseshoes to the tourists. Cockington is definitely one of those 'never go back' places I think, I'd rather remember the quiet, pretty village of my childhood., Replace the number in the “Value data” box with the highest number you saw in step #6. Click OK., Wild organ, fast and hard drums, out of control tenor sax—this was the sound of East Coast Young America. Jerry Gross, Arnie Silver and Mike Freda join in:, I'm sorry to break it to y'all, but God doesn't really give a shit about football., Rooftop pie of an evening..., 1:00 - nap, Strong as a rock,, Merry Christmas to all, on this Christmas Day 2011. You might be today spending time with the family, exchanging Santa’s gifts and wondering why the Elf’s brought you the wrong gift. Or having a Christmas dinner and if you’re an NBA fan, watching the opening day of games. We have so much to be grateful for., As the next lady entered the waters with her husband, she gave a sweet testimony of how she was raised in the church and always throught her testimony was ordinary, but recently God has revealed how his grace is never ordinary. One thing I love about our church is that each one is baptized by someone who has lead them in their walk with the Lord. As the husband took his wife by the hand, I was overwhelmed by the picture of our Great Bridegroom who leads us to the waters from wherever we have been., “Satchurated 3D” DVD is #3!!! Big thanks to all of my fans worldwide for making this happen. See you out there on the road!”, If I can do it, you can do it. Just ask God to lead the way., Oh, the Lord is good to me., I decided to look up the meaning of the irises I photographed the other day and found several different ones. These are white iris blooms with pale purple edges and they grow at the southwest corner of the house., Roger remained silent on his knees; the only flicker of emotion was a slight twitch under his right eye that flickered like the wings of a hummingbird., "It's your own fault," my dad said. "The sea hates whiney sailors. Get up. I'm not going to tell you again.”, He reminded me that many years ago I agreed that one day we could just 'wing it a bit' with regard to holidays, when we didn't have kids to consider...because when we had kids to consider/carry/feed/play with etc., I always needed to know where we were going, for how long, what the accommodation was like, what kind of weather did I need to pack the many bags for etc., etc., whereas now it is just the two of us and we can have more of an adventure....hhhhmmmmm. He tells me we need only hand luggage, and he promises it will be hot so just shorts (me? in shorts??? oh well as long as I don't scare local animals and small children) and t shirts with maybe just a jumper for the night time. The word rustic was used a few times...not sure if he meant where we are going or my knees., "American Way," I marked on the sticky, and requested the book. I pitched it to my editor who said yes. I then proceeded to read all 660+ pages of the book., With the good of independence comes the bad of detachment from my best friend, the person I like to regurgitate my day to and who generally makes me feel awesome and loved and all that. I do miss that and it has made me a little sad, disconnected, etc., So for a while, it is life as usual, and you find yourself cleaning house and singing happy tunes. You have now become as careless as sweet Snow White snug in the woodland cottage of the Seven Dwarves, thoughts of the evil editor, oh I mean Wicked Queen are long gone, a distant memory. In fact, a tiny blue bird perches on your window sill to sing along with your happy song…, really are,, The brief was ‘Opposites’, to make neckwear – experimenting with print, shape and/or colour. I should explain the way my imagination works is if there is a box with the obvious inside I’m jumping on top of it like a deranged rebel punk, the obvious doesn’t appeal to me at all, and so the cogs started turning., Two reasons. First, this shift is the result of the broader perspective that has come over the past few years as we have updated our vision and mission. Rather than focusing just on the LMS market, we're looking at the entire student lifecycle within the education institutions we serve. That broader vision led us to add complementary platforms like Blackboard Collaborate, Blackboard Mobile and Blackboard Analytics. And it led us to extend our services reach with Blackboard Student Services and the development of our online program management offering. Only when one takes the institution-wide perspective do the largest problems in education come into view. In that position, we've seen first-hand how much the value of the foundational LMS is expanded when it connects with and empowers other systems with core impact for the education experience – mobility, real time collaboration, analytics, campus life and student services, and more. So, we wanted to pursue a strategy that gets us more involved in leveraging the power of these intersections for institutions, whatever LMS choice they make based on their particular needs., Explore and have fun because you never know what your creativity can bring you., How vital are mother’s influence and teaching in the home—and how apparent when neglected!, Twenty minutes later Jacobs stood outside Greer apartment with a Styrofoam cup of chicken noodle soup and saltines. Clutching the brown bag to his chest he pressed the black square just under the peephole and listened for the barely audible chime. Unsure if he heard it and doubtful that Greer had heard it he fisted his hand and briskly knocked. Cocking his head he listened expectantly., Scoop the dough into mounds, arranging them 3 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets., By phone: 202-456-1111, After they’re done having their ‘sit-down’, as Party Time likes to call it Mafioso-like, we all sit down to watch the Royal Wedding. Luckily we tuned in at just the right time, just as the bony pony Kate emerged from her lovely posh hotel in her nice frock., It’s also a supreme pleasure to eat. This isn’t just finger-food — hummus is a major player. It dresses up, dresses down, and pairs with just about everything., new years also marked a big occasion for the best buddies., Fix our boys?, - One or more Daily Digests of Music News (planned), Avoid it if you are looking for something big to happen every two minutes. Also miss it if you are easily disappointed with subtle climaxes., 1 1/2 lbs ground chicken, Take Care All, and a new Memoires post will follow shortly..., It was not easy. Over the weekend I would find myself thinking of those ten days that Sam and Red will be away in Isabela . Though the group had coordinated with the Mayor and his constituents, I still am worried , mostly with Red’s condition because his speech is still delayed. Sadly I cannot even visit them because of money reasons and the demands of my work. Tears in my eyes dwelled knowing that I was having a hard time letting go of my son and my friend was right., 10. A Cold Cell, From my absolute favorite book of the Bible:, OMAHA, Neb. (AP) -- The young father stood in line at the Kmart layaway counter, wearing dirty clothes and worn-out boots. With him were three small children., ~7~, If white Americans are supposed to be somehow guilty because of the actions of some whites from the 17th to 20th centuries - a ridiculous idea, but one taken seriously by many - this notion of collective guilt can also be applied to the actions of other groups., It certainly protects the abuser., Then finally a slice about our typical day, Even though I've just arrived home from my trip to the US I feel it is my duty to participate in this search operation by posting my mug shot of Karin 'Quickdraw' Jurick. And I can personally attest her being know worldwide - even the Swiss join forces to apprehend this notorious lady!, Overall, this kit is a great way to try the brand, use for travel, and get better skin. Both myself and my friend really enjoyed the products in the kit, and liked the way they smelled. I'd recommend checking it out!, Here's a reality. I have call it 70 reviews on Dream Horse at BN. Most of them are 5 star. Some people hate this book. They think I'm stupid and I don't know anything about horses. One reader "cringed" at how ill-informed I am about all things equestrian. (I've had horses since I was 11.) Readers come with their biases. You can't please them all., Donald Driver might have been disappointed. During Motown Week, he finished fourth overall, but he also got special advice from head judge Len Goodman that made Driver drop to the floor with joy., Even at this point, I wasn't quite ready to let my vision go... so I turned to my last resort., After Seeta’s trials and troubles have been established we are introduced to Geeta. What a difference! Seeta is introduced in a scene where she is scrubbing the floor and her evil aunt is yelling at her. Geeta is introduced by a song – upbeat, full of life and fun, it’s an apt description of Geeta and her outlook despite her humble status., "The nature of the universe," Marcus Antoninus has observed, "delights not in anything so much as to alter all things, and present them under another form. This is her conceit to play one game and begin another. Matter is placed before her like a piece of wax and she shapes it to all forms and figures. Now she makes a bird, then out of the bird a beast--now a flower, then a frog, and she is pleased with her own magical performance as men are with their own fancies.", - Mustard seeds - 1 tsp, In 1995 retired judge, James Pickles, told a literary luncheon in Leeds, "Black and Asian people are like a spreading cancer... There are no-go areas in Halifax, where I have lived all my life, where white people dare not go even with their cars... All immigration must stop... The country is full up. We don't want people like that here. They have a different attitude to life. They are not wanting to adopt our ways of life" (India Mail 02.03.95).Liaqat Hussain of the Bradford Council for Mosques called for Judge Pickles to be prosecuted under the Race Relations Act., How do people handle these things elsewhere?, I think my mom reads this. I am not certain. My goal is not to hurt her. My goal is to express my truth so that I can live. I know no other way. Ever since my memories of abuse surfaced, I have, in one way or another, been trying to get my family to pay attention to and acknowledge what has transpired in our family. On occasion, I thought my mother, sister and I could support each other in healing. I now know that I need to find support elsewhere, and continue on my journey to health. I have been through a lot and put myself through a lot along the way, and honestly, am grateful to be alive. I truly believe that every person’s birth is enough reason to live—if you were born, you matter. Therefore, I surmise, I matter. And I’m doing something about it—I’m writing., "Magic Attraction" is a taupe/lilac tinted holographic released in the Glitter Vixen Collection in 2008. In order to cover all the "nooks and cranny's" I had to apply 3 coats to my thumb, and it was well worth it! So pretty!, It will start on Cheri's Blog...., This closet soon turns out to be more than your usual closet. It is in fact a door to a land full of mythological creatures. I have not had a chance to read the Bible yet but I am very much looking forward to reading about fauns and talking animals and all of these other magical biblical creatures. The girl who first enters this magical land, called Narnia, meets a very nice faun carrying an umbrella who invites her to his house but makes her promise not to tell anyone. It reminded me of a special friendship I once had when I was young with an older man carying an umbrella who also made me promise not to tell anyone., like how on one day she just all of a sudden had eyelashes, I was unable to download the exercise files and called FSO support then Lynda.com. All were very patient and kind but unable to solve my delimina. I then decided to viewed the videos and used my own content as practice. It was challenging at first but my humor and persistence keep me on the winding path of knowledge. I often thought about the name of my blog and Travelicious Journey was not my first thought. I thought technology is great when it works but it has it moments as with all things in life. I had to tell myself the learning isn’t about getting it’s about the things you experience along the way…, *Above picture not drawn to scale., I'll be trying to keep the familiar simplistic design. As a matter of fact I can guarantee that the blog will keep its mostly white appearance, I just think it looks cleaner that way., The cards are 3 3/8” by 5 1”, with a reversible back (black, with two entwined ouroboros in the middle). The card face carries a 1” black border. For the Major Arcana, the card number (in Roman numerals) and the card name are in gold at the bottom of the card. The Minor Arcana Pips (numbered cards) show the card number and suit at the bottom of the card in gold lettering, while the Court cards show the card title and suit at the bottom of the card, in gold lettering., We made a bunch of phone calls, and left her in the hands of the apartment management. Again, that was all last week., Luckily, the leaves will soon begin to fall and I've become more comfortable with the first step, the leap., “Years from now, people may remember me as a golfer and a major champion, but I’d like to be remembered as a father who took the issue of autism and tried to make a difference,” said Els. “The success of the Els for Autism Golf Challenge in 2011 far exceeded my expectations, and on behalf of my family and the thousands of families affected by autism, I’d like to extend our heartfelt appreciation to all of the participants, the PGA TOUR and its TPC Network, and all our sponsors, particularly SAP for opening their hearts and going above and beyond in support of this important initiative. This year’s event promises to be even better, and thanks to everyone’s collective efforts, we’ll be able to deliver the best possible treatment to children on the autism spectrum around the world.”, And then we built the space shuttles. Possibly the most complicated machines the world has ever known, the shuttles had no equal. We sent them into space 135 times, trusting their ability to keep up to 7 people alive. We’ve brought them safely back to earth., It’s always a challenge for me to preach about the Resurrection of Jesus. It is the central truth of our faith. Jesus physically rose from death; you either believe it or you don’t. In the past I have offered many facts and logical arguments that tell us it is reasonable to believe it. But this year I want to look at the difference it makes in our lives. It makes a huge difference in eternity, of course – the difference between heaven and hell. But it starts to make a difference right now, in the choices we make, and in how we deal with disappoint and grief here in this life., “Now the question is what happens when the visa expires,” said Khalaf, an insurance broker who arrived in San Diego decades ago by way of Paris. “This is a remedy, but it’s not a permanent solution.”, Your brother-in-law the beer geek: I would suggest all holiday ale, in the largest sized bottle you can find, perhaps a growler... signed with a sharpie by the Brewer., This second picture is of us again, taken much more recently, in January 2012, and this was the day after Chris proposed! We were staying in his uncle’s boat just off the island of Culebra, Puerto Rico. This picture was taken on “Flamenco Beach”, which was ranked number 2 in a list of the most exotic beaches in the world!, Took a quick little trip this past weekend for business with my husband. I dislike flying, we had a million and one things going on before we left, found out some family members are having serious health issues, dealing with lots of stuff...but we had to go on this business trip., Fareda: What’s wrong, father?, Mine's an IPA, please., Death, I believe, comes at the top of the list for stress and divorce is quite high up in the list (I have never been divorced)., Well, that pack kicked booty. I might have to engineer a swap with someone across the pond for some baseball packs for a bunch of these., Prior to his appointment at Felda Global, Mohd Bakke served in various capacities within Government Linked Companies and Government Linked Investment Companies., -You will regret giving away pieces of your heart and body to boys who don’t deserve it., It’s still too soon to make Whitney Houston jokes — at least according to the people at Target, who have decided to pull a greeting card from their shelves that mocks the late singing legend., Enjoy the vada curry!!, ‘We’re dealing with a situation that is known as consensual in fact, but not in law. And sometimes participants may not realize the significance of the conduct they are engaging in,’ said Fond du Lac County District Attorney Dan Kaminsky, “You!” said Johan to Charles who was tied up in the chair, “how do we close the secret door?”, It's easy to think, reading about the situation in Michigan and the war against Eat More Kale, that we don't live in the United States. That, at some point when we weren't looking, our democracy was stolen and replaced by authoritarian rule. This is nothing new. It wasn't that long ago when the Feds were slaughtering sheep on a family farm in their role as "saviors". It is insidious and it is not stopping. It reminds me of one of my favorite song lyrics: "we fell asleep at the sentry post, now we're toe-to-toe with what we fear the most." It's very easy to get so busy just trying to get through the day that you don't pay attention to what is happening in your government. And they are betting on just that fact. Who has the money to pay the lobbyists to insinuate themselves next to our legislators? A small farmer? A homesteading family? NOT! It is my opinion that we are no longer a Democracy - we, the 99%, if you will - have almost no control over our lands, laws, food, health, you name it. It's all being controlled by the 1%., Chances: Excellent. All polls show that she’s the likely nominee to replace Sen. Herb Kohl., my insides hurt, Like the shoes that he paints, Tyler Ramsey is colorful, fearless, and never afraid to stand out from the crowd., I was stuck, stuck, stuck over what to put in the living room above my club chair., Add the onions to the oil and cook, stirring to scrape up any browned bits from the chicken until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic, crushed red pepper, remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, and the bay leaf and cook 1 minute. Add the lemon juice, chicken broth, and browned chicken thighs to the pan. Bring the mixture to a simmer, cover tightly, and place in the oven. Bake for 20 minutes, remove the lid and cook an additional 15 minutes, or until cooked through and tender., Some red card was embossed and wrapped with a black ribbon, and then the Nestabilities panels were stamped and decorated before being stuck down. The small panel and large red flower were raised on 3D pads, and the finishing touches are the Shapeabilities sponged butterfly and the red gems ( I hope this is OK with ColourQ ??? ), Imagine An& complain and say the ACIB need restructuring…..is 20 months you in charge of it An& and you aint do anything to fix it? http://www.newsday.co.tt/news/0,155240.html, "This is a large city and a large region. Brooklyn alone has 2.5 million people," Ratner said, "so we really need a second arena.", I often marvel that the minute village of Chawton, Hampshire has become an homage to, not to mention resting place of, so much important women's writing. Just down the road from Jane Austen's House is Chawton House -- which contains a library of rare works published between 1600 and 1800. Although the Chawton House Library is well-known to academic scholars in the field, it is a best-kept secret that anyone may make an appointment to visit this unique collection. There is a monthly reading group, too, for anyone who cares to discuss Mary Wollstonecraft or other "foremothers" of English literature., Nemango, As the curator of the Museum of Me, I’ve got to do some culling. Photos to come., With Brayden in the picture now, it has become crystal clear to us that this has to stop in front of him. We would never want Brayden to think that we were purposely being disrespectful to each other. That is not the example we want to share with our son. And it hasn't been an easy habit to break!, Don't have much info on Nerves. They play quite fast HC with a strong punk influence. It's not thrash though., Somewhere on the far side of the vale beyond that grim scarp, Van Raighan fled with his secrets. Notia was saying something, but Pevan blocked her out, reached for the nook at the back of her mind where she'd stored the memory of the previous gate. She cringed at the throb of her head as she spun the final Gate in the sequence, but it opened in the untamed grass at their feet without a hitch., I really admire the style of artists such as Roben-Marie Smith, Donna Downey and Traci Bautista. I like their wild and colourful freestyle attitude and as I said recently, it is a real chance for me to just play and express myself next to all the DT work., a much larger Rainbow supermarket nearby., I rate this book 6 out of 5 stars. It gets a ghost star because it’s just that damn good., Who is this talking? Whose commandments are these? The Ten Commandments are “thecommandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.” Rev. 14:12., I've decided to join in with Jude Hill's Magic Feather Project (see link in side bar).... if you visit her blog you'll see she's kindly giving free tutorials and lots of information regarding the project., The Tower of the America's is the second tallest free standing building in the U.S., second only to The Stratosphere in Las Vegas. You can ride an elevator to the observation deck on top to take a look around San Antonio. It was built for the 1968 World's Fair, and is located in HemisFair Park, behind the Convention Center. We ran out of time to go to the park, but here is a super link if you want to learn more about it: The Texas Explorer.com: HemisFair Park., OK - now it's YOUR turn., And for those who believe, there are those in our community who treat The Spirit like a drug. They are constantly on the search for their next fix of God and forget that the spirit was sent to us, he wasn’t hidden. They are so intent on the finding a holy altered state that they forget that Jesus said this life and this walk would be hard. But God does not depart., but what else is in it?, for a moment everything stops, After Walter dropped the girls off in Virginia Highlands, they walked down the row of bars, smokey and music filled. They enter the first bar, The Dark Horse, and were met by a familiar college party scene. They left after only a few minutes, deciding they had graduated from the scene of dumb drunk girls and eager boys. (Ok, maybe not, but they just weren't feeling it last night.) Their ears led them down the street to a New Orleans blues club, Blind Willie's, where there were some pretty sweet sounds coming from within. Drinks were ordered, small talk was made. But neither Jeannie or PeyPey were having the time of their lives, which they were desperate to have, having had such an awesome time at the concert. Now, don't get the wrong idea, they had fun - the beer was cold, and there was some good people watching; but it just wasn't meeting their expectations. So at about 1:15 a.m., they made the call to Walter to take them back to their hotel., He is known only as Juror #2. But he has a name, a past, and he has planned his every move with the help of a beautiful woman on the outside. Now, while a corporate empire hangs in the balance, while a grieving family waits, and while lawyers are plunged into a battle for their careers, the truth about Juror #2 is about to explode, in a cross fire of greed and corruption-and with justice fighting for its life…”, And he moved the third string from his harp crying out and saying: The royal daughter is all glorious within; her clothing is woven with gold (Ps. 45:13)., Here are a few shots of my booth that could not have happened without the hard work and support of my husband Doug and sister Ophelia along with my good buddies Caroline and Cindy! And I was touched by my friends that attended and shopped until they dropped! My booth was nearly empty by the end of Saturday...I am truly blessed beyond words., I have not scrapped in months due to moving house....its been a 2 month lonnnngggg drawn out thing and I still have not unpacked the craft stuff which means it will be a few weeks yet til i scrap :(, At the cathedral reception desk we asked about the cat. We learnt that his name was Louis, he was the cathedral cat, and that the minor canon (or some such title) on duty had to put him out at night. No cat-flap, then: does Louis also spend cold nights scratching at the stained-glass windows, mewing to be allowed in?, Love and abundance begets love and abundance., Good thing Marian Gaborik finally ended his goal scoring drought with 5:19 left in the third overtime. If he hadn’t the game might have lasted forever. The way Alex Ovechkin’s golden chance bounced off the post in the first overtime and later on the way Mike Rupp’s open net opportunity was blocked by his own teammate Brian Boyle, you’d think that everyone had conspired to keep the game going as long as possible., Farmer #1: Well, I’m sure glad to share our crop plans with you all. Looking forward to trying out some of those new varieties of heirloom vegetables you all suggested and my friend here (indicating Farmer #2) for sharing seeds with me., Well, there has always been a number of debates, there’s nothing new about it, actually. Naturally, if the resources are scarce, and they’re allotted one way, the people who didn’t get what they wanted will have criticisms. That is a perfectly necessary and essential feature of any government arts support policy., Why would anybody need the services of a competent Virginia criminal defense attorney? Well, this content shall explain that. As a person residing in the community, you are under the regulation of the law of the land so when certain types of situations take place wherein one is framed in a legal situation the only hope to get away from the consequence or to attenuate it would be to seek out the assistance of a legal counsel who knows about all of the intricacies of legal issues. It is very hard to undertake your personal lawsuit and win it simply because understanding the law is never an easy job and only a professional can aid you out in this kind of an issue., And just so you know, I just finished the amazing, awesome, completely brilliant and fabulous Lola and the Boy Next Door and told Katy, Jessica, and Tracey that we needed to start this blog fest ALL OVER so I could give it proper praise. Coolest nerd, quirkiest character, best parental figures, tie for best contemporary and I must must MUST add Cricket Bell to the boys I would date in high school. Seriously delightful read people. I LOVE this book!!!, For almost two years now, I have been a priest; for almost two years, I have been a junior shepherd, under the Chief Shepherd; and the part of his flock that I have been asked to care for and tend is this parish; it is you! You personally are Christ’s own special lamb; and he has asked me—another lamb—to help to take care of you for a little while., A little bit about me: I LOVE adventures and stories of Happily Ever After. I have found my freckled prince and he treats me like a Queen. I believe in love conquering all., and see my dad when I needed to see him., The exercise marks “a key moment in the story of PPI”, according to Martin Wheatley, managing director of the Financial Services Authority (FSA)., wasn’t around for previous technology-driven disruptions of industries, but I’m confident that as cars displaced horse-drawn carriages, electric lights displaced candles, and digitally distributed music displaced CDs, to name just a few, the establishments of the day decried the newcomers’ methods and aims and predicted that the new way would inevitably cause The Destruction of Civilisation and the End of All That Is Good. And yet the doomsayers’ predictions have never come true., Makeup: Izzie’s – Glitter Eye Make-Up moonshine (Summer Beauty Festival), to a son, congratulations”, A conspiracy theorist would have to confront issues of timing. According to a legal filing by the ESDC, the Final Scope of Analysis was expected to be issued by mid-March, but delayed because of the legal wrangle over whether attorney David Paget, who had just advised the developer, could work for the state agency. A conspiracy theorist would have to think that Forest City Ratner welcomed the delay, because otherwise the Final Scope would have been issued before the state budget came to a vote., And so, like every intern or poorly paid employee who seeks to recoup that lost value, (a feat usually accomplished with stolen office supplies) I set out to recoup what I felt I was owed. But, this being an arts and culture paper where all sorts of bands, artists and film-makers submit press-packs for review, I was afforded the chance to make up for all that I endured and then some, when I found, and stole this photo:, Those who stayed behind in the Cape became known amongst the independence minded Boers as the "Cape Dutch" - symbolizing their attachment to Europe. This group loyally supported any European colonial government, and vehemently opposed all attempts by the fledgling Boer population to break ties with the colonial governments. This group stood in strong opposition to the fledgling Boer population and differed with them on all levels - starting with their approach to colonialism and extending all the way through even to language. It is not widely known for example that there are for example marked accent and pronunciation differences between the Boers and the "Cape Dutch"., Background: Lemme just point out that I am an ardent Manchester United fan and would watch any match they play in, even if it’s in a mickey mouse league like the Europa (gag, I must say these bore me a tad bit) but just watching those guys run across the field (whilst I yell “take off your shirt dammit”) makes me happy. I always watch the Utd matches at home and rarely accept any invitations to socialize with the girls on these days even when they promise me that there will be a tv screen nearby where I can watch without disturbance. Yeah right!! Have you ever been seated with a bunch of girls during a soccer match? They never stop yapping!!! I’ll pass thank you, my couch is just fine!, Those are the biggies. Best of luck with the rest, stay informed, and make your voice heard. More later,, Let me make a suggestion to all who would call themselves God’s people through Christ. This suggestion applies to situations beyond the media’s current hobby. Unless, and until, we have the facts…ALL THE FACTS… – stay out of it. This case is not about truth. It is not about justice. It is about advancing an agenda, and the results are likely to be “the shedding of innocent blood.” Those guilty of this crime will answer for their actions on Judgment Day, and I pray God’s mercy to not be counted among them., Dr. Hilde L. Mosse was one of the founder's (with Wertham) of the LaFargue Clinic in Harlem. Her background is a perfect explanation for her views on children and violence. From a rich and prominent German Jewish family, her exposure to the horrors of the Nazi's rise to power, causing her family's flight from Germany, is a fascinating story that can be read here:, I can, at least, somewhat divide the mess in my car. Somewhat. The front is presentable, trash is in a bag, and empty cups go inside to the sink. The back is deplorable, trash is everywhere, and empty cups roll back and forth across the floor mats, which, of course, has nothing to do with the lack of effort on my part to grab a cup or two or gather and dispose of trash (and petrified banana slices) while filling up with gas. Gas stations have large trash cans available for people just like me. Humph. I won’t bother mentioning the grass, dirt, and leaves., As I sit writing this I can see through my window the wind has got up. The last week has been so still and grey, but today the light has changed. The first glimpse of winter in the pale pink tinged afternoon., “A current? Through my nose?”, Still flipping the knife, Aryc said, “I really hope you don’t feel pressured to reveal our names.” With sudden force, he threw the knife at Gunther. It struck his throat and pinned him against the wall behind the couch. His eyes glassed over. His breathing was difficult, raspy. The blade had sliced through the windpipe and was there to stay. Gunter tried to reach up and pulled the blade out, but he could not muster the strength to do so., More than 2000 years later such metaphors seem outdated. Vastness belongs to space itself., At one stage I thought the amount of weight lost was going to be even more but as I lamented in my post yesterday, this weight-loss journey is often two steps forward and one step back., In that moment, I realized how absurd it is to try to be in control of this person's life. UNEXPECTED THINGS ARE GOING TO HAPPEN. Crazy, silly, mortifying, embarrassing, difficult, challenging, memorable, smelly, messy, grace-needing things are going to happen. It's just a given with Josh. Here is a child who is an adventure. Life with Josh is going to be really, really different and I can't control that. I can try to pretend that I am in charge of nothing bad ever happening or I can buckle up and ride the ride., near and afar,, Dedication: To the Memory of my Law School teachers (1948-1951) who, with a few noble exceptions, preached (and hence taught) far better than they could practice., “Whatever.” Natalie crammed her headphones back in her ears and dialed through the songs on her iPod., Southwark Council has decided to sell Greenland Pier, the pontoon and linking bridge that is used by the Thames Clipper as their Rotherhithe stop, linking Rothehithe with Canary Wharf and the rest of the river between Greenwich and Embankment., Bunny, I’m sorry I yelled at you (Mike showed up)!, Video game engaged, Blanch asparagus until just tender. Remove from water, shock in cold water, and cut each stalk in half. Place in a serving bowl. Add cherry tomatoes and dates., My half marathon is going to be here before I know it, and I've been a bad trainee. I did something to my shoulder last weekend and it's ached all week, but starting to feel better. So hopefully I can get back to running this upcoming weekend because I'm not going to have a very good time come October 30th if I don't!, People’s Brewing - Hopkilla, West Lafayette, Thanks for all the sympathy...it really helped!, Just another way that things have changed since I became a mom. If you are looking for somewhere to donate some of your love and finances to, these are some of the organizations that I have fallen in love with. Check them out if you get a chance:, a) the middle finger of the left hand, Basically it's 12 young women, all under the age of 25, and me, stuffed into a room together. It's noisy, and frequently unprofessional and ridiculous in ways that I never considered possible before last month. Every day I feel like I'm running a daycare. I shouldn't have to ask you not to read the newspaper while you're at work, but on the other hand I don't need you to tell me every time you go to the ladies room to pee either., Pass it around – go see it.-, THANK YOU everyone who hosted me and took me places and shared your lives and towns and made the adventure so big and memorable. Thanks to those who read the blog and cheered me on in my Quest to Document. :-), In my opinion, this ability to improvise in difficult situations is one of the best parts of being in your twenties. At this age, we have few major responsibilities and the flexibility to change careers, friends and relationships without dire consequences. It’s easy to make something out of nothing, or to turn an annoyance into an opportunity., I stayed in Cub Scouts for only two years as a Wolf and a Bear. Of course, during those two years my father chose to be the Scoutmaster. While others might relish this, I knew that it would just lead to me being ridiculed at school, which it did. Some of my bullies were also in the Cub Scout group, including Mitchell, who plays the biggest part in this story about the Big Nose and the Black Eye., When you understand your choices from Creator’s truth and perspective, right and wrong are non-issues. One of the most helpful things you can do for yourself is to forgive yourself unconditionally. When you trace back the origin of each choice you no longer would choose, you will find fear. When you are able to see your actions (and the actions of others) from this perspective, it opens the pathway to compassion and forgiveness automatically. When you also have Creator show you how the choice served you (and others, potentially), you then open the pathway to full release and clearing., I hit the 20K mark at 1 hr and 51 min. I was so happy! At this point I thought even if I have to walk the rest of the way, since I haven’t even ran in over two weeks, I would be happy with running 20K in well under 2hrs. But of course I kept going, I was going to give it my all, no matter what!, The very activity of prisoners washing was a big concession, because before 1985 it was not even considered necessary for the prisoners to wash and they were infested with lice., “English. The most useful of all majors,” I joked. ” In the end I want to write for videogames.”, New challenge coming up on March 29th!, So here's a question for those of you who write: is it pleasure or pain, agony or ecstasy?, All my kin who loves me, all my friends who care, When you purchase a SpiritHood with the PRO BLUE logo, they donate 10% of net profits to a non-profit organization dedicated to helping that particular Spirit animal. A major goal of theirs is to educate people on the importance of helping these animals and empower them to make a difference. Buy a SpiritHood, Help an animal., We also find Erika 5 and Jocko, former creations of Victors who had managed to escape his thrall and the mess in New Orleans and had, by a terrible coincidence, settled in seclusion on a country residential property outside Rainbow Falls., It is important to remember that each person deals with grief differently and on a unique basis, so individualistic needs should be met rather than grouped together under one expectation. Management should be made aware of individual circumstances, and proper actions should take place if it is affecting the work environment. Again, use HR for assistance with any employee assistance programs, or possible FMLA (Family Medical Leave of Absence) or vacation days. Every company has a bereavement policy that can also be obtained from the HR Dept., How it Works: Your family reserves private scheduled sessions twice a week for a group exercise class conducted by a certified personal trainer at our Fitness Together studio in Cohasset. Families complete a confidential health questionnaire and we do a simple assessment, to help design your program. We’re insured and have all the equipment: bands, balls, ropes, TRX to make this fun for everyone., Sell off: Boots is owned by Italians, and headquartered in Switzerland, I painted my fridge with chalkboard paint! It was kinda scary at first, I mean I PAINTED MY FRIDGE!! Everyone thought I was crazy, now I like to believe they are jealous of my super fun fridge. Dave thought I was crazy too, but he's used to that by now. ;-), Huang recently showcased his work at the 2010 Shanghai Wold Expo. On his can-do attitude, he says:, Bumper Beepers & , Body Worn Transmitters, Of course no potato harvest would be compete without a celebration, so we took advantage of one of the fast disappearing warm evenings and had a meal outside. Of course there was vodka and wine, toasts and tears, food and more food, and then more food and dessert. The perfect reward for an afternoon of hard work., The artwork is fantastic, at times looking like woodcuts and really evoking a look of the time period. The colors are strong and the whole atmosphere of the book is spot on. On top of that, we also get a backup story of older characters (El Diablo) and a new one (The Barbary Ghost)., 68. A phenomenon which I have often noticed., I have long admired Jenny's works, but this quilt really took my breath away. To give you and idea of the size of this quilt, I was at a quilt show earlier this year and as I walked between the rows, a man standing at the end of the row caught the corner of my eye and I did a double take. It wasn't actually a man, it was this quilt, hanging at the end of the row. When you stand looking at the quilt, he is basically life sized and the way the quilt was hung meant that you were looking at him in the eye., Pinky Brown Beetle Juice, 2 tbsp butter (melted), But you will always be to me, I took a photograph, through the kitchen window, of the farmer feeding the garden birds. They were all waiting. It must be very hard for them. Nesting last week in temperatures in the late teens and now this. Still, it is set to go today, the barometer is rising and the sun is trying to break through. As Eliot says, "April is the cruelest month.", Go to Sedona, Arizona ( a spiritual center, vortexes), The Microsoft Malware Protection Center blogged a couple of days ago on An interesting case of Mac OSX malware, which turned out to be exploiting MS09-027, a remote code execution vulnerability in the Mac version of Microsoft Office for which a patch has been available since the Jurassic (well, about three years ago). There’s a message there about how careful Mac users are about patching., So guys how's your High School Reunion?, "Pop, get the tomatoes!" she exclaimed., Southern Tier Imperial Choklat Stout, "'Why-why do you always r-reduce my, Back to the more savory of this truffle duo. The best place to get the most truffle for your buck is Masa in the Time Warner building at Columbus Circle. This stately Japanese restaurant sprinkles the magic mushroom (no, not that magic mushroom) on quite a number of its dishes, from the uni risotto to its sushi and even its cool ice cream. Truffle ice cream?? Now that sounds like something you have to try at least once in your life. Despite the uni (sea urchin) being a strong flavor in the uni risotto, it doesn’t overpower the dish, and instead mixes perfectly with the black truffle; everything about this dish just screams lush and decadent. The truffle sushi is a nigiri piece of sushi rice rolled in shavings of black truffle, completely enveloping the whole piece of sushi in truffle flavor. Of course, all this truffle indulgence will set you back a pretty penny: there are rarely any items on the menu that are less than $50. So, if you are happy to lay down quite a few Benjamins to partake in the heaviest truffle experience of your life, Masa’s the place to do it; but don’t expect an easy dine-and-dash routine here., Gently whisk 1 cup of the cream into the powdered sugar mixture, holding back the last 2 tablespoons see if you need it. If the mixture is dry and not coming together as a glaze, add more cream. Whisk the mixture well, until you have a shiny, thick liquid., I was flipping through the channels at the time., I hope this letter finds you all healthy and happy! Personally, I’m digging a little deeper this year to find some joy. It’s been a rough one for us, but this letter is going to positively reflect our year, even if I have to B.S you a little bit!, Ismae is able to escape from a planned marriage. Her next stop is the sanctuary at the convent of St. Mortain, the saint of death. She learns well and then is given a big assignment!, I just watched a report on The Huffington Post that links obese mothers with having Autistic children. They better have proof of this because that’s adding another stigma to obesity. Isn’t it tough enough already?, I tried, stupidly, the leg extension. I just needed to know. On my iPod was playing Closer by Ne-Yo & the lyrics repeated themselves: “I just can’t stop. I just can’t stop.” It was just the reminder I needed that I was being neurotic and stupid. Obsessive. Give it up. Move on., And that's why I decided to make a point of celebrating when the smaller goals are met. Finishing rewrites was a pretty big one, but there were all sorts of goals in-between, too. I celebrated when I got ahead of my set schedule. I celebrated if I was having a particularly tough day but I managed to write something anyway. I celebrated when I managed to pull off a tricky scene, when I nailed down an elusive plot point, or when I finally wrote out a moment that's been in my head for months. These celebrations typically just involved me, a rented movie, and some sushi, but it allowed me to take some time just to feel happy about what I'd accomplished., There were only a few empty seats but all of the stand-by passengers made it on board. Tony and I were in different rows. We landed around 11:30pm, picked up Lucy around 1:30am, and were in bed (after a couple of glasses of wine, as we were wide awake) by 2:30am. I woke up at 3pm! I really needed the sleep., By 1901 Britain imported 16,000 tons of rags, 194,000 tons of esparto and 448, 000 tons of wood pulp. The cheapest papers, for the mass-market, took the least trouble to de-acidify their products. They were ephemeral by design., Regression exercises are intriguing, but risky. Susan explains to us the process, then guides us in. She holds space for us, and makes it safe. But we are the ones that see… or don’t see. We’re the ones that have to reach. We have to let go of limiting beliefs and stretch our awareness. We have to trust that what we’re seeing has value and meaning. And, of course, there’s that annoying inner voice that says, I’m not going to see. I never see anything., The ONLY rule is, you have to commit to lighting someone up if even for a second. And in return, I guarantee your heart will become full in return., Joe Ely @ 3rd & Lindsley * presented by the City of Austin, She saw me struggling with these kids. Everybody thinks Hannah’s so sweet, so good; running up in the church every time the doors open; all up in the preacher’s face crying and carrying on. Like I said, that praying, crying, testifying woman aint never tried to help me one bit. She couldn’t lift up holy hands to help me change a Pamper?, As in the words of humanity’s Rosthschild malignancy: “We own you. We will take everything.”, replenishing and his thirst for God needs to be quenched.He is longing for a connection,, Take a look at this article “exposing” those who are supporting Eddy Butler. The article and the whole blog balances precariously between paranoia, patheticness and black comedy (your name too vil go on ze list). Their “crimes” are all twofold. One: they have decided to use their democratic right in a (supposedly) democratic party to support a challenge to the incumbent leadership in a way which conforms to the legal constitution of that party. Which clearly has become a hanging offence. Two: they have other ‘issues’ or ‘undesirable traits’ which marks them down as “freaks”. Such as for example being gay. They’ll be bringing out the coloured badges soon to stitch on your jacket., There is no grand launch or ceremony. I'm frantically busy trying to complete Katie in Scotland anyway. But later in the Autumn I am going to the Cheltenham Festival, to the British School in Paris and giving a string of workshops at the National Gallery (details will appear on this Katie site as and when...), so Katie isn't going to be neglected!, Throughout each of these pieces the continued relationship between the physical and the digital world is emphasized. Rather than the digital splitting completely from the physical world, there is a definite carryover of concepts, constructions and systems of thought. These scholars all note that the racial constructions and representations of the physical world are brought into the digital realm. Nakamura spoke to this in her lecture when discussing online gaming in which the visual representations of race were targeted and the racial structures were reestablished, even at times more brutally. As much as the physical realm has influenced the Internet, the digital in many ways works to reveal the constructed nature of the social systems and hierarchies. Nakamura highlights the digital visual construction of race as based on stereotypes and a façade. In the digital realm, the visual images can be modified, chosen, created and thus constructed revealing and emphasizing a façade of authenticity on which racial constructions were/are based. However, as Browner and Everett are quick to point out, this ability to modify, choose, and create can also lead to innovation, redefining, reimagining in a manner that better suits the needs of the diverse population. It allows multiethnic groups to take control of the construction and conceptualization of race. As Browner states, “race works as an archive, as a category used to create meaning, even as the very notion of race as a meaningful category has been undermined. The result is a site that challenges our desire for an easy or invisible interface” (222). Thus, even though the Internet did not fulfill its original hope of equality and democracy and brought the “cultural baggage” (Everett 149) of the physical world into the digital world, it has allowed for an awareness of and change in the constructions that characterizes the physical and now the digital world., So, round and round we go, stepping over successes, great and small, along the way. Oops! I just stepped over the goal of starting my project/finishing my project! Oops! I just stepped over my goal of finding an agent/having my work published/getting paid for writing/querying agents-small presses-lit mags/having someone I respect love my work or encourage me. Oops! I just stepped over my goal of my work being published. Oops, I just stepped over my goal of (fill in blanks). And as you circle, you pass people who are running to catch up and pass you as you run to catch up and pass someone else., Whether you’re a boating beauty or a land lover, the sailing capital of the US has plenty to catch your eye. Colonial buildings, wine tasting, gourmet dining: with a stay so perfect and carefree, you’ll feel like you’re living in a Ralph Lauren ad., Bury peaches partly peeled, He asks her if she knows anything about the envelope Chi San had with him when they met for coffee and she acts like she’d been worried about it too because they’d somehow gotten switched. Owning up to it is obviously a good move because that way, she can feign some innocence. Yi Gak is a dummy so he swallows it whole but shouldn’t the first question be why she had a ticket for Park Ha in her possession? Then why she didn’t try to get the lease to its rightful owner? Surely there would have been a name on it. Moving on…, The general tenor throughout is that of a mendacious line being put out by the Cameron Government to suggest that all was rigorously above board – when it clearly wasn’t. Jay asked about a meeting between James M and David Cameron at The George in Mayfair, where James told Cameron that The Sun would support the Conservatives. “This must have been welcome news to Cameron, wasn’t it?” says Jay. “Seemed that way,” acknowledges James., songs of the Reagan era., gifts for the 2011 Holidays. They are decorated with Christmas paper,, Bearing in mind that The Jerk and Enchanted did this sort of thing so much better, Elf is a fine fish-out-of-water comedy. Will Ferrell is amusing as Buddy, as is Caan as his father. Peter Dinklage is a highlight, whilst Zooey Deschanel is in this movie. I don't like watching Elf because Deschanel's scenes with Ferrell make me jealous. Everything else feels vaguely predictable but hard to dislike. Even Will Ferrell's now overdone screaming childishness fits the role. Individual scenes are enjoyable, such as Buddy's snowball warfare expertise and his interactions with Dinklage., I just really hope when we have kids people wont think I'm the babysitter! ugh, lips: dior addict extreme in incognito, Will Rose find true love or is it too late for her? Will she be able to live with the consequences of her choices? Did she have anything to do with 'The Silencing' of a family friend and neighbor? Rose's sister, Hen, found true love - but will she have to choose between her family & religion and her one true love? You have to read the book to find out., As a member of the Greek community at the University of Missouri, I pride myself on contributing to campus life and society through philanthropic events with sisters I have grown to love and respect. From the day I accepted a bid card, I became part of a larger group than myself, and quickly learned that the way I choose to represent myself also reflects the way I choose to represent my sorority., Your daddy and I had just arrived minutes before. I remember sitting, looking up at a clock, 2 am it read, while a nurse was asking me questions, and my throat hurting from thirst, her telling me "No, absolutely not! I could not have a drink, for I may vomit with the anesthesia and choke to death on the aspiration of water". That was no great concern at that moment; all I could focus my brain on was water, a drink., This representative added, “The biggest reason of the cancellation of today’s movie premiere is a data error. We decided to cancel the scheduled premiere, because we wanted to reveal the movie when it is perfect.”, Thanks for joining me for this weeks TMI Friday, Kids!, In two weeks, the cousins will get together to celebrate his life, share stories and open a bottle of three of wine to toast him - one Celebration of Life in Calgary and another in Toronto - with pictures and memories shared between the two to celebrate him and the impact he's had on us all., Obviously I was more profesional in my answers, on the phone and during the interview. It was really really great, i felt so good when i left my interview and i was super excited about that opportunity. He basically told me that he would let me know the next day what his plan was., SLEESTAKS:, d) childbirth, “Four hundred point swings in the market used to be pretty rare,” Hughes said. “We’re in for more of the same in the next year.”, Mind you, the commentariat hasn’t protested the evils of property confiscation so much as it has bemoaned the fact that the land ended up in the hands of Mugabe's cronies, rather than being redistributed “fairly” to all black Zimbabweans. The process “lacked transparency,” one pointy-head complained, as though theft, transparent or clandestine, is ever aboveboard., When Wojciech Szczesny broke both arms, how did he clean his “you-know-what” when he wanted to take a shite…?, Appropriate assistive technology applications are intended to decrease the functional limitations of a person with a disability, potential outcomes can include some of the following categories:Adaptive Play: This includes the use of commercially available battery operated toys/activities to allow young children and adults to experience control over their environment despite severe physical restrictions, motor control deficits and developmental disabilities.Switches: Single and potentially multiple switch access methods can allow the person with even the most severe disability to achieve control over many different aspects of their environment, including play, communication, education, environmental control, mobility, and perhaps employment.Environmental Controls: Devices and technologies (Electronic Aids) designed specifically to allow a person to experience better control of their environment can increase one's independence and ability to perform routine tasks.Augmentative and Alternative Communication (AAC): AAC includes any technology application that results in the improvement of a person's communication with individual, in-groups and even by way of telephone. AAC involves maximizing of specific language concepts and strategies to enable the non-verbal person to more actively interact with their environment.Sensory Disabilities: Many forms of assistive technology can enhance our sensory interactions by modifying the means by which information is received to accommodate our sensory limitation, or by re-routing the information to a form where other senses can be involved.Alternative Learning Strategies: Somewhat similar to sensory disabilities, alternative learning strategies can be developed for individuals with specific learning deficits. By capitalizing on the strengths of the individual, computer based adaptive learning hardware and software can enhance the overall learning experience.Adaptive Computer Access: Computers can be adapted through a variety of methods to enable alternative input control or output required by the person with a disability. These adaptations may be in the form of additional hardware, software, or a combination of the two. Most computer operating systems today allow for customization of the computer control process to accommodate nearly any special needs of the individual with a disability., *An active blog (post at least once weekly), The last book of the Bridgerton series was fantastic. It was a rollar coaster and you were not sure where the characters would go. I liked how Quinn starts off with the wedding leaving you too wonder what she will say., I suggested to take a ladder and try to get Arthur down. Which he did, cursing under his breath. when he had to go into the garden shed and take it out. It's amazing what Italians have a treasury of bad words ! And on top of it, it rather sounds nice not so ugly as when you are swearing in another language. Apparently dispite all efforts we were quiet noisy and suddenly some windows had opened and heads looked out. The scenery must have been worthwhile to look at. Mr. G in his pajama, buggering about with the ladder, me with the flashlight in my old T-shirt and both reasuring poor Arthur still singing in the tree., Kettle chips (Not all kettle chips are gluten free, I stick with the Kettle brand, it says gluten free right on the bag!), The weather here is beautiful today. The boys are back at school and kindy after a great few weeks holiday and some much needed family time., Signora da Vinci by Robin Maxwell., We knew pretty much how the song was going to end right from the start, the tricky part was building the progression of craziness leading up to that point. It was a challenge, but led to some fun conversations about exactly what we could have this guy do to a mannequin without crossing the proverbial line. If such a line exists in a song like this., P.S. I've always wanted to be a hero like you. I'm praying for you., Try try try to understand, * Northwestern University - Illinois (USA), Publisher: Simon & Schuster Books For Young Readers, As she planned my honeymoon, The key point being missed here is that – while New Democracy has cooperated with the Troika – its leadership is known to have major doubts about the austerity plan. New Democracy leader Antonis Samaras is widely distrusted in Brussels for this very reason; and as The Slog predicted over a fortnight ago, PASOK leader Venizelos has been leading calls for a compromise PM….unelected. Venizelos knows he’s going to be the big loser on May 6th, but being in the Troika’s pocket, he hopes to convince ND – and the voters – that an anti-Troika majority would be bad news. I wrote at the time:, God, I miss my dad. Sometimes, I have nightmares that he is alive and the only reason I don't see him is because we lost touch with each other. In my nightmare, my dad is living his life somewhere but I have no idea where. I feel so alone after these dreams and I grieve for him all over again., Rudeboy: Does your biggest fault match your biggest virtue?, Everyone who received a book was very appreciative and grateful. I'm afraid that we were not as successful as we'd hoped at reaching "reluctant" or "light" readers. A couple of self-admitted reluctant readers studied our selection and ended up leaving empty handed, saying that they already had enough books to read. I'm wondering if that was partly because all of our books were serious fiction and perhaps too literary for "light" readers. Now that I look at some of the other possibilities, I realize that our selections probably reflect our high-falutin' fiction preferences--perhaps not as appealing to those light readers. (We chose books that we'd read and loved.) If we'd been distributing The Hunger Games, perhaps even light readers would have been interested. (The Hunger Games was one of the choices, but of course it was the most popular!)<U+FEFF>, Dinners:, This terrible continuing cry lasted for 20 or 30 minutes, gradually dying away, as one after another could no longer withstand the cold and exposure. Practically no one was drowned, as no water was found in the lungs of those later recovered. Everyone had on a life preserver., I think I’ve done a pretty nice job embracing my long-neglected herb. Any suggestions for me? How do you spend your time with cilantro? If you happen to be one of the “haters,” I suggest trying this pesto. Studies say that crushing the leaves can rid of the soap aroma and lend a more mild taste. Then take it slow, one tastebud at a time, and develop your relationship from there. Love is patient, Love is kind., So, it has been a couple days since I have checked in. I have been soo busy…on the 9th of this month I will be going in to get surgery on my lower back (sigh) and I have been trying to get everything in order to prepare. Yesterday I went to my pre op appointment and then picked up my baby girl she was at her grandparents for four whole days! How I missed her, and she started to stand up on things so I missed that moment! Grrr Yes she does it all the time now so I get to see it, but it is not the same as the first time., 09 - Respect Me In The Morning 03:23, confession 5: I am lurving black and white pictures. just because., My lunch choices were, the lemonade again...because it's awesome... and a Chili Cheese Dog with a side of pasta salad...also made fresh. I think they use Nathan's hot dogs...that's what it tasted like, a quality beef dog...with soft poppy seed buns. Not the traditional Texas Chili taste, but a wonderful chili that almost tasted New Mexican and didn't leave that chili after-taste. It was really delicious., I must dream that I’m asleep, What all this means, of course, is not only that the ANC is not building a cultural hegemony over South African society but that it is quite impossible that it could do so. The test, remember, is whether the ANC's assumptions are voluntarily assented to even by its potential opponents so that they happily comply with no need for coercion. This is not a description of how any of the racial minorities think. Their attitude towards ANC rule is angry, mocking and entirely cynical., Brewed: 08-10-2007, They dance along behind him and they cry:, It’s so simple, yet one when I first heard it, wiped away all the excuses I used to make about why I couldn’t find time to write. Here it is:, I would definitely buy from Ulla Popken. They have great styles and I think they cater to all age groups. It is hard to find a plus sized store that offers quality and such stunning style!, The general had received an intelligence report detailing the location of a band of citizens who had squatted in a warehouse on the outskirts of Phoenix. His directive was to make contact and escort the group – approximately 50 in number – back to the closest assistance center., Preheat your waffle iron. Coat it lightly with nonstick spray or melted butter before each round of waffle cooking. (The original WIG recipe says not to do this, but I find my waffle iron works better if I do. Also, for this recipe, if the bananas poke through the batter, they tend to stick.) Ladle a thin layer of batter into the waffle iron. Arrange banana slices in a single layer on top of the batter. Don’t worry too much about how you arrange them–they are going to melt down anyway. I used half a banana for each waffle. Top the bananas with another thin layer of batter, creating a banana sandwich. I used about 1/4 cup of batter for each layer. Cook until crisp and golden. Serve hot, with maple syrup and any leftover banana slices., Thanks for stopping by and be sure to enter your tags in the challenge!, certain this little family has been a gift from God, and I, “India was the king in hockey when no one else knew hockey” – My class teacher, Mr. Devidas uttered these words when I was still in high school. India had failed to win an Olympic medal in hockey that year. These words echo in my ears whenever I see a Kabaddi match. We have been winning gold in Asian games ever since it was introduced and every other tournament where Kabaddi is introduced. A few other countries are catching up with this game and can one day assert supremacy over it. I would not like to hear someone say – “India was the king in Kabaddi when no one else knew Kabaddi!!”, Matt Harrison (2-0, 0.64 ERA):, Hope you all had a wonderful Spring Break!, Bright fractal patterns, Among the Nobel Prize winners supporting the Five are Wole Soyinka, Nadine Gordimer, Desmond Tutu, Rigoberta Menchú, Adolfo Pérez Esquivel, José Saramago, Harold Pinter, Zhores Alfiorov and Günter Grass. (PL), ellie...#1 i started blogging because i was always commenting on 2 blogs and it dawned on me that i was having fun and should start my own, My daughter also had her last basketball game of the season over the weekend. Unfortunately, her team never really learned how good winning can feel. They had a really rough season (only won one game in overtime). There were several games throughout the course of the season that were close games. They just weren’t able to close any other team out in the final period…but it didn’t matter., Follow us on the blog: StopAndScrap blog, and leave a comment on this blog. Leave comments on all the blogs above for more opportunities to win., ¨ Kara Louise, 06 You Said Something, Randy (5 years): Explaining to Randy that there were many different kinds of birds, and naming a few of them for him – robin, sparrow, blue jay – Randy interjected: “Don’t forget the Great Horned Owl!” (#80), Even the African-Americans and Jews who are themselves part of loud political groups advocating for some modern notion of “justice,” I would surmise, privately wince at specious conscriptions of their narratives. Thus, for example, have many African-Americans (and others) chafed at the blithe comparison of the modern gay rights movement to the 1960s civil rights movement. Gays “may want to cast their fight in civil-rights terms, and a lot of people are buying it. But not the faith community and especially not the black community,” says Bishop Harry Jackson, whose Hope Christian Church has a flock of 3,000 in the Washington, D.C. area., 2 interior, The comments of Azazi is nothing new because many people who are monitoring the activities of Boko Haram from a discreet distance including the writer have already made all these observations between the time of UN headquarterbombings and the Madalla Christmas Bombings. It was the frustrations at how government was footdragging on the issue of naming and exposing the sponsors of Boko Haram inside the PDP that led to the above article first published on the 2nd of February by thenigerianvoice.com.and by other media organisations. Azazi only reiterated what all informed sources including the PDP,CPC,ACN chieftains are aware of .By the time you are through you will understand that the ruling party actually has a syndrome of perpetual deception of which probably the Mountain of Fire Ministry (MFM) need to be contacted to conduct proper 21 day deliverance on them from the spirit of lies,pretentions and deception. Below is the replication of the article., Real quick post this morning...., of king james and uncle sam, The PACE trials are designed, created and performed by those who view ME/CFS as a consequence of wrong illness beliefs or deconditioning., Chair, Friends of Red Hill Valley, bumping into each other on a crowded subway, What will you do to rekindle this romance?, Sadly, on boxing day, we had to leave... Typically, on our return trip, newly re-loaded maps and new info on the GPS helped us to get somewhat lost. We had honestly done much better navigating by the seat of our pants on the way in!, Cessna in late March announced two agreements that involved joint ventures to build aircraft and expand other general aviation activities in China., Before I get to the point of this post, I'd also like to say that I don't think the words purity, modesty, virginity or morality have any valuable definition. Morality, purity and modesty are completely subjective - they change over time and depending on geographic location and culture. They mean something different to every person and every religion and I don't feel like they have any place in a conversation about sexuality or virginity. I don't think 'pure' or 'impure' is any way to define what we choose to do with our bodies, and I won't do it. I don't feel like virginity has any value by itself, either, but that's kind of the point of this entire post., Thanee punches his shoulder playfully. It still makes Mesdan wince. Seeing his expression Thaneen leans in close, enough that his forehead nearly touches Mesdan’s. “A tough man like you? You’ll be ready by tomorrow’s end,” he whispers. “Just wait and see.”, Black Joe remains an enigma, by design I’m sure. You’ll never read this (being anti-social media and all) but you’re the guy. Even more than Kiley 108, I’ve modeled how I manage on how you “managed” me. You let me make mistakes and learn from them. If not for the fate twisting recession you’d still be my boss. (In private I sometimes wish that were still the case.) There are many times throughout days that I could use your guidance or at least your advice. You surely understand that I can’t ask for it though. It’s my show now. Let it be said that you set a standard to which I judge myself in this firm – a standard that, I could certainly cling to my old ways, which would be so easy to do as we've chosen to live in an enclave where the familiar trappings and staples of our American lifestyle are readily accessible. But that would be illusory and unfair - to me, who has expounded at length about connecting with my heritage; to Mr. Noodle, who left behind his own family and all things familiar to pursue new opportunities on foreign shores for our benefit and happiness; and to this beautiful, colorful, vibrant country and culture that we are happy to now call home., Obama wrote another scene into his memoir to serve a dual purpose, exposing what he saw as a cultural gap with Genevieve. He described how his New York girlfriend finally persuaded him to go with her to the family’s country estate in Norfolk, in northwestern Connecticut, for a weekend., Come Undone, “But he doesn’t even know the fuckin’ words. Why would there be a hobby on your front door? It’s not even… a thing. It’s a fuckin’ abstract fuckin’ noun. And it’s fuckin’ April. AND HE’S FUCKIN’ WEARING SLIPPERS!”, Another week of fun ... time to say goodbye to Sam & Momma., This is how a direct tax is legally and Constitutionally collected. It is directly on you or something you own (inalienable property rights)., The worst thing about digital clocks is that many children do not know how to really read time. They learn on pre-school worksheets, struggling to draw the hour and minute hands properly, then promptly forget when there are no clocks in their everyday surroundings. My kids cannot read my watch with no numbers or lines on the face., Hi everybody. Sorry for my more prolonged absence from the Blog. I'm now back under this year's run of Chemotherapy, and still at work during the week. I had decided about 3 weeks back to answer a number of questions I have been receiving from you, with regards to my opinion of Brian Braddock's return to Marvel Comics in the pages of first Uncanny X-Force and then Secret Avengers. The plan had been an article on each, which would offer that. Unfortunately this proved somewhat overambitious for my energy levels at the time. So while I will be getting to those, as a prelude, I offer the following..., I caved in a while ago and got on some strong pain medication while we try and figure out What The Hell is Wrong With Me. Besides all the stuff we know is wrong with me by reading the lunacy you see here within these pages on a semi-regular basis., I'm not sure what the tallish plant is. It was a volunteer in a different bed, and I didn't want it there, so here it is. It is about to bloom, so hopefully, I'll be able to tell then. The yarrow and amsonia hubrichtii are from another part of the yard., We need to find a shipping company., 3. - KidsAstronomy - As the name implies, KidsAstronomy.com is an astronomy site for kids. The site offers a free astronomy course, sky map, astronomy games, activities, fun facts, and other resources to educate kids about outer space., An antioxidant neutralizes the pollution of metabolism. Remember, metabolism is the way your body converts food into energy. Cancer is like a sponge soaking up all available energy and producing massive amounts of pollution. This toxic waste damages the DNA so it makes less energy for you. Some of this DNA damage is permanent; some DNA damage is repairable. DNA-specific antioxidants facilitate repair and economize every molecule of energy to make the most of it., I came across this the other day ..., Hope you photography enthusiasts out there try these out! You’ll be glad you did. :), Thank you to everyone who left a comment about the HP Photosmart Wireless Printer! Here's the random winner....., Yet another shared experience life throws at us to shape the hand we’ll play. With this new element, those who were confident before will either become more so or be shaken into a newly found uncertainty. Those who bluff will either come to terms with what they lack and quit or continue to fraud even harder, so caught up in their own deceptions . Me? I think I think my hand just got a little better, a little closer to what I’ve been hoping for. Now how I parlay this into my move is important. And therein lies my dilemma, for while I may have something, my hand isn’t quite complete yet., She opens every show with something dramatic, like “Breaking News tonight” and then she says, “Live from Tucson, Arizona.”, “THIS IS THE POLICE!” I bellowed., Total Praise- from Jacksonville, FL, I have saved fabric ribbon for decades and finally found a use for this lovely pink/mauve ribbon I received on a Christmas package. I used it as an area for holding needles. Eventually the bottom of the case will have some magnetic strips-- also used for holding needles. All in all this was a fun project and I will definitely be making more!, Ink: Bashful Blue, Wild Wasabi, Rose Red, Tickets for the beerfest are available online or by calling the Armory Box Office. Tickets are $35 in advance, $40 day of event. Designated driver tickets are $5.00 and available at the door. Beer friendly food will be available, a la carte, from Dinosaur Bar-B-Que, Bayou Café and Armory Caterers., Complementary 2 rounds at Mini Golf, Information about Military OneSource is located at http://www.militaryonesource.com or by dialing the toll-free number 1-800-342-9647 for those residing in the continental United States. Overseas personnel should refer to the Military OneSource website for dialing instructions for their specific location., Democracy is prefereble to any other kind of government:, And let my little light shine”, A Quiet House--Older boys are outside, and the little boys are playing quietly., moment. Water filled the moat, and I heard laughter from a bungalow perched, And now my nominees! (I apologise if any of you have already received it), A dwarf is a dwarf. A midget is a midget., used both vintage and craft buttons on these. the stamp set is from Papertrey Ink called button boutique. and then there is a few other odd sentiments added from the die cuts pre stamped pile ( happy anniversary A Muse ) but, for the most part they are on the generic side., 3) I know nothing about music. My taste in music is similar to my general pool of knowledge; I know a little bit about a lot of things. Meaning that my itunes probably has 3,000 songs from 2,000 bands across all genres. And I like those songs, but see no need to have the whole albums., It is Friday night and this is what you do in Hong Kong. Work hard (well not E@L so much, great job even then), play like an alcoholic., 3) Protein Stretch (Higher protein and cardio), I mentioned this to Mimi yesterday and felt I would share... She had mentioned that I was so "stinkin' busy" and yeah, I guess I was/is/whatev. But now that the wedding is past, I've realized how neglected our house had become. Every spare minute was to make that day special and it had nothing to do with our house, so that fell by the wayside., I’m addressing the subject briefly; these talks will go into depth., of beggars, and here you stand. heart, One of our most popular blog posts ever was one featuring a boarding pass invitation suite. We also created an adorable Jamaica map for the couple, so we thought it would be fun to share the photos from the wedding itself!, The process for obtaining permanent residence based on marriage to a U.S. citizen when the foreign spouse is overseas is composed of two phases: (1) the I-130 visa petition; and (2) the immigrant visa application and consular interview., How not to look at changing rosters, Besides maybe the nut who thought an elephant was bigger than the moon that I posted on my wall., As all this madness does unfold, Investigators say Joly had sunglasses and a scarf with her., The Book of Kells dates to the 9th century Ireland. It is also known as the Book of Columba, who was a monk in the 6th century that taught the Gospel in Ireland and Scotland. The Lindisfarne Gospels dates to the 8th century England and are attributed to a monk named Eadfrith who was bishop of Lindisfarne. Both are famous illuminated manuscripts and examples of how Sacred Scripture was preserved through the early middle ages., After more than five years in the pipeline, Mozilla Labs and the Rust community have released the first alpha — version 0.1 — of the Rust programming language compiler., Compatible with other Bluetooth enabled devices, Most of us nowadays tend to regard courthouses as places to flee after wriggling out of jury duty, but in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries they were the elaborate brick and stone manifestations of a community’s highest ideals about itself. In most county seats the courthouses occupied pride of place in the center of town, but in Austin the State Capitol naturally took center stage, while the Travis County Courthouses have been erected seemingly at random all over downtown., Don't forget to sign up for their daily newsletter - this gives you tips and tricks to using the product as well as great layout examples. It also reminds you to download the "free" item of the day. That's right "FREE" items!!!, Not long after, a box showed up on my doorstep. Printed on the side, the wonderful ORM-D signal of fun ahead!, While I appreciate that the Daily Mail sifts the Internet daily for news pieces that will confirm to its readers that Muslims are all book-burning, wife-incarcerating, turban-wearing lunatics, and while I appreciate that this item is particularly attractive because of its salaciousness, if Lee Moran had troubled himself to do a little bit of research beyond translating an op-ed and a TV talking head, he would have discovered that in fact, a draft law to allow men to bonk their deceased wives does not exist. This may seem remarkable, given that Egyptians (i.e. scary mooslems) revolted in 2011 for PRECISELY this right, but there we are.If Mr Moran's googling had been more thorough he would have discovered that this rumour was started by a local wacko who, alas, has a public platform by virtue of the fact that he owns a satellite channel.This is what seems to be the timeline:, I like In the Line of Fire. As far as action movies go, it is right up there with the original Lethal Weapon in terms of intelligence and entertainment value. I highly recommend it. The only thing that keeps me from giving the movie a higher rating is the implausibility of the romance between Raines and Horrigan and the fact Horrigan is well passed mandatory retirement age for field agents in the Secret Service. The movie is good enough for that not ruin it for me., I never write a blog directly from my head… there is always a blended flow of energy happening within me. Nothing felt blended. I just felt awake at an ungodly hour of the morning!!, I fractured two bones in my foot earlier this year and it had been a VERY slow healing injury. The upstairs in our home is designated as Nevaeh Land. It is our daughter's area. She has a den, her bedroom and her own bathroom. My husband has kept me from going up and down the stairs (before you go thinking that he is so sweet and thoughtful, which he is, let it be noted that those very stairs are the culprit behind the fractured foot!) So, I had been completely and blessedly kept in the dark as to how BAD these areas had gotten during my recovery period. This week the foot felt so much better that I made the trip up to check out the damage. I felt like FEMA going in. I went into this state of emergency..quickly assessed the damage...and came out shaking my head and wondering to whom I would petition to come to my aide., It’s going to be real. It’s going to be surreal. It’s going to be a little scary. But in a good way. I’m going to find his love, and him mine. We walk hand in hand and jump into each others arms… into a world unknown., The journey is only beginning. The bleeding needs to stop. I know I am not alone. God is there at our side, journeying with us, sustaining us through the gifts of friends, the prayers of strangers. I am looking forward to Shaun's mum arriving on Tuesday. Hoping that his sister can come later too. Will keep you posted!, In time of war or other national emergency, the Congress may by law authorize the President, for a limited period and subject to such restrictions as it may prescribe, to promulgate rules and regulations to carry our a declared national policy. (Section 26, Article VI, Constitution.), As someone who has been in education most of my life, and as I hope to inspire a group of activists through my behavior and my blog, I am curious to see what Millennials think of their own generation and of our world currently. Today I had the chance to speak with a former student of mine, Maria Khan. She inspired me and I guarantee her interview will inspire you., Whether it is in person, over the phone make sure to always have a proper consultation so you can get a feel for the plastic surgeon’s personality and practice. You want to make sure you feel comfortable working with them before you decide to pull the trigger on your plastic surgery. Your surgical plan involves more than just your “wish list”. Your lifestyle, family, career, and surgical goals all contribute to your surgical plan and there are no one-size-fits-all surgical plans. Make sure these items are discussed and considered when designing the perfect plan for you., Warm your oven. While it is warming, take the mixer bowl off the mixer, dust the top of the dough with all-purpose flour and seal tightly with plastic wrap. Turn off the oven and place the bowl in it. Let the dough rise until it is about doubled, about half an hour., Mankind’s brain power has reached its peak and it is physically impossible for us to become any smarter, they say., "...It was a house frequented by old men who could no longer use women as women: but Eguchi, on his third visit, knew that to sleep with such a girl was a fleeting consolation, the pursuit of a vanished happiness in being alive. And where there among them old men who secretly asked to sleep forever beside a girl who had been put to sleep? There seemed to be a sadness in a young girl's body that called up in an old man a longing for death., We ought therefore to learn to pray aright, so as to be sure of answer., “East” refers to the dawn, sunrise, morning. Hence if pagans wished to worship a goddess of sunrise, it was fitting for the pagans to name their goddess after the word “east”. But Christians also had reason to use the word “east” to describe the day of their Savior’s resurrection. Consider the following passages concerning Christ’s resurrection:, Today was a work day at my school for the summer enrichment program. I decided to work the four weeks this summer to earn some extra cash for much needed furniture for our house. Our couches and mattress need to be replaced. They are the oldest pieces that we have that are not antiques! Crab t shirt-Sam's, Off White Reclaim by Caromal Colours., (Jan 4) Heavy rains in Brazil’s southeastern state of Minas Gerais have caused severe flooding and left at least seven dead, three missing and some 10,000 homeless. A total of 66 towns cities in Minas Gerais state have declared a state of emergency. (Source), “Haywire?”, Lloyd Cole & The Commotions Perfect skin UK, But I'm never frustrated for long because my kids are spilling over with something awesome: a love of the family meal and the feeling that the kitchen is the coolest place to be in the house., Prep Time: 20 min, First spot to go was on my hip. Didn’t feel a thing. I got an enormous bandage that sort of looked like perhaps a rabid animal had bitten me. Maybe even a shark. I was an enormous baby by the end of the first day. But, the following day it was fine. I removed the giant bandage and replaced it with a little teeny one. I skipped the gym for a few days, haven’t been swimming in 2 weeks and have been going through hydrogen peroxide like it’s going out of style., In years gone by, the site of vortices spiralling from wing tips was seen as a good thing, as the belief that the wing is working hard. To some extent this was correct, with a simple wing the fact that it can create visible vortices did prove the wing was highly loaded. However the drag that it created was less well understood. Since the early 2000’s teams have sought to reduce this pressure difference at the wing tip, in order to reduce drag. Several solutions have been tried to alleviate the pressure differences at the wingtip., “Our usual method of posting trial outcomes on our website wasn’t generating much interest,” said clerk Eric Stern. “Alito’s muttering had over a million hits on YouTube alone, and we’re thinking that’s publicity you can’t put a price on.”, Here he is just last weekend as dad was doing the yardwork. Ever tried to snap a pic of a walking baby??? And he doesn’t like to hold my hand while he’s walking. He wants to do it on his own, thankyouverymuch!, AmyOops tagged me today., And my head wants to explode., Poster #3: Blade Runner. This is the one that I have the most reservations about. There isn’t really any specific image or object associated with this film. At least, not in the way the derby is with Clockwork Orange, or the lens of HAL is with 2001., When the Spanish ships came toward shore, native people were waiting and watching to see how it would go. The billowing sails of the ships did indeed remind the scouts of butterflies skimming the ocean surface. In this manner was a new era initiated, an era they had anticipated through their calendars., 2 onions, Ink: Luck Limeade, Melon Mambo, The first, and one of the most frightening, came almost immediately upon my return home. My friends and I were lined up outside of a circus tent, waiting to see the sideshow. An old fashioned and grotesque carnival barker captured my attention, shouting offers to show me my future in perfect detail. I excused myself from the line I was in and approached the barker, paying him the two-dollar fee. He led me to another smaller tent around back and pushed me through the entrance., 1. Donations. For college students in particular, Aashika points out that since we have the highest disposable income, donations is one way for students to become more involved. She suggests furthermore to direct these proceeds towards demand-reduction programs, which focus on combating human trafficking by curbing the demand for exploited victims. She adds, however, that it is not so easy to donate to good organizations, and therefore “would be the last way we expect people to get involved.” Above all else, Aashika asserts that money is not the biggest issue preventing anti-trafficking movements from harnessing the appropriate power. Rather, it is the fact that we don’t have the culture to combat these issues., Four Assigned Parking Garage Spaces, - for example, the complaint about the abolition of slavery and the process of compensation for a long time went unexamined and was repeated innumerable times as a factor in the trek (by both friends and critics)., So here's a quick recap of our weekend according to Anayah:, I remember being 3, almost 4, and living in North Carolina for a few months while my dad was on temporary assignment with his work., So, in honour of such an excellent day, I’m going to share a few fun facts about the films and their making. I’m sure most of you awesome people out there will already know them, but it’s for the good of the many., A traditional summer drink which we often prepare at home any time a year., I know that the shimmer in these blushes looks a bit severe in photos, but it is not over the top once you have it on. It adds a nice glow without making you look frosty or glittery. The pigmentation of these blushes are great; the texture is a touch powdery when you apply it and your palette will get a bit messy, but in the end it is worth it as these apply quite nicely., Alleged violence, So, going forward, you will probably see a lot more posts from me about cooking. Fast meals, simple meals, healthy meals, my favorite meals, weekend meals, etc. And as I cook things for Ross and I, I'll try to remember to take pictures and share them with you on here. I know I am always looking for new, yummy recipes and helpful hints, so hopefully I can share some of my cooking wisdom with y'all!, Greetings from your blogger deprived of decent internet for several weeks and now back to the wonders of broadband! I hope you've all had a great summer (for those in the UK, in spite of the weather!). I've spent several weeks in my beloved homeland of Wales, and this year the internet via the dongle has been worse than ever up the mountain, I don't know why - the weather hasn't been bad ALL the time, but the connection certainly has: maybe the signal strength is the same as it was but more people on those lovely heather-covered mountains are trying to use it at the same time., So, altogether we've been a couple for 52 years., My 6th grade artists have just completed their coil making adventure. I explained that when I was in college we had a coil building contest on one of the very first days of my Ceramics class and we had to work in teams to see who could make the longest coil all the way across our clay studio in SUNY New Paltz. It was a busy and fun day! My students have been busy making coils of their very own and putting those to good use., Several years ago, when The OC was first on our screens, after a couple of episodes which seemed to feature the bagel cutter in operation, we did the same. My sons both requested a bagel cutter (at that time they were not available from Amazon) and we decided to ask my husband to buy one on a trip to the States., They precede a breathtaking raven-haired lady whose face is hidden by a veil. She advances with slow and sacral steps. Besides her hair I can only see her snow-white forehead and shiny sea-green eyes., decided to burn say a bible no let's make it a truck load would those, Unfortunately, their tendency has been NOT to surrender, and we cannot expect they will. Additional destruction may be required. There is evidence suggesting they are still planning further moves, as I will discuss., The itinerary will encompass Visby and Gotland, Stockholm (I've lived there but it should be nice to return to some of my favourite haunts with a digital camera), Helsinki, St.Petersburg, Tallinn (which was known as Reval until WW2), Riga, Klaipeda / Nida (Lithuania) and Gdansk with a tour to Marienburg Castle. And time enough at every stop to really explore the towns., I placed the split-open trotters skin side down onto a bed of aromatics (carrots, onion, leek, bay leaf, thyme sprigs, parsley) and mirepoix (carrots, leeks, onions), then covered them with more vegetables. I added chicken stock and water to cover them, put the lid on the pot, and brought it to a simmer:, When there's 'ardly no day nor 'ardly no night, I had three dream fragments that were about three things, but I only remember that two of the things involved a presentation/or something like that would be used with the second thing to create a distraction/or something like that; but that is all that I can remember, and these three things appeared in some of my later dreams., Like a lot of things in my life, I don't really know what the fate of this blog will be. I suspect I'll pop in from time to time, consider removing it from public view altogether, and then just leaving it alone out of a sense of the bits of connection it has offered in my life. I'm going to add it to my list of things that sort of suck. It's not the most terrible thing that could exist, not by a long shot. Nor is it grand. It's somewhere in the middle, sort of sucking., technology propulsion system for use in high power electric locomotives., In the pamphlets there is a story about a little boy who has had three relapses and everyone he fights and comes back from. His spirit is so inspiring it just makes me want to give and give until I can’t give anymore. Then reality settles in and even though I would gladly give everything I own to help a child not suffer, I cannot do that, nor do I expect anyone else to do that. But I can give a little bit, I can and have offered to have my head shaved, to have people sponsor me for this event, but also I am going to give some money as well. I am not well off, I don’t know many people who are well off, but I know I can give at least one dollar and I am going to give at least that., God's love endureth forever <U+2015>, It all begins with a stupid question:, She walks forward, more on impulse that anything else, her defense mechanisms seemingly silenced. Defenses. She looks down at her own bare skin and notes that she is no longer covered in sores or seeping pores. She is still naked, but no longer feels the slight chill that even her Manusan physiognomy was finding uncomfortable. Interestingly, her own skin has a reddish tinge in this light, and she wonders if the woman truly is red herself, or if it’s just a trick of the light., Soon to come, my hierarchy of needs focusing on health & fitness., Her tresses have blackened and embers fade, Task 3: set up blog. Tick., WS: If you’re writing about high-level armed robbery in the U.S., Lufthansa is certainly the high-water mark. Six guys walked into the Lufthansa cargo terminal at JFK and – without firing a shot – walked out with between $5-$10 million in untraceable cash (no one ever knew for sure how much). At the time, it was the largest cash robbery ever on American soil, and very little of the money – only about $30,000 – was ever recovered. However, within a few months afterward, almost all the principals had been murdered, because the bosses found it was cheaper and easier to kill them than pay them their share., 1. Stouffer's Spinach Souffle, The blessed life of right-relatedness with God became a cursed life as people discovered what happens when God honours their choice to live without God., My story recommendation of the week is for "The Man Who Bridged the Mist" by Kij Johnson, cover story of the October/November issue of Asimov's Science Fiction (cover by Paul Youll)., -Layne, March 24 Shank Hall, Milwaukee WI, I just wish the Government would realise that comprehensive education is under-performing. The abolition of grammar schools was, in my opinion, the single worst decision made my any Government regarding education and this needs to be remedied if the next generation are going to receive the education they deserve and are entitled to., -paids posts, text links,etc, We'll just start off my parents' visit with this little window into their vacation. LOL, Dear Writer,, He told her he was ready to go, 2 TBLS fermented fish sauce (nam pla), Or checking out?, In life, we come across mountains. They are challenges that face us. Often we want to go the easy way, but eventually, we will find ourselves stuck. We have to climb if we want to move on. We are living in a world that is marred, and deep inside, we long for something perfect, something glorious, something beyond words. If we stay in the valley, we will die, because that’s not where we belong. We have to keep pushing on, and at each mountaintop, we sometimes catch a glimpse of the the paradise that we are searching for. If we follow the right road, somewhere, beyond the mountains, we will find our home., These photographs are just a flashback from parts of north India where I grew up. Wonder how many ancient art forms, traditional trades, instruments and local delicacies are slipping away into an unknown abyss never to be found again., You can also breakdown the styles to their parts. I wish I had had this book back when I did my posting on two-toned hair through the 20th century., About your question in your blog… “Where did the universe come from?” the answer is God., I won't be going home straight after birth and I do remember the, I went back to my bed room., Seriously people? Why? Thats so stupid and counterintuitive! Stupid, Stupid, Stupid. I blame America., “Oh no, I wasn’t embarrassed! I looked just fine! It’s kind of entertaining.”, Women., Fish buried: 1 (poor Theo, he has been lounging around in Crazy Redhead and Sunglasses' freezer for over a month now.), Oh, and then do the same with your query and manuscript!, If true, I point out, he is overturning 2,000 years of Christian history. But he doesn’t even blink over his teacup. He’s either a very cool, calculating chancer, single-mindedly out to make a quick buck with an eye-catching theory that caters for gullible readers of the likes of The Holy Blood and The Holy Grail or Erich von Daniken’s Chariots of the Gods, or he’s absolutely sincere. “I am an art historian,” he responds calmly, “not a theologian, so I can approach the problem from a new angle.”, Pantone Executive Director Leatrice Eiseman is quoted as saying that “the colour of the year is chosen thoughtfully with the mood of the country in mind and what people are looking for … world events and the arts are pulse points for those involved in the colour industries.” This is much like fashion forecasters being asked to predict this seasons fashion trends and colours. It sounds like a pretty cool job to have…. I’d probably pick black though, damn architecture firm clouding my fashion-sense., But the first serious bit of effort comes quick: the small hill that comes up from Mohammed Sultan to River Valley Rd. Know it? Maybe 200m of mild incline, perhaps 5deg. Not much, but it's nearly enough to have him clutching as his chest, screaming for a Code Blue! E@L's calves are burning just a bit more now as he treads firmly, refusing to slow down (he's walking at snail's pace orredy lah!), keeping that old ticker, um, ticking over, when..., I know, I know, I missed Valentine's Day so why the look backwards?, Personalized check-in & check-out, As agents, we have to be grabbed by the very first page of a writer's manuscript. And that manuscript has to continue holding onto us all the way to the end., When Peace was far away—, Episode 20 "Hiruko against two kunoichi", But it could be Obama's last poll bounce of 2012., How can you ever run out of ideas when you have a food blog?, This review will likely contain spoilers from the first book in the trilogy, so if you haven't read it then please stop reading now. Unless, of course, you don't mind spoilers. You can read my review of the first book, The Ivy, here., When you first hear the word six, what thoughts come to mind? Take a moment and think of three words that you associate with the number six. (Understanding the numerology of the Tarot is as easy as understanding your own personal associations with numbers.), The day of filming was quite exciting. The Trinity Center, our multi-purpose building just across from the sorting building, was used for wardrobe, make-up and craft services. In addition to the actors and extras present for the scene filmed, actors Robert Duvall (Robert E. Lee) and Stephen Lang (Stonewall Jackson) visited the set. A surprise guest, Ted Turner, was also present during the shoot., Bear in mind that my husband rarely listens to country music, and even less so listens to Thompson Square., This enlarged bed officially became ‘the Polyantha bed’ today when I moved ‘Leonie Lamesch’ out of her pot to a permanent home. She’s on the left in front of the blue pot. I bought her to grow in the purple pot. Then I heard rumors that she was not a petite Polyantha but a rather robust girl that could get to be six feet tall and across. She’s well on her way. The blue pot is where ‘Polonaise’ is staying until she moves next door to SdlM., According to the Yorkshire Evening Post, the shop owners were told the centre had become 'unviable'. Some said they had been given until January 14 to move out and those with longer contracts had until May., There is sorrow enough in the natural way, The boys behind the bar are a frenzy of activity, shaking those cocktail shakers like their lives depended on it., I've read a couple of these books now. Titanic, which was ok. And Pompei, which didn't inspire me enough to actually blog about it. But you can check out the Wondrous Words it inspired. Twice. Neither of those was a Royal story, and of course I'm quite interested in France, so was interested to try Marie Antoinette. Although of course, Marie Antoinette was actually Austrian, not French., A few pictures below . . ., Marie and the B team, 1.full trust; belief in the powers, trustworthiness, or reliability of a person or thing: We have every confidence in their ability to succeed., Luke Kuechly, LB, Boston College, Another suggestion would be to try an espadrille flat. These come in a variety of colors and styles like what you see above. I found that most of these styles were by Naturalizer for $59 via zappos.com, We're always delighted here at Eccentric Roadside when a community goes to great pains to save a classic roadside icon that could have just as easily been dumped in the eccentric roadside boneyard. Such is the case with Salty the Seahorse, who for years was much loved by the good folks of the pleasant south Massachusetts coast town of Mattapoisett. In the mid-1950s, a Mr. Henry Dunseith had his home and a gift shop on a plot of land on busy Route 6. To bring some attention to his business, he had a 38-foot seahorse erected on his land by a Mr. Theodore Tetreault. The seahorse became a beloved landmark of locals and tourists alike and when Mr. Dunseith passed away in 1988, he willed his 3 and a half acres of land, his buildings and the seahorse to the Mattapoisett Land Trust. The buildings were too dilapidated to restore and they were razed. The notion of doing away with the seahorse was considered, too, but local fans intervened and instead it got a makeover, to go along with the efforts of local garden club members, arborists and Boy Scouts who turned Mr. Dunseith's land into a beautiful playground, picnic area and nature area. The land is on the busiest intersection in town and a fortune could have been made by selling the land to a fast food chain or muffler shop, but the Land Trust stuck to Mr. Dunseith's wishes and a beautiful, quirky and unique park sits there today, reminding passers by of Mattapoisett's nostalgic tourist past (good on you, Land Trust). The park was dedicated in 2000 and a contest was held to name the seahorse-with-no-name (I think I've been through the desert on one of those). Salty was chosen and that's how he's known today (thank you, Gerry Rosser). An especially cool feature of the park are the remains of what must have been a mini-golf course, including a star-spangled buoy, wooden bridge and other loony-link hazards, now overtaken with grass, making it a nice, quirky homage to its retro road attraction past. Of course, you may want to take that with a grain of Salty., Ten years of exchanging, 'Morning!' in the university carpark. The odd conversation at various annual events. There may've been one dance at a Christmas party once, or was that a dream?, We’ve Done it A Lot…, The Great Eastern Shipping Sells Jag Lakshya Tanker 14, At the time, I was full throttle into a walking program of my own design: I would walk for 45 minutes, 5 times a week, and I ended up going a couple of years without ever skipping a walk. Most of the walks were done immediately after work, which served the double purpose of getting some exerciseandclearing my head after long, stressful days at the office. I wasn’t pairing my exercise with any sort of healthy eating – I was eating tons of junk food, and although I wasn’t weighing myself, I’m fairly certain, looking back, that my weight loss was minimal, if any., He would delight in making ironic use of the jargon of advertising and PR, and mocking the construction (and indeed constriction) of the human being as primarily a consumer and of the measurement of human progress primarily by economic indicators. And he would love to stand on the elevators of the Tube stations of London, looking at the vast array of human types from all around the world before him and listening to the sounds and stresses of their English and thinking of the images and transcriptions that would make them live again in his work., April 20, 2012, Because I have only a few more spots to fill the first there will be something extra for each of those that take the open spots!!, Sweet Evil is a study in many things: love, fear, evil, good, and ultimately, what a person's soul is worth. There were a few moments when I feared it would stray into a territory too religious for my tastes (though if it had, I couldn't fault the author!) but Wendy Higgins managed to infuse Sweet Evil with a sense of spirituality, and something else: hope. Even in a story that, at times, was dark and things seemed hopeless and inevitable for Anna, somehow, the darkness never quite overcame the light. Sweet Evil isn't preachy, and I think a lot of people tend to see books as either religious or not - a spiritual tone gets lost in the mass labeling. But Wendy Higgins knows when and where to use that approach, and how to do it right, and make it all seem fitting, and more of a "good versus evil" approach. There are times when Anna prays, and other such religious mentions, but none of it is ever over-done, or handled poorly; if anything, it is lovingly done, which really impressed me, to have all that going on there, kind of battling the dark., Caroline - 57, on the Kindle, Our governments are the appointed puppets, and if they do not produce the required results in a prescribed time, they will be GIVEN the power to get real nasty. Pay your taxes and obey their stupid laws as far as possible. But whatever you do, don’t follow their wicked ways, don’t surrender your firearms, and don’t rely on their support for your spiritual growth or your survival. Be your own entrepreneur!, He tells his manager to hurry and prepare to go back. “I need to go and confirm it!”, so fun!, The flood in my head took my breath away and brought hot tears to my eyes., 3. Roll' Em (Williams), Because so many of us are psychologically and emotionally disabled, we may relate to the category of the “oppressed”. But even there we attempt to avoid coming to the realization that our problems with oppression are more spiritual than emotional or psychological., I’m not really a fan of movie art books. In fact I own a grand total of zero, but I am quite impressed by the visuals on this film. Enough to make this art-book a definite possibility., When we got to the turning for Grove Park Station, we decided to carry on for a little bit, in order to reduce our mileage for the next section when we do it. It was mainly road walking, and we passed the grand building that was formerly Grove Park Hospital, and is now a residential building., If you know where the digi came from, please post a comment letting me and anyone else who may read the comments, know who this adorable little bear belongs to., We are asking our Give a Blessing friends to stand with us, arm and arm, as we raise awareness and funds for the Hoffman Family. They are in need of our prayers, our support and our love., Perhaps I should just free myself of any notion that my family history is mine to write and just get on with telling stories? In truth, we can't own our ancestors' personal histories anymore than we can hold a handful of the sea. It is common land rather than our own enclosed estate. Another favourite BBC programme, QI, brought this home to me with the question, who on the panel of four was a direct descendent of Charlemagne? Jo Brand was the answer, but then it was explained that anyone with a European heritage is statistically related to everyone in Charlemagne's generation (8th century if you are interested). That means you (if you have this parentage) can claim alliance to all the greats - Alfred is yours, but so is Merlin, King Arthur, Eric Bloodaxe and anyone involved in the construction of stonehenge., He didn’t write a lenghty cs or give me an estimate of intensives to handle it or tell me I should start this or that auditing and it will handle it or send me to ethics or whatever, he didn’t frantically take his e-meter and look for reads about those problems. No he didn’t do that !, Toussaint L’Ouverture., But it is going to start doing so now, under Obama and the Democrats in Congress. They could care less about the Constitution, or about the consequences of radically expanding already massive government bureaucracies., Per serving: 108 cal., 3 g fat, no fiber info given, about 2 WW pts, Jonsi: It's quite weird because we haven't played together as a live band for nearly four years now, so we're just starting to look at which songs we want to play live. We've a lot of songs to go through so it may get a bit confusing! Of course it's fun for us too, because there are some songs that we haven't played for a long time that may reappear on this tour, whereas some we won't touch. I don't know. What songs would you like to hear?, I was a terrible student when I was younger. Never a bad kid -- didn't do drugs or hang with the bad crowd or mouth off, was just really quiet. I ignored school and read/wrote in the back of the class, needing both an outlet and escape from the hell of my life. I never studied EVER. It's amazing that I actually did do well in some classes. Because I never studied, I did horribly in math but excelled in English, but the math deficiency weighed heavily on me., Tomorrow, I will bake cupcakes and buy balloons. All of the Weasels will pile into the minivan and we will head to the cemetery for a somber birthday celebration, as we hold tight the gifts that Claire left behind for us. Gifts that were tools that carried us through the worst of times; Love, Hope and Joy., When Krishna and Balarama leave Mathura, they go to Dwaraka, an area that Revati inherits from her father and which Balarama helps his father-in-law defend., See, problems are not there because somehow we are bad people. Problems are there because they are the result of decisions we have made so often without realising it; they will create the same result. Problems are there because of things like the lack of discipline, habits, attitudes and the list goes on. To solve some problems you may have to change your attitude or enter into a place of discipline. You have to change fundamentally from who you are to who you should be., George Duke - keyboards, synthesizer, vocals, I hate it when that happens!, But every work of art, divine or diabolic, has one indispensable mark — I mean, that the centre of it is simple, however much the fulfilment may be complicated. Thus, in Hamlet, let us say, the grotesqueness of the grave-digger, the flowers of the mad girl, the fantastic finery of Osric, the pallor of the ghost and the grin of the skull are all oddities in a sort of tangled wreath round one plain tragic figure of a man in black., And now… a bit of irony as reported by Rollonfriday.com…, Belly fat defined "Belly fat or abdominal fat," according to Dr. Francisco Lopez of the Mayo Clinic, "is defined as having more than 40 inches of waist circumference for men and more than 35 inches for women." So if you have accumulated too much abdominal fat beware!, Do you remember these books? Did your family have a favorite?, Can color be just a effective in small doses?, Potato, egg, cheese and jalapeno bkfst. taco with pico de gallo. Heaven on freakin' Earth., -”A woman’s soul is as harmonious as a river’s ripple .You must find out what you did to disturb it son, and appease her.”, My machine does not have any problem quilting with this combination of threads. I was surprised that I didn’t have to do a little adjustment on the tension to keep black dots of thread from showing on the back and gold colored dots showing on the top but will take the gift of perfect tension anytime.The little 1” gold border was first quilted with end to end leaves with a medium tan polyester embroidery thread in the top and the same gold Bottom Line thread in the bottom. I marked the outside of the leaf shapes with one of those mechanical chalk pencils by Fons and Porter using white chalk lead. It brushes off easily so use it a lot, plus it makes a skinny line.Since I heavily quilted the rest of the quilt I felt this narrow border needed more quilting too so added another line of quilting with gold thread to match the fabric. As you can see I echo quilted close to the leaf and just made circle loops to fill in the space. It flattens the border without mudding the leaf design too much., Petty it may seemed to us grown-ups but its one big deal for a 6 years old who worked so hard at earning that diploma., of some cheer with these, On Sunday we left the frills behind and headed off to the woods. Alfie Blue went to cosy up with the grandparents in his new Cone of Shame. Poor boy keeps chewing his hip until it bleeds so he needed a lampshade to sort him out. He seems fine with it on and best of all it means he can't lick his feet which he does literally ALL DAY (it drives me insane that gulpy wet lickety spit noise)., Film summary: Once upon a time… or maybe twice, there was an unearthly paradise called Pepperland, a place where happiness and music reigned supreme. But all that was threatened when the terrible Blue Meanies declared war and sent in their army led by a menacing Flying Glove to destroy all that was good. Enter John, Paul, George and Ringo to save the day! Armed with little more than their humour, songs, and of course, their yellow submarine, The Beatles tackle the rough seas ahead in an effort to bring down the evil forces of bluedom., I know the loud mouth was just trying to intimidate the other team, but the Holy Spirit quickened in me how the devil does the same thing to us Christians. He’s trying to distract us to lose our focus., 2 cups Gluten Free Pancake/Waffle Mix (I used King Arthur brand), It seems that Hone's strengths as mayor came as a direct extension of his role as New York's social network king. He's as known as much for his parties as for his policies. The introduction to his diaries doesn't even bother to disguise this: "Mr. Hone represented the city socially as well as politically. He entertained officially; and visiting strangers during his term enjoyed a hospitality which reflected credit upon the whole community.", Recently, my husband, the Amazing Bob, and I went to London. From Geneva, it’s an hour-long flight, followed by an eternity stuck in rush-hour traffic. Yet as our voluptuous British taxi jerked and crawled through the streets, we were dazzled. Before us stood Buckingham Palace., I don’t want to be depressed, so I’ll get around to why I’m writing this post: my month-0ld nephew. He’s technically my cousin, but since he’ll be calling me Uncle Jon – and that is particularly weird for a family that hasn’t had a baby in thirteen years – I think of him as my nephew. I have a very small family. This is my first adult experience with a baby. (Wow, can that sentence be misconstrued. The fact that I even thought about that double-entendre means I’m probably not that grown-up.) I never thought I was immune to the baby effect, but it never occurred to me I’d be helpless against it. All I can think of now is the circle of life and gazelles bowing to the little guy. It’s kind of disturbing how one tiny little hand gripping your finger can turn you mushy., Little Hope is 78,000 words., Professor Thomas Leech, an Australian, was awarded a CBE in 1947 for his work on developing a weapon, which was given the name Project Seal. No further details were released at the time as work was ‘ongoing and top secret’ although this led to great speculation. However, declassification of some top-secret military files in the year 2000 revealed Professor Leech’s, who died in 1973, deadly secret., "unhindered and permanent monitoring of Israel’s nuclear potential and Iran’s nuclear facility through an international entity that the government of both countries would approve.”, Marigold – Nirvana, A Vulgar Neighbourhood, Now that I have you scratching your head with confusion, allow me to explain:, time to volunteer up!, I rushed to the dining table, ready to grab a plate. I was afraid that my saliva would soon start dripping if I resisted further. Dinner started and I filled my plate till food literally started falling from it.Then I rushed to a corner to eat in complete peace., I hope you will get out and check out this great fair, lots of cute items! Please remember to be safe & Happy!, MILIEU: the physical or social setting in which something occurs or develops., Frame the window above the shower - windows around here rarely have casings, 20. During these last steps of your ascension pathway, countless light beings throughout this universe are with you in spirit and many are walking alongside you., Another important issue with demos is that they should not be wholly negative. Criticism is not the only point. You want to encourage the organization and its employees to change, to stop what they are doing. And, when you do this, the use of reason, rather than emotion, is usually much more successful., The goal is to build layers and depth. Sponge a layer of white glaze over the entire surface and then feather it with your brush. Step back and look at the area. If you want it darker do the previous steps again. Next you will start to add more specific sharper veins., So, this piece is charcoal & graphite on 18”x12” white paper. The objects in the work are: a beat up heart and my arsenal of protection from more relationship stress: 2 pistols, 2 rifles & 2 knives. The cache of weaponry radiate around one side of the heart like a fan. This is NOT about wanting to literally take lives (that’s bad, plus bloodiness creeps me OUT!) So, the look of it is basically a big fat, non-literal visual “GO AWAY”. Niiiice… Whenever I have to explain my artistic style, I often mention that I like to create art that is emphatic, very expressive. No namby-pamby for me. I like it loud with a sharp edge. This is that. And I think it would look dope on a rock group’s CD cover!, The Chinese Yin and Yang principle is one of the classic explanations of the perfect blend of two opposing forces. The Yin Yang symbol is seen either in black and white or in red and white. Yin, the darker element, red in this case, is feminine, passive, associated with valleys, night, the waning moon, slightly negative, etc. Yang, on the other hand, is the brighter element, white, that is active, masculine, positive, associated with day, the hills, the full moon, etc., I thought it sounded silly at first. But I thought that about the Snuggie when it first came out, too, and I'll be damned if I'm not proudly sporting one right now., I used to engage a lot with others. I think I've hit a small bout of depression and I don't really know what to do with it. I'm doing incredible in some areas of my life but I feel out of touch with how to be a great mommy and that kind of consumes my thoughts lately. I lurk on blogs but don't comment so much anymore and spend huge amounts of time to do these elaborate manicures and then simply put the pictures up. I've lost the spirit., If you can tell in the picture, most of the models are wearing black with hints of red. Of course, there is red in the hair, but I guess I just expected with a color like red that it would have been more edgy and sexy. I wasn't all that impressed with the make up either., Every father a Neil Diamond., front of card, I know this has been unhealthy, so I resolve to be a nicer person even if it’s becoming too damn difficult. I will forgive, even if it will be very hard to forget., Remember my words?, 1) "Dogg". Anyone who says this in my presence deserves a wedgie accompanied by an uppercut to the balls and/or vag. Yes, I said uppercut. I'm short, never underestimate an irritated dwarflike kickboxer with a penchant for words. Officially, no normal person should have said any name abbreviation followed by the word "dogg" (ex J-dogg) since 1998. It's like wearing white after labor day, except you sound like an idiot., The bodyguard held them for her for the rest of the evening., Each week my goal is to get your opinion on a CCS related thought. This week:, Mia Farrow, 1966, 6 large burrito-size flour tortillas, *$100.00 Spellbinders shopping spree, Ink: Jet Black StazOn, SU Markers (Daffodil Delight, Peach Parfait, Pear Pizzazz), Unblemished sacrificial lambs killed and eaten, meal participants clad for a journey, firstborns in peril of death, lamb’s blood smeared on doorposts and lintels, the destroyer’s slaying of those who weren’t under the blood—these were the strange and intriguing ingredients to the foretelling of the coming Messiah. The bloody illustration was given as God brought his chosen people into freedom from slavery—a four-hundred-year captivity. Hard-hearted Pharaoh’s breaking point was the death of all the firstborn in Egypt, all those not covered by the lamb’s blood., to still waters he leads me;, Joy Division, I have a very special guest today, the wonderful Joylene Nowell Butler, author of Dead Witness. Not only is Joylene an indefatiguable blogger and generous friend to published and unpublished writers alike, she is a talented writer with one book published and a second on its way next year. I am thrilled that she consented to be a guest here today! Joylene says:, There are, however, arguments that the slippery-slope rationale is accurate in certain situations. Eugene Volokh has provided the following sophisticated slippery-slope explanation of gun registration leading to gun confiscation:, Feeche is working hard to get stuff done before the end of May. As it is he'll be gone for a week in April, and once late may hits, he'll be traveling and going to camps., Here is the 1st part of my wedding day story:, The file reveals a wealth of illuminating and disturbing data on animal disease and death, and their potential, theoretical links to bacteriological warfare and sabotage by enemy nations and individuals., Who read blog after blog after blog trying to prepare her heart for what she was about to see? This sister., "everybody say the f word!", In a game that takes place in the four dimensions of in/out, up/down, here/there and time, the odds are far better if the batsman uses either a perfectly perpendicular or a perfectly horizontal bat – anything in between increases the difficulties of meeting the ball at the batsman’s choice of contact point., Five days later, John died. Nolan killed John and Sam., We eventually finished and came back inside, preparing to watch a night full of hockey. And of creation, of course., Original Gravity: 14° Plato, Hamid stands cornered in the corridor with a black eye, a shopping bag and his plastic magic charm bracelet on his wrist. He’s wearing a tight pink T-shirt that exposes his fat stomach, a pair of women’s green leggings and rubber flip-flops all borrowed from Patty. Bewildered, he peers at the old man like a son laying eyes on his father for the first time in years. He is dead drunk from Patty’s whisky., Now I live in Santa Cruz California, so I’ll head to one of the local beaches or along the cliffs overlooking the ocean where the surfers ride the waves. A person may catch my eye, or a building I’ve never really paid attention to before. My mind will either catalog that image or whatever the people might be doing as I continue to walk. As I continue I might start weaving those elements into a new scene, perhaps one I can use right away. If I can’t I slowly start to see a path where I can take the story next to reach that scene that’s unfolding inside my mind where important information or the introduction of a new danger can take place., I am pretty excited to say that I have lost 16 pounds in 17 weeks! Eek!, Okaaaay… not an easy angle to spin. Let’s check out what I was doing two years ago., Other: prismacolor pencils, spellbinders, ribbon, MS edge punch, Unless you have been living under a large rock for the past few years, you are likely familiar with the health food turned hipster snack craze of kale chips. And, let me just go ahead and tell you- they are worth the hype. I, for one, am borderline obsessed with the crunchy green delights despite the fact that my kitchen stinks for days after a batch., I made good use of the transparency sheets, printing the stamps onto them to layer over the papers., Nope, Ross is as good as ever, yet something has changed, and not for the better. Ross relies on his audience to provide him with the raw material for his act, but in the last couple of years a worrying trend has started. People (and for people read 'wacky student types') seem to have decided it's not good enough for Ross to get his comedy from unsuspecting subjects (couples arriving late, the woman in the front rows lovely scarf etc), and they now wants to be the 'stars' of the show. We've seen a marked rise in youngsters in the front few rows sporting stupid hats, knowing full well Ross won't be able to resist the bait. But the ridiculing of someone who wants to be ridiculed somehow is no longer fun. By far the most annoying trend has started during the half-time interval, where armies of wacky ones leave all manner of shite on the stage; funny notes (I use the word ‘funny’ in the loosest possible way), crappy homemade T-shirts, pieces of popcorn, sweets, you name it – whatever it is, they all have the same thing in common, they ain't funny. But like a junkie walking out to see 30 lines of coke set up for his pleasure, Ross can't help himself, and will always make a beeline for this tat. Tonight was the worst I’ve ever seen, the stage was covered, and it took him just over 45 minutes of the second half to work his way through all the rubbish that had been left there. The truth is, it's funny for one or two people in the audience (i.e. the twats who put it there), for everyone else it’s boring. How funny is someone's bus pass going to be for an audience of 1500 people? Of course the owner of the bus pass goes home feeling like ‘Charlie Big Potatoes’, thinking (wrongly) he was the star of the show., So I made this ultimate "stomach comfort" dish that can sooth your soul as well --- with cream sauce that you will love!!!, IAG chief executive Willie Walsh said: “This deal provides a future for BMI Regional.”, For the last few weeks DS7 has also been reading a chapter book with his Dad, a fictionalised account of the whole life of Simpson's Donkey: "Simpson's Donkey - A wartime journey to Gallipoli and beyond" by Peter Stanley. This was his own choice, but so timely!, We love you Jake., 5:15 am-barely audible sounds of a bhajan starts coming across., The world sells us comfort in exchange for our faith. Comfort subtly kills. Standing still is not a neutral position, it’s a choice and a consequence of that choice is stagnation. There is always “Selah” times in life but sometimes (maybe more often than we think) God is wondering why we are still crying out to Him when we should be moving on (Exodus 14 v 15.) Knowing your season and knowing His voice, integral to our walk., My friend Tannya brought me a whole gallon-sized ziplock bag full of her yummy, homemade tamales a few years ago when we brought a new baby home from the hospital. If memory serves, I ate several at lunch and dinner every day until they were gone, and I'm positive I did not share them with anyone!, That doesn't sound too hard, does it?, Just got a 6-figure book deal! And Disney bought the movie rights! Yay!, Magpie, While we rely on God, we hope you better speed up the completion of all the lead to stop the blood shed Syria by all means and possibilities., 3) Idealistic one-shots, who rise to power during flashes of mass community unrest, then often disappear shortly afterwards, The papers presented at the conference dealt with a wide range of related topics from various disciplines, such as history, philosophy, culture and traditions of Ismaili Muslims, and highlighted the degree of their study in Russian scholarship. Speakers at the conference represented various academic institutions, including University of Central Asia, University of Toronto, Tajik Academy of Sciences, Institutes of Ethnography, Anthropology, Linguistics and Oriental Studies in Moscow., 1 quadruped, Everyday, Currently loving a few products so am bored on my day off so thought I would do a little round up as every good little blogger does., Tomorrow 10 pm, the fight ends and the fingernails start getting bit., Recently I'd also been in the habit of borrowing movies and box sets from Love Film and then, when I ran out of monthly credits or was waiting for the next arrival to land on the doormat, I would go down to the video shop to rent the latest releases, usually several times a month., The challenge for the month of May is to make a card for your mom (or other significant woman figure in your life). You must include some hand coloring in your project too! The details for this challenge can be found here., Matron: "You only get about 6 to maybe 10 hours at your job. Maybe you should get a job where you can earn enough to rent an apartment?", I’m very excited to see more Clone Wars-related Ackbar merchandise. I knew it would take a while (Ackbar appeared on The Clone Wars back in September 2011) but it looks like patience has finally paid off., After yet another play-off final meltdown (that’s three and counting, all of which I’ve had the ‘pleasure’ of witnessing) and the sale of Shane Long and Matt Mills, hopes weren’t high for this season. And things didn’t look much brighter in September, when we faced Doncaster at home, in 21st place: lose and a relegation battle was on the cards., Today I want you to meed Bree. She’s studying to become a lawyer, thinks smart people are sexy and spends her spare time hanging out at the library., - That's the badger! I can get my wheels back again. No sweat Party Time. I'll drive you wherever you wanna go!, I am 34 weeks today, pregnancy wise. This pregnancy hasn't been bad at all - I haven't gotten "big" and can't imagine that ladies that are big - and how they feel. I mentioned to K on the way into the store last night "Why do people even get pregnant!?" I'm beginning to feel a bit of the aches and pains of it all.........just wanting to slow down. It's crazy that in 3 weeks I could safely give birth at home. (chances are I'll be late...being my first and all) but when we were doing the math yesterday I was like "HOLY SHIT!" :) I cannot wait to meet this little one......... a snuggle up for a good while getting to know each other earth-side........ sure has been fun getting to know them inside! :), I can't hide my Wildcat pride., This would be a perfect day-to-night cocktail dress, just slip the cardigan off and add tons of bangles (not shown here, I’m still working on my collection!) – perhaps a necklace - and you’ll be ready to hit the town in no time., Weekly weigh-in: Loss of one and a half pounds. Not the twenty pounds I was hoping for, which would equal the suffering I did, but I will take it., “But still she was there, who was there before Sauron, and before the first stone of Barad-dur; and she served none but herself, drinking the blood of Elves and Men, bloated and grown fat with endless brooding on her feasts, weaving webs of shadow; for all living things were her food, and her vomit darkness” p 164 Book Four: The Ring Goes East Tolkien, I, also, often think about how one tiny difference in the course of events can drastically change the outcome of something. Of a life, even! The story I am about to tell as an example is kind of a silly one, but I think it gets the point across., And, as a side note, thank you for the very positive response to the beginning of this series. Please let me know what you would like to read! I’m not sure on the length of this series, but for now, I’ll try for Wednesday and Friday posts for a few weeks., Features full artwork with added Julian Cope autographs., An you stay awesome foeva., When I returned two years later for a job on the same street, but this time with the ACLU doing 1st amendment work, I was paranoid I would run into one of the bankers - especially when I bought one dollar coffee at the small grocery stores --owned by old Italians. I was addicted to the cheap, burnt sweet flavor.. I thought I would see them. They would mock me and jeer me subtly for being a student - and in debt. My class of analysts probably made a $60,000 bonus, and rented swanky apartments, and here I was surviving on french fries and rice, bought at bulk rates from Indian stores, and commuting from Jackson Heights on the seven train, and then switching for the South Ferry., Quick scan of the local newspaper before setting off and an article jumps from the page “anti BNP demo Saturday” surely not? I read further and all is revealed Local MP for Lie-Bore Nia Griffith of the tir-gofal funding fame and Plaids Helen Mary Jones along with the usual bunch of misfits are going to hold a ,march through the town of Llanelli., from a train bound for Paris., like that…, I waited 10 years for her and she is a love!, I’d also noticed this over the years of reading historical romances and can only say that they were social hot spots during the Regency Period (1811-1820) and similar to how an author of a contemporary novel set in a particular city names famous landmarks to establish the setting and provide local color. Basically, regardless of genre, these well-known landmarks are a type of shorthand between the author and reader., I’m not talking about the job description, and I’m not talking about how you do a job. I’m talking about what a particular person has to do to be successful. Make a list those qualities. It could be two or three things; it could be 10. Whatever those things are, you have to go out and find people who have a giftedness to match those qualities so that you put the right people in the right place., “It's Tina.”, It sure is swoon worthy isn't it?, Where kinghts and squires come riding down, "Congress has no power to disarm the militia. Their swords, and every other terrible implement of the soldier, are the birth-right of an American ...the unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or state governments, but, where I trust in God it will ever remain, in the hands of the people." - Tench Coxe, 1788, Without consultation with the public, the Federal Government is going to wipe out Bukit Gasing from Kuala Lumpur. Is this an attempt to deceive Malaysians? Consider the following:, Genre – Contemporary fiction, Rapper: Yo yo what up all the dawgs! I ain't home but yo! Yo! Yo! Crazytown! Yeyyy!, This is just a small amount of the shrubs, flowers and rose bushes we've planted. I DO NOT have a green thumb but we have been blessed with very hardy plants and God's gift of watering so that I don't have to do anything but sit back and enjoy their beauty., “If anything were to ever happen to me…”, And this is only the first 12 hours…of a 13 day trip!, Coverage: Light – didn’t have a whole lot of coverage, so probably more suitable for those who don’t need much to begin with., This beats a little train on the ground.....didn't go on it tho'., Sibongile Ndashe, SO, I know it has been a while since I was here. I had my birthday, and got LOADED up with stuff for card making, thanks mostly to my Dear Charlie (DC). I am up to my eyeballs in new stamps and paper and ink and tools! Woo to the Hoo!, "Laura tagight me about tampons. She also explained how to get pregnant and how not to. She taught me more about sex than anyone. More than my mother. More than my doctor. Certainly more than my husband.", Obviously some hush-hush experimental train powered by gas., An offer that cannot be refused. Best value for your money whether you are in Chicago or Indianapolis TGIF has your back., little things. real things. life., Schedule: July 1, 2011 to June 29, 2012, Large Marshmallow, There is also a possibility that the investigation is being delayed due to factors pertaining to the microscopic comparisons of test-bullets with evidence-bullets. This aspect will be dealt with in PART 3., “What about Fight Club?”, December 6th I noted that I called my sis-in-law at 8:30am and we played telephone tag until 1:30pm. I was supposed to attend a Christmas event in her town which I cancelled as I was most upset over the call and her hanging up on me. When we did finally connect, I told her that I expected an apology for her going off on me and then hanging up. I also told her of my conversation with my brother. Her response was “what’s the common denominator?” meaning me, I said “Strike one! and I’m giving one warning only.” Noted we had a long talk for about one hour but think we’re okay. She called me back later too., "I Only Have Eyes for You" seems, through most of the running-time, to be an exceptionally weak "monster of the week," but the final exorcising confrontation was a masterstroke. The gender-swap surprised me, and it was startlingly cathartic to see Buffy pour those feelings out to Angel, especially considering how reprehensible those feelings had been made to seem leading up to that moment. Seeing Angel play the other part was fascinating, too, since it raises the question of how much the reenactment wasn't just taking him over, but tapping into something still deep within him. I also thought it was clever the way his vampiric immortality made him uniquely capable of completing the cycle with forgiveness, allowing the troubled spirit(s?) to pass on. Most importantly, this encounter laid some vital emotional groundwork for the two-part season finale., And You preserve them all., Additionally, it's important to note that Battersea was considered to be a very progressive area. Many of the people in support of the efforts for the brown dog were unionists (workers supporting labor unions) and suffragists (mostly women advocating for a woman's right to vote)., Something else about Lori Gottlieb’s book, “Marry Him, The Case for Settling for Mr. Good Enough” also troubles me, though. It’s more than the fact that she interviews her friends as sources. I think it might be this idea that what happens to white women in the dating world is somehow a universal experience and therefore, marketable, but when it happens to women of color, it’s worthy of a magazine piece or two, or a minor mention during slow news seasons, but not book-length works., Now, I’m just a little anxious about this 10pm alarm of yours. Is there a way about this? Of advance not, that’s a asinine question. I'll yield affliction of it. Annihilation fun happens afore 11 anyways. Speaking of fun, I’m academic I’ll accept to breach over. I’m abiding it’ll be no botheration for me to crash, right? I know, you’re apparently a little afraid because of the accomplished animal assault/rape allegations that landed you in bastille recently. Just to be clear, I’m not some Swedish aggravate who cries abduction afterwards I accord to something. I’m Canadian; we about even apperceive what “consent” means., Sent on behalf of:, Shirt is Vintage Cotton V-Neck Tee from JCrew. I own like 5 of these they are the best tee shirts ever. I highly recommend! A few colors are on sale online right now. I bought mine in the store for even cheaper. They wash and wear really well. I also love the Vintage Crewneck version as well., things you need that you might not have:, My wife has had a bit of a transformation as of late. As I have previously posted, she has lost somewhere near a gazillion pounds and fits into the dress size she wore on our wedding day. She let her hair grow out and got it styled. She wears clothes that compliment her figure. For a body that gave birth to nine bouncing babies, she looks pretty darn good. The contacts were the last addition to a lovely transformation., Whitehead, 2) Fragrance - who wouldn’t want a divine perfume for Christmas?! Too expensive you say? Fortunately there are tons of affordable Christmas Specials around! A word of advice if you are heading for that soap/perfume/lotion gift set, make sure it’s one he or she loves…otherwise it may be misconstrued as a lazy, cheap gesture and you don’t want that!, information detailing the quantity and types of jobs that will be created by your business., I received this from one of the funniest, most thoughtful blogirl-friends I have ever had the pleasure of 'meeting'. She is Andi from here and I love her for so many reasons....the biggest one? She believes in my ability to make something out of this most delicious yarn., "Oh...that's what she wants to put in her new big house...", Tip: These two played out a 0-0 draw at the Liberty Stadium earlier in the season, I don’t necessarily see a repeat of that scoreline, but I won’t dismiss a draw out of hand. 1-1 might be worth a stab at 6/1 in Totesport. Draw single may be your best bet at 5/2 in SkyBet and StanJames., I think I can be reasonably be accused of being pretentious on occasion... however sometimes there are things that are too genuine, too human and too individual to worry about photographic technique... and this is one of them (I think)., I know the blogosphere is a fickle b*tch, but come on!, makes its way to North America!, The spikes of crocus., You have to wonder though, what about the victims who might not able to look forward to the years ahead if their life, faith, families and chance of functional relationships have been destroyed how is Cardinal Brady’s going to comfort them?, He leaves and Bri is in tears. Her mom tells her, "sometimes some daddies aren't willing to want to make it work." Heartbreaking. True., At the outset, I said the Scriptures show us the power of infection--, Consensus, I was going to pack for London tonight but I think that can wait until tomorrow. Right now is a bath and a light dinner. And more ibuprofen., French Ephemera 2 - Printable collage sheet only, 5. “Ringer” is morphing into a typical CW show about kids: scheming high school kid, dead kid, brutally beaten kids and an adult acting like a kid., These are the things I'm trying to do to not go to that dark place again:, So it's Friday. I never cease to be amazed how quickly weeks can pass by without one noticing. The ways we percieve and reflect on time present, past and future are endlessly fascinating. Viewed from Friday, a week may seem to have flown by, even if days during the week seemed to drag at the time., We’re famous, we’re known, but yet you don’t know who we are. We become your friends. You follow us around, you keep track of what we’re working on, yet we’ve probably never met. You read my thoughts, you’re in my head, you know my feelings, yet you’re not my friend., Image, Canvas Size, 700 X 700, we can resize later, I found a great one. I don't have a lot of room, so a small table was all that would fit this area, that means that I need a small based lamp. I think this fit the bill perfectly., not to be outdone as far as rounded corners go, here's a 1962 post daryl spencer card, My husband knows its trouble when I start a conversation with "So... Ive been thinking..."; I have ended that conversation with really whoppers like: "we should move out of the city and buy a house", "I should quit my job and go back to school", "we should have a baby", "we should start a big house project 1 month before our baby is due"..., To get the best gaming experience, you should also check whether the display is capable of display high resolution graphics and you also need to find out how good is the sound output. It may not be advisable to play games while the laptop is running on battery. Nevertheless, gaming laptops should provide you with good battery backup., I have two classes-Research & Behavior Theory. I am doing ok in both, but better in the Theory class. I have missed the Research class so many times, and attendance doesn't count towards our grade. I am having a harder time grasping this class and add not going to class for being ill or whatever is not helping. I know this, I really do..and I have a project due that I am supposed to do with a group, some of my friends. I am letting them down as well as myself.I may end up doing a project and presentation by myself, I wouldn't blame them. I don't know if I can do a project on a subject I don't really understand...but I have to try. I don't want to get by I want to do my best...to be proud of myself and for my kids to be proud. I have to finish and do well enough to continue...it is all I really have. Why am I sabotaging myself?I feel like I cannot move, like I am even afraid to try. Procrastination is an understatement! I need to get up tomorrow and overcome whatever is holding me back...do my homework, face up to my group and figure out what I am doing for this project for April 19th. I need to be stubborn and do whatever it takes to get the work done for both classes. Ok...that is my confession for today...hopefully I can move forward and look back at this and know I fixed it!I know my depression is kicking in and physically I have had some stomach issues again as well as headaches. It is all tied to everything....I can't let this be the end of my dream., Exciting news is that I found a new commuter bike. After being in Beijing and seeing all the great bikes there I thought I wanted to get something cool since it was time to replace my old mountainbike hybrid anyway. I just found this Dutch bike and it is so awesome!! I love it!! It feels really strange riding upright when I am used to being in such an agressive low position on my carbon fibre cervelo triathlon bike. It is totally fun to ride and in fact I was just getting home from the market when I got my man to snap these photos., Perhaps it’s the made up sleep which has put me in such a good mood and got me all enthusiastic or perhaps it’s the warmer weather Perth has been experiencing but I’m really eager to do things. I have lots of blog posts I want to write. I want to try some new healthy recipes using seasonal fruit and vegetables. I’m itching to start decorating the nursery and to sort through all the lovely clothes and other gifts we’ve received for Sophie. I’m keen to get out in the garden (Paul will laugh at that one as he jokes it’s been nine months since I’ve done any gardening). I want to go on picnics and enjoy the sunshine. I want to start getting organised for Christmas., Two thousand miles away from St. Louis and 25 years later we're still going at it. And just like the old days, he beats me by over 30 seconds. That used to piss me off. Now it doesn't matter., "That's fine. Take your time." I offer. I know what's coming after he gets me tied--lots and lots of bath brushing., My question to you then, Dear Reader, is: should I contact this woman and insist that she pay Nicole? I would do this nicely and maybe pose it as something she forgot to do. Do I have to get Nicole's permission before I do this, or should I just go ahead and try to collect?, You can have close friends, childhood friends, college friends, close siblings, strong relationship with parents, or a cousin who’s the same age. But nothing rivals the closeness that’s experienced between a husband and wife. Marriage is the most intimate of all human relationships., And tell me you love me, with a sigh,, At the same time, the software industry has gained a reputation for creating high tech sweat shops, where developers are consistently chastised for being late, for creating bugs, for costing too much and the punishment is to require them to spend long, late hours and weekends making good their sins. How can it be that all developers are late, incompetent at creating bug-free software and expensive? That cannot be true. So the industry has developed a culture of making every corporate and commercial failing ultimately fall on the programmers’ shoulders. For this, they are paid relatively poorly, compared to other young professionals. Who would aspire to work in such an environment?, Also, awesome, I ate sashimi multiple times this week!!! Whooo! Raw fish=bliss., Regardless of whatever musical highs and lows it may have had, the thing that most sticks in my mind about tonight's show is a feeling of dread., I finally got myself to sit down and watch Cujo after having the disc for over a week and a half. For some reason I just could never convince myself to watch it. I’m not sure if it’s because I’d seen it before, or if I’m just tired of “old” movies, or if I wasn’t looking forward to watching another movie with a little kid as one of the main characters, or some other reason altogether. Whatever it was, there was definitely some kind of mental block that was just making me not want to watch it. Part of it may be that, since I’m still only halfway through Danse Macabre, and the next book I’m reading also doesn’t have a movie associated with it, there just wasn’t any sense of urgency involved., Take your digital scrapbooking designs to the circus with this collection of 16 gradients in both Photoshop and Paint Shop Pro formats. Matching color schemes are included to help you with your circus projects., We basically spent all Friday afternoon telling the movers where to put things and getting our washer and dryer and internet set up. (Oh yeah, I don't know if I mentioned this before or not but we've decided NOT to get cable TV...we did without it for a year in Ann Arbor, and we really want to try to be as active as possible while living here...so basically it's just going to be Hulu/Netflix from here on out...we'll see how this goes...) I did have the chance to do some driving around on Friday afternoon when I went to go pick up some lunch, and thankfully there are some stores really close to us! Also there are sidewalks and bike lanes EVERYWHERE so I could easily walk or bike to do errands which is something that I couldn't do in South Carolina. I was basically just driving around in awe of how behind all the normal suburban trappings like Home Depot and Red Robin, there are these beautiful snowy mountains! And my heart skipped a beat when I saw this..., – Southern Conference tournament titles: 0, “Because, if you could love someone, and keep loving them, without being loved back . . . then that love had to be real. It hurt too much to be anything else.”-Sarah Cross, Merry Christmas, and stay safe., In front of the stage there was a little area where they let the kids dance to the more upbeat songs. It was like a little mini-moshpit. It was a whirl of light and color -- and Emma (the blue blur) led the way into the fray every time., So if all dramatic art is essentially just a sex scene, what's the difference between eroticism and pornography?, What lesson can we learn from this week’s events? Don’t underestimate the CNRDRE leaders, who have shown more political cunning than many of us initially gave them credit for. They know how to use power to achieve their aims without overplaying their hand. In light of the junta’s keen survival instincts, it will prove difficult to isolate, marginalize or weaken Sanogo and his followers in the weeks to come., I started searching around on Pinterest and quickly fell in love with the Empty Wall of Frames idea. Yeah, yeah, it may sound a little weird having a wall full of empty frames, but it is PRECIOUS and modern, yet chic. Here are some links of some examples that sparked my creativity:, So, they pushed hard to complete the house on time., But then Barrionuevo’s biases begin to reveal themselves in much more obvious ways. He devotes the bulk of the article to criticism of Cristina’s failings without any mention of her accomplishments in education, poverty reduction, or human rights, and he describes her in unnecessarily harsh terms. (When he says that “with her emotional speeches and designer suits, Mrs. Kirchner appealed to the masses,” one senses that Barrionuevo isn’t complimenting Cristina’s oratory or her fashion sense.), He took Janis and Dina’s order, then gazed at me. Oh, what a delectable boy he was!, Through clenched teeth, Rel said, "You're not a Four Knot anymore." It wasn't going to knock her back this time the way it had earlier, but if they were going to stand on the formalities of the law then so was he., Another post, two in one day! It has been really nice to get back into blogging today. I have had a few mad weeks at work…I was very much a stress-head for a while so now it is half-term it has given me a bit of space to really de-stress! I have loved getting back into my crafting……am also hoping to bake later on…only problem is I will then put on about a stone eating it all! Lol!, Seventeen-year-old Majesty Alistair wants police to look further into her father's fatal car wreck, hopes the baseball team she manages can reclaim the state crown, aches for Derek...or, no...maybe Alec...maybe. And she mostly wishes to retract the hateful words she said to her dad right before slamming the door in his face, only to never see him again., And where is the outrage over the fact that she is incapable of paying a single bill but could spend thousands of dollars on cosmetic surgery?, I enjoyed it, I won't lie. It feels good to catalog this madness and pass judgment from a position of false authority, don't it., Ugh, another 20 something girl. When will New Who show some diversity?, I don’t know where it came from. My dad, laughing when I mentioned it at Christmas, the room full of tinsel and warmth and a bit too much wine, suggested a garden centre. I doubt that. All I know is that it’s been here longer than I have, part of the grounds before we bought the house and left by the previous owners who ran as far as they could from it, and ended up crossing the world to live in another country, to get away from that thing in their garden., We came back in 1990 as Fourstoryforehead. Jeff was gone, and Ernie had moved over to guitar. We subbed in a guy named Phil from the high school auto shop on bass., I had reached my 6th grade limit for the week. Sorry guys., Not long after Gonzáles scored the only Indonesian team goals against the Philippines, a friend of mine tweeted this, “It doesn’t matter where he came from for he has raised Indonesian nationalism.” Well, pardon me, my friend, but I agree with what the legend thought. As for me, football is never about nationalism as well. This is not a war between two nations where the winner conquers the other. Football is never about anything but sport, where sport’s value is always about sportsmanship. And sportsmanship is never about how many battles you win or how many silverwares you get. Sportsmanship is about how you achieved them. And about being sportive, being dare to admit if your opponent is better than you., Garden roses + lilacs! My living room smells heavenly!, But the story that caught the Siren was one she had never heard before, that of Aherne's affair with the stage actress Clare Eames. Eames was married to playwright and director Sidney Howard, who later wrote the screenplay for Gone with the Wind. Howard was in London to direct his play The Silver Cord, and Aherne was cast opposite Eames. All went smoothly until Howard returned to America and the play began its run, whereupon the attraction between the two actors swiftly became a headlong, passionate romance. "I forgot she was a married woman with a child," says Aherne. "I forgot she was six years older than myself. I forgot my Puritan upbringing. I forgot that I was nothing but a penniless young actor. I heard the angels sing. I was lonely no more.", May the road rise up to meet you., 3 Luneburg Heath 4:53, Q058) What is a fashion item you really like that you’ve bought recently?, Shoes is the theme over at Sepia Saturday this week so I thought I would illustrate it with a family shoe-tree. And at the heart of any such tree are your two immediate genetic precursors, your father and your mother. Or in the case of a family shoe-tree, your fathers' shoes and your mothers' shoes. So we will start with my father and this splendid pair of two-tone brogues which personify the 1930s like a chorus from Bert Ambrose and his Orchestra. I can't imagine my father wearing shoes like this : that staid disciple of cultural conformity could surely never have been a dedicated follower of fashion. But we have photographic evidence and therefore I will have to amend my preconceptions., Peter Lyons has to support John, because it was through his work on John's campaign that Peter became friends with Chris Asselin. Yes, John and Chris are good friends, and Peter currently works with Chris thanks to John's connection. In fact, my kids tell me how much they enjoy swimming in Chris's pool with the water slide. The very same pool that was partially funded by stolen monies from city residents. The whole thing is disgusting., The Be SMART Home Program offers two types of loans: Be SMART Home ENERGY STAR and Be SMART Home Complete. Through both types of financing, home owners are able to choose their weatherization and energy efficiency professionals from a list of eligible providers whose qualifications have been reviewed by DHCD., Hope you enjoyed the post! :D, The world’s first 3D design at Wayland’s Smithy, Oxfordshire, left, –combination skyscraper-overhead, 12-towers and Florence Nightingale’s Rose Diagram–appeared July 8th 2006: 06-07-08. Its proximity to Wayland’s Smithy neolithic burial chamber is not accidental, as it implies a connection between the ancient Saxon god of metalworking and the future of the human race being forged now. The British–as mythologist Barbara Clow has stated bluntly–are not exactly known for their knowledge of their own sacred beginnings. She implies (the reality of) America as a God-fearing race; while the British have no tolerance for the sacred. Many of the most emphatic crop markings of recent years have emphasized this lack of sensitivity to our ancient wisdom and essence of the sacred. Designs have increasingly been sited in close proximity to primeval sacred sites or places of ancient wisdom whose meaning and context have, in general, been studiously ignored., Even though the compunction was also a lighter sour, it had a bit more flavor. It had a similar aroma to the above two, but there was a bit of plumcot (pluoot? Plum and apricot hybrid basically) sweetness that brought the flavors to another level. My sister in law Andy ordered a glass of this one and enjoyed it., Probability of Murder by Ada Madison, Stephanie Hilvitz I seem to always be in a creative groove….but I do think working in series helps keep my groove going. An idea is sparked from objects or patterns or an idea I may have seen on a blog that really excites me. I’ll take elements of this and play with it, expand upon it., Hubby: but I haven’t done anything wrong, so why should I buy you flowers., In another clean medium bowl, beat egg whites on low speed until foamy., And I didn’t look crazy., I pray that you find the humility to forgive others the unforgivable., My mom lovingly gave me a large part of the money for the new camera for my birthday, and I subsidized it with some of the money I made at Tedda's show in September. I think I will name the body of the camera Bunny, after my mom. That seems very appropriate and special. She has told me that she would like to give me some money from my grandmother's account to pay for a lens or two. So I will call the lenses Helens or Little Helens., Crazytown. Luckily, she realized it was a bad idea and didn’t follow through., nobody would choose the bad things, I teared up this afternoon while we were walking out of Children's Hospital. This time was not because we were leaving Max again. I cried because today was the start of our new life. After 2 weeks in the hospital, Max was discharged., that many, many people mourn., It is obviously a quiet time for the Press and Media. The snow and ice have gone, at least for the time being, and life is returning to some sort of normality. The obvious exception is Northern Ireland, where burst pipes have reduced the flow of water to a trickle, but if they managed to survive thirty years of the IRA and the UDF, bombing and shooting their way to the negotiating table, they can survive anything. To fill the quiet time, the Press and Media have targeted the violent death of Joanna Yeates, a Bristol girl found strangled and dumped in woodlands over Christmas. In the normal course of events, this would hardly merit a by-line, but with little else to report, it has become headline news……, Frank: the military is part of the problem, Bob and I celebrated our 45th Wedding Anniversary on August 14., I have a quote I often share with women...."I wanna to be invited, but I really don't wanna go.", 5 understand, Here’s the thing: I agree with the sentiment that too many people are passing judgements on others when they don’t know the whole story AND that bullying or being mean is just WRONG! But, the truth is, their stories are theirs, and the acceptability of their life situations is none of my business! Or anyone else’s! Not my place to look at a person and judge them… ever! The 15-year-old may not have been raped. Maybe she just made a conscious decision to have a child at 15. Or, maybe she just made a mistake. (God knows I’ve made plenty of mistakes myself)! Whatever! She doesn’t need, want or deserve–and shouldn’t care about–my judgement. And whether the overweight guy ate too much or has a disease is none of my business either. I’ve got my own weight issues to contend with. He’s a person just like me and I’m not here to judge him just as I hope you are not here to judge me. Remember the whole living in glass houses and throwing stones thing? As for the old man, beauty should be in the eye of the beholder but apparently, it’s in the eye of the media. And I, for one, am sick and tired of tv, magazine, internet and billboard ads shoving their version of beauty down my throat. There are a lot of “beautiful”-on-the-outside/ugly-on-the-inside folks I’d rather NOT know and plenty of “ugly”-on-the-outside/beautiful-on-the-inside folks I’d be lucky to call my friends! Pffttthhh (that’s my sad attempt at spelling a raspberry)! Bravo and my undying gratitude to that man who fought for our country. Every scar he carries is a medal of honor. I’m one of those people who believes that scars add character and experience adds wisdom. It’s a story waiting to be told and I’m an eager listener. Send all of these folks over to my house and I’m sure we’ll all be chatting and laughing and enjoying each other’s company in short order., People may think that is too harsh and that everyone deserves a second chance, but you fuck me over and that's it. Fuck me over once, shame on me. Fuck me over twice and it sucks to be you., To build up your saints, The first contact with other humans is the scariest thing you'll read in ASHES as Bick describes in gruesome details how it would be to view a girl pop an eye out of someone's socket. On top of the details there is the fact that Bick holds no punches, she lays everything out, gruesome, emotional and non-emotional. This isn't a story of how the "most centered and perfect person" deals with an apocalypse - this is the story about someone real, someone that weighs out their own survival, deals with a new world where just the act of finding something to eat is a desperate search. Bick mixes apocalypse zombie fiction with dystopian political narratives and makes it into something that is a little more than the usual young adult fiction. This book will get you thinking, scare the crap out of you and have your heart-breaking all in one paragraph. DON'T MISS THIS ONE. I haven't been this freaked out by a young adult novel in a long time., Mmmm. I suspect there is a space for him in a junta somewhere, should he need to retire soon for any reason., To give you a good idea of the layout of the closet, you basically open the door in the center and it goes back about two feet on each side of the door. Each side has a rod for hanging coats and a shelf above that and the center is filled with 4 coat hooks. We thought of some different ideas on how to best use this space (with kids, we're only going to keep collecting more and more hats, gloves and coats) but settled on creating a series of drawers and shelves on one side of the closet (removing the rod) and leaving the other side as is with the rod and shelf. We may decide to do something different on the other side but for now we'll see how we like the drawers and shelves first., more closely supervise the activity and work with them a little bit on it. I’m so glad that I got the chance to do that, and I video taped the activity to share it with you here! To prepare, I had copied the black and white version of the M and the Y pattern blocks and had volunteers glue them down on a large piece of construction paper. I also got the paper pattern blocks cut out. Luckily, we have a die cut machine with all of the different pattern blocks cut outs to make it a little easier to get them cut out, but in the past I have had parent volunteers cut out the blocks. I find that it works especially well to give this sort of thing to parents that want to help prepare things at home because they do not have time to help out during the day., We're cooking dinner together., Dear Joe and Vicki: We're getting ready to retire and the idea of RV travel is very appealing. This may sound silly, but how often and where do RVers do their laundry while on the road?, A protest is planned for Saturday in Hyde – the setting of a recent gang attack by an ‘Asian’ gang on 2 white men, 1 of whom was aged 17., 1:00 p.m.: The ORTM TV news shows footage of alleged looters arrested by the security forces. The claim is that they were actually civilians who somehow acquired military uniforms and profited from the disorder of the last few days to ransack government offices and private homes. The camera pans over a truckload of looted goods (televisions, refrigerators, furniture) that are now supposed to be returned to their rightful place. In a separate ORTM interview, Capt. Sanogo had claimed that the troops out looting in Bamako were in fact civilians who had gotten into uniform expressly to discredit the CNRDR., Genre: fiction - thriller / crime, This man is a disgrace., The reader must definitely read book one Tyger, Tyger before tackling this one, otherwise be prepared to be overwhelmed., This is my first attempt at Haiku. I offer the first one as two variations and I ask for critical commentary on both., And all of this will pale into insignificance if Chelsea are defeated on Saturday., Why you ask? Because I'm a trend-setting futurist, duh. You know we'll all eventually be using them, anyway, I'm just ahead of the curve...it also may have something to do with the fact that I'm falling apart., A jug fills drop by drop., Now I had planned on drizzling a balsamic syrup on the salad. I’d never made this syrup before, but I tried it on bruschetta at one of my favorite restaurants a couple of years ago and loved it. So I thought it might complement the salad., If you've not played Dead Rising 2, skip that game, add an extra Scream Queen to the score below and go straight for Off The Record. It's the definitive Dead Rising experience., Beyan just starts crazy crying, asking what was wrong with her, thinking about her messed up parents, then swearing like crazy. Fuck. I hated watching it. Not just because she felt bad, but because I knew Ben was watching it. The only thing that cheered me up was Swimsuit Issues making the “oopsies” face when Beyan got cut. It’s in someone’s worst moment that Courtney shines. KILL SHOT., Wariner owned the 400 in the middle of this decade winning the Olympics in 2004 and the World Championships in '05 & '07. Wariner rarely lost, and then only in meets that were off the radar and really didn't matter - about once a year. But something happened on his way to a defense of his Olympic title last year - a worthy opponent stepped up his game, Lashawn Merritt., I'm now curious to see what it'll be tomorrow morning before breakfast., 4) An estimated 2.1 million illegal aliens will be eligible for DREAM Act amnesty., Surely it’s a simple matter of definition., No matter how funky things get, Withers plays it cool . We've all probably heard "Lean On Me" too many times by now. But next time, listen to the song in the context of all the gospel soul that was hitting the charts in 1972: Aretha Franklin's Young Gifted And Black and Amazing Grace, The Staple Sisters's "I'll Take You There", Jesus Christ Superstar. The Rolling Stones's "Let It Loose" and "Shine A Light"? Could the compassionate singer be JC himself?, No coup, Surprisingly this type of crap also happens when we’re publically accompanied by a man. One time while out on a rather un-enjoyable dinner date, I was trying to politely find a way to get home ASAP so I could instead watch re-runs of government hearings on CSPAN or color coordinate my sock drawer. Unfortunately my attention was diverted away from my escape plans by some creepy married guy at the next table who kept staring at me. His wife cottoned on pretty quickly to his wandering eye. She then responded in the trashiest of fashion by deep kissing and dry humping her man right in the middle of the restaurant, prompting me to want to vomit all over both of their nasty asses…, A) We are looking into this method. However it is complicated, due to the fact that we have to limit tickets and need to facilitate a members presale. We are however hoping to be able to offer this next year., Using an electric whisk, beat the butter with the sugar and grated lemon zest together until light and creamy. Gradually beat in the egg yolks, beating well after each addition. Fold in the flour and the milk, alternately to make a smooth but runny batter. Stir in the lemon juice., 1 appear, Toppings of your choice, Prime Time Shows, This aspect makes the game and its experience all the more life-like and fulfilling., I then spoke further with the host parents, who rang the girl’s mother and asked her to collect her., 3) Take before photos. Having not one before photo is just plain sad., I hope it's helpful. °^°, 2 birth, My dad said…’it’s some sort of Jewish affair…she’s an Indian muslim’ so we weren’t sure what to expect. The BBQ and fireworks were lovely. The family rows over gender disturbing., One day they will fade (hopefully!) and of course next summer's goal will be to be in a size/shape that I love again -- but I've officially hit mom-dom and have resigned myself to always searching for a sleek, sexy, ONE-piece. Hopefully that's possible without having to show off too many of my Bradley induced battle-scars. I've never been a tanning/sun lover, but I hear that helps hide stretch marks so I might have to find a way to start (or at least look like I tan)., our cleverness hard and unkind., Resources for the Road...Practical advice to help you prepare for your travels., For example, if a searcher is looking for “Turkey” (one of the terms listed in the study) and is expecting to find travel and holiday packages, they may be disappointed to find an informational page about the country instead., I don't want to stop you from going to SXSW if your one of the above. I just don't want you taking my wristband., Tomorrow, while the weather holds up (though about 10 degrees lower than today), I intend to do the harbour cruise, and see Seattle from a different perspective. I also plan to visit the Aquarium, something I enjoy doing in places, though I have never quite worked out why? Soothing effect maybe, otherwise, not a clue., Symptomatic ischemia is characterized by chest pain called angina pectoris. The American Heart Association estimates that nearly seven million Americans have angina pectoris, usually called angina., Blogger is not letting me comment at the moment ( v.frustrating ) so I can't let you lovelies know but if you see this and want to join in that's great . If not I COMPLETELY understand ., The second best thing to happen will be the establishment of an independent republic for the whites (Afrikaners). Even then the help of other Western countries will be of great importance., The number of people in the 50-60% range, the reasonably well-off low-income people, has remained stable in the range of 4 to 4.8 million between 1979 and 2009. The 40-50%, not particularly well-off low-income people, have had more of a rocky ride and are up from 2 million in 1979 to 3.5 million in 2009. But the poor sods on 40% or less have rocketed from 1.3 million to 5.9 million (up from 2.4% of the population to 9.8%)., just tight and small and fast, Coming to you., Natalie-Nicole Bates is a book reviewer and author. Her passions in life include books and hockey along with Victorian and Edwardian era photography. Natalie contributes her uncharacteristic love of hockey to being born in Russia. She currently resides in the UK where she is working on her next book and adding to her collection of 19th century post-mortem photos., His early days in show business were a struggle. He spent several years in Yiddish theater then finally had his Broadway and English speaking debut in “We Americans” in 1926. Muni was so convincing in his role of an old man that one critic wrote: “What an outrage that this old man should have spent a lifetime waiting for his chance to appear on broadway!" In the play “Four Walls” 1927, Muni played a man his own age and was quite terrified to be out on that stage without a beard or fake puttynose to hide behind, but opening night he received a standing ovation and the next day his name was above the title in all newspaper ads and the theater marquee...MUNYA had arrived!!, Back away slowly from what you have seen., I promise to be back soon!, “Having said all that: the idea that, because of this, there is no difference between the totalitarian state of Qaddafi and the popular uprising against it is bizarre. It also exposes broader political inconsistency.”, Muslims, on the other hand, seem to spend much time stressing man’s difference and inferiority to Allah, or God. Indeed such a distinction or difference is absolutely essential to Islam and therefore to the lives and beliefs of all Muslims (except, perhaps, the Sufis, etc.)., Dinner was served while the bride changed into yet another dress (she had 5 dresses that she changed into and none of them were your traditional Chinese dress).… she had two wedding gowns that were white and different styles, she had a silver, sparkly gown… 1930's style… kind of gangster woman-ish, she had a deep, burgundy wine dress that was an empire waisted dress. All were very beautiful and her hairstyle changed with each one. Dinner consisted of about 12 dishes of food, 27 tables, with wine, beer, sprite, coke, orange juice, and white rice wine. We were the dry table… so only cola and juice for us. They passed out cigarettes, and had little boxes of candy for all of us., Philippians 2:5-11, Meanwhile, adult stem cells avoid the controversy surrounding embryonic stem cells but have a limited capacity to form other types of cells. The results of using these adult stem cells for tissue regeneration are “not as satisfying as one would like,” Dzau said., Psalm: 45, Torrey Pines Beach:, 2 special, 2 transferred, It is curious that a height is maintained, a presence. As it withers it will become more like the shadow it once cast and the shadow will wane but its height will prevail, steadfast. Wiry frame, languishing, idle in the wind. Hair, flaccid and brittle, clinging to a sodden forehead. Every inch of the body feels every pulse of the heart now close enough to the surface of the skin to burst forth…, Jesus, when are you coming?, This policy is valid from 01 May 2010, I have mixed feelings of how I should feel with posed with this question. I hate to spring the whole "my child passed away" thing on people, but then I feel flat our guilty if I don't mention you. So... I have decided I'd rather make people uncomfortable for a brief moment... and hope that I have the chance to tell your story., It wasn’t just his forehead - it was his entire body., I was only one shot and one scene into a night of drinking and horror movies with Jimmy when the call came in. It was my mother in tears, delivering the bad news that she had received from my sister who had in turn received it from our step-family. The details were sketchy, only that my father was dead, that he had killed himself and life would never be the same again., Scarf accent jewelry is back in as well. Add these rings and embellishments to your scarves to make a more dramatic fashion statement. As usual, Scentsations always has the latest fashion trends before anyone else!scarves, scarf, Inga is at such a fun age. She's super mobile--walking, running, climbing--and is learning how to join in her siblings' games., Here is my award:, And the efforts that no one sees but our children, who have no idea the love behind every single act...the efforts that every Mother around the world should be given a gold medal of honor for, the efforts that leave us on our knees at the end of the day, bleary eyed, exhausted, heart and soul rung out dry from a day of pouring our entire beings into our heart and souls on the outside., Many would like to catch Josep Anglada in a frightening or bad gesture. It doesn’t work. It’s time for dialogue, and Anglada does it. It is another very different issue if the principles he defends are violated or his people, which are also ours, are offended. Again, Anglada responds as he is, as a Catalan and a Spaniard., But I'll still rush on without a rest., It was so easy once I had my little assembly line going., - Benefits of getting a degree online, The income disparities in America are absolutely reprehensible. The numbers are heartbreaking and they must change soon. Dozens of large metropolitan areas in America mirror images of war torn countries., What Are Your Children Learning? A former teacher’s perspective on unschooling, The weekend was spent overseas; we had been invited to three days of celebrations for a good friend’s birthday. The events were to take place on the neighbouring Isle, and as usual it was no mean feat getting ourselves organised and onto that ferry boat, although we did have to succumb to a slightly reduced ‘party time table’, missing out on a clay pigeon shoot and cask visit., Here's the before pictures, how it's been, pretty much untouched for a year and a half.About half of the stuff is staying in the room, because there is no where to put it, and Garrett doesn't need THAT big of a play space. Although, now that I've finished the changes, he has enough stuff to easily fill the room. The other half of the stuff is spread throughout the house. We have a really wide hallway, so the big black shelf is in the hall. The table and two chairs fit nicely in the guest bedroom, and the papazan is in the odd space/'tiny room' at the end of the hall, where I originally thought I could get Garrett to play. But he's not a fan at being at the end of a long hallway, with bad lighting, all by himself. I don't blame him. This space also stores clothes that the kids have outgrown, blankets, more books and toys that we will rotate in and out to keep things interesting.His new playroom has been usable for a few days now, and so far he's enjoying it. And Paul and I are enjoying that we have a convenient, well organized space to keep all his stuff. He still brings things from the room and leaves toys/magnets/books all over the house, but it's easier to clean up now and everything has a place., All historical photos of Allen Bellman came from Bellman himself. Other photos will be sourced with footnotes as indicated., Moi: Because I wake up at dawn and I see them all stumbling home, smelling of Poire William and cigarettes., Preheat oven to 375 degrees, Why? What’s wrong with being comfortable, as long as it’s the ‘good’ kind of comfort?, Romeo's ultrasound last Monday showed a whopping 20% decrease in thickness of his suspensory ligament where it is inflamed (which happens to be 5 cm distal to the chestnut)! I am so, so happy! I was so afraid he wouldn't have improved, especially since he is older and this is a hind suspensory after all. So we have continued with his Show Ready System, and the BoT wraps. They trotted him on concrete on a straight line and he was SOUND! Woohoo! Only 5 more months to go...although in about 3 weeks he can go outside in a 30'x30' pasture. We are going to be up to 40 minutes of walking in another 3 weeks as well and then we start trotting in hand. Boy, I bet that is going to be exciting. See below., Conditioned thought exists as the result of the subconscious absorption of environmental imprinting, which includes social, religious, historical and political influences, etc. The development of our relationship with our higher nature requires that we nurture the ability to transcend those aspects of conditioning that would hold us back., H. K. Edgerton's photo (right) will probably arouse a sense of cognitive dissonance. How in the world does an African-American associate with the Confederate flag? * Very simply, because he is proud of his heritage, which includes ancestors who fought for the Confederacy. He is a secessionist because he wants to preserve his distinctly Southern culture and, like the rest of us, free it from the tyranny of Washington., I was sitting here, minding my own biz, and I started to feel this rocking, like I was tipsy! I stood up, thinking I may have just had too much coffee, and looked at my lamp, which was rocking. I looked at the water in my glass, which was swaying. The files on my desk - shifting., I pour out the earth of my mind filled with stones, peel back those layers, Total cost: $37.00, This morning, the assistants gave him a brief orientation to the mission. Elder Carlisle then attended a transfer meeting where he met his new companion, Elder Larson. This evening they will depart to their new area in Vinnogradar which is in the northern part of Kyiv. Trainers are chosen for their competence and dedication, and you can have confidence that your son is in good hands. We have enclosed a photograph of them from this morning., I do like the end result, after blocking and drying. Happy knitting!, As touch or breath melt ice and frost, I think I may have just written that post. Writing is like therapy. I tried my first post from my phone and finally opened laptop. I kept updating as I wrote so sorry if you read a first draft., Runner Up: Zak Avery, As both boys in the photo are wearing a school uniform, Ms Yates said she expected that the school would be called upon to assist with her inquiries.A disturbing sidebar to the appearance of the photo on Facebook was the number of people who commented on it., Malaysia’s attempts to cover up the scandal over the international money laundering of illegal timber money by Sabah’s Chief Minister, Musa Aman, is beginning to unravel., The kids made flow maps on "How to get ready for school", "How to plant a seed", "How to give a dog a bath", "How to make your bed", "How to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich", and "How to make a gingerbread house". After the flow maps, each group presented the class. Next week we will turn their flow maps into writing., Crime blights British cities. Along with burglary and car crime, gang culture is now established in these cities with rival gangs engaged in permanent war in addition to brutal street battles between Asian, Black and Eastern European gangs to establish who controls the flow of drugs to British people - children and teenagers as well as adults - and such gang wars are an ongoing occurrence. Knife crime in the capital city of London claims teenager after teenager with no sign that the underlying cause will ever be acknowledged never mind addressed., So I changed it, and tidied up the site a bit., “Under Presbyterian polity only the presbytery can dismiss a congregation,” said Anderson, regarding what step in the dismissal process would come next., I admit I have not read the book – so sue me. I did see the movie, knowing what it was based on and knowing the premise. Damn hard movie to watch …which is probably why I’ve never tackled the book. It was far to reminiscent of what cycling is like (and yes I am actually smart enough to be in MENSA – deal with it…I have to), One thing I like to do, to mix things up is adapt some of my favorite salads into a pasta side dish. These work great for summertime gatherings, BBQ's and more...and add more of a filling quality to otherwise light salads. This time I decided to work with Orzo Pasta because I like the texture and shape of the pasta, its very much like rice, but in pasta, and think it lends itself to a cool summer salad dish., Allan: John loved teaching and learning from others. He wanted to find new ways of teaching and getting people to interact. In order for John to interact with the world he had to ensure it was accessible. And…he set out to make it so through communication and gentleness, always being reflective … … … and choosing… just the right… words to make the …point., I am not really one for New Year's Resolutions, but I do have some goals for 2010:, Now, you could certainly say I’m biased towards males. I try not to be; but even if I am, who isn’t biased towards his own gender? And for that matter, who isn’t biased? No one, that’s who., As we are all used to these pricing games, I'm sure no-one will be surprised when in a month they 'drop' the prices again, potentially saving us more money gawd bless 'em!, For the next few hours I lay there, in the dark, and tried not to think., Being unsure about where you’re going and not knowing how to get there makes even a simple trip an adventure. After all, if you know where you’re going and how to get there, there are usually, unless you are unbelievably stupid, no decisions left that would impede your progress towards your goal. But an adventure by its very nature means most decisions you make, if wrong, could force abandonment of the voyage and require you to return home., Cyber-bullying means using computers, cell phones, and other technology to hurt, scare, or embarrass other people. Cyber-bullying gets people in serious trouble at school and also with the law. In a growing number of places, certain forms of cyber-bullying are illegal., Pour the syrup over the egg whites and continue whisking until cold., What sorts of courses are taught by these Group of 88/clarifying faculty, people hired by a professor who argues that composition courses should be designed “to teach students to write as critics of their culture”? Below is a sample of classes taught by UWP faculty who signed anti-lacrosse petitions:, I find His silence disturbing. Offense, injustice, lies…this scene has it all. Why are You so silent? Why do You not fight back? Why do You not lash out at the ones who are hurting You? Why are You so unlike me?, Charlie Chapman has assisted hundreds of clients experience greater health, strength and stamina through nutrition, weight resistance training, aerobic exercise and massage. Among his personal achievements, he holds a title as runner-up in the ’02 Blue Grass Classic Body Building Competition and as a national qualifier in the NPCC (Nutritional Physique Competition). In addition, he has trained several award winning body builder, was a 2008 nominee for Best Massage Therapist in Fort Wayne as well as 2008 nominee for Best Personal Trainer and 2010 nominee for Best Massage Therapist. For more information please visit the Professor Wellness and Fitness Center., Each night before the girls go to bed we read from our scripture reader, read some stories and then say a prayer together as a family. After that the girls brush their teeth and go to bed. Tonight as I was leaving I's room, she asked "Mummy say prayers?". She wanted to say her own prayers. It was so beautiful that she asked. I haven't gotten to the stage of teaching her to say her own prayers, mostly because I thought she was too young., So what do you guys think of Kate Walsh? Anything you would like to add? Let us know., On the one hand, I like the idea of a combo-lovey. If he could trigger his own sleep music, that would be fantastic. Talk about self-soothing!, We also took this little half moon table from last weekend's sale - also from the 1920s, it came from a sale where the most prized possession of the owner was an autographed campaign poster of G.W. Bush, Jr. Displayed prominently on opening day, it was still there at lock-up on closing day. Didn't even move at 50% off. And we're in Republican country., New standards for lighting will be implemented beginning in 2012. The goal is energy efficiency, and new light bulbs will have to use 25 percent less energy than today’s incandescents to produce the same amount of light. The current 100 watt bulb cannot meet the new standards this year, but there are some alternative choices., That's much too fancy for me, You will do the same to a German, Leah, Due Date: Tuesday, May 29, 11:59 PM (2 days), Nationalism and International Conflict, B-52's, That's so nice! ;), So, for the first time in my life, I spoiled the ballot paper. I'd rather not have, but I didn't feel I had any choice. Again, what the respective parties offer on a local level does not do enough to deviate from my thoughts about them in principle and I couldn't vote for a local candidate if I have such strong feelings about their party on a national level., No, not at all. Not only do the 'Palestinians' want a judenrein apartheid state of their own, they refuse to recognize Israel as a Jewish state and insist on the right to swamp Israel with violent 'refugees'., What an appearance of godliness Joseph Smith had! And yet this passage would suggest that his heart was desperately wicked, desperately in need of a Savior, for he was in love with himself – not in love with the Creator of the universe and the lover of his soul. My first thought when I read those words was that it sounds strikingly similar to the words Satan once said,, Despite Wednesday's agreement, Beijing demanded that the United States apologise for what it called "interference" in its affairs. "China is very unhappy over this. The US action is an interference in China's internal affairs and China cannot accept it," Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Liu said. (Yahoo) A servile US official obsequiously assured our red overlords that “there would be no repeat of the incident.”, Then, I think I should mention I have a Staff Meeting tomorrow. You know, that blessed free day Saturday? And, it's conveniently in the MIDDLE of my day. 2:30. Perfect. I love taking from the middle, especially if it's pie. Or pizza. Or even Watermelon., We scarce can say they smiled -, Their fellowship they find, Shadowbox had a weekly show that they put on with a lot of music and comedy skits... it's a great Friday or Saturday night outing, and it never disappoints. In addition, they put on a full-blown musical once (or so) a year. In the past I've seen The Who's Tommy and The Rocky Horror Show... but this year they created their own show., I hope you will play along with us this week. It's such a fun idea, Spices and Seasonings to taste (thyme, oregano, rosemary, etc.), “…but with your history we thought it best to have you come back in so that we can ensure proper care begins immediately…”, Over all, the construction and presentation of the product is above-average, but at better than $130, I'd say that the Levenger Bomber Jacket Circa Folio is definitely not an every-day purchase, nor does it appear to be able to withstand the beating it might receive in the hands of a modern-day, active typospherian. However, I will reserve judgment until it's, A big THANK YOU to Patrice inviting us all to this link-up chat on the porch! If you haven't checked out her blog yet, GO DO IT!!!, This is our camp/cottage/lake house. There are so many names for it, depending on where you live in Ontario., So I FINALLY got everything sorted out., But....if we are getting feedback that can be verified as true by more than one reputable and validating source, it is up to us to make corrections that will ensure we are living up to the highest principles that we have set for ourselves., The artwork is colorful with lots to see, but not so detailed that a toddler might loose interest., I have been lazy. Lounging around all sloth like on the couch eating bad food and feeling...UGH., Annoying and pervasive loud crowd murmur, For the first ten chapters or so, this book declares the superiority of Christ, the Covenant He ratifies, and the age He ushers in, compared to all that has come before. The words “more” and “better” are sprinkled liberally throughout the discussion. Christ has a “more excellent name” than the angels. He’s a greater captain than Moses and a greater priest than Aaron. He has a “more excellent” ministry than earthly priests in that He’s the mediator of a better covenant established upon better promises. His sacrifice surpasses those offered under the law. His blood avails where that of animals could not. As we say in the south, Christ is “mo’ better”!, Don’t forget to like Chief’s Shop on Facebook! At 500 likes someone will be selected to receive a Kreg Mini Pocket-Hole Jig Kit or a box of 500 pocket hole screws., Also on Katniss’s thoughts – why did she explain so much? In the movie, Gale calls Katniss “Catnip.” I take this to be some kind of affectionate name, they’re dating or been childhood friends, whatever, cool. Yet in the book this turns into some long backstory of how Katniss said her name quietly so Gale has always thought it was Catnip. I don’t really care. I didn’t know this name was some elaborate thing. Katniss, it’s a nickname, get over it. Also the meeting with Peeta and the bread. Why was it this large drawn out thing of “Peeta must have been slapped because of me, because he wanted to feed me, so he burned the bread that was conveniently in the oven when I was around.” Katniss. The bread burnt and Peeta’s a nice guy. That’s it. There’s not some big plan. Get some more thoughts., I hear the tramp of armies, I hear the challenging sentry,, Grandbaby was enchanted again at each shop window, he had to go in and touch, they were just his size., A sushi roll by any other name/filling would smell as sweet? I’m not sure. In this desperate race to satisfy all taste buds, to appeal to the blandest imaginations, are we losing the rawness, the realness of specific cuisines? Although I love mixing things together, I think it’s important to eat something uncompromised once in a while. Otherwise we’ll end up in this vicious circle of: food imitating narrow taste imitating food., It is going to be a dreary, rainy day here in Greensboro and I cannot tell you how tempting it is to just sit here and drink coffee and read Domino. Now go grab your copy., Always Pads, Lean or Feminine Cleansing Cloths $0.50, Where did the World War 2 spirit of “make do and mend” and all lumping together for the good of the country disappear to? Now all it takes is one word from a politician, who probably hasn’t seen a pasty since the older boys at Eaton put one down the front of his trousers, and were all kicking, biting and screaming to fill our tanks, kettles and Tesco bags with fuel; which apparently now is fine to stockpile in your shed or garage. Well Mr. Maude, I live in a flat so unless I’m going to store petrol under my bed I’m pretty stuck in that respect., was a doubter who loved the wind, The current running through your household devices comes from the mains supply or electrical ‘grid’ (unless you are off-grid!) streaming into your home. In subtle energy terms or spiritual terms this current also comes from a mains supply, one referred to as Source, The Great Central Sun, the Divine, God, The Creator or whatever name resonates with you., Other books by Peter Lemesurier:, Eeeeehm... next topic., I’m hoping there will be occasions however, where it won’t hurt either. And in the meantime, I look forward to always working on my listening skills., Now that I am back, I have to get ready for my next trip. My company is sending me to China for a work assignment ASAP. I will be there for a few months and during that time, I won't be able to bake or post anything. I am trying to go through my back log of posts before I leave, but it will literally be an adventure in China as I don't speak Chinese (despite being one) and they don't speak English. Nice. I guess we will see if I will survive, When we got into the car, I wasn't sure exactly where to have him sit. I didn't want him on my lap, because it is dangerous to drive 15 miles on curvy roads with tiny shoulders with a child on your lap, but I wanted him where I could see him, so I decided to buckle him into the front seat. We started to drive, and his cries became whimpers and he said "Mom, I might die," and I said, "Son, no you won't, because your bleeding has stopped and you are going to be okay." He stopped crying then, and said he wanted to go to sleep, and I said I could understand that because then he wouldn't feel anything. And he asked if the doctors were going to be able to sew it back on, and I said yes, I think so, and then after a few moments of silence, he said in a soft voice, "I feel like I'm dying," and I looked over and he was reeling sideways, passing out. I grabbed his shoulder, and jerked him back up, and yelled "No, no, no! You can't go to sleep right now! You have to stay awake until we get to the hospital!", I checked her old posts on Stripper Web to see if she had said anything about this when I was writing it up. She hadn’t, but I did find this old post of mine from October 14th, 2007 where I elaborated on something I wrote about previously., The arrests were made at a time when the state police were anticipating increased Maoist violence in the state, especially in areas bordering Orissa and Chhattisgarh., - I'm 67% sure Slaten's beta is biting the dust. Things are not looking good. I would perform mouth to mouth resuscitation, but I'm worried I'd inhale him, and I'm told fish need water not air to survive? Maybe we should have filled the bowl up?, In talking up having another brother to Callie one of the things I mentioned was not having to share her room. That didn't work as planned since she really wanted to share her room and have bunk beds. So we began the process of organizing her room and making it Chase friendly. With her having her big closet to have her more special things in. The plan is to have Callie's room and then the boys' room. But for the first couple years we will store Callie's bed and have the bunk beds in her room where Chase will sleep. His clothes, etc will stay in his room but he will sleep in her room. This will give us the boys' room for a nursery and then when the crib is ready to be put away we will move the bunk beds into the boys' room for them. By then I have a feeling Callie will be more than ready to have her room and bed back., Today life seems a bit unsure, not for us directly but for our eldest child (my step-daughter). She is engaged to marry the only guy she has ever loved, since she was 13 years old. They have a 10 year old son together, but they have not been together for all that time., Kale is one of the vegetable greens that have done really well in our garden. Kale is often referred to as a superfood. Loaded with vitamins and anti-oxidants. I was not sure initially what my reaction to kale would be, but I have been surprised at its mild flavor. Fresh kale takes very little effort to make it delicious. A little pepper, salt and garlic sauteed in olive oil....well you can decide for yourself. If you have read my previous garden post on Kohlrabi http://bit.ly/u1cXmW by God, if it grows well, it will be planted! Which means I have plenty of kale in the garden too., Unnecessary words can bog your sentences down. I want to glide through prose, not wade through it. If I have to stop and process what’s being said, I’m being pulled out of the story., Another load of carrots, I don’t want Horizon to be a cosy refuge for writers looking for allies and a comfortable place to sleep. I want it to prickle with energy, both negative and positive; to challenge preconceptions about the writing of poetry and fiction; to question methods of criticism and modes of thinking in a frank and open manner., “Can we have a beer, please?” asks Mr Young innocently as one of them rushes past, no doubt on his way to prune the olive tree., Ben says that the hops “do more of the talking” in the tap version than they do in the bottle so I’ll just have to get out to The Local Taphouse, Mrs Parma’s in the city or The Cherry Tree in Richmond to find out just how much the hops say! If it’s what I think they’ll say I’m in for a long session., There are many ways to draw down the power of the Moon, but we wish to suggest two ways. The first is an ancient Celtic tradition. Let us say that you are going to do a Full Moon ceremony, although the same instructions will apply to any other lunar ceremonies. If you are going to do the ceremony out-of-doors, which we recommend, because when one can actually see the Moon, it makes a very strong connection more possible and probable. Looking at the Moon is taking in its light through the eyes. You see it light, its brightness, and its beauty. If you are going to do your ceremony indoors, it will not be totally ineffective, but it will not be a strong as it might have been had it been done out-of-doors. You may wish to use a tree stump or a log as an altar, or just a space on the ground. If it is a Full Moon ceremony you should use a white candle, and for a New Moon ceremony use a silver candle. During the Dark of the Moon, use an indigo-colored candle. The candle serves two purposes. First, it imitates the light of the Moon. Second, it provides a small amount of light for your ceremony to occur. White also is purity, strength, and power. Next, obtain for yourself a silver bowl of any size you choose. We ask that it be made of the metal silver. Fill the bowl with pure water. Place the water on the altar or on the ground. Then, with your right hand you will charge the water. Hold your right hand over the water and circle it around the bowl in a circular motion, clockwise, nine times. Next, take the left hand and holding it over the bowl, move it in counterclockwise circular motion nine times. Next, hold your hands together in a gesture of receiving (palms up) and part the palms slightly. Look up at the Moon, and take in nine deep breaths. To exhale the breath, blow it into the bowl of water. This creates Moon Water, which was a common practice among Druid priestesses. It is now sacred water and can be used as an offering to the Moon itself, for healing of the body and/or emotions, for massage, for drinking, or for any purpose that has to do with change, birth, renewal, endings, and death. By the time the next Full Moon has come, if there is any of the sacred water left, pour it on the ground as an offering to Nature. You may also choose to bedeck your altar with white flowers that you make or buy., 1/2 kg tofu (firm soybean curd), flatten, Some of them will return to their faiths as they age, “but there’s not a lot of evidence that most will come back,” added Cox, who said the trend away from organized religion dates back to the early 1990s., and it turned quite nice if I may say so :D., Cuz the girls bring the boys out Girls bring the boys out, Clearly, Maneesh Sharma is a talented director and the strongest parts of LVRB are the rare occasions the characters become three dimensional but sadly, he does not get enough time to explore that aspect here. Even on its own merits, LVRB could have been a much better film if it had not gone with the most obvious route of trying to please everybody but instead, give what some viewers may think is a familiar premise a different treatment. Rather than compare LVRB to BBB, it has more in common with Yashraj’s previous release Mere Brother Ki Dulhan which did not have any ideas above its station and did exactly what it said on the tin., It's Election day in many parts of the United States. I got up early this morning and voted in the Missouri Primaries and ballot initiatives., There's paying the ticket then there's surrendering to state-sponsored extortion in the form of outrageously exorbitant traffic fines for only 16mph over the speed limit (there, I did the math for you)., In term of brushes, a pointed round brush is perfect to add fine details once the initial washes of colour are dry. You can also use the tip of the brush handle to drag the colour and draw some grass blades. An old and distressed flat brush with uneven hair is a good tool to suggest the texture of grass in the middle ground., juice from 1/2 lime, Horatio and Elennara were thrown from the bed as subsequent explosions rocked and vibrated violently through the ships hull., "God Only Knows" by The Beach Boys, This figure has been wildly inflated. Although the present government is particularly feckless, everyone knows we were pretty useless too the last time we were in power so we probably won’t gain as many seats as people think we will., One thing is just the logistics of finding stuff in the room. Two, the hassle of washing, ironing, listing it all on EBay. Then three, dealing with any awkward people who challenge that the goods aren't as described or that they never received them. I could do without it., 3/4 C. melted butter, But unknown to Lamat, RFS is where the rural people phone in their complaints and pour out their grievances., Did you know that a Gecko whips its tail and pounces at its prey, just like a cat? This is highly entertaining to watch. They are hilarious. For one thing, they prowl around togther exactly like the Velociraptors on Jurassic Park – minus the screeching., So my question to all feet sufferers is this – Where do you buy your shoes from ?! Do you suffer too?, Qatada is a Jordanian who came to the UK with his family is 1993 and was granted asylum in 1994. He was convicted, in his absence, in 1999 by Jordanian courts for terrorism offences and his extradition was requested. Since 2002 Qatada has been in and out of custody while British authorities have tried to secure his extradition to Jordan. Qatada has, unsurprisingly, fought this extradition tooth and nail. In February 2009 the Law Lords decided that he could be extradited to Jordan. Qatada's lawyers appealed this to the European Court of Human Rights., Blog Candy Alert - Don't forget that there is Blog Candy on, 1217 *D-VIII/31/1995. “On the Honor of Honoring the Truly Worthy: In Praise of Professor Chandrasekhar and Others.” “The Scholarship of George Anastaplo” Panel, Claremont Institute for the Study of Statesmanship, Annual Convention, American Political Science Association, Chicago, Illinois. See Items C-1997(5) and C-1998(10), above. (Incorporated in Items C-1996(2) and C-1997(1), above.), Musa said the board had assessed the “damages” caused by this division and, in the interest of good corporate governance, identified the individuals that were responsible and accountable for these losses. “It is not appropriate for us to list out everyone concerned and the whys and hows of what went on. But this is the basis of our decisions,” he said., Have come too late, Founded by a melanoma survivor and mother, Cabana Life- Zulily represents a stylish approach to sun safety. All outfits, swimwear, and even hats have sun protection. The swimwear is just adorable, and I just purchased the sailor shirt for my son! I can't wait to see it on him this summer., Part 2 – The Splendid End in which the party is victorious against the darkness and shadow, Charm 2, Were we able to define, comprehend or even imagine Faith, it would cease to belong to the supernatural. Let us make the necessary effort which enables us to receive it as a gift. Let us always go to the end of our strength, to the limit of our endurance and of our courage. This offering of the possible irresistibly evokes the impossible., Here you will read three tips that will give you a better game edge., Simon and Cho are friends off the ice and said they enjoyed battling it out physically and intellectually., The one person who seems willing to listen is the deputy sheriff, Boyd Davies, who shows up everywhere and helps when he doesn't have to., Over the rivers fishes are gliding the golden way., When Steven Soderbergh announced last year that he planned to retire after making three more films (which, for most directors, would mean retiring in 6 to 10 years, but for Soderbergh would mean retirement within, like, a year), it was shocking but, at the same time, made a certain amount of sense. It's shocking because he's still in his prime and he's such a consistently interesting and excellent filmmaker, but it makes sense because there are few achievements he has left to meet. He has an Oscar, has proved to be ambitious in both large-scale (the Che films) and smaller scale films, has had films that were huge commercial successes, and has made personal, experimental indies, and he's been ridiculously prolific (24 films in 23 years). Soderbergh is an artist with nothing left to prove, which is why he can turn his attention to making delightful genre pictures like Haywire without having to worry that his legacy will in any way be tarnished because he's not making "important" movies., I thought outside the box with the cans...the way they are situated now, all I have to do is pull out the bin, and I can see everything, label up. Now I feel like I'm maximizing the depth of our pantry but I can actually see it all....and eat it. Which is the overall point, right?, I made breakfast Thursday morning, and stood back to see if the kids would eat up or decline said breakfast favorites. I've seen enough horror shows to know the key to survival is sussing out when your pal is infected and Zombie-bound, and I've had the stomach flu enough times to know that I wasn't about to begin a 2 hour drive with would be Zombies/Vomiteers if I could help it., For the other friends in other departments: Macky, Gil, Ava, Mam Susan, Kuya Jeff, Kuya Cennon, Blood Center people, Mommy Arlyn Banks, Michael, Al, Adrian, Sir Benjie, Nathan, Sir Benjo. My heartfelt gratefulness to you all!, People throw these words around to show they are better than you, or to show they are smart for knowing the 'secret' language of the business. Who gives a shit? If I am talking with someone and they are using the lingo way too much, I know they are full of shit!, She went on to describe it's construction, but I admit that I was tired and sore and only paying perfunctory attention, nodding in all the right places as I followed her down the stairs to be confronted by one of these hanging from the rafters., But this is not it! I am not done with Paris, and I am not done with this blog. Oui, I will be posting again. Soon. So stay tuned—it might take me awhile to resurface but as we all know now: Paris is in my blood. I will be back., The Tale of the Fortunate Rope-Maker, 4. South Korea 4.62, The connections between music and my writing that shimmer. Sometimes secrets that I see within or between my lines as I’m reading them to an audience (the helicopter of “Becoming” flew right out of PJ Harvey’s “This Mess We’re In”). What a word’s done to the page when its more private history becomes a part of this public object or piece. Haruki Murakami’s The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle. Titanium and silver rings. Love that feeds the comfort to write., It’s time to start living your story., The signatories of this statement are dedicated to the protection and development of intellectual property rights in general and trade marks in particular. Based upon the expertise and experience of their members – including professional representatives and other practitioners, in-house counsel, IP owners representing all industry lines, IP judges and law professors – they take an active, ongoing interest in legislative projects and regularly submit their comments and proposals, both on the EU and Member State level., Monday night we had our Photoshop Elements class and our instructor Michael shared some of the details of his week in Las Vegas at Movie.Con., Story: (4/10) – Wrath’s story is bland, bland, bland. There’s no character depth, there’s little in the way of surprises, and the story basically just feels like a backdrop to create the action, with the action and effects always seeming to be Wrath’s first priority. The movie takes place a whole decade after the conclusion of Clash, with Perseus raising a son, Heleus, after the death of his wife, Io. Perseus and Heleus are living peacefully as fishermen, until Zeus visits Perseus one night, begging for his help. The gods are rapidly losing their powers, since people are praying to them less and less, and this weakens the seal on the titans, the gargantaun divine powers that came before the Olympian gods. As if that weren’t enough, Zeus’ brother, Hades, and his other son, Ares, are trying to take advantage of the situation by freeing the titan that fathered Zeus and Hades, Kronos, having him lay waste to the world and reclaim it for the titans, with Hades and Ares promised to be spared. After Zeus is captured and drained of his lifeforce to speed up the freeing of Kronos, putting the world at risk, Perseus has no choice but to journey again, reteaming with Argonian queen, Andromeda and fellow demigod, Argenor to seek a hidden weapon capable of defeating Kronos, while at the same time trying to race to Zeus and reclaim him before the massive titan is freed. Yeah, it’s not a complicated storyline, but again, at least the title makes sense now, since titans were never even mentioned in Clash. The plot isn’t really anything exciting, and it pretty much unfolds exactly the way that you’d imagine. As a sequel to the original, it can also sometimes be too gritty for its own good. Like Clash though, you don’t see Wrath expecting an outstanding plot., if you are also lame and didn't know about them no, Pantages plays us four-a-day, besides the supper show., The Conservative government is striking a sole-source deal with Lockheed Martin for 65 F-35 Lightning II jets worth $16 billion., PLEASE YOU SHOULD RECOMFIRM YOUR ADDRESS,TELEPHONE NUMBER TO ENABLE ME CONTACT YOU AS SOON AS I ARRIVE IN THE UNITED STATES TO AVOID ANY MISTAKE., My mother taught elementary school for six years from the fall of 1943 to the summer of 1949, when she married. Immediately after their June marriage my parents moved to Florida, which did not recognize Virginia's teaching certificate. It would have required additional years of college to become licensed in Florida - at that time Virginia only required two years of college in a teachers program to become licensed. So instead my mother became a full-time homemaker, and after less than a year of trying found herself pregnant (with me)., Other than that, Storyboarding and Visualising for the advertising business is keeping a roof over my head for the time being., ANTONIO BARREDO, in his own behalf and on behalf of all taxpayers similarly situated, petitioner,, Of the three in the bottom 3, I think Stefano is the most likely candidate to get whacked. He's consistently been one of the weaker links this season. He's not awful, but nor is he memorable (ballads will do that). He's patently unoffensive, but nor does he make people want to pick up the phone or send a gazillion texts for him. Plus, he hasn't gotten as much face time as some of the others., Mary clearly doesn’t want Walter to come, but isn’t willing to stand up to Gary and tell him, “No.” She clearly wants Gary to come to the realization on his own that she’s the most important thing in his life., ~ Kudos to the venue for providing ample food & water throughout the evening. Based on how several of the attendees looked and sounded a few hours into the event, I'm guessing there would have been a hell of a lot of pizzas being delivered to Heinz Field had the organizers not kept the grub in good supply., Me: Where do I being! He PEED DOWN OUR VENT! GROSS., In a family-based society such as Peru’s my answer is perplexing. Their faces return a blank stare when I reply yes, I’m alone in this big bad world. A stern, disapproving blankness abounds, as if the math doesn’t compute. My age times perceived wealth plus average to above average handsomeness and lack of visible deformities should equal a wife. I should have two children by now, at least. It doesn’t make any sense, they ponder with suspicious scrunched-up eyebrows. Suppressing their laughter during the delivery, a few women have asked if I have husband—which is quite a daring joke given the thick Andean conservativeness common to the area. It always gets a chuckle. I say no husband either. They serve me another drink, whisper something in Quecha. This is where I settle into my rant about youth and responsibilities and the need to live adventures while you can but always cut the line before reeling them in. It’s obvious they’re not really listening. It doesn’t matter what I say. The math doesn’t compute., We all need a first chance to get a story published and we've all been there. This series will be the students first steps into the writing world and I'm very honoured to be part of it., *Magnetic latch securely seals, $0.55 off Pillsbury Simply... cookie dough, So there it is, one meal plan and my weekly goals all in one post! Now it will be published on the blog I will be extra motivated to achieve it!, “She’s not my friend anymore. She’s not inviting me to her birthday party – not that I want to go anyway, just so she can show off with her endless collection of toys.”, I loved this book so much I could eat it up…again and again., Do this about three to five times a day for five days. (You can do this with any phrase you want your subconscious to believe.), hopefully i'll get all knocked up in a few months and it won't piss me off so much but for now, she's a slut., - Add the sugar and gently fold into the strawberries with a large spoon. Heat until the sugar dissolves, then add the kirsch and heat for another 30 seconds., In an interview with Lianhe Zaobao which was coincidentally conducted by his schoolmate from Raffles Junior College class of 1995/1996 Ms Yew Lun Tian, Mr Nair said:, Well today I am 17 weeks along with our little one. He or she is about 5" long from crown to rump, but if we measured from crown to toes I bet he or she would be at least 6" by now. Baby should also be measuring right about 5 oz- about the size of an onion or turnip. This week baby's cartilage is starting to harden to bone, although this process to complete takes a long time. Baby is also starting to gain a little bit of fat deposits under the skin to help regulate body temperature when he or she is born. Baby can also yawn this week, so we might be able to see that when we get our ultrasound done next month!, Dreaming of lights through a wintry window, ... New tenants include organic market Wholesome Direct, a Subway sandwich outlet and Island Spirit, which will be the only wine store on the island. The Child School is opening a 7,000-square-foot fine-arts center on an upper floor, which will include art, music, drama and dance studios., There are many things that are impeding the progress of the sport of track and field. One of the big ones is the lack of competition among the world’s top male sprinters. Every era that has thrived has done so on the backs (feet) of the thoroughbreds of the sport going at it with regularity. Jim Hines, Charlie Greene, John Carlos, and Tommie Smith in the ‘60’s. Steve Williams, Don Quarrie, Silvio Leonard, Hasley Crawford and Harvey Glance in the 70’s. James Sanford, Carl Lewis, Calvin Smith, Stanley Floyd, Raymond Stewart, and Ben Johnson in the 80’s. Carl Lewis, Linford Christie, Leroy Burrell, Dennis Mitchell, Donovan Bailey, Bruny Surin, Ato Boldon, Maurice Greene and Frankie Fredericks in the 90’s. It’s no coincidence that attendance at meets was high, and there were a lot more meets during these eras. And the funny thing is that some of the most revered names in the sport reside among that list – competing often and even losing didn’t seem to harm their legacies., At the very least, I believe there is Real Presence, which should always be respected., to imagine himself turning into hydrogen., I took that blissful opportunity – something I haven’t experienced since last summer in all likelihood – and did many things., The people at the restaurant have no English and try as I might I couldn’t understand a word they said. I strained to hear them and for the first time in my life someone spoke to me slower and louder in a foreign language in the hopes I would understand. (I’ve never felt so ignorant!) The only things I understood were the phrases ‘Do you understand?’ (Forstar du?) and ‘it’s a problem, not speaking Danish’ (det er et problem ikke at tale dansk) after I said I do not understand for the millionth time (Jeg forstar ikke). What made it worse is he had a thick middle eastern accent and I had the feeling that Danish wasn’t his first language either, so Danish was our lingua franca., Bisexual, Face North ~ Breathe deep. Ground, sweep and center into naval. Sweep North energies over you, being thankful for the north’s ability to ground you into Mother Earth, people, relationships, wealth, health and abundance. Know that you are connected to all of these things and say a *thank you*., (I couldn't find a desert or any sand at all LOL!, so she poses on my balcony), “Jesus is Lord”, Suffice it to say, being single has been fun so far. I'm definitely having fun with it, and that's all I'm going to say about that., So when it’s about time to get off the train, there is this huge dude standing in front of me, eyeballing the heck out of me and not ashamed I caught him doing that, and goes on to whisper something to the dude next to him making him turn my way too. Some of the most uncomfortable seconds of my life. I couldn’t wait to run off the train when it finally came to a stop., I'm trying to crack on with making my Christmas cards right now, so when I saw this week's theme for the challenge over on Less is More is 'Stars' I was really happy as I can enter today's card., “People find out you commute by bike, and they think of a tree-hugging, granola-crunching, carbon-offsetting hippie,” Moyle says over coffee at My Dog Joe., I felt guilty for being so happy. I have friends fighting this horrendous disease. Ken's friend lost his battle to cancer this past Monday and they laid him to rest today., In order to do this, Sport18 has joined forces with TI Cycles, manufacturers of the popular Hercules and BSA brands of cycles, to nurture the sport and grow the love for cycling inIndia., I reattempt a recipe that I had done many years ago, a hot favourite with my family., Censored Video: Alex Jones joins the New World Order! (Satire) US Debt Threatens The World Financial System! S&P Outlook Downgrade! Max Keiser: No Fraud No Economy! Max’s Transcendental Gold Experience! Bob Chapman: QE3 Is An Absolute Certainty! UNICEF: Gaza Children Stressed, Desperate And in Danger! Nabi Saleh: A Tiny Village’s Struggle Against Zionist ’666' Israel’s Occupation! Beware of the Great Silver Correction! Dan Norcini: US Dollar Very Close To An Accelerating Decline! Bix Weir: 20 Reason to Sell (Buy!! Buy!! Buy!!) Your Silver!, Stimulate Your Senses, On Wednesday night we managed to nab tickets for the Cripple of Inismaan on its last leg of a mega US and Irish tour, after proudly bagging nine awards. I’m actually going to puke very little here about this traumatic experience except to conjure up if I could: Father Ted, Ronnie Corbett, Carroll’s Irish Gift Shop and Dublin’s Leprechaun Museum, synchronously fed through a sausage machine without any herbs, flavouring or even Gaviscon for a touch of civility. I’m just as haunted now by the canned laughter of the audience as I’m sure the survivors of the Titanic were, bobbing away from the screams at 3am that portentous April morning. Or as a pal said on Facebook in response to my update horror: ‘It plays into the hands of what people want to pretend Ireland is like, and for us on this island we know it’s shite but we still start to pretend to like it because foreigners like it and we still have that self hate inferiority thing going on, it’s terrifically twisted’., The two individuals had been taking part in a “multiday event to castrate and dock the tails of 1500 lambs,” and were the only two to come down with the infection. Further investigation by the Wyoming Department of Health found this alarming tidbit:, In the meantime, here’s my rallying cry at Terri’s – and you can also find out why I consider this much-editioned novel is a beacon for the indie publishing movement., 2 apologies, Women too. Obviously. And yes, we are here to learn to have joy. This scripture isn't talking about being "happy" all the time, not pleasure and not giddiness. When it talks about joy, to my understanding, it is referring to a state of being that a human has to choose. Joy is a state that a person has to foster in themselves and is partly dependent on other choices that they make; because while you can choose what you will, good or ill, you do not get to choose the consequences, and some consequences are harder to live with than others. Some consequences make choosing and experiencing joy harder to do. Harder, but it can be done. And that's a darn good thing, because sometimes we make choices that have consequences that spill onto others, and make it harder for others to have joy., The discussion then turned to the matter of whether or not a sergeant should be interpreting whether an order is unlawful or not. Stein’s view is that he has the right to do so, based on his being an American citizen and he also contended that his oath to uphold the constitution and defend the United States would require him to do so. This, of course, raises the classic issue of whether a person should or should not obey the state when s/he regards the command as immoral or unlawful. This matter is complicated a bit when the person in question is under special conditions that would seem to favor obedience (such as being in the military)., Jason Andrews is used to having women fall at his feet. When Taylor Donovan gives him the cold shoulder, he's thrown for a loop. She's unlike any other woman he's ever met: uninterested in the limelight, seemingly immune to his advances, and shockingly capable of saying no to him. She's the perfect challenge. And the more she rejects him, the, How did you celebrate the sale of your first book?, FYI- No need to hunt for your rabbit these days, most grocery stores carry most game meats packaged and ready to go for your convenience., Well, that's some of the fun stuff I've been up to! I'll be posting recipes for lots of these later on. Now, I'm off for a fun evening with the girls, plus tomorrow is the craft fair!, I'm so grateful to all who've contributed to make it a really gorgeous looking edition but I'm especially thankful to Dorothee Lang and Michelle Elvy who have been the most helpful people anyone could ever wish to work with. For their generosity with their time and advice I am sincerely appreciative. Thank you, ladies., 130g cake flour, Just as Katie’s singing held the moment between this generation and the next, the two earlier events marked a pivotal moment in the world of books. As Orion Chief Executive Peter Roche said in his speech, 'The world of the written word has experienced its biggest transformation since the invention of the printing press'., It's strange that not too long ago I was worried about GFC and losing all my followers. I was so consumed and worried that I would be forgotten. Funny how none of that seems to matter anymore!, Of course, I realize my friends and family have their own lives to live. I truly want good things to happen to the people I love. But somehow, whenever big changes happen in my relationships and to the people around me, they catch me off guard. While I’m certain all these things may happen someday, I never expect them to happen today., New & Restocked This Week:, And again, I couldn't get the sucker to center. Oh gosh, this post is gonna look so screwed up. But hey! I stopped the numbering. That's a plus! Wahoo!, And while the passengers were screaming in fear of certain death, That is until now! I wanted to go for something in the region of 3.8% that is bitter but still retains some body and malt presence. I wanted it to be a medium dark bitter and I also wanted to use some ingredients up., Those of you that know me will know that I grew up in the traditional world, having lessons at traditional, BHS riding schools, and when I came back to horses after a long break, I decided to learn natural horsemanship. And in the past few years I am also studying Classical riding and horsemanship., Mr. Goldsmith was always nice to me. Buying advertising on a Junior Achievement radio program isn’t really advertising, more like a charitable contribution. I didn’t understand the distinction then, but I appreciated Mr. Goldsmith’s loyalty. I also appreciated the way he treated me, like an adult, a fellow business person, not like a kid. He did it in a matter-of-fact way that was still unusual to me, at age 16., Well, I watched it. Always meant to and did. Was fascinated by the Abbey cosmati floor, the liturgy, the visiting dignitaries, the hats, the lot. What annoyed me is the very low standard of blather we get from broadcasters. Huw Edwards read out bulletins about the principals' outfits as if he was doing it phonetically from a script written in Martian and couldn't tell the difference between sky and powder blue (Carole Middleton)., From my very popular silver line.....absolutely love this wine cooler/planter. I am in fact giving this very container to my mother in law filled with a beautiful orchid. When she eventually removes it, it can serve as a very elegant wine cooler/champagne bucket. Reminds me of something you would see being used in a grand hotel in Paris.......love it., This is great for an alternative to sugary juices for kids, but it also makes a really yummy hot tea. (Especially if you use red apples and then have a lovely pink brew!), If you like Q is for Duck, you will also enjoy this adorable picture book. Cleo’s Alphabet also involves a guessing game where clues are provided through rhymes and illustrations. Each page features a curious cat named Cleo who is busy exploring her world. The suggested reading level on Amazon is Baby-Preschool; however, I would recommend this book for children ages 4-5 since they are more likely to make the correct connections., He had the ring tucked in his sock (because I was often going through his pockets, lol) and when we parked and walked around temple square, we stopped at the reflection pool and I dug in his pockets (see) to get some pennies. We did this quite often, so I didn't care I was in my PJ's with puffy face. Until..., “What’s wrong with you? You colored outside of the lines,” he said, pointing at a masterpiece torn from one of the books and exhibited front and center on the refrigerator door., Mon-AM: 1:25, 3000' ~ SoBo Peak, had a mother. This isn't just about being a mother; it's about appreciating, On Thursday that changed when Melbourne’s favourite craft brewery, Mountain Goat, teamed up with the very talented kitchen crew and Prof Pilsner to unofficially ‘cut the ribbon’ on the Beer Deluxe Grill by treating an appreciative crowd to the first of what will be many regular food and beer events., Plus! Gold Kiwis are enriched with double the vitamin C of oranges and six times more vitamin E than apples! this hydrating and skin-brightening line keeps skin soft all day long while repairing sun damage with quercetin from the skin of the gold kiwi!, By 1 April* - regulations laid in parliament, If you live in a home, condo, or apartment with decor and/or gardens and/or a terrace/patio you feel are worthy of national newsstand-quality magazine publication, or if you are an interior designer/decorator who would like your own home or a client project considered, please CONTACT ME with a short written description. I would also like to see a blog post or website link that includes photos if you have them, but please do not e-mail me photos unless I request them from you. If based on your written description and blog/website link photos I feel your home would be of interest to the magazines I write for, I will contact you. PLEASE NOTE: I only submit homes that are decorated in the cottage/country/shabby chic/French country/antique-collector style., Nikki entered the Licorice International Facebook contest and won a $15.00 gift certificate to be used at Licorice International online or at Licorice International, 803 Q Street, Lincoln, Nebraska., ‘are you a Nigerian’, What a great challenge, though, for me to veganize! I love being able to show that I can make a very similar and delicious dish that is much healthier and more importantly, compassionate. The plan seemed simple: leave the cow alone and use seitan for the steak, swap out the butter for vegan butter and the fries would be oven-baked., For now anyway. I am going to sleep now. Tomorrow is a stressful day that starts out with a visit to one of my favorite places – the dentist. Yeay., We came up with our new logo:, That’s it baby — drill baby drill, The Acer Iconia Tab A200 comes pre-installed with Clear-fi – Acer’s universal media player that ships on all laptops and tablets. The program enables you to quickly access your movies, music and pictures all with an attractive white sand background image., It will be a little climate shock for us, since the weather in Phoenix is lovely at 55 of, where PC has only 23 oF. Yikes!, After listening to Coast to Coast interview on April 1, 2010 with High and Ure, my mind was truly blown away. The technology they have discovered is able to give us a glimpse into future and what the future has in store for our planet in the next few years is not a pretty picture., Then, it turned into a rebellion against Japanese society(They are very formal and strict), and the girls started to tan darker, wear platform boots, and bleach their hair, this was referred to as Kogyaru/Ganguro, The booklet is $6.99 PDF download. The projects aren't even up on Ravelry yet. I just think this cowl would be so flattering in pink or rose for a bright winter accessory. Just in time for Valentine's day?, To be a mother in Israel in the full gospel sense is the highest reward that can come into the life of a woman. This designation has a deep and significant meaning, one that is far more than marrying and bearing children in this life, great and important as that course is. In fact, in the full and true sense of the word, the blessing of being mothers in Israel shall come in due course to some who, through no fault of their own, are denied the opportunity to marry and to bear children in this life. (Pres. Joseph Fielding Smith, Mothers in Israel, Relief Society Magazine, Dec 1970), Saturday: Out :), (Jesus is King of Kings), 11:00 – Harvard Bass, These are Powers, JDH & Dave P @ Santos Party House $7 (21+), Any individual or team can become more creative—better able to generate the breakthroughs that stimulate growth and performance. In fact, my experience with hundreds of corporate and organizational teams, ranging from experienced C-level executives to entry-level customer service reps, suggests that companies can use relatively simple techniques to boost the creative output of employees at any level., I forgot to take pics of the Sewing Room.. It was so fun seeing many sewing threads, Portable Sewing machine, Knitters on their cupboard. Also I asked one rhetorical question to the waitress ” Can I buy sewing threads here?”. Ofcourse the answer is no since it’s only decoration. but her expression was hillarious., Lunch today with leftovers from that plethora of grilled seafood last night became quesadillas. Also had a few black beans to put on them as well., George Clooney is doing his part to help re-elect the President, but he also knows that it's folks like you who will decide this election. That's why we're reserving a few spots for grassroots supporters., Jessica Gonacha Ooohh... that's a hard one. I want to try everything! I think I might choose sculpture with found objects. I'm always so intrigued by work that looks like the pieces were found in junk yards and back alleys. IT seems like it would there would e an element of treasure hunting to make work that way!, Beige jacket, Charlotte Russe. Coral blouse, Worthington. Green linen skirt with embroidery and beading, Richard Malcom. Beige slingbacks, Linea Paolo. Silver and turquoise earrings, hippie bead store at the Bellis Fair Mall., Simple is he, without., This reminded me of the story of the treacley Mather’s Black Beer being mixed with rum, and there’s another strong, syrupy drink I can think of – green ginger wine, sometimes mixed half and half with whisky to make the classic Whisky Mac., Nineteen years ago, almost to the day, we lost three astronauts in a terrible accident on the ground. But, we’ve never lost an astronaut in flight; we’ve never had a tragedy like this. And perhaps we’ve forgotten the courage it took for the crew of the shuttle; but they, the Challenger Seven, were aware of the dangers, but overcame them and did their jobs brilliantly. We mourn seven heroes: Michael Smith, Dick Scobee, Judith Resnik, Ronald McNair, Ellison Onizuka, Gregory Jarvis, and Christa McAuliffe. We mourn their loss as a nation together., Mary: What is the hardest part of writing for you?, So my dear friend KY arranged for a “yay! you’re engaged” happy hour gathering with the work peeps, the BFE and I on Friday afternoon after work! It was so thoughtful and fun! We had a blast, and KY even provided us with cute little “Congrats!” balloons that she tied to our chairs. We took them home, and it felt like taking a little bit of this thoughtful celebration with us., I had some other misgivings before going in: Silent melodramas (as opposed to comedies and swashbucklers) are often dreary to watch. As are certain modern attempts to recreate the genre (I’m thinking mainly of the films of Guy Maddin, which are beautiful but a little of him goes a long way). But Hazanavicius has his eye on the bottom line. There’s enough comedy, drama, sex, action and even dance to keep the thing moving. And in the end, a silent film, like any film, is about movement. We were engaged and moved the whole time., Now I've made up my mind, And if you don't like the ones floating around the auction houses, you can also commission him to do your own cover. I'd have 'Don't Become An Author' on mine., Would that we could all just stick our fingers in our ears and hum. But, no such luck. School, whether at home or seated in a roomful of the great unwashed, is a preparation for life outside the classroom., Measure it roundly., Whereas “Tainted Love” was just shitty!, As im aware you probably all have, but beacause u dont know what it means, your now sitting there thinking......what is it?...is it an animal?.....an object?......for the love of mankind TELLL MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE......., Sleep will be non-existent for a while. I am really worried about what happened to him., I went along with my birthday twin, Angela, (who's a total nip/tuck fan). We were made to feel very welcome on arrival and offered a choice of wine and sandwiches. We opted for white, and a wee cheeky tortilla wrap. The schedule for the evening included an introduction by the clinical lead, Dr Ahmed, followed by live demonstrations of dermal fillers and a 'vampire' face-lift! (More on these later...), Top with cherry pie filling., on the wall. Against, to open, At the end of the day, I suppose that I was barely a blip on these scammers' radars. I'm sure they're sending out millions of these emails every day using thousands of hacked accounts. Still, I can't help but wonder: if everyone that received emails from my hacked account would try to engage the spammers like I did, would they be so overwhelmed with reverse-spam that they would be forced to stop? If every hacked account led to 200, 500, 1000 return emails, slowly leading them along, requiring days of interaction and eventually leading to a dead end... would they finally throw up their hands and get out of the business?, This evening FoC Jonathan Lovett and reporter Lucy Purdy have been visiting NUJ members at the Rotherham Advertiser and Chief Photographer Anne-Marie Sanderson and News Editor Kim Inam attended a meeting of the London Photographers branch of the NUJ., Judge # 2 -- Hint of lime in the black beans. Good side dish for fish or, 16: 1:25-1:30 – Newton-Wellesley Hospital, CF: If I had to pick one thing out from the series as a whole it would probably be the plot arc that I managed to weave into the whole 13 episodes. It was subtle, yet it worked, and completely took people by surprise. I had people sure that Davros was coming back... so when Rassilon walked up to the TARDIS doors I would like to think that it took a lot of people by surprise! I must say some of it happened as spur-of-the-moment writing. I knew where I wanted to get to but the way that I did it was changed with pretty much every episode I wrote. In the end it all worked out fine., Some people - the lefties inhabiting the Media, for example - believe a priori that Mankind is destroying the planet with our pollution. The Global Warming theory - with its emphasis on CO2 to the exclusion of other, more important Greenhouse gases - is congenial to their pre-existing belief that society must fundamentally de-industrialize. The theory gives them a scientific veneer to pretty-up their beliefs. The actual details of the science are quite beside the point., Jack Thayer was a 17-year-old first class passenger on the RMS Titanic, traveling with his parents on that fateful night of April 15, 1912. He miraculously survived after an epic struggle in the frigid waters. His mother was able to board one of the lifeboats but sadly, his father John Thayer perished. Jack went on to graduate from the University of Pennsylvania four years later. In 1940, he described his harrowing experiences on the famed ship in a self-published book, of which 500 copies were printed for family and friends. Oceanographer Robert Ballard used it to determine the location of the Titanic and proved that the ship had split in half as it sank, contrary to popular belief., -Sam Kraus, 1. Describe yourself in 7 words., Is friends with., Jess will be placing books under the Kmart tree in Tasmania, Rachel in NSW and Brodie in Victoria., Up sleeves:, V/A - Shreds (Shredder Records 1988. Comp with Crimpshrine, gail & the fudgepackers, bo, special forces. 1000 pressed on clear red), "Waiting and watching. Weeping into your sleeves -- these are not the traits of heroes, neither Ulysses, nor Aeneas, and not Joshua. Think, rather, of Penelope. Think of all the women down through the years who have watched and waited -- but who, like the boys with their horse, wept and picked themselves up and went on -- and you will have a small sense, then, of the heroes here. The occupied, the bombed, and the very, very brave. This is Frankie Bard in London. Good night.", mix all ingredients together in a mug. microwave for 50 seconds. allow to cool to a safe temperature. enjoy!, that tends to grow peach fuzz instead of hair all over my body, I paid absolutely no attention to the despair other women were going through over this somewhat unfeminine scourge of theirs. My sisters and my mom are all brunettes, and they seemed to speak this unknown language of eyebrow picking and mustache removal wax that secretly, I was happy to skip. I had watched my mom pluck her eyebrows hundreds of times over years of my childhood, and the whole process kind of grossed me out. I hate pain in general. So, before I will embark on something painful, no matter how great it is going to make me look, I weigh all the pros and cons. And having perfectly shaped eyebrows just weren’t worth the plucking pain you had to stand to get them. Plus, frankly you can’t really see mine that well. They’re even lighter than my hair…win!, the beauty of this cake is that not only is it yeast free but its dairy free too... sure there is a bucket of eggs in there but its so light and moist it tastes so divine... the recipe draws its heritage from a Nigella recipe found in Feast and also her classic Clementine Cake but it's also very similar to one of my mum's passover cakes... it's more than possible they both got it from the same old jewish lady..., They happily followed us,, 6) The Night Circus, by Erin Morgenstern. Everyone in the world has read this novel about a mysterious circus that pitches its tents in the middle of the night and runs on possibly real magic, but for those who haven't, I recommend it. This is one of those books to read over a few days, not a few hours. I said: "This is not a thriller. This is a not an action-packed adventure. It’s not even a simmering revenge or bubbling rivalry novel. It is a novel about a thing, with love in it, and it spans over a decade. If you have a problem with that idea, it’s best you walk away now. But if you like Ann Patchett or Audrey Niffeneggar novels, or if you really thought JONATHAN STRANGE & MR. NORRELL was the bee’s knees, well. WELL. You have just found your next read. Enjoy. I did.", Enjoy the rest of your evening., The intensity of Barry’s violence is one of many ways in which Punch-Drunk Love works beyond its quirky little storyline and operates through a more complicated set of affective registers. At the film’s center, Barry is a likeable, but distant, character, whose anger and social awkwardness keeps audiences at arm’s length, and who inhabits a depressingly barren, colorless urban landscape. The plot goes in seemingly random directions, culminating in an awkward love affair involving a man with serious anger problems and a woman who may well be a stalker, and whose courtship largely involves busted up restrooms, moments of miscommunication, doses of self-loathing, and pillow talk that centers on affectionate descriptions of human mutilation., subway it will be... i'm pretty sure... especially after i happened upon the below photo example of said backsplash accompanying cabinet/hardware style almost identical to our selections., There are SMARTIES to boost your brain power and, The campfire that night was amazing with activities and a guest speaker from the Iroquois Nation. He taught them all some Native American dances and the meanings behind them. It was fabulous. I wish I had pictures from the camp fire, but I don't. 10 girls in a cabin meant little sleep, of course, but the next day was still great., Developers of the projects have already postponed several proposals or abandoned them entirely. The California agency charged with planning a renewable energy transmission grid has rerouted proposed power lines to avoid the monument., Even a little malicious, After spending several weeks around water buffaloes, I must say I wouldn’t mind having a few of them close to me… well, other than that pesky “stepping in buffalo poo on the way to the kitchen” problem., "Girlfriend says you are looking well, and wants to know if you have lost weight.", Chopped fresh parsley, its covering my will to live., But ... there is a price to be paid. To get the artwork scanned you have to ever so, ever so, evvverrrr so carefully pull the artwork off it's backing board. In the 1980's illustrators could buy artboard specifically for this purpose - it was called stripper board and you would pull up the corner and then gently roll the corner away from you using a cardboard tube to wrap the thing around. This is what seems to have happened with Barr's painting, only the board he created the picture on was not being as co-operative as the person tasked to perform this operation might have hoped and it looks like the operative placed with this delicate task might had substituted an object of much smaller radius to anchor the paper on as he rolled it off it's board., He said I do. She said I do. They kissed. Relief., To introduce this piece would be an exercise in futility as well as boring and pointless. So, I won’t introduce it. I’ve decided to add this intro graph, which is itself boring and pointless because that’s the way I write. Some advice on writing that one already-successful author listed was to write like you were writing to a friend, not a peer or adversary or teacher. Some better advice would be to write without trying to do anything, the only real writing and the only good writing is writing that transfers from your neurons to your nerves and into your fingers, or hand if you’re writing long form, with ease and with honesty. The moment you start trying to do something that didn’t already occur to you is the moment you failed as a writer., Sad how torment and whimpers turn out to be joyous cries after a thousand tries,, Now here’s another view from long, long away., Once upon a time, Delancey Stewart sat down to write a YA novel. Encouraged by the successes in this market that she’d seen recently achieved by other young (ahem) female writers who were new to the publishing game, she figured she could do it too. And quickly — like in a month — she wrote a first draft. Then she rewrote it entirely, and called it a second draft. Then she exposed it to the glaring light of day and realized that it still needed work. And she was tired., Men: Is there anything about Parisian men that doesn't make you roll your eyes? What do they do that makes you think, "Oh yah. That one's def from Paname!"?, I’m still looking for a free one from Apple but so far no luck. Do you know of one? Share it with me., Big Business is about the small picture., Let us ask God for this gift making Brennan Manning’s prayer ours., "English sailors were being piped over their ship's side, and on board the enemy's. Like rats the St Philip's crew began to bolt from her on every side. They had run her aground, and fire had broken out. At the peal of a trumpet, the English cut the anchor ropes of all the four great Apostolic galleons; they began to heel over on the mudbank, and from the St Philip there came 'tumbling into the sea heaps of soldiers, so thick as if coals had been poured out of a sack ... some drowned and some sticking in the mud.... The spectacle was very lamentable, for many drowned themselves; many, half burnt, leapt into the water; very many hanging by the ropes' ends by the ships sides, under the water even to the lips; many swimming with grievous wounds, stricken under water and put out of their pain; and withal so huge a fire and such tearing of ordnance in the great Philip and the rest, when the fire came to them as, if any man had a desire to see Hell itself, it was there most lively figured. Ourselves spared the lives of all, after the victory; but the Flemings, who did little or nothing in the fight, used merciless slaughter, till they were by myself, and afterward by my Lord Admiral, beaten off.", Starring: Boris Karloff, Anna Lee, John Loder, Donald Calthorp, and Frank Cellier, One of the wonders of Winter’s Bone, based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, is how much it reveals about both its heroine and its setting not through tiresome exposition but through action. Granik and co-screenwriter Anne Rossellini don’t toss in so much as a throwaway line about Ree’s upbringing, but judging by her resourcefulness it’s clear that she had to figure most of life out for herself. In her hardscrabble way, Ree is the most heroic character I’ve seen at the movies all year, and Lawrence is a dynamo, less an up-and-comer angling for a career boost than a young performer with serious chops that were just waiting for be revealed. Lawrence isn’t playing a Hollywood hillbilly- Ree is a clever young woman whose circumstances have made her wise beyond her years, and she knows how to navigate a world that spits out weaker souls., In such a regrettable scenario, they’d have to pay for everything independently. They’d have to pay for each and every thing burgled and its installment charges also. Using this method, they would end up paying for just about every service and object two times. Quite possibly, they might need to pay higher this time around as the expense of everything goes up almost every other day., I completely understand that as I am affiliated elsewhere, I didn't expect to be able to participate in the democratic caucuses. But at least they welcomed me as an observer. I tried, on the state GOP's website, to verify the location of my precinct's meeting and it wouldn't even let me see the information without registering as a republican. Now, even with the recent redistricting, I already knew my precinct and where we were supposed to meet. But I knew immediately I wasn't even welcome as an observer in the GOP's meetings., And since I am a visual learner, I lost the sense of it all along the way., But it did make me start thinking about trading up my old clodhoppers and possibly going to see a professional about my leg pain., The acting was stellar on all accounts. The biggest standout was Joan Allen who portrayed her sadness and aggravation with a realistic flair. It was also interesting to see Tobey Maguire, Christina Ricci, Katie Holmes and Elijah Wood as young actors. They definitely showcase their talents, especially Tobey Maguire, with his surprisingly large bong hit., Cool completely before stroring. The cookies can be kept for months, the flavor will improve with age., ask and you will receive, so that your joy may be complete. (John 16:23b-24), A Traveller in Italy by H V Morton, not actually found in the library but given to me recently by my old college professor - a happy coincidence given that we are planning our own travels in Italy - is a such a pleasure to read. I cannot say travel writing is a genre that has heretofore particularly interested me but I can see me reaching for more of Morton's books, especially those about Rome. The Fountains of Rome was a darn good read if a little too heavy (physically) for bedtime reading., My wife and I have just spent the last few months watching every episode of "Doc Martin" a British TV series about a Doctor (not that other Doctor) who relocates from a job as a top surgeon in London to general practitioner in Portwenn, a tiny fictional village in Cornwall., Stay tune for a wonderful announcement!, Namnam Cafe (318 Wallace Avenue) is a fairly hip Vietnamese casual place which opened last year on the St. Matthews-Clifton border. It falls on to what is to my mind the wrong side of the divide (I’m still somewhat bitter about the time the St. Matthews police hassled me), but has much to recommend it: a bright, cheery ambiance, an apparently authentic menu, and a pleasingly diverse list of local beers. Generally speaking, I don’t go too much out of the urban core of the city, and I’m generally a bit dubious of Viet cuisine outside of the South End, so even though this was on my list, it was easy to overlook and I put off actually coming here for a long time. Their menu has a good range of standby casual-Vietnamese foods, including noodle soups, noodle salads, rice dishes, and the like: it also has four varieties of bánh mi: pork (analogous to a th<U+1ECB>t nu<U+1EDB>ng), chicken (ga), tofu (chay), and cold cuts (th<U+1ECB>t ngu<U+1ED9>i), all for $6 except for the th<U+1ECB>t ngu<U+1ED9>i, which is $6.50. We waited for some time, but it’s a sit-down place, and relaxation is the rule., You have them all out, Lil, and get a nice set,, Remembering the good times and forgetting about the bad are the keys to happiness, claims a new study. Researchers found that people with personality traits that allow them to be nostalgic about the past have higher life satisfaction than those who exaggerate or mull over their failures., Buckle up, America. It’s going to be a very long, hot summer., We'll, it's turned out to be a huge success with some tweaking along the way...like the kids requesting private time to work on the challenge rather than feeling the competition of working on it together, for instance, which took away from the fun of the individual challenge. This is the most recent challenge Jim brought home for the kids, "The Impossible Domino Challenge," and the one that's most lent itself to a blog post. The upper photo was Emily's first attempt, while the lower photo is Julia's solution. After a few tears but shear determination (Jules has the patience of Job, and always has!), Julia was the first to get it to work. Well, actually, this is Julia's second successful building, but the first to stay up long enough to take a photo, and in fact to stay up long enough for her father to get home from work and see it with his own eyes., Cardstock (kraft, white and yellow), I was walking around my favorite nursery trying to decide how to spend the points I'd earned over the last year and spotted this Hellebore. It hadn't even been unloaded yet but I knew that's what I wanted to use my points on. It is Hellebore Winter Jewels 'Cherry Blossom'. It's not quite all the way opened but I couldn't wait any longer to post a picture. I added it to the new bed by the pond., ATTORNEY: How was your first marriage terminated?, “It was very intense,” Esquinca said. “You just want the time to run out (when) playing a man down., actually going on, and from then on it got interesting. The talk of magic and witches up until that point just annoyed me because nobody was actually doing anything about it. I’m sorry, but electric appliances blowing up don’t really thrill me all that much. Post chapter 27, the plot suddenly picked up pace and there were twists and turns all over the place. By the end of the novel, which totally sets itself up for a sequel, I found myself actually wanting to know what will happen next., Why the omission by Luke (or, more likely, the addition by Matthew)? Because Matthew is associated with the mission of James in Jerusalem, and is the most “Hebrew” of all the Gospels, while Luke is associated with Paul’s mission and is the most “Greek” of all the Gospels., I felt like responding with:, Secondly, the writers are simply abandoning storylines and picking them up again when necessary. Examples? Jung Ah. Michael. The Loanshark Tae San. Even that ‘what’s his name’ friend. Isn’t that what you’d call loose ends? YGM was supposed to be a brand made for Tae San, at his investment. Fine, he withdrew it later at Jae Hyuk’s pressure but that’s it?! What about Michael? He made the deal with Young Gul seeing Young Gul’s talent, right? So how can they just change hands on YGM without a fuss? Fine, you wanna move Young Gul from the equation-do so by all means but at least involve the parties in it! Make it seem legit and believable! We get a contract signed by Michael for a brand which he endorsed because of a specific person and now that specific person has been removed from the equation but all’s still well in the world? Really, writers?, “All Summer” by Kid Cudi, Rostam Batmanglij, and Beth Cosentino (26), (And always have been hisses an ancient echo)., ...enjoy crappy reality television - probably more than I should., about the eu and all the regulations that make life hard,, Ambit is fairly frank about embracing the direct sales model. It charges its consultants $399 to sign up, and another $19 a month for a website. I'm guessing that these fees will go some way to funding the 7% two-month discount., *Bent Feather Stamp (066c), Our whole family, including me, lol, all love to play video games. We have a Playstation 3, an old DS, an older PSP, and a Wii. Personally, the only one Miss Sassy and I ever play is the Wii. I got the Wii Fit Plus to go with it, and I love it! I also recently bought Zumba for Wii. I haven't really tried all of it yet, but plan on it soon. I'll keep you updated on that. I think it might be something really awesome! I really only play with the Wii to help me "work out" because it makes it more like a game, instead of work. I hate working out. The game that comes with the Wii Fit Plus is all fitness based, but are really fun and even kind of addicting. It really makes me want to keep doing it. My hubby loves watching me do the hula hoop game, but what he doesn't realize is that it's much more funny watching him do it, than me! hehehe!, Have yourself a whopper of a tax break, Before we get to the coffee shop, let’s start closer to home. With the increased prevalence of broadband (such as DSL or FIOS) in the home, people have discovered the convenience of wireless routers to configure home networks or connect mobile devices to their computers. In some cases, these routers are shipped with minimal security., We can march up to the Union Buildings until the cows come home. We are not going to move ourselves forward until we free ourselves from ourselves!, Lee Smith, Costs of printing * L 3.72 L 8.02, Hoarding art work in place., This coincides with Lammas, Celtic quarter day, fire festival of the ancient Britons which was celebrated at the height of Nature’s season of bounty, the middle of the fruiting year when Earth empties her cornucopia into the laps of an unsuspecting world. As the midpoint (in all calendars ancient and modern) between summer solstice, June 21st, and autumn equinox, Septmember 23rd, Lammas –Lughnasad, the festival of light god, Lugh, revered in indigenous harvesting communities in the Old World– marks the point in the celestial sphere where the Sun culminates, arriving at 15 Leo on August 7th, a week from now., We still have three more days to go, so who knows where Santa's hat will end up next! (Also, as much as I'm loving this Amuse candy cane paper, it is impossible to take a photo of it without it looking all wonky, so I hope you didn't get any vertigo from today's photos.), Hello fellow blog followers! So the interview I had last week went well. I am on the substitute teaching list at a charter school for middle and high school students. I haven't gotten called yet, but was told that I could be as busy as 3-5 days/week. I guess I'll just have to wait and see. I have had a few chances to network with business professionals around the area through chamber events and local business groups. I have a busy week ahead following up on employment leads such as: short term marketing positions at 2 local coffee roasteries, and a possible sales position at a software company. Those are the job leads that would be based out of Sandpoint so far. In addition to that, I am also working on sales opportunities with a couple logistics companies as well as an audio and web meeting solutions co. You know the old saying, "if you throw enough stuff on the wall, something's gotta stick"! If anyone has any other ideas I am all ears. :) When I'm not job hunting I spend my time biking up mountains, and finding new trails to run. Back to Kare..., I want to welcome in the new year with a bit of a new twist on my blog. Writing is not one of my best points...I am a very visual type person..., * 1 package jalapeno cheddar tortillas (I used jalapeno cilantro flavor), Then I got dressed in a black harp dress, put on cute harp shoes, headed downstairs to get the harp ready to go and - No! A broken string!, This was not a day I cared for as a child after a certain point in my growing up, or even as an adult child. My mother is dead now so the issue is moot except where my own kids are concerned. I get phone calls on the appointed day just because they do love me (at least I hope that's what motivates them), unlike my own feelings for my mother whom I did not like very much and held any love I might have had for her in abeyance so that any call or gift she got from me was strictly out of duty. She was a selfish self centered woman and I could expect no real affection or even interest in my life from her in return. Our jobs as her children; my sister, my brother, and I; were to orbit her, Draft 4: Okay, I think I'm finally getting there. But why is this sentence so long? And why is there a comma there? And why do all my characters roll their eyes? Where are there eyes eyes eyes everywhere?, He has had his opportunity. That opportunity has lasted for a hundred years in a splendid land which he found ready prepared for him. Yet to-day we find him with a Government which, save in the single point of force majeure, has degenerated into a farce; and as for the country itself, houses and plantations have disappeared, and where clearings once were there is now impenetrable forest. Certainly he has existed through one hundred years of internecine strife, but he has never for six consecutive months governed himself in any accepted sense of the word. Today, and as matters stand, he certainly cannot rule himself., Our hotel shone with marbled floors, manicured lawns, numerous swimming pools and was filled with approximately 1500 friendly, hard-working employees who greeted us with “hola” and a hand over their heart. It was a far cry from our motel at Chichen Itza years ago where we were just happy to have air conditioning. This was also my first “all inclusive” experience and I could get used to ordering freely from the menu and not having to calculate tips after every meal. The choices were international with many fusion dishes but the portions small. If you were still hungry, just order another course - which was true of the weak drinks they served., Look, I get that most of the past two sentences are sort of pot and kettle comments coming from Kentucky, but when was the last time you saw a grown up in face paint in Rupp Arena, much less Commonwealth Stadium. It just doesn’t happen., Indeed, it is the biological imperative at work; men do a little peacocking, women accept or reject. Don’t get me wrong, men select and reject also, but women have lots of power. And yet, perhaps a suitable, healthy, compatible mate would come precisely from the population of those I’ve rejected. Perhaps I am over-selective based on bad experiences. Perhaps others do the very same thing., Don't worry - I'm not going to bore you with a long list because I'm not going to bother with the long list of stuff that I don't stick to., He subsequently went on to serve as a Counselor in the North America Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MINREX). Martinez Borbonet arrived in Nicaragua last November, two weeks after a landslide victory propelled longtime Havana-ally Daniel Ortega into a controversial third term. The appointment of Martinez Borbonet as ambassador reflects the increasingly close ties between the two nations. Previously, Rene Ceballo Prats had led the Embassy as chargé d’affaires since 2009., In May 2009 Arnold J held that eBay was not liable as a joint tortfeasor for acts of trade mark infringement, through the sale of infringing products by its users, despite there being, in the judge's opinion, more that eBay could have done to prevent such sales from occurring. However, the judge felt that he could not make a decision as to whether eBay was liable for trade mark infringement as a result of its use of sponsored links on third party search engines and its own site, insofar as they lead people to postings for infringing products, without a reference to the ECJ. Guidance was also sought as to whether sales of testers and unboxed goods constituted trade mark infringement, as well as to the scope of injunctive relief available under Article 11 of the Enforcement Directive., I hope this post provided some Hump Day entertainment!, Linda, well Linda, what can I say. She is the great encourager, the one in charge of details and making everyone feel special and at home! She preshipped numerous items for our very special tea that day!, I knock hoping you won’t open, Chad found another one at the store today, and it was like old times as he held court in the middle of the back issues, flanked by customers as he read aloud from the panels. And although it puts my journalistic integrity at serious risk, I'm willing to steal his jokes to bring you another installment of my hard-hitting exposés on where exactly bad comics crossed the line. It's a risk I'm willing to take so that you stay informed, so this one's dedicated to my main man Radical C, along with my respect and thanks., youth, Begin the hours of this day slow., One of the themes in the comments yesterday was sharing how we keep things organized. After many false starts and different methods starting kindergarten this year, we finally found our perfect solution. This weekly calendar, found at Target:, Because it’s in that moment where, The prize winners of last weeks’ challenge are:, Never mind! This is Norby (pictured) singing a Cuban love song.Norby was a guide for me during my visit.I visited her home & met her Family & she even introduced me to The Bishop Of Havana!, This is the second time this nonsense has happened to Brees. In 2008, Peyton Manning was named MVP and Brees was named Offensive Player of the Year. Poor Drew … the writers must think his leadership skills are TERRIBLE. Or that he's really hurt the team on special teams. This year, Brees broke Dan Marino's almost-30-year record for most passing yards in a season. He led the NFL in touchdown passes. He set an NFL record by completing 71.2% of his passes. Seems pretty valuable. Plus don't his teammates talk all the time about how he leads, how he inspires, haven't there been like 10,000 stories about his leadership skills the last few years?, Put down the gun! I meant your words, those precious words you have slaved over for your novel., After enjoying a mojito, a bowl of gumbo with cornbread and a hot spicily dressed salad, I was ready to go for the ride Trisha suggested in her new car with a moon roof. She drove, I navigated and Em took pictures, giggling to herself in the back seat. The first goal was to share a siting of the Woman in White, who I have never seen when anyone was with me. A figment? A spirit? A sprite? True to form, she didn't show for us. Em was ready with her camera, just in case., I am thankful for language. I love to read and I love to write; I realize that if I had grown up in another country I might not have had such easy access to books and language. I might not have had an opportunity to be educated and to come to love words. My life would be very different without words and language. I also love American Sign Language — it's a beautiful language and one that I feel privileged to learn., By the next generation, that of Mitt Romney’s grandfather Gaskell, the practice was all but non-existent. Mitt Romney has called polygamy “bizarre”., I have been ordering some things to use for Christmas projects. Haven't felt like going out shopping so on line shopping was my solution. I have been watching and studying all the posts on Copic Markers. I have a few and wanted to get more since I am now addicted to rubber stamps. I just could not justify the cost so I broke down and ordered the Twin Touch markers. They have not come yet. The price was considerably less and the reviews that I read seem like they are very much like the Copics--refillable and you can get new nibs for them. Can't wait til they get here. Wish me luck., The ‘donor’ of the sperm has no right whatsoever over the child even if prior agreement or contract was entered into to give him the right over the child., This is the first time I have seen her creative side too. Though she has said she won't be making another in a hurry. This one took her 3 hours ( Bless ) and said it's the hardest thing she's ever done., What a night, even for this 27-year old native., Wait! What is that I hear? I think it's the wind whistling down Park Avenue and through the Dorchester non-existent office space., Good old fashioned white from the hardware store -- no name, just white -- right off the shelf. ;) I always use semi or high gloss on all of my moldings. I've used many different brands and don't find a big difference when it comes to glossy paint., Thank you to Amanda Williams Deputy Head who began and coordinated the project in this school and to everyone involved., Water World was created over a year ago and it seems fitting and accidental that the video Water world was completed on this Day. It features images and interpretations of life on Earth in water to the cosmos. There are images of The Saturn’s largest moon Titan and it’s lakes. Including in this video is The Waterfall Nebula and Water World Planet GJ1214b. We exists in a water world and water is everywhere. In every galaxy and dimensions. Imagine flying or swimming from one planet or dimension to another. That is off the planet. Peace to Earth and the rest of the universe., I am trying to recall the last time I saw the remains of an accident or murder victim shown in The Washington Post or Los Angeles Times. I realize that lifeless bodies are part of reality, but it is still somewhat jarring to see them in print., Make sure you don't miss any entries of this new series by subscribing to this blog on your Kindle (works for both devices and apps, all platforms). It's just 99c a month and you can try before you buy: free for the first 14 days. Subscribe here., Wohlstetter then became intrigued by the many issues involved in providing airbases for Strategic Air Command (SAC) bombers, the country’s primary retaliatory force in case of nuclear attack by the Soviet Union. What he came up with was a comprehensive and theoretically sophisticated basing study. It ran directly counter to the ideas of General Curtis LeMay, then the head of SAC, who, in 1945, had encouraged the creation of RAND and was often spoken of as its “Godfather.”, Well, I guess it could be party of two if I’m not careful and pass along my “gene” to Clementine. But alas, I find myself with many inner ramblings and things to say, sometimes so much so that I feel like I might explode. Since I’m no longer paying a therapist to listen to these rantings of mine, you – the lucky readers of my new blog – will reap the benefits of my poor attitude expressed in the written word., And that's me. As if you hadn't figured that out., I don’t remember ever not being a nerd. Star Trek has been on the family TV since I was a baby and I fell in love with comics not long after I learned to read., What do you think: Is this Biblical or not?, When I told him,, Now, I actually go to sleep at the same time, sack out, and wake up moments before I need to get up and I'm okay with it., chance., This conception was incorporated into the United Nations, which barred “the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state.”, Ask yourself a few objective questions about your website before embarking on an editing quest or reconstruction project. Does your website clearly layout who you are? Are you presenting the information or message you want to send? Is the website easy to navigate? If you’re a small to mid-sized company you can ask employees, friends and family to help. Have them test and try to navigate through your website. If there is a common theme that people seem to like, keep it. If there is a spot where most of your employees, friends or family have a hard time navigating, change it., The Office Character Andy Bernard once said “The drama. I hate the DRAMA!” in an episode of The Office. But in this case, last night at the NFL Draft, I think as fans we can all say that “we loved the drama.”, It was totally emotional when Heather's dad gave a speech, saying that as much as he loves to sing, he doesn't like to sing in public. But when Heather asked if he could sing "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" at the wedding, he said: "How could I say no to my daughter on her most special day?" So he started singing and there was not a dry eye in the audience. It was absolutely beautiful!, Besides the tantrums, she has approached it all with gusto and confidence. The baby who slept in our bed, breastfed constantly and needed to be held to not be screaming, the child who I was making numerous rods for my own back with, is the most outgoing, self assured, clever little girl ever., In some of the recent and most historic civil conflicts around the world today from Libya, Sudan and today in Syria, a common dilemma facing those countries and the international community is whether attempts to resolve conflicts peacefully should always take priority over any attempts to bring those who have committed mass atrocities to justice. This has become also one of the biggest challenges facing the International Criminal Court which has faced criticism that its focus on bringing those most responsible for such atrocities to justice has undermined peace attempts in countries like Sudan and Uganda. Professor Mendes will discuss whether this is a false dilemma and that in many situations of mass atrocities there is really not a zero sum game between peace and justice. He will focus in particular on the present attempts to bring the top leaders accused of crimes against humanity in Sudan, Uganda and possible future attempts against the, 1 3/4 pounds zucchini, sliced, For a practical application of this, see for example Tom Owad’s application for identifying subversives on Amazon via their wishlists using a bot that queries the site. A mashup combining this with photo recognition technologies would be relatively straightforward and itself could be combined and recombined endlessly with other mashups to provide a much sharper slice of someone’s life than is now visible through even the most invasive state database systems in the world., - almond meringue cookies (by our friend, Sukma), I did all of this without adult supervision., OK now it’s your turn. What new experience have you been on lately? Or new places you’ve visited. Please tell me in the comment box below. I love to hear about everyone’s thrilling experiences and would love to get ideas on where to visit next., “Titanium”, Till we turn’d menacing here, and then he left us., home made vanilla ice cream, God tried direct contact with man under former administrations and then with the nation Israel He used His spokesmen, the prophets. These all failing, He sent His only begotten Son who ministered with Israel for three years. They, as a nation still rejected the Word of God in these very personal ways. What makes anyone today think that he would be prone to heed the voice of the Lord if verbally spoken?, It originates from the Christian God. That refutes your absurd claim of "which god?" also. As if you didn't know. Because, as you well know, it is the Christian position that God has revealed Himself to all mankind so that we can know for certain who He is. Those who deny His existence are suppressing the truth in unrighteousness to avoid accountability to God. It is the ultimate act of rebellion against Him and reveals the professing atheist's contempt toward God., Girl Scout 1: big eyes fill with tears, low lip quivers But...but..., It was the British Empire that brought over more Tamils to pick tea, it was the British that had handed white collared jobs to the Tamils and it was through this secondary fact that our independent newly elected Govt decided to take to hand. By the 1970s, the Govt had wanted to introduced the Policy of standardization to rectify disparities created in university enrollment in Sri Lanka undercolonial rule. A student named Satiyaseelan formed Tamil Manavar Peravai (Tamil Students League) to counter this move.[21][22] This group comprised Tamil youth who advocated an armed insurrection against the government. Inspired by the failed 1971 insurrection of Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna, it was the first Tamil insurgent group of its kind…., It’s a great honor to be the safe place for a child., But on to the subject of this post: PRUNES! Prunes are plums in French. Dried plums, aka, prunes are called pruneaux in French. I've had quite alot of prunes around lately. They're in season right now. So I made one of my favorite tartes and tried my hand at making jam., Also included is a selected scenes commentary by actress Juliette Binoche. She talks about meeting Kieslowski for the first time and how they talked about philosophy. She turned down a role in Jurassic Park (1993) to do Blue. The actress gives her impression of the director and what it was like to work with him., Most importantly, running allows you to concentrate on the task at hand and forget all the stressors in your daily life., Destinations and Songs, Now games have a very clear narrative structure to them. Characters, story, and aspects similar to those of a movie, novel, or TV show. However, there is a totally different aspect to games than there is to any of these. The aspect of play and interactivity that isn’t present in these other items., Out came my burger and fries, and it was absolutely perfect. Cooked to a nice medium, perfectly seasoned, topped with Provolone cheese and some onions. You could tell the beef was nice, and had just enough fat in it to keep it juicy and tasty. The bun was fresh with a nice crusty outside, and a nice soft inside. These were obviously baked fresh, and probably delivered daily. The fries were nice thick cut steak fries that you see at a lot of places, and they accompanied the burger well., Stamp: Nurse Tilda and Marianne Design text stamp, #31 1972 Danny Ayub EP Coronado 120 Yard Hurdles 14.0, Together As One..., I caught the CBC’s “The Perfect Runner” last week on “The Nature of Things with David Suzuki”. Great documentary on how humans have survived and have evolved to become the perfect long distance runner., 2 tbsp butter or margarine/oil**, I kept going and as the clock hit midnight, Eastern Standard Time, I had only three pages left. In that regard I failed. However, I stayed up until 1am and finished those remaining three pages. The script was done. I felt good., One of the cool things about Smarty Pig is other people can contribute to your savings goal, to help you get there faster. Check out my SmartyPig widget in the link below and throw me a few dollars while you’re at it :), Daft Punk ~ One More Time ~ Virgin ~ 2000, This wasn’t, in my eyes, Lost Persona’s best effort but it is packed with songs that I’d much rather see live. It is an E.P that expresses their courage to delve into new sounds, their intelligence and their exceptional musicianship. Lost Persona are really a diamond in the rough and if you haven’t seen them live yet, I strongly suggest you do so., I used to go to summer camp. I always hated it. It was pretty awful. They forced me to swim when I didn’t know how. You couldn’t flick on an AC at will. Harvestmen would crawl on your face at night. Lastly, you had to sing those stupid, stupid songs…, Next go back to the food items and retrieve your neatly separated sausages., All this I see in my reflections of one, For years, I felt a little insecure about Tina. I felt like my ex still had a thing for her, but don’t we all have a thing for our first love? I’ve admitted before that I have some trust issues/baggage, but ultimately, I trusted him when he told me had zero interest in her. She was married, to a preacher of all people, he told me. She had children, and he would never want to be with someone who already had children. And, she was not attractive anymore – motherhood had not done her well., I bought this little cart at Walmart for around $13. It's the best purchase I've ever made. The kids can sort their own laundry, and it fits into the small space I have in the laundry room. I keep a laundry basket on the floor for towels., I heard a loud roar, so I quickly opened the door and stepped outside. I could hear the ice cracking from one end of the lake to the other in several places. I have heard of thermal contraction on concrete highways, but I didn’t know it happened on ice covered bodies of water. I never imagined a noise this loud, it lifted the hair on the back of my neck., Which ever way it goes, it is not the way to start a relationship., The brilliant splashes of bright red are a welcome distraction from the rather dry and parched landscape here in the foothills. When you look across the dry bushland from our front verandah, you can see just how these blooms stand out. Can you see those splashes of red in that neighbour's yard?, This technique is perfect for adding inked images that you may not have a stamp for - but it does work best with mostly solid, silhouette type cuts., Delhi’s mood varies from locality to locality. The by-lanes of Old Delhi are like a surreal art house movie taking you to a different time zone and then there are sprawling parks, university campuses , the ridge areas thick with wood and grass and all their unsolved mysteries., at doing other people’s hair than my own, Yesterday I bought a new vacuum cleaner for our house because we are going to bring our old one to work to use outside on the deck, but when we plugged the new one in it blew the master fuse in the house! Something's definitely wrong with that... I'm going to take it back today and try to explain that it's broken in English to Greek speaking sales assistants. Wish me luck! Actually most people speak a bit of English here... one of the reasons I haven't gotten past the basics of Greek myself yet. I'd rather be learning Spanish... Greek is so hard!, One wonders what happened., It was a very nice way to pass a day., I love the following exercise. Close your eyes and say the following to yourself, repeating each statement three times:, About a hundred years ago when radios were called wirelesses, CDs were considered witchcraft and Jesus was still in short robes, I went to drama school and studied the noble craft of acting., David’s work resulted in 650 cherry-picked music locations and with a number as big as that it’s easy to get your head in the spin deciding where to go and what to see. David shared his favourite location with us: “It’s a house (‘Brookfield’) in Surrey, England, which I knew had been owned by and became an inspiration to rock star Stephen Stills. But the more I researched the more I discovered. Firstly, it’s the most beautiful Elizabethan mansion, but it’s recent history included Peter Sellers owning it and the Beatles reforming there after George Harrison left briefly when Ringo Starr owned the place. It gets a two page feature in the book”., I was thoroughly satisfied, not to mention hopeful for some drama and consequence in my own sedentary existence. But now it was time to get back to my research. I dug into Ms. Ozaki’s enticing collection of stories—and I encourage you to do the same!, The Bristol high temperature compressors in the K/T/BMH & K/T/BEH Hermetic condensing unit product lines are no longer available., He stressed that under no circumstances will the Brotherhood recognize the State of Israel., I follow his blog and I found this post particularly worthwhile to writers everywhere, and it wasn’t just because of the Everest simile…though that was the sealer for me., Here I am, I'm not lost. Don't ask me where the time has gone. We all got an extra day but it flew by just like the rest of them do. Was going to write on the 1st as that was my daughter's birthday, but that has come and gone!!!!, toasted baguette slices, Comedy Central’s Indecision is a television segment turned blog that covers politics and elections, not without humor of course. Their latest post conveniently relates to the subject matter of this blog (which is hipsters, in case you’ve forgotten because I haven’t mentioned them enough). Comedian Jordan Carlos thinks that the GOP candidates should try to get hipsters on their side: “Young men these days love to sport the handlebar mustaches their great great granddads used to wear. But why stop there?! Why not rock great great grandad’s political views, as well?!” Hipsters as a demographic? It’s interesting that this article, even though it is an ironic one, acknowledges hipsters as a recognizable and target-able force in voting process. Not just teens or young adults, but “hipster kids.” It made me realize that a lot of industries have been to target hipsters if they know that hipsters would be interested in their product. Examples to follow…, Into an enduring reach for forever, 5 – I’m obsessed with Super Heroes but in 26 years of my life i have just read one super Hero comic., Enough of hurt, I met a man who wasn't there., So what would your friends rename you to? Will you stay a Joe, or a Barnabas? Either way, go out there and encourage someone will ya??, supplies used: scor-tape, ATG, glue dots, distress tool, Tea Dye Distress Ink, StazOn, StarDust Stickles, Ranger SuperFine Detail Gold EP, Sizzix Branch with Leaves, Spellbinders Labels 2,smallest, MS Eyelet Lace Punch, Ave Dive Hadriane Auguste!, Mr. Helm gave his drums a muffled, bottom-heavy sound that placed them in the foundation of the arrangements, and his tom-toms were tuned so that their pitch would bend downward as the tone faded. But his playing didn’t call attention to himself. Three bass-drum thumps at the beginning of one of the Band’s anthems, “The Weight,“ were all that he needed to establish the song’s gravity. His playing served the song. In “The Shape I’m In," he juxtaposed Memphis soul, New Orleans rumba and military tattoo. But though it was tersely responsive to the music, the drumming also had an improvisational feel., At one time in the mid 1960s – well before his TV fame in the early 1990s – he owned six houses and became a horse race tipster – he was banned from three betting offices for being too successful. He had inside information: he knew someone who was married to a multi-millionaire who sold meat to Morrison’s supermarkets:, Jesus did this Himself. He would disappear and go off by Himself to pray and spend time with God. Jesus tells His disciples and us that at times we need to not be serving others, but give ourselves some time with God. We have to do this, otherwise our relationship with the Father will diminish and we will not be able to serve as well as He needs us to., If reviewers are commissioned by publications, in my view they should be paid for that work. But it is nothing to me if they are not. That is between them and their employers. What happens at paid shows is nothing to me either. But in my view, both (the employers of) reviewers and competition judges should pay for their show tickets. Otherwise, this is money taken from the pockets of performers. When restaurants are reviewed by most reputable publications, the reviewers remain anonymous and pay for their meals., Elizabeth Banks, like Stacy Keibler, also opted for a deeper brow color than many of the blondes we’ve highlighted so far. Whether they’re false lashes or extensions, Elizabeth went for broke with MAJOR eyelashes and a beautiful seafoam shimmer eyeshadow, and her brows needed this amount of color for the right balance. Although not as dark or precisely shaped and groomed as Stacy’s, Elizabeth’s have a more organic and natural shape, and are nicely filled. Were her makeup artist using BrowPro, she would have used Medium Light on Elizabeth., why I loved it: What I call a "perfect story" The tragic romance, the betrayal, the twists and turns and surprises and heart tugging adventure all adds up to The Count of Monte Cristo. If Alexandre were alive, I'd congratulate him., Yet, I feel in the pit of my stomach that this situation could lead to a teacher conference. I'm pretty sure you do not read these aloud, so I think the only one who will be embarrassed is your teacher, when she has to explain to me as a first-time parent where the boundaries are for drawing letter words., So I filled my tank on Tuesday night, and I started driving like a ‘granny’ as soon as I left the petrol station. I cannot believe I’m admitting this… But I can already see a drastic improvement in my fuel consumption. I’m quite stunned actually, in a very good way! And in all honesty, I’m quite enjoying the ‘chilled’ drive, just brushing off other idiots on the road, just sticking to the rules of the road and doing my thing. And you know what I’ve realised but taking the ‘chilled’ approach? There are a lot of drivers out there who not only don’t know how to drive, think they own the roads and are just plain a**holes, but if everyone just took a chilled approach to driving, there might just be a lot less accidents on our roads., Carson has been doing really well without the feeding tube. We thought we would pull the tube and see if we can get him to eat orally BEFORE doing the permanent G tube. His asthma seems to be under control for the first time since April/May. But this week he has been running high fevers and throwing up. I took him to the doctor and he probably has strep so he is on a Z pack for 5 days., 02, diabetics must make to their diet and lifestyle habits cannot be a fad, they must be permanent and all-pervasive., The later-onset group:, Logo, Freedom Is More Than Just A 7-Letter Word explains how to achieve Freedom peacefully, by employing principles defined in the Magna Carta 1215. These principles are called ‘Lawful Rebellion’. You have the Inalienable Natural Right to peaceful Lawful Rebellion – until such time as everyone and everything else accepts your Freedom, and leaves you alone, to live your life in peace, without any (usually Statutory) forfeit, forbearance, or any other impediments. This is possible because Statutes are not the Law-of-the-Land. They are the Law-of-Waters, and need your consent to be applied on dry land. (That’s the bit they didn’t bother to tell you about at school). This book tells you how to refuse consent, and make it perfectly clear that you are a Freeman-on-the-Land, subject only to Common Law jurisdiction., The Mormon population descended from the original settlers has declined dramatically over the years with many from the younger generation leaving because of security concerns or for better jobs north of the border., So, in the end, this had very little to do with human rights and everything to do with an Islamist group fighting for power against an Islamic state. However, as is probably clear by now, Masari required the language of human rights, with a few quotes from Shakespeare thrown in, in order to hoodwink the West with some masterful taqiyya. And the West was required because any help was useful in his organisation’s fight against the Saudi state., In 1972, the School Sisters of Notre Dame (SSND), Baltimore Province, over the objections of fellow sisters, released Gramick from her teaching assignment at the College of Notre Dame so that she might pursue a career in “gay” politics starting with the formation of Dignity/Washington, D.C., and Dignity/Baltimore. She later joined the (Marxist) Quixote Center which served as the staging base for the establishment of New Ways Ministry in 1978, and its many front organizations including the Catholic Coalition for Gay Civil Rights, the Center for Homophobia Education, Catholic Parents Network, Sisters in Gay Ministry Associated (SIGMA) and the Conference of Catholic Lesbians (CCL), the last two organizations directed at the recruitment and political networking of lesbian religious in Catholic active orders., A wedding, a roadtrip, the WORST f-ing tooth pain I have ever felt, sunshine, sand, meeting more of B's family, 90's music for hours on XM radio, hot tubbing & looking up to stars and palm trees against the night sky, rooms w/ocean views, talks about the future, laughs, tears (from the wisdom teeth pain), getting lost, things working out perfectly, pulled pork sandies everytime we turned around, coffee bean & tea leaf, hot springs on a hillside, an amazing massage, and the best bread bowl of clam chowder either of us had ever had., Then all around from far away across the world he smelled good, healthy things to eat so he gave up being king of where the wide things are., I should also add Carolyn looked extremely hot that night., Nestabilities - Large Standard Circles, TIP 2. Renaut also didn’t factor in the costs of installing a charging point. These used to be very procey but british Gas now provides then for L799, which means the electric van wins out again., We moved in just a week before Megan was due, I brought her home from the hospital to the first house she ever knew. As she grew up, we walked through the town almost every day, crossing and re-crossing the foot-bridge over the railway, from east to west, past the library and the church, between school, shops and home. We picked blackberries in Jubilee Park when the weather was good, pick-and-mix in Woolworths when it was bad., Meanwhile, back here on the ground, I invented my own melanzane parmigiano recipe tonight., 1/4 tsp Amchur (I used lemon juice), Now, I’ve written 235 words and they all make sense. Taking a moment to look back on what I’ve written so far, I have to admit I’m pretty happy with the result up to this point., Last week's Winner is: Cathy, Sable Brushes – From the fur of sables (weasel-like mammals). Used to make eye makeup, lipstick, and artists’ brushes. Alternatives: synthetic fibers., Summer is a-coming in,, He was shot once in the thigh and twice in the abdomen in the stand-off with the two men, who held a gun to his head at about 7am yesterday as he was unloading crates of bread from a bakery van outside his store., I've had fun reading your exploits at Salute and a little jealous I was too, my Perry cavalry have been ordered and the next few days are going to be along excitable wait!, TV shows, sales people, weight loss commercials, they all imitate love to get your attention. Sex sells. Still…. sex isn’t love. Don’t be fooled. It’s everywhere. And I don’t want you to settle for someone with a sales plan and a mask., In a bold pitch for the new Labour Party he is shaping, Mr Blair used the controversial platform provided by Mr Murdoch’s invitation to Australia to admit the failures of “the Old Left” – “rigid economic planning and state controls” – and to denounce the divisive legacy of the New Right., But that is just a small part! Before each game you must have roll call. The kids are supposed to be at the field two hours before the game starts. You are two and half hours late already. Roll check consists of clean shoes, gloves, hat, extra safety pins, band aids, stomach medicine, blankets, batons and flags, and last but not least the music. And the one thing they usually forget, especially if it is a home game, is their instrument. Now you have to go all the way across town to get it., Mum: (dropping the bag she was unpacking) Oh he hasn't! Wait! Let me get the Camcorder!, First, here's the version most are familiar with., This was the picture in front of our house a week ago. The storm had passed and Sunday morning presented us with a bright blue sky. The sun glistened off the ice on the trees and the new-fallen snow was clean and white. We don’t often get a scene like this in Tennessee, so it certainly qualifies as scenic to us., I have gardened most of my life, but other than the gift of a small, illustrated book my sister once gave me on the language of flowers, I knew nothing about it. However, it did sound romantic and I immediately imagined I would include all my favorites. For instance, when Livie finds the bouquet of irises on her front porch swing, I initially planned she would find hydrangeas, perhaps mixed with clematis. Well, guess what? Hydrangeas—to me the most romantic looking flower of them all, those colors, the lushness of their blooms—in flower language, they symbolize heartlessness. They say, You are cold. So much for romance! Clematis stands for mental beauty, not exactly speaking to the sort of affection I hoped for. In fact, I was amazed when I began researching flower meanings and symbols at just how lacking in affection and sentimentality the language is. Like my fiction, a lot of it conveys a darker meaning., I never had a best friend that I could eternally trust,, Lily added:, Here are pictures from 4 different snakes yesterday:, Look, I'm no racist. I hate everyone pretty much the same. I believe in Steve's Equal Opportunity, in that everyone, daily, has an equal opportunity to piss me off and incur my wrath. No one has a monopoly on stupid, or on ignorant. If you're an idiot, I'm gonna' call you out., He laughs, "Don't push it girlie.", 1 hoping, Olsen J, Hemminki K, Ahlborg G, Bjerkedal T, Kyyronen P, Taskinen H, Lindbohm ML, Heinonen OP, Brandt L, Kolstad H, et al. Low birthweight, congenital malformations, and spontaneous abortions among dry-cleaning workers in Scandinavia. Scand J Work Environ Health 1990; 16: 163-168., A former prison chief said that prison labour was an ‘expected part of furniture production’., (Text Box comment Page 11), - Edmund goes to bed at nine-ish every night, so I have a few hours (hours, people) of unoccupied time. My last school exam is tomorrow, so then my life will really feel...free. Or something. I'm hesitant to crowd the uninterrupted hours with too many activities because I know I need to seriously take a chill pill for a while. But at the same time, I don't want to always waste it away on re-runs of Supernanny. I need small happy projects that feed my creative bents without making a huge mess. Pinterest, here I come...., Before I show you some fierce samples, congrats to JEN! You are the winner from yesterday's comments and WIN "Princess Anya 4!" Just email Jess to claim her!, When I decided to think of what I do as "strategic" erasing instead of "destructive" it changed my perspective. I've come to the conclusion that if it works for me, then it's okay. No one is here in my studio staring over my shoulder going "tsk tsk". The result is what matters. And if my techniques free me to create something I couldn't create otherwise, then I say, "So what?!?!", i could have forgiven the circles and stars, I know a bit about other religions and I have not heard of any of them “offering rest”, Even now it seems kind of weird, and honestly a little embarrassing to admit (especially at my age), that I still sometimes feel like that teenager back in middle school and high school. Wanting to be accepted and liked, wanting to fit in., I didn’t know it was full of people until I was already upon it. Above the busted headlight I glimpsed the driver and realized she’d been watching me and my self-satisfied amble for quite a few car lengths. I diverted to give respectful distance to the nub of her rearview, but I was close enough to smell the stale upholstery, to touch duct tape holding her door together, the rust and the gashes and the mismatched paint. The engine was turned off, and the back window was closed. The glass reflected the passing orb of my T.J Maxx purse, and also the faces of three babies inside – one sleeping in a hot car seat, two curly headed toddlers squirming in the sun beside her, an older one in the passenger seat. So many little bodies, like a pile of kittens nesting in trash, so trusting of the shitty world that apparently gave them life and nothing else., That’s not imaginary; that’s Chelsea, 16, of Norfolk, and she’s not the only one., Distinguishing Features: SILVER HAIRS, like orderly masts of ships, So, along with healthy, nutritious whole foods add a nice serving of service to your routine and you’ll be well on your way to a fabulously healthy and happy life! If you would like support on your journey to health, I would love to share the ways I can support you in achieving your goals. Contact me for more information or visit my website, HealthWorksKC., I woke up early this morning with the intention to write, and read the above passage as I was waiting for my computer to warm up. It seemed apt. I’ve been contemplating what to write today, the latest anniversary in a year of sad anniversaries. Inspired by the Zinsser’s wise words, I’m just going to let it flow., In any event, it's a very simple recipe and I was kinda excited to be able to say, "I made my own homemade cheese". So how did I do? Well, for such an easy recipe, I managed to mess it up. A couple of suggestions, so you can learn from my mistakes:, I’m not sure what more to say about this book, as it did get quite technical, so a review longer than this will read like one of those papers one submits to a science journal, plus, I read it a few months ago and only just remembered I hadn’t shared my version of the review on it. If you haven’t read it as yet, I think you should. It is informative, and does aim to help you pick healthier eating habits, while carefully explaining why the bad is really bad for you and your body. Perhaps someday I will make some crucial changes to my diet and think back on this book. Until then, happy reading! xo, If you played music in Austin at any time during the mid-Nineties, you probably sat at a club or bar next to my pal Jonathan Toubin at least once. If not, maybe he made flyers for you at the old 6th Street Kinko's. He's lived in New York for more than seven years now, but he still runs into more old friends than I do whenever he's in town., I often find myself doing tasks in the studio that involve multiple skills, steps or focus. It is just part of the nature of the beast of putting constructions together, that forces us to wait for one step to be completed before another is started. Multitasking is nothing new. Multi-focus is the skill that is in question. Being able to move from one task to another quickly is productive if you are organized, goal-oriented, and patient., We had an economic vision once. It included paper-making and brick-making, for example. We used to supply the paper for the equivalent of the Daily Mail of its time and we helped rebuild London with our bricks transported on the back of barges that left Milton Creek., Sons Of Adam- Moxie EP (7” 1981), Bit of a sad day here in Defying Gravity land. A family member has passed away. Pinkie, the albino guinea pig we've had since her birth died yesterday. Sniff. Well actually, great big sobs., The size is 6.5 cm Diam x 8.5 cm H and retails for $12.95. What an exceptional value!!, Now, here’s a MAN. The King 2 Hearts’ Eun Shi Kyung (Jo Jung Seok) is loyal to King Jae Ha (Lee Seung Gi) and he’s not willing to back down on finding out how Jae Ha’s brother and sister-in-law perished. It doesn’t matter if there’s an order coming down from his father. He’ll find out the truth no matter what. But I can’t help to feel sorry that if he finally finds the key that opens that door, he’ll only find pain on the other side., The illustrations are mind blowing. To call them beautiful would do them injustice. At first they don't make sense, but once you've finished, you realise they capture the true essence of each story. Jim Bartolo is so incredibly talented!, For some of my other posts on this topic see:, The guy building a business is the person who actually pays for all the progressive wet dreams people like Ms. Warren love so much..not only by dealing with all the fees, regulations and taxes the government levies on anyone in business but by employing others who likewise pay into the system. Thus the Evil factory owner pays a much larger chunk for the government services she mentions than say, a college professor or a government functionary., I always prefer, There is no specific deadline for the monument construction to begin, but Roosevelt Island Operating Corp. Chief Executive Officer Steve Shane said "the end of the line is out there.", Fang became a leading figure in the student movement in 1986-87, but the Chinese authorities who fired him from his university post said his speeches had incited unrest., Today's Lucky Ladies have won our new 2" decorative Frame Borders and 2" stamper!!, For health goals, someone might have no problem training for ironmans or marathons, but ask them to track their food and they’re at a loss. That’s Ginger the alligator, but watch out, Ginger snaps. Terrifying., It sits on a gently sweeping bend in the road and shares the local landscape with Myrniong Primary School #487. Apart from the sprawling farms and cosy houses nestled into the hills there is not much else in town but the Plough and the school. Serving dinner from Thursday to Saturday with lunch a few days a week it is rarely anything but filled with people enjoying convivial company, a wide range of beer with four taps and plenty more in the fridge and food worth travelling great distances for., We need a nap now. We've been up since four thirty - the only time it is pleasant to be outside, having a cup of coffee in the varandah, without melting away with the heat., Now, for those of you who I didn't have at "zombie.", Betty the bottles manager and soul provider smiles and turns away. I light a cigarette and stroke me dogs head. I look up at the stage, Buddy Holly is singing along to the lyrics of Black Sabbaths 'Iron Man'., Divide dough roughly in half and shape each half into a roll about 12" long. Roll the "logs" in the chopped nuts trying to coat them evenly. Wrap in waxed paper and refrigerate about 12 hours or overnight or freeze for approximately 3 hours., Simplicity 4885 Size RS 14-22, If there were the sound of water only, - Disseminating that knowledge by rote memorization., Mr. Weasel and I left the NICU during the evening shift change to have a dinner at home with our other children for the first time in a week. A week that had been filled with fear, anxiety and many more questions than answers. Yet, we had emerged from that week victorious; I had 5 healthy children, a loving husband and father and a happy home that we would soon bring our newest addition, Claire, into for the first time., You can’t discount any print publication because it does not fit within the standards of broadsheet newspapers, often associated with high value news and discussion, but I would argue that the level of sensationalism within the tabloids has become so high that one could argue that it is not produced for the readers any more, simply the sales. Scare mongering and moral panics have become so integrated into the tabloid press that it is simply embedded in many of their articles in order to garner a response. Whilst it is no less valid and important than regular newspapers, one must be careful when selecting tabloid publications to read, especially as the headlines become more and more provocative., 08. Systematic (Demo mix), Dinner plate - Bordallo Pinheiro, “It is deeply satisfying to announce this settlement today. The exclusion of independents from past major settlements such as Kazaa was a key factor in the formation of Merlin, and I am proud to say that this time, via the actions of Merlin, our members’ rights have been properly protected. We will continue to do everything we can to ensure that the labels we represent are never again left out in the cold”.http://www.merlinnetwork.org/home/, Tuesday morning found us moving slowly. Our wine and cheese party lasted until 3:30am and we loved every minute. About 12 friends came, many who had never met each other before but you would never have known it! Much laughter and more than a little wine! Peter joined us and we struck out for Passy cemetery near la Tour Eiffel. A beautiful small cemetery with many photo ops. The sun came out and made it more so. A quick trip to Trocadero and the obligatory shots of us and la Tour followed. We walked a few blocks and had lunch and a quick trip through the Yves St. Laurent Foundation exhibit by David Hockney. He has created art by using his touch screen on iPads and iPhones. Amazing. Mary left us about 3 and headed to Montmartre to meet a friend and Peter and I zipped off to the Marais. I did some shopping and we took some photos along the way. At 5 we met photographer Carla Coulson and Jean-Luc Rollier at a nearby cafe. We had a wonderful time getting to know each other and of course talking photography! At 7:30 we met CDP blogger Laurent ( Daily Photo in Paris) and Mary for a nice dinner and a little champagne. Merci Peter. We ended another grand day in Paris at the Hotel de Ville metro. Today we leave our fabulous apt. for a hotel for our last day in Paris. Our flight to Cininnati is looking good. My flight to Bham is iffy. C'est la vie., So what do you have planned for the weekend?, Sorry, today's entry is kinda boring, too serious.lol, we needs less government telling people not, The layering could be more straight, and I probably should have a thicker pistachio mousse, but overall, the cake was delicious! Just like any other Hidemi Sugino desserts, even though it has a lot of components, it is so light. I didn't get to taste more than a spoonful but it was enough to convince me that Mr. Sugino is a genius in the pastry world, even the pickiest eater of all time (read:M), said that he would eat the whole thing if he was given the whole individual cake, that itself making all the effort worth it., Changes to an already approved and published book (where the problem was not caused by UKUnpublished) will require an additional charge, however, this will simply represent the cost and time involved, and you will always be notified prior to any charges being accrued - although this is a very rare occurrence., 8:00 – Janelle Monae @ Highline Ballroom Free (21+), WALLOP! I right-hooked the doors of my agency open., I could eat this every single day., -Elisa D., I wrote myself a time line to tackle and master each of the elements I wanted to use in my trading. It only took me a few months to get this all working in my favor., Balls also change when it's cold. It can sometimes be referred to as "shrinkage." Which brings me to my next point. I can't take a cold shower even when it's burning hot. It's like a cat, they don't like water because they look smaller when their fur is wet, and therefor they are less intimidating. So I end up taking a hot shower, not only to avoid that "I'm dying of hypothermia I can't breath" feel, but also to protect myself if someone should happen to initiate a naked shower attack like in Psycho. Or if my mom happens to walk in., I went and kept my head in her lap trying once again to be the child whose life completely revolved around her mother., “It wasn’t easy,” I said. “Actually, back in the classroom, I kept my, Racing pregnant has been a blast! I have been somewhat forced to stop and smell the roses or perhaps, the aroma of sweaty runners, and notice a few things. Oftentimes, athletes forget all too quickly what a race can give back to us: fellowship, sharing of achievements, and the reminder that we are all in this world together trying to be better people. As a coach and fellow athlete, I continue to witness everyone's observable capabilities, as well as those that lie hidden deep within all of us. Whether you enter a race to win, to conquer a goal, or to share an experience, you will find that every challenge asks us to step outside our comfort zone. For me, slowing down has been an enormous step outside my nice and cozy comfort zone. But by welcoming discomfort, we discover those hidden talents, strengths, and gifts that lie unnoticed within us and awaken to recognize those roses we forgot to stop and smell. Everyday, step outside YOUR comfort zone, and unleash your potential!, So it occurred to me that a “Reverse Bucket List” might prove to be a good exercise to show that, even if there are a lot of things you wish you had the time and resources to do, you actually have already done of lot of really fun and cool things already in your life. I decided to think back and list out things I’ve done that most people you pass in the street may have never, ever done. Here are a few:, Fans of Perfect Chemistry will be pleased to hear that the romance in Rules of Attraction is every bit as sizzling. Simone Elkeles understands that the best romantic pairings are a blend of love and lust, and there's plenty of both here. The scenes between Carlos and Kiara are electrically charged, and things get majorly heated between them. Since there are some quite risque moments I wouldn't recommend this one to younger teens - it's definitely one for the higher end of the YA audience. The dual narrative works spectacularly well, with Carlos's chapters utterly convincing as the voice of a macho teenage boy who has no intention of ending up as soft on a girl as his older brother is., I’ve limited this discussion to shows I can actually recall watching within this 2-year period in the early 1970s. My parents loved California when we lived there, I have childhood pictures where I’m wearing a leather vest with fringes on it, my preschool teacher had hair down to her backside and I can distinctly recall flower children, hippies and giant afros, going to picnics in beautiful places in forests and my first days and years in school. Mix all of that together – taken alongside even earlier strange happenings and memories at Hamilton AFB in Nevado, California – and you have neurons firing in a manner that creates a neural net of a certain type., Images can be smells, sounds, heat or cold, light or dark, a piece of furniture or a room or an object--whatever has meaning and can be repeated without too much fanfare., Welcome to my first ever linky party!, The real life Streiber had already written a book made into a movie starring Albert Finney, Wolfen, before being conscious of his alien visitations. And that begs the question: did he write horror because his unconscious knew things his consciousness didn't? As I write this I can feel an alien intelligence looming over my shoulder, but I also write from the unconscious and my unconscious could easily be just fucking around and pretending to be an alien intelligence looming over my shoulder. Often the conscious part of me is only taking dictation. That is what most writers say and it's probably true even of the ones that don't. So is the drive to write and create a way to 'cover memory' even as out unconscious knowing the whole terrifying truth only spoon feeds us little tastes, both to keep its power over us, and to not terrify us into doing something drastic? What if our entire time-space imprisoned notion of three dimensional truth is just a cover memory for the far ghastlier truth of our multiverse's terrible 'eternal now' omnipresence? Is the alien abduction somehow less an intrusion into reality than a removal of illusion? Do aliens manipulate time as well as space? If so they may abduct a human for years all while he's sleeping or meditating for only a few minutes in our time. And what's the difference between, say, an alien probe scar on the back of one's neck, and the sudden manifestation of the stigmata, or the way people die for real when they die in The Matrix?, So why the title of my post and the extensive write-up? Well, I needed to give you a little insight into why I am now so darn happy with the latest developments in my life. You see, for the last two years I’ve been battling to get the last of my baby weight off since the birth of my second child. It’s grated at me, kept me awake at night, made me extremely self conscious, stopped me from going out with friends, or even wanting to get intimate with my husband. It’s fueled another depression (although there are many other factors), and it’s added to a great deal of physical & emotional stress that I’ve experienced., We are the product of this poet’s hand:, This is all a bit of a worry., Welcome to the fifth blog on various CSC’s from around the world. This week have have Tom Selleck Supporters Club (@TomSelleckCSC). Tom Selleck have been around the social media spectrum for a while now, and I’ve only just came to realise the evil geniuses behind the Club and what they do! Various “Missions” have been discussed to further enhance the various goals of the wider Celtic community, rest assured our lips are sealed! Onward to the Q&A., Hopefully this will help you to make the difficult decision on who to see when you are there. And if you aren't going, this will help you to familiarize yourself with some of the rockabilly bands that you might not know yet., Also, part of the charm, but I’ve been known to have a good time in a plastic shell with lino on the floor, Chris Tarrant's voice asking questions from quiz machines and 60 inch flat screen TVs blaring out Formula 1 noises and Beyonce noises just metres from my aural canals., What does she do? She gloats and states how she has the ear of the district manager and how she has control of whether the boss gets to keep his job or not. I told her several times to shut up, but someone like her can't seem to keep her mouth shut. Her aim, by fair means or fowl is to get the boss fired. When I told her people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones she was bewildered. She had never heard that phrase before I guess. When I explained to her that someone who really isn't doing their job complaining about someone else not doing their job is very ironic she went over the edge and spent the next ten minutes screaming at me. I spent the majority of that ten minutes laughing at her., "Dear love, you're looking tired," he said:, Combining two bad ideas — universal desks and regional desks — produces bad results. Certainly the copy editors and designers could produce cleaner sections, but mistakes are bound to happen when you’re putting out multiple newspapers every night., Man; You know now…Let’s get married., The 1st place winner of the jewelry contest competition. She had never made a single piece of jewelry and Margot and I really liked how she put all components together. The competition was about creating a look that would capture our design vision, and she did it!, Listen to your coach, we're already busy thinking up new ideas with which to inspire you in 2012, and we hope to see you--and your card-making resolutions--bright and early on new year's day! in the meantime, we wish you a wonderful, calm, and stress-free december, and the happiest of holiday seasons! you've earned it, ¦JINGLE BELLES¦!!!, Aren't those new Digi stamps by Kenny, just fantastic! He certainly knows how to brighten up some Christmas cards......I can see the men enjoy receiving those sexy elf and toy soldier on their cards this year., Extra-curriculars should be done out of pure curiosity and intellectual stimulation or for fitness or for fun. They should not be done against one's will in order for transcript padding to try to appeal to college admissions officers. I pray that admissions officers can sniff out the phonies from the authentic kids., Unfortunately this country seems to have forgotten the meaning of Memorial Day. It seems the purpose has been lost, and many Americans think it is a day to remember all of our dead, not just those lost in war. Or, even worse, it is just the official start of summer and the first day of barbeque season. Our reverence for those who have fallen in service to their country has dimmed over the decades, starting with our nearly forgotten Korean conflict. Observances really started to wane during the Vietnam war era, when it was much easier for radicals to blame drafted soldiers for the violence than the democratic leadership that ramped up operations in the first place. In fact, the day had so lost its meaning that Congress passed the "National Moment of Remembrance" resolution in 2000, which calls for all Americans to offer a moment of silence at 3pm on Memorial Day to honor our war dead., Hey everyone, I hope you all are gearing up for the upcoming holidays and didn't have too hectic of a Black Friday shopping spree (I was almost run over by women fighting over discounted scrap booking supplies; ah the perils of being an artist). I thought I'd introduce one of the myriad of goals behind this blog of mine; to occasionally post a WIP (Work In Progress) so you can see how a drawing evolves., 1456 D-II/16/2003. “Aristotle on How Friends Come Together.” Staff Meeting, Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois., December 9, FRA - Fragrant (Yes or No), Now lets compare the wine above with a beer we all love, Stone Double Bastard. BevMo sells a 22 oz bottle of this award winning ale for $6.99. The second bottle is going to cost you, $6.99. That makes the grand total $13.98 for two bottles of Double Bastard. Still worth it to me, but not a good deal compared to the wine., Rebelstar – Tactical Command (GBA), On the market - By no means as easily available as it merits. But then again, it's a tricky beer to market, what with it's junior-sized bottle visibly yearning for a multipack and looking too insubstantial on it's own. There goes my old bugbear issue again..., Add in oil, banana and vanilla to the dry ingredient, stir until well incorporated., I cut the scalloped banner parts from craft cardstock and added a straight part from pink cardstock, sewing both of these layers together with my sewing machine., Now had this been any other citizen, I'd have smacked him with a ticket or two. But I have this policy against citing fellow officers, so I just give him a mild ass-chewing and send him on his way. No ticket, no documentation. It didn't happen., With light that sings, the ice, these wings, my bonds untie, I once attended a lecture at the VPL about the future of newspapers. On the panel were media people like Charlie Smith from the Georgia Straight. When the mic came to the audience, everyone had something to whine about. One guy even laid into the press for not reporting the “connection” between Osama bin Laden and a “secret base” under the Burrard Street Bridge., Here is a round up of what the other Strictlies are reading:, I am enjoying a healthier relationship with my Mum that ever before. I still watch what I say - I want to believe that this is all real, but I am cautious. I do love her, and now I can tell her that., e-v-e-r-y s-t-e-p o-f t-h-e w-a-y., And so, my friends,, There is a fundamental challenge posed by the now endemic infestation of behaviour change orthodoxy across the public sector. There is a battle which needs to be fought between anarchists, libertarians, those who just want the council to collect the rubbish and clean the streets and them who want to use the massive public sector and huge foundation funding to guide society in a direction decided on long ago., Journalists also have expressed concern about a looming proposal by the A.N.C. to create a tribunal that would hear and adjudicate citizen complaints against media outlets over issues of fairness and accuracy., 02.2 Many Rappers (Not Enuf MC's) feat. Sam I Am the MC, I don't want to listen to someone mourning the last episode of gossip girl or how their life is ending because they can't afford a chanel bag., Hope you can take some time to visit the designers' blogs for Dreamweaver and Impression Obsession! You'll see all the links in the right sidebar., In summary, we found that some communities are engaged in NNRE economic development, although it is not typically identified as such. It was also clear that there is generally low or no understanding of how to define and develop a local or regional NNRE strategy in order to overcome existing barriers and foster institutional changes to help rural communities., @SincerliOctavia: Trying to shake the blues…blastin @adamlambert ’s “Never Close Our Eyes”, Of course, the various venues and suppliers and retailers and other assorted good beer folk did their collective bit and offered all types of assistance and logistics, but this piece is really just a sort of ‘virtual time capsule’ to ensure that those who were there in the very beginning get the credit they so beerily deserve., The weather was exceptional with hot sun for awhile followed up with a torrential downpour from a thunderstorm that moved in just after we went to the Marina Grill for a late lunch. Rather than stay longer we decided to leave., I come up wit dat one myself, I did., “So, chosen by God for this new life of love, dress in the wardrobe God picked out for you: compassion, kindness, humility, quiet strength, discipline. Be even-tempered, content with second place, quick to forgive an offense. Forgive as quickly and completely as the Master forgave you. And regardless of what else you put on, wear love. It’s your basic, all-purpose garment. Never be without it.” Colossians 3:12-14 MSG, In addition to the California house and a townhouse outside of Boston, which is their official primary residence, the Romneys own a $10 million vacation home on the shore of Lake Winnipesaukee in Wolfeboro, N.H..., Then there is the disturbingly unquestioned position of authority that Betty holds on all things sexual. Reproducing patriarchal systems of hierarchical power, it seems she has reached to far high up the ladder that anyone who dares ask a question is a pariah whose sanity is to be questioned. I had never heard of her before this Clitoraid thing and so it was in naivete that I questioned her ‘expertise’ on the issue of Female Circumcision. Woe unto me for daring., Congressman Mike Pompeo (KS-04), At our Matsuri we will have:, The research into the impact of microfinance that has emerged over the last five years offers some encouraging results. There is evidence from a number of studies (using a variety of methodologies across different settings) suggesting that microfinance is good for microbusinesses. This result is observed across different microfinance services, including microcredit and microsavings instruments. Based on the studies in this survey, the overall effect on the incomes and poverty rates of microfinance clients is less clear, as are the effects of microfinance on measures of social well-being, such as education, health, and women’s empowerment. Hopefully, the next wave of research will provide further insights into these critical questions., By Sarah Hinze, Wakame, I still thought I was fine. I'm glad she had enough sense to know I wouldn't be though. Her poor hand probably throbbed with pain by the time they were done. They went in seventeen times, and each time they would reposition the needle in the tumors TRYING to get something to biopsy., Photo & Illustration Submission Guidelines, In the Wolf’s Lair . . ., KEEP TALKING ABOUT MENTAL HEALTH; It's time to talk., Food Zone: selling local, organic & homegrown food and drinks. Café-bar and gallery. Designated Picnic Area., In these lines, the narrow gap between the poor and the wealthy ones is clearly shown by the lucid images employed by Omigbodun. The unfriendly streets that harbor men of the underworld as they chase us around, asking us for the little pennies received after so many years of working under irresponsible leaders. The Issue of National cake that holds them in Abuja and the incognito promises from our leaders. Still, tears of loss and bloodshed manure our land as these men perpetrate their evil deeds. Also, we have the issue of the black men with howling sirens without any functional dreams of curbing these social vices. Yet, we are in the nation encapsulated with trepidation of tomorrow as there are no dreams to hold., A final thought., Both of them!, That is a quick synopsis of our Sunday at the beach. Saturday was not nearly as much fun, mostly grocery shopping and house cleaning. How was your weekend?, I am grateful that other kids want me around, too., The following method gives you complete control over how, where, and which parts of your selected posts are shown., Just after I posted yesterday's blog the phone in our room rang. It was the front desk saying they didn't recognize the website/agency we'd used to book the room and we'd need to charge it again separately... at 10:00pm. So though I was still okay, poor Jim was woken back up and then couldn't get back to sleep (couldn't turn his brain off) and ended up writing emails to the agency and looking into how to dispute charges and everything else for another hour. So while we liked the hotel overall, we were a little disappointed with the late call. Could they not have said something earlier when we stopped by the front desk? The good news is that we heard back from the agency today and it sounds like there was a staff change at the hotel or something and it's being resolved. Since our card was charged twice it seems that they'll use the second room charge for when we stay there again when we're back to Cuzco on Thursday., They are correct that the Earth warmed much since 1880 before the post war industrial boom. But they left out the cooling form 1940 to 1975 as shown in the chart above. The claim that most of the warming happened after 1970 is disputed to the point where I feel safe saying that the claim is demonstrably false. The claim that the surface temps continue to rise from 2007 to 2009 is from those NASA/NOAA/Goddard ground stations we told you about above. The other source for this is the discredited CRU which was the epicenter of the ClimateGate data manipulation and destruction of raw data. There are satellite datasets that dispute the 2007-2009 claim., It was a strange yet interesting beast. It had a bold and robust whisky nose that leapt out of the glass that carried through into the initial mouthful. It had strong peat, wood and smoky notes that gave way to a really smooth, round and very well balanced sour apple taste., Tomato:1,chopped, Then she went on to discuss IN GREAT DETAIL how President Kirchner is a crazy bitch. (Again, not news. Google her image, she's got crazy written all over her.) I reply with saying that I thought the prerequisite to being a President in that country is to be insane. Even though I'm agreeing with a point SHE made, it is not well received and I'm an asshole all of the sudden. (I just can't win. That's what I get for trying to participate in the discussion, I may as well shut up.) I look at my watch and realize that I'm still waiting for important family information to make itself known…. not holding my breath at this point. I've been duped. Well played, Mom., I also grabbed a few bottles of my favorite wine as a beer drinker, Mondavi Fume Blanc 07. In culinary school we had this wine during one of our wine tasting days in wine class. I was skeptical during most of this wine class but this wine opened up my eyes with it's distinct light smokiness. If you love beer and hate wine, grab a bottle...close your eyes...and think fruity barreled tripel. Just don't expect the bourbon rush from Allagash Curieux. Also be amazed at the fact that this 14.5% wine goes down cleaner than some of the 5% brews in the local market. It's a great deal for my favorite wine., Anyways, this treat can be enjoyed by kids and adults alike! I am very interested in finding ways to reduce the amount of processed food that I buy at the grocery store. While we don’t buy granola bars all the time, they are good to have on hand for a quick snack when time is short. I am obsessed with these chocolate covered peanut butter filled pretzels found at the bulk barn, so this recipe really caught my eye. The peanut butter-pretzel combo is almost magic., yet not a single peep from you., Customer care manager -110066389, His company, Hawkes Ocean Technologies, is one of a number of businesses that specialize in taking the superrich diving. Hawkes’ asking price for the Deepflight Super Falcon, for example, is $1.7 million (€1.3 million). American manufacturer SEAmagine’s Ocean Pearl costs even more, at $2.5 million, but has the benefit of being able to dive to depths of around 900 meters (3,000 feet)., I started in Mexico, and the urge to start back on the book came pretty quickly. I snatched moments here and there between hikes and trips and tours and bacchanalian soirées, but was anxious to get to South America itself and get really working., 10- WE GET THE BEST SONGS WRITTEN FOR US:, Sure, the claims were long, and they included a whole lot of limitations, but, He says back, "I was being sarcastic. I'm not somebody you should mess with.", Sunday mornings I wake up bright and early to head to Rikers Island with a group of Fordham Law School students. We volunteer with the 16-18 year old male youth that are housed in the Robert N. Davoren Complex (RNDC) at Rikers. Based on the curriculum developed by some of the law students in the Prisoners Rights Advocates group, we teach the young men about their rights with respect to the 4th, 5th, and 6th amendments. Unfortunately true to what we know and what we have been told, most of the men we’ve seen there are Black and Latino., Toast came home, and started trying to talk to me, trying to make me feel better. I pretty much just ignored him. Jen called, and I wouldnt talk to her, I said that maybe she should have talked to me earlier, while she was here. Toast told her, I guess she doesnt want to talk right now, and got off the phone. I told him that they are both fucking idiots. No, I wouldnt talk to her on the phone, but the last thing I wanted was for him to just get off the phone with her, and for her to just be gone. I know that I am completely irrational when I am like this, and I know that it isnt easy for them to know what is going on in my head, but they had both read my post that day (ok Toast hadnt yet, but he would soon, and he knows me better than that anyway), I do not understand how neither of them got what I wanted. That I wanted Jen to come here and talk to me., In love with the taupe/grey shade she used for the walls, the tiled floor, the artwork, the light! Love it all., *Turns out there is more than one reason to have a clean, uncluttered house. When the power goes out and an extra five people move in, you wish you had cleaned up a little better. Since my house was only half clean and half organized it was only half as chaotic as it could have been. (Or only half as efficient and orderly.), Zine, STARRING: Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Anne Hathaway, Tom Hardy, Morgan Freeman, Marion Cotillard, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, My grandma is a wonderful, very wise woman. She takes care of “elderly” people in her neighborhood, shopping for them, helping them with their doctor visits, and just helping with day-to-day living- and all simply out of the kindness of her heart. She’s a world traveler, cooks delicious meals, sews, and bargain shops. She even taught herself how to use the Internet last year by taking a class and she reads my blog everyday. Isn’t that awesome?!, I expect that it’s clear from the tone and content of my recent posts that I am feeling increasingly overwhelmed and desperate. To finally (think that I) know what’s been wrong with me all of this time; to understand why I’ve lived most of my life at suboptimal capability – and then to realise that nothing is going to change in the immediate future as a result of this new knowledge… It’s difficult and frustrating, to say the very least., Brulee tossed the crystal orb over to Creme, which the human caught instinctly and then stared at it vacantly., I dyed my hair brown again, it's really damaged, so it needs a little break now cause I wanna dye it blonde in Japan and get matching exte! I'll maybe go to get some highlights in the meanwhile cause it looks kinda boring atm lol., Kinda pressed for time this AM, so a quickie introduction to this one.. It was originally another one of my “songs” but I came across it yesterday and thought “why not post it as a poem.” So here it is..There is a lot of truth in the humor here, and I hope you all will like it., Anyway, I thought I should share these as I am very happy with how they turned out. I did have more but have used them :), The dragon eggs have fallen into the wrong hands. The Slayers must work together to stop the eggs from hatching. They will fight; they will fall in love. But will they survive?, This doesn’t quite get gig of the year so far, but not because of them; Band on the Wall is a fine little venue, but the audience doesn’t generate the warmth of The Civil Wars gig last month, and there are some bad mannered folk who think Bacalhau moving offstage to allow the band to perform an instrumental is some kind of intermission during which they can chat. Deolinda themselves are joyous; afterwards, Ze Pedro tells me that they are playing WOMAD in July. Just for them, I may put aside my natural aversion to festival toilets and go: I’ve just got a new tent and sleeping bag, so why not?, I measure vintage organists and their recordings against Korla Pandit. This is just my personal preference as I'm on the look out for exotica influences and the unique. There are a few exotica standards listed on this album that perked my interest., So today I’ll try to rest, In a press conference, IP Converge president Reynaldo Huergas expressed his optimism on Cebu’s economy – the reason they give high priority to Cebu for its expansion. In fact, Huergas announced that the company plans to invest up to P100 million pesos in Cebu early next year., 1 cup sliced cremini mushrooms, CD: What is the saddest thing you’ve ever seen or heard?, So Topps kindly represented 68.42% of the '74 Cubs in the '75 set., The most direct chokehold possible is physical. China's rulers, faced with vast territory and population, turned to the water empire. The modern West is quickly rediscovering a more sophisticated form of hydraulic despotism, cloaked in talk of saving the planet and providing for everyone's needs., If she truly believes Richardson’s benefit-slashing budget spawned a tribe of young Damiens then she should set about trying to rectify the conditions., According to Jewish mystic teaching, all people should strive to be holy. Everyone is granted a pure soul and has the potential for holiness. Someone once asked Rebbe Yisrael of Rizhin what was meant by saying a person has the holy spirit. He answered, When a person has spirit and keeps it from becoming impure, it is the holy spirit., Sure, there is a familiar feel to At the Gates and all those elements, (which for me have become hallmarks of the series), make an appearance here as well, this is the first time that I've felt the series was moving towards something bigger. Marquitz doesn't go as far as the big reveal, but he does craftily deliver some tasty morsels that seem to hint at a much grander scheme than I anticipated for this series. Marquitz added a nice layer of history and put in the foundations for greater depth to the story that hint at playing out as the story and series progress. Let me just say that I am very pleased with these developments. The layers that Marquitz added to his characters and to his world all point towards even more greatness for the series., To properly perform a leash correction, you must start with a loose leash. If there is tension on the leash (aka, if your dog is pulling), you won’t be able to do this properly. Bring your hand down near your dog’s neck–if you have a small dog you will have to bend over. Quickly jerk the leash to the side (NOT back), and then immediately let the leash loose again. The leash should be taunt for less than 2 seconds., I think the late George Carlin put it best when he said that half the doctors and nurses out there practicing medicine were in the bottom half of their classes when studying for their qualifications., -o- I am a literary snob who found herself totally immersed in the Twilight series and will love the Harry Potter books forever., Presenter: What happened in Dallas on November 22, 1963?, I was way too stressed about the whole thing, I stressed so much and I completely lost the joy, the lightness, the happiness., Happy Thursday to you all!, Mr Harrington said his wife had been the victim of “a public campaign of hatred when she was just doing her job”., That's my take. However, I'm looking at the whole situation from a basketball sense. Money wise, he would bring in a few bucks for a number of years. Despite the Cavalier's inability to put a decent team around LeBron, Cleveland was rocking downtown on game nights. The upcoming NBA Draft should be a decent one and it might be best to end all the talk if the right player is there to couple with Kyrie Irving., "What do you want to drink?", My mom has always been a big advocate, especially in the gay, lesbian, transsexual and bisexual community so for me it’s always been a part of my soul., I say this is a solitary life because the largest percentage of folks I know simply do not understand. Do not understand why I would want this when it is so different from the life that they so enjoy full of things that are supposed to make their life better. But from where I'm standing it looks like a whole lot of smoke and mirrors. Perhaps it's a beautiful house that somehow makes them feel important or like they have overcome something back in the recesses of their memory. But to me it looks like a monthly mortgage payment that is so big I could pay all my monthly bills with and still have money left over. I'm sure they would turn their nose up at my little clapboard house and say it's fine for someone else but they just couldn't live there. But to me, it's such a beautiful thing because it is mine - 100% lock, stock, and barrel paid for in cash. Truth be told, they don't own their mansion. Much the other way around. They are owned by it - and by the bank. I guess I don't understand them any better than they understand me. I would much rather be free., roll your chunks of dough into little balls and then roll flat using a floured rolling pin, you should end up with a nice thin bread about 2/3 mm thick., as well as this mama from Vancouver, British Columbia..., The 2011 has a nice soapy, herbal nose with prune and raisins. The taste starts malty up front with cocoa, spices and dark fruits hit the tongue strong. Semi-sweet cola rounds out the back end. Hints of spices & prune make for a rather dry finish., “Well, Lieutenant, we have time.” She picked up a wad of lint and roll of linen. “Let’s get to work, and I’ll tell you all about life in the big city.”, MJF 04-29-02 “108”, I’ll do the seven things first and then the nominations, ’cause I believe rules are made to be ever so slightly messed with., All of which makes me wonder whether the sanctions are working as well as they’re supposed to. Give them time, I suppose…., She went out on a limb to recommend this new approach., But I have really whittled down my list. For the most part, I find that too many blogs, no matter how adorable or fashionable or creative or popular or absolutely wonderful they may be......they are in no way contributing to a better lifestyle for me. What I get out of them is that I am not doing enough crafts, throwing enough parties with all my fancy friends, wearing a new outfit in every photo I take of myself, dressing my kids adorably enough, wearing my hair pretty enough and making a tutorial of how I made it so impossibly pretty, living in a fancy enough house, organizing every corner of my life, hand making paper for handmade invitations for a handmade birthday party for my baby that isn't born yet, etc. etc. etc., He said the amendments were inadequate and did not address the issue of freedom of information and press freedom., Look at rap music - first, it was a music from the gutter, from the ghettos, angry music, detailing the daily struggle to survive, the depression, the hatred of the system that kept a young black man down, and then..., I had my "levels" checked a few months ago and they were "all over the place" and my PCOS was flared. I've gained back 20 pounds because of that. I went to the gyno because my endocrinologist didn't know enough about the birth control pills out there to tell me what to take., We can always pay one of their preachers to spin the story to our benefit. Those who initially refuse will be reminded in no uncertain terms that they can go back to preaching in a parking lot or whatever shack they were in; but they will not be able to say a word in that beautiful church you built. All their performances are at your command!”, What I loved: The timeless tale of family, framed by magic., “May the Great Elkron above bless thee and give thee, Ishcandar, their most gracious blessing to have greater augmentation of thy crafty skill in thy attempt to breach the ancient lock of the old gate, that thou might further have access to plunder these dungeon chambers into which thou art trespassing with thy great impunity and … um… may the Elkron Bless thy sin ... and ... um ... bless thee in that, yes. If it so please the Elkron, be thou thusly blessed!” said Johan in a dignified whisper until the latter part where he sputtered along as he realized what he was asking for. The Hobbits stared at him for a few seconds, shrugged, and then plodded away into the darkness., Kelp is still an integral part of the Japanese diet. The Japanese include kelp in almost every meal, using it in salads or as a garnish, or cooking it in soups, sauces, and cakes. Noodles made from kelp are a staple of the Japanese diet., Eddie Cox - Guitar Kelvin Blacklock - Vocals Steve Turner - Bass Rat Scabies (Chris Millar) - Drums, A defendant was on trial for murder., First official order of business, is to commend our sisters, Payton and Suki, who were very busy over the holiday. They are seated in the Sunflower chair of honor to recognize them for their most awesome score. They have really outdone themselves with this one girls, and I think you will agree., 3 cups turbinado cane sugar, A slight quibble: it would be better to say she's a college senior UNLESS the fact she's attending that specific school is important. If it is important, say the whole name of the school: University of Maryland., You racist tramp., The first dress is an unusual spin on the well-loved checked dress. The hairstyle on the model in the second picture reminds me of Hagu from Honey and Clover., died on the cross, we died on the cross with Him; and when He was buried we, What do you all think?, "I've got something to tell that mother of mine!" I beam back with a smile., If desired, serve with a slice of fresh pineapple or orange., On to sewing. Here is the last project for 2011. Top from B5355, the skirt is V8464. The print fabric came from the Chicago Textile Outlet as I helped my daughter use her Groupon, LOL The skirt fabric was leftover from a long time ago. It's funny I can remember this. But we purchased several pieces of textured crepe before it was called Fabric.com. It worked well for jackets, skirts and slacks. I lined the skirt although the pattern doesn't call for it. It's a straight skirt with darts on the front & back. It has a centered back zipper and narrow waistband. I like this skirt and have made it twice so far. The pattern I've had for over a year perhaps. And the top is a loose-fitting pullover and sash with full-length raglan sleeves. The neckline has bias tape that I made from the fabric. I wore this on New Year's Day. It was comfortable to wear but I think I will most likely shorten the sleeves just a bit., here are two more consoles i painted. i didn't paint the grey part, but after it was finished being painted grey, i added the black linework and side detail:, Yale University Press’s Fall/Winter 2012 catalog, announcing the list of titles to be published from August 2012 to January 2013, is now available online. The cover image from Susan Jacoby’s forthcoming The Great Agnostic: Robert Ingersoll and American Freethought makes a strong connection with this month’s Thinkers theme, and on the flip side cover for art and architecture list, Robert Motherwell’s Beside the Sea No. 6 (1962), from the monumental Robert Motherwell Paintings and Collages: A Catalogue Raisonné, 1941-1991, edited by Jack Flam, Katy Rogers, and Tim Clifford, completes this latest bulletin of our publications. New books from returning authors like Gus Speth, William J. Baumol, J.H. Elliott, and Bernd Brunner make up a strong part of YUP’s offerings, while we welcome the writings of Wole Soyinka, William F. Bynum, and Amos Oz and Fania Oz-Salzberger to our World of Letters. And as always, our museum publishing partners like The Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Bard Graduate Center, and the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston continue to produce exquisite catalogues for their exhibitions—including new explorations of Andy Warhol’s artistic legacy, the Civil War and American Art, the American Circus, and the photographs of war—that will visually inspire and captivate neophytes and scholars alike., See you on Wednesday, my darlings -- have a wonderful day!!! xoxo, What if you had a car that could fly? What would you do if you found a bag full of money?, 25. The rhythum goes on (01:27), Organisers: Matthew Beaumont, Alan Bradshaw, Warren Carter, Gail Day, Steve Edwards, Larne Abse Gogarty, Owen Hatherley, Esther Leslie, David Mabb, Antigoni Memou, Nina Power, Dominic Rhatz, Pete Smith & Alberto Toscano., Hi there! Hope you are all having a great week so far! Today I am excited to share with you that over on the Melissa Frances blog, two of my recent published cards are being shared! If you visit me often, you already know how much I love her products and I would be tickled pink if you would check it out HERE and maybe leave some love :) I am SUPER excited because I am taking TWO classes this upcoming weekend that are being taught by THE Melissa Frances!!! Can't wait! That is my happy news for the day!, Why? I thought you said to learn all the skills? Yes, but here is the issue for me. As a busy father who works full-time, I don’t always know when I will be available to learn. I find opportunities in the few mins in between things. By dividing it this way I don’t waste time an energy trying to decided what I should do. I can also make those small moments in time build upon each other so I can get exponential growth in that skill. Then by switching the next week I make sure I don’t over emphasis just one skill., Today, is our Anniversary. We are romantic old fools and I did not want Dear Hubby to be able to forget this most important day. TWENTY-FIVE years today and still loving every minute (almost) of our time. He is my best friend and my love. We have done so much and so much more to do. Great plans for this year and early next year. We are avid campers (RV'ers) and are now planning our "Bucket List" trip for next Winter to Louisiana and the South. Cannot wait. I need to plan everything out precisely as we will be leaving from up North in December to travel first to North Carolina to spend Christmas with the family and then to Florida to visit with friends and, drumroll please, then to Alabama and Louisiana along the Gulf of Mexico. The most challenging part is when we start back North in February. Finding campgrounds open in the Winter and praying for no snow is going to take a lot of planning., After his speech, the minister of sport Fikile Mbalula, also attacked the ANC in a fiery speech and said that the ANC youth league was “AN AUTONOMOUS AND MILITANT organisation. The mother-body should not try to change that, they will never be able to do that.”, As the kids came with nothing from their previous carer it was a call to friends to try to borrow car seats as we had nothing. Luckily we managed to pick some up and buy a couple of new ones. We only had a queen bed in the room we intended to use for foster care. As an interim the two girls slept in the queen bed and we set up a single fold away for Ben*. We felt it was important for them to stay together in one room to make them feel safer as they were together. Although the oldest wasn’t related to the two littlest ones they had a close connection due to their previous time with the other carer., Bo Bunny Et Cetera Combo Sticker Sheet, You've got a skull, baby, you've got a spine., These I resume as I chant, I see again the forms, I smell the odor,, Rogers, E. M. (2003). Diffusion of innovations (5th ed.). New York: Free Press., What the.. she is fully hectic and totally a heretic /, The one who does get very involved in my boys gaming, even though I was so far from a gamer before he introduced me to it., associated with the use of organic makeup before investing., Jesus wasn’t concerned about me being a great writer. What He desired (and still desires) is that He has access to every part of my life. The more of myself I surren- dered to Jesus over the years, the more He’s done the work. And through Him I’ve accomplished more that I could ask or even think. Today I have enough books to fill a bookshelf, but more importantly I walk through life depending not on my own strength, but on Jesus who is at work within me., Preach my gospel- studying each day with companion, "Hun, while this didn't turn out to be the pleasant surprise we hoped it would be, it still is a surprise... At how much you can feel for a boy after all these years, at how much courage you have walking the shores of Boracay in search of a hint of a promise, and how much strength you have to rise above the circumstance., In general, politicians resist relinquishing their ability to intrude in peoples' lives, but liberals reject the idea that the smallest possible government is the best government. What would it take to change their minds about that?, Will NOLA support student's job-preparedness? Is training in a trade an option for NOLA students? What about students that want to take the GED? Can NOLA students receive a diploma? What about a high school transcript? What about college?, Per il piccolo banner nell'angolo ho usato una die Papertrey Ink e ho scritto a mano il sentiment., Oh yea...the day after I underwent permanent body art for my dogs, Oakley decided my iPhone needed to be her new chewtoy. That's puppy love for ya ;), On that morning, as I got dressed for my morning classes, I remembered I had History first period – and I groaned. My teacher was a racist American nationalist and an egotistical little prick who loved making us feel like ‘ignorant Arabs’. I knew that with this new event, he’d seize the opportunity to hop up on his red, white, and blue horse and wave his glorious flag in our faces. A part of me considered sparing myself the headache and simply skipping his class, but the pan-Arab in me insisted that I go to class and face the music., One’d have thought that the market for cycling and accessories (clothing being a key component) would be limited. Not so. Mintel (as quoted in The Independent on November 4th) have stated it is worth 700 million (yes… million) squiddlys in the UK alone. And, in 2011 it’ll be even higher., To let you know that I'm going to do a separate page for the photo food diary - I think it takes up too much room on the main blog page. So if you want to see what I've been eating check under 'Photo Food Diary' on the right hand side of the blog!, * Frank Sinatra: Mafia ties, violent, alcoholic wife-beater. ("OK, but only when he was drinking gin."), Despite a slight mishap (I dropped a whole tray of finished ones on the floor!), these were a LOT of fun to make! They are not the usual cake pops that are made from mushed up cake and frosting and then formed into balls. These little (chocolate) cakes are baked in balls and then dipped in melted chocolate., So what should it be? Ice cream, cookies, macarons, cake...I'm only going with one so I better make a choice soon before all of this "discipline" goes right on out the door and all of these calories go right on to my thighs. Decisions, decisions...., NOCIL LIMITED Appointment of Director, Well... I could not resist them either LOL, Crazy Seamus!, That call helped the lefty settle down, as he was getting hit hard by the Twins starters. The lefty really started to get in a groove in the bottom of the third when he retired eight batters, before giving up a hit in the bottom of the fifth., The audience was a rather large one and initially they gave this diminutive songstress their undivided attention, taking in every moment of her angelic voice. She dropped a cover of Mental As Anything’s “Live It Up,” which actually came across as a rather broody and atmospheric number by a femme fatal, about a million light years away from the glistening pop of the eighties original. It received loud cheers but these soon dissipated when Groom switched over to the Autoharp. She would finish with “Siren Song” and “An Ache”., And feedback I got. People I'd never met before in my entire life offered condolences and words of encouragement. I felt like I belonged to a secret society, and one that was fully supportive of whichever direction I wanted to take., This week I walked into my Weight Watchers meeting angry. My arm is *still* in pain, though less and less every day. I went to the doctors yesterday, again. This time they said “Hey, let’s do that X-Ray we keep saying we don’t need… just to be safe.” Turns out… yeah, it was broken. So, for a month I’ve been walking around, working, using, my arm broken. Mind you – it’s a minor fracture. Argh., *Younger readers will have experienced the same effect with the Harry Potter series. Book 1 could have been squeezed into a Tweet: speccy kid goes to magic school beats baddies with spells and meets friends who will look good in the movie. Book 7 on the other hand used more paper than every edition of the bible combined., Given the condition these people were housed in after arrest, the police brutality… I don’t care if the people accused are guilty or innocent, their treatment is unacceptable in either case., I even turned the mixer on higher just see what a mess we could make., alongbine: Love you like a mother lmao. Go to bed, get some sleep and I’ll be around sooner or later., But South Africa proved worrying and we made our escape., Some days don't go how you expect., So How do get my message across to her? I would love to know as soon as possible because I want a better way to stop her from scribbling over the walls, screaming on the top of her lungs when I have just put the baby for his nap, or spilling water/juice (or even cracking a raw egg – Yes, she has done that!) all over the rug., Tackling the shortcomings of the extensive growth model, which focuses on exploiting natural resources, exporting raw agro-products and depends hugely on foreign loans, is another important task. The Government will also do all what it could to cultivate a level playing field for all firms, including small and medium enterprises, to boost economic development and improve social equity at the same time. Resources should be allocated according to productivity, efficiency and contribution to the production chain as the most efficacious factors of production will provide the strongest pillar of growth., Step 5: Glue the wrapper around the candy bars and assemble basket. I used a hot glue to add just a dab of glue and they stuck really well., Oskar Blues Grill & Brewery Gordon Ale, A big chunk of me wanted to explain about linking verbs, but instead I swallowed that down and said, "That's right! Where did you learn that?", put a damper on your day), This photo captures a sensation I’ve experienced far too often. I see a person walking purposefully, yet on autopilot, all the while somewhere else entirely. It’s as if thoughts are all that exists and everything else in the world passes by in a blur. When this thinking man of Palma arrives at his destination, will he remember how he got there?, -Benny Hinn, This, of course, leads to a love triangle as the series goes forward. Dogu-chan, initially views Makoto as a servant, but discovers that she has feelings for him as he focuses his attention towards Kimika., You can use “Post it notepad” too if you want, any language is fine., Leave oil on the side, with your cooking ingredients. You will need it in a moment., The CPM-700 is a broadband receiver that can detect and locate major types of electronic surveillance devices including room, telephone, body bugs, video transmitters, and some tape recorders. The CPM-700 provides a very important effective tool for professional sweep teams, government security personnel, and private citizens with important security needs., Firstly, peer pressure is not a teen thing. Peer pressure exists among adults, too. The pressure to have the best job, a good spouse, 2.5 kids, etc. Even on a micro level, to do/have certain things that other people in your field do/have., Check out some mindteasing pictures of the LM5 Concept, enjoy…, Why am I so tired, my soul so drained, Blogger's note: What summer ?, At lunchtime, I had a sandwich made from my husband's home-made bread. He makes bread a lot, but, as the saying goes, Results May Vary. Sometimes the bread is so dense that if I have a sandwich of it for lunch, I can't get up to teach Periods 4 and 5 and they have to organise me a cover teacher. Sometimes, it's just the opposite, and has so many holes in it that it virtually counts as a diet food and means that after I've had a sandwich, I can eat three muffins and still not feel guilty. Today it was in between and the only downside was that I wasn't eating it at home while listening to You and Yours and getting ready for a nice snooze., The sky screamed foreboding. The weather girl told otherwise, uncomfortably holding this vacuous grin. It comes from trying to pass off information you received only a split-second ago as expertise. I can't believe you actually liked it, I mean anybody can wave their hands around and read autocue., So does he see the day when he would align himself with a larger publisher? “Not at this time. These are very tough times, I want to be very clear. And were it not for the other entities we’re involved in, it would be difficult. The events that we have. The internet, which obviously is a big thing and which my son is still explaining to me how it works, in terms of why it will make the money that he thinks it will.” (Mr. Graves has three sons in the business.), However, that night, I had to go to a conference. (I promise, I'm getting to the positive side effect). It was called Sexy Christians and it was really great. But to start off, we worshiped. And I stood up, on shaking legs, and began to sing "Everlasting, Your light will shine when all else fails... From the inside out, oh my soul cries out..." and I started to cry. It was taking everything I had to stand up and I was singing with all my heart and soul and I felt like God was honoring my sacrifice of doing that. And then, as I sat down, I thanked God because I wasn't alone that night I was so sick. He gave me my mom and Ty., I'm home free., Even in the dark I picture it, and all, The park, which is concrete with round copings, isn’t as large as most of the other concrete parks in the area, like Gloucester or Manchester, but it has possibly the best flow., There’s a look I get from some communities where singing is not the norm. It is a hostile, challenging look that says “no matter how hard you try you are not going to get us to sing with you”. This always disheartens me. I am happiest when I am not needed, that is, when everyone is singing so confidently and and enthusiastically that I can’t be heard over them., His fingers are fat as grubs, At HK, we love it when our co-agents come to town in the weeks before Frankfurt. We get to catch up, and to talk about the books in person, which is incredibly worthwhile. We work with them because they know the market in their country and it is great to hear what is new and different and what has stayed the same, especially in this time of sweeping changes. Of course, we are talking a lot about ebook markets abroad, but also about how adult publishers in France, Germany and other markets are adding YA imprints. We get to find out what books are really working in their markets (in addition to THE HUNGER GAMES), because not all successes here translate to successes there, and what titles from the list they love and what books they think will sell in their market., That being said, I wanted to give a HUGE THANK YOU to all of you who responded via email or on the blog about helping HAMO and the Diapers for Everyone 2010 Diaper Drive. I have to say I'm a little behind in getting back to you all who volunteered to donate or help in some way, but know your offers are duly noted... and you'll be contacted soon., by Shery Ma Belle Arrieta, A few weeks ago, I saw a post on someone's blog in which a button design patterned paper was used to line the bottom of a tray. When I saw it, I immediately thought of the 30,000 or so buttons I have stashed in my room. I used many of the older buttons that belonged to my grandmother who removed them from every piece of clothing before it finally hit the rag bag. She NEVER through anything away until it had been used to the point of disintegration., Okay. Let’s depart from that for a second and take a more serious tack. Now this bloke isn’t your run of the mill Vermin Supreme, your satirical, attention seeking 4chan troll. He may be ridiculous, but he’s kind of dangerous. Like our dear friend Gina he’s got an agenda, namely “cutting red tape” or more accurately giving free run of the country to the super rich like himself. At the moment, gaining favourable preselection for the seat of Lilley is seeming remote, but I assure you, should he gain it and anymore influence, it would be a dark day for our supposedly egalitarian society. People like Mr Palmer and Ms Rinehardt are like poison within our system, using their immense wealth, built up via exploitation and inheritance to alter the flow of opinion and change political decisions in their favour, be it to deregulate business, encourage socially conservative views, or skew the “debate” on anthropogenic climate change. The consolidation of the power should be rightly feared, and opposed at every turn. Robber barons should not, nor ever be, a part of Australian society., Ford said on Friday that it had not received details of the claim, but reiterated its stance that Visteon was a separate company from Ford since 2000, adding that it "did the right thing" on pensions for its former employees at the time of, Available online. Priced L30.00, Other species you may be lucky enough to spot include the hobby – sometimes seen chasing dragonflies or swifts and swallows over the reedbeds at sites such as Attenborough – where you might also catch a glimpse of short-eared owls., It is a lonely and difficult journey, but one that is well worth taking despite the small odds of actually reaching the end destination. And even though you may never reach Maslow‘s summit, if you are determined and keep your eye on the prize, you will at the very least reach a higher plain and be closer than you could have imagined to becoming the person you were meant to be., I'm not sure when the images will be taken down, but if you wish to see them then you can visit when the club room of Smethwick Photographic Society is open, Monday and Thursday evenings from around 7:30pm onwards are generally good times., This was supposed to be a tasty recipe ...with chocolate covered coffee beans and cranberries. Touted by a well known magazine. Who the heck baked it, tasted it and thought so? Not me. My first response was "ick"....., 1 cognates, We haven’t been getting much Sun here in the north of England this week – and even when it has shone, the clouds are never far away. As a result, the dandelions have been loathe to do their metamorphoses into “clocks” and let me experiment with an idea I had., The description states the app has “the ability to create virtual notebooks for your iPad, letting you share your ideas visually with handwritten notes, sketches or doodles. Paired with the Bamboo Stylus, it turns your iPad into the ultimate paperless communications tool.” Although it appears you can continue to create new pages, I have not figured out how to create more than one notebook. UPDATE: An email from support states they are “currently working on an update of Bamboo paper. The new version will, besides other nice features, also include multiple notebooks.” So, right now, multiple notebooks are not available. You can learn more about the app and see a short video here at a Wacom site., In all God’s wisdom, I did not get the position at the other church. I praised Him., Your first bite is like a texture and flavor explosion! The crunch and sweet taste of buttery and cinnamon spiced graham crackers....then the smooth richness of a delectable chocolate cream. My, oh my. Take it a step further and top it with a cloud of lightly sweetened whipped cream. Yes, folks - we have a winner., Irving WL, James DK, Stephenson T, et al. Influenza virus infection in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy: a clinical and seroepidemiological study. BJOG 2000; 07: 1282-1289., next up is a red patch card from 2008 upper deck baseball heroes featuring chad billingsley, We, my cousins and me, used to have food brought from home and eat at the Vicar’s dining room. We sometimes joined the sailing game after that. But the amusement slowly faded away. The other boys probably could not get enough paper to make boats everyday. Another reason was the lack of excitement in the competition. There was no skill involved. All that one was permitted to do was to blow merely to free the vessels that got, 1 distinction, Considered as the ultimate color of romance, this pale shade is said to be the favorite shade of most women across the world. Perhaps the most feminine shade ever, pink usually denotes romance, friendship, innocence, charm, tenderness, etc. Not a surprise that if given a choice most women would opt for a pink Summer Wedding. While its darker cousin red symbolizes passionate love, pink is ideal to denote romantic love. Pink is the most popular choice for Summer Weddings as it blends with the whole theme of nature in its full bloom. For a pretty and charming Summer Wedding, right from the décor to the Bridal outfit, pink is the color to be remembered., First thought of defense attorneys: did Mangum remember things later? No: Himan made clear that on March 21, she didn't remember anything more., Rattus: What wasn't you?, Let’s take another look at official federal disease incidence statistics to see whether that “worry” is justified or is just a lot of hype. In 2009, out of 300 million people living in the United States, there were 71 cases of measles reported. This year, there have been 32 cases of measles. That’s right: 32. There have been no cases of polio reported in America this year and only 1 case since 2006.14, I do want to be sure to mention this most lovely blog post by Krista of Saturated Canary. She has drawn an adorable cancer support image that she is offering for free to anyone who follows her blog. She also was so kind and gave me a sweet mention. Thank you, Krista! :) hugs to you!!!! please be sure to leave her a note of thanks and tell her I sent you over. she is such a generous and kind soul., You can still send your photos and video links that you want posted to this site to the Daily Gun Pictures email at - dailygunpictures@yahoo.com, Does anybody hear her? Can anybody see?, Happy New Year!!, YouTube, iTunes, gaming, gambling, pornography, Facebook, and the myriad copycats of these websites are overwhelming the "information" aspect of the web. It is becoming a medium of entertainment, gossip, and chatter., And here we do get to the problem with this redemptive reading of Season 22 - one I copped to when introducing the approach. It’s still based on the fact that the stories of Season 22 are almost all pretty bad. There are flashes of quality, and even, with Vengeance on Varos, a sustained attempt at it, but they feel like moments of lucidity in the midst of a protracted decline., (I wasn't worried about them being perfect at this point because I knew, 1) Brusset Cairanne and Hauts de Montmirail, nestled up to the slopes of the Ventoux, produce some of the best wines in the region. (Great olive oil can also be found in the district.) They have a place in Cairanne as well as in Gigondas. Go to Gigondas for the views and local flavor. There are some other great wineries there too, like Domaine de Pallieres and Raspail-Ay., I finished both my VSVs just after 2pm, so Andy gave me a crack at writing a pack (something I hadn’t done in a few weeks). The pack was on the North Queensland Tourism Awards that were held on the Friday night gone. Writing intros to packs are quite easy, but I’ve discovered my main issue comes from writing the first two sentences in the SOT (which is the main body of the story). Reef HQ and Remote Area Dive were both inducted into the Hall of Fame for winning an award in a certain category for the third year in a row, while lots of other local business won awards and were acknowledged for excellence in service in tourism during a tough economic time., February 2nd, Presentation of Jesus in the Temple, and three good things happening for Book Maven! She and her friends all have books coming out - what is it about publishers and February second? Maybe the Presentation of Books in the Market has a sort of Biblical ring to it?, I don't suppose I really have any deep thoughts to go along with it, and this is the first time I have "blogged" in months... but it is a start, right?, Large pot with matching cover, What did you pay for a dozen eggs?, 6. The best and worst of blogging, And please, do see it on the biggest screen you can. It’s worth it. Usually the hype leading up to big blockbusters irritates me. This time, I was enthralled and yet, I expected to be disappointed by the reality of watching the movie. Now, I want to see it again and again., I first met him in The Bronx in a pub called Durty Nelly’s, though I’d been aware of him for some time. The guy was hard to ignore. A big hulking presence he kept his cards close to his chest until you passed some unspoken test., But don't think for a minute I was going to buy some new-fangled 4-CD extravaganza with a boatload of useless extra tracks that should have never seen the light of day. No, I went to GEMM.com and picked up a used vinyl copy for a very reasonable price. It got here a few days ago., The 2am train whistle, Ineligible But Interesting, I just want to say that people change. We actually changed. And it amazes me!, And someone reading something blue,, In the spring of 2010 I went to Montana with a dear friend to take a week long seminar/retreat with Judy Niemeyer. It was the first group they hosted at their new retreat center with full catering and all the amenities. It's nice because you can take any pattern of hers you like as opposed to signing up at a shop to take a class where the pattern is usually pre-assigned. I chose the Bali Wedding Star, but instead of using batik fabrics I chose civil war era fabrics in blues and blacks. One day it will actually be finished and I'll show and tell all about it when that happens., “What bothers my Lord? My Lord must not injure himself, not when his enemies are plotting against him; not when the world is ripe for the taking. ” Syurin said with meek but sincere concern. When he was satisfied that the blood had stopped flowing, he removed the wrapping and dabbed at the wound tenderly. He applied a tincture that he drew from somewhere in those voluminous servant robes of his. It made Mal’haran wince because the tincture stung., At that same yard sale I picked up this set of drawers. Not on my non-existent list but they do fall into that storage/container category that occupies a file in my mind. They also fit other criteria like old, carved, interesting hardware and so on., 1/2 tsp ground cinnamon, Then apples again: Akane, HoneyCrisp,, One of our concerns is her poop is looking really mucus-y at times. I was just assuming that she's swallowing a lot of mucus right now, and instead of puking it out she's pooping it out (it's a wonderful visualization, I know). Since I'm definitely concerned about her weight, and her team is a bit concerned, they're going to start testing for some other possible conditions that could be in play other than the CF. Since we had to do her annual blood draw today, they're going to run a test for celiac disease at the same time. We don't think she has celiac, but they want to start there to rule out the possibility., For I lose it get composure, Have you realized it is only 20 weeks to Christmas?, 112. Night Chills: Dean Koontz, For the rest of this sharing, the only thing that matters is the love of Self. I will not be talking about any exterior sort of love… because that too, is simply illusion., It’s best to take your baby to a shoe shop where her feet can be measured by a qualified shoe fitter. The shoe fitter will also advise on the type of shoes to buy, and make sure they fit your baby properly., Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted in the earth.”, 11 Start Wearing Purple, But I wanted to know what they say is the true source of this storyline, other than Grimm's Fairy Tales? There seems to be nothing there on the internet - the script is attributed to Julia Leigh, the director. There's no mention of it being adapted from any other source..., Mississippi – 27.5 percent, 30.7 percent, It was the late movie on Channel 7 here in New York that introduced me to "The Lords of Flatbush" a film released in 1973 the celebrated the rough and tumble always edgy lives of leather jacketed teens in the 1950's. yeah., The hidden law of probable outcome, Inspired. Challenged. And longing for the next, I used his idea to make a more low-tech activity that we could do in the classroom since getting into the computer lab is not always possible at my school. I had the students work in pairs to read a page of movies and a page of restaurants in Buenos Aires, then choose which ones they wanted to go to. Here are the directions I gave the students, the movie and restaurant sheets, and the student answer sheet., hamburger on toast, carrots, fruit salad, The second route involves the most candid possible honesty, which is why it is less likely to work but may nevertheless be more preferable to the moral absolutists among you. This tactic boils down to any derivative of the following line:, Do you all throw out routines in the summer or weekends?, To finish off there is a nice statistical summary of 2011 by Heather Morrison, Simon Fraser University School of Communication, who calls it ‘the year of open’. It does certainly seem that way: “There are over 7,000 peer-reviewed fully open access journals as listed in the DOAJ, still growing by 4 titles per day“. Noted journals include PLoS ONE, PubMedCentral, arXiv, RePEC, and E-LIS. It seems that there are “over 2,000 repositories, linking to more than 30 million items, growing at the rate of 21 thousand items per day“. For many the open access model is the only way forward and this requires some people to do a lot of rethinking., Queen Sirikit National Convention Center (QSNCC) is one of three major convention centres in Bangkok. It is the smallest of the three, but the closest to the centre of the city. It has a subway station right outside. There are restaurants and cafes on the premises and the prices are the same as elsewhere. They don’t charge a premium like I have seen in the US., I have gotten to know Karianne from Thistlewood Farm- and man is she a sweetheart! I asked her to share a before/after with us today, so she chose her delightful bathroom makeover. She wasn't blogging when they got her house- so she's short on "before" pics. But her "after" pics speak for themselves!, * 1/2 tsp onion or garlic powder, I will be writing more in depth reviews of these products soon!, know that the way to so shine is to, Thrash Metal Farmhouse Strong Ale (Draught), More life insurance companies emerged following World War II, and the number eventually peaked at 2,343 in 1988. It has fallen steadily since, primarily due to mergers and acquisitions. With an aging sales force and a penchant for targeting the affluent market at the expense of a neglected middle market, the U.S. life insurance industry currently finds itself trying to reverse a scary trend. LIMRA’s well-publicized 2010 report revealed that only 44% of U.S. households have individual life insurance coverage — a 50-year low., I’ll ask forgiveness now for saying very little about not much this week. Every now and then, though, one needs to cleanse one mind of the clutter. Every now and then, the drawer needs to be tidied, the desktop organized, the closet emptied and reframed., Hours: TBD – approx. 10-20 hrs. per week (flexible schedule), 1-3 quarters and/or Summer Quarter, and thus the day went on., Here’s a list of books I’m working on for our Summer 2012 season. I have a limited number of galleys but feel free to request. As review copies become available each title will have its own page. Please follow Books on Tap on Facebook for updates. Please email me at Gabrielle.Gantz [at] us.penguingroup.com to be included on a book’s mailing list. More information about these titles will be posted as it becomes available., My Wednesday post about my life in Japan..., Davis, So they can catch me in my tears., These are not isolated cases of police brutality. The police force was acting like unrestrained mobsters, often with 10 or more police officers beating up an individual or two. It will not be an understatement to say that the police were creating a riot in the city. The very people who were entrusted to protect innocent and ordinary Malaysians were turning on them., Installing VERITAS File System Documentation as, Rates for homeowners insurance in April were up 1 percent—both for homes valued under $1 million and homes valued over $1 million. Auto rates were up 2 percent, and personal articles rates were up 1 percent., Suddenly, a dissenting opinion arises. Anna Jost, mother of a Geneseo student, says parents have the right to know – there are young ladies on campus – 17 year olds, even. There are events like Siblings Weekend, during which even younger girls will be milling around campus., You will feel so violated that you will run to your next appointment and immediately call your mother. Your mother will not answer the phone because she is out having margaritas with her brothers and sisters – your great aunts and great uncles., And thus spake she ” Thou dost come my lover, in pursuit of me and reachest my abode through this inferno barely ;, Well here's to us hopefully choosing the right paths for us and our families this year., Finally there is a elderly Greek, who feels that Instanbul is passing him by. He has dark secrets from a past when Greeks were persecuted in Turkey., We are all back to feeling better, thank goodness. Julie and I still have a bit of a leftover cough, but we're ok., Cracks open with the usual fare, the head disappears as quickly as smoke after a magicians arrival leaving it looking like Chardonnay. The nose, well at best "sulphurous" but more accurately it smells of farts., Dearest Dani~, Workshop Operator Fails In Bid To Embarrass Guan Eng – Thursday, 12 January 2012 06:38 – Bernama, “For too many years, some of the most powerful in society thought no-one could stand up to them even if they were ripping people off. Examples are energy companies, train companies, banks and even media companies., 18.Rev. J.O. Hanes And Choir / The Great Transaction's Done, Hope your day is GREAT!!!, Ok I am back on again. These last two weeks have been really rough for me. I needed a little time away from this. I suspect it comes with my age. I have been dealing with death for the last few weeks. A distant reltive who was also a close friend of mine died three weeks ago. Two weeks ago, my aunt died. Her death was followed the following week (last week) by the death of an extremely dear childhood friend; her passing truly devastated me. All of them were hard to deal with but the last one, my childhood friend was the hardest. She was very – very close to me for my formative years and a time in my young life that was very difficult., My way through chimeric visions, This morning, we set out in search of somewhere to have a massage, a treat I've promised to Wink for her birthday present. It took rather a long time to find the place ... and then it was closed. Hardly downhearted at all *sigh* we remembered a beauty salon we had passed the previous day. Maybe there?, Today, October 15, is Pregnancy and Infant Loss Remembrance Day. Babycenter says it's "a day to honor and remember babies who die during pregnancy or as newborns. Participants around the world light a candle at 7 p.m. and keep it burning for at least an hour. Because of different time zones, the result is a wave of light that spans the globe. The day also calls attention to the needs of grieving parents and creates awareness of pregnancy and infant loss.", Daisy would never tell! But I won't! I just LIKED this bridge, An additional 19 percent cited other mental, emotional or behavioral problems. Today, ADHD is nearly three times more likely than asthma to contribute to childhood disability, the report said., Very nice. Spot on for a Czech, and a very light and drinkable beer. Every time I run across one of these I'm reminded that you don't have to be one of those asshats at Stone or Victory to make great beers. And although this is an unlikely one, it's still very good., Icing: Fondant, *The Parthenon is the idea of Measure that we cannot live without.The future has no meaning without Measure., Lawrence Auster, Gene Tierney starred in the Broadway production as Patricia Stanley, she was to be loaned out to Warner Bros. but was cast in Tobacco Road instead., It tends to stick with the kids, so that when they are fumbling while trying to talk about something, prompting them for “that sentence we use to name forces” (even though it’s not a sentence) or for “the something something force…” gets them to quickly clarify what they’re trying to say., But how to get there if I couldn’t see? And what to do with my kids while I was at the doctor? I needed help. The quickest way for me to get help is to put out an APB on Facebook. I thought against it for a minute knowing I would worry some people who are geographically unable to help. My husband included. He knows how much I hate doctors, so putting out a request for someone to take me to the doctor would catch his interest. But I could put up one status and find out who was available, or I could start calling. I went for the easiest route first. Sure enough moments after posting I got a call from the other side of the world to see if I was okay. And my wonderful friends in Alaska didn’t fail, while I was one the phone with him, a friend was calling to offer her services. Can I say here that this was hard for me? I’ll admit that one thing I like best about my eyesight it that I know how important it is for independence. I would have to rely on others. And today was yet another day during this deployment where I couldn’t take care of life all by myself. I was crying as I wrote the post on Facebook. Although, I was in so much pain I was crying before I wrote it was well, but while writing a few tears were shed because I had to ask for help. Not something I ever do well., But you realize that the complexity of the local architecture, especially in the markets and casbahs – which any labyrinth aficionado would fall in love with right away (I fell in love right away) – is not only a kind of terrestrial tactic, i.e. keeping small pieces of the planet (sand) out of the inner rooms, it's also a philosophical response to the utterly gigantic north African landscapes collapsing all over themselves, ground down to sandy fissures in the distance: you want to control space, and limit the perimeter. Keep the walls close., *This guide is in Eastern Standard Time., There was some scraplifting involved here. (Hey, I'm sick and it's sucking all energy and creativity from my bones!!!) For instance, this card was inspired by this one I found on Pinterest. I made my own version of her "Tell Me" card I made this one using the quatrefoil overlays from Mel Stampz. I am in LOVE with these things! She has tiny dots, moroccan tile, damask... they're easy and you can make patterned papers to match whatever you're doing. I love that she offers them for free too. I was able to make the red perfectly match the text on the photo, which I pulled from one of the book covers using the eyedropper tool. Everything matches!!!, Thanks, Nifty!, to humble those who refuse to see, I even got a birthday surprise of 18 new tomato plants (18!!!), 6 zucchinni plants, and 12 pepper plants! So far I've worked 6 of the tomatoes in and gifted 2 of them to my mother, the non-gardener who is excited yet scared at the same time, rather like a mother with her first newborn. :) She doesn't know it, but I plan to make her have basil, too. (You can't have all those beautiful tomatoes and no basil to make my favorite summer margherita pasta). When I suggested this to her, she cringed and said she would kill it. I'm going to convince her otherwise., Confrontation doesn't always need to take the form of yelling or arguing. It can be a calm interaction where you state your opinion, which is opposed to the other person. Unless you throw garbage out your window in my town. In that case you may get an earful that sounds a little something like, "Was I mistaken when I saw a big cup flying out of your window back there? I will chase you down again, you better believe it.", There is a major concern that many evaluations will not be accurate. Inconsistent applications of the Danielson framework has been a problem in the past. Let’s say, teachers follows this arbitrary framework, does that make them effective? Where’s the measure, what’s effective? Will the person doing the evaluation recognize innovation? Will innovation in the classroom be allowed? If it’s not on the check off list is it valid? What’s valid? There is a plethora of education research that contradicts Danielson’s methods and frameworks, some have been successful models some not. But then again, how do we measure success., Resident Affronted Archives: Resident Affronted Zero, Welcome to another happy Saturday here at the Crazy 4 Challenges Blog!!, And Kassia (Vegas) has clearly been taking tips from Kathy (Tucson) and took some pictures of me sleeping and sent them off to friends. I didn’t even have my jammie’s on!, 5) People who think they need to give me "instructions", In contrast, the depiction of London in Jennifer E Smith's The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight kept on jolting me, because I knew more than the author. I kept on wanting to tell her things. For example, British weddings tend not to feature loads of adult bridesmaids all dressed the same, and they don't go down the aisle before the bride. Clinking a glass at a British wedding means a speech, not a kiss. Middle-class families with lots of children don't tend to live in Paddington - just three examples, but I could go on and on. 'Everything in this city seems old, but charmingly so, like something out of a movie.' is not a meaningful description to a Londoner., Normally I take pictures as I go, but this time I was working so concentrated that I all but forgot until it was well and truly finished. Anyway, this cabinet I built from scratch. I looked up some pictures of similar cabinets on the Internet and drew up my own plan. Since I have a thicknesser for miniature woodwork I can use whatever wood I have available. In this case I have used slats from old Venetian blinds. The only part I am not happy with is the doors. I wanted to hinge them with pins at the top and bottom, but I tried a more complicated way that did not work. Instead of rounding off the side of the doors to accommodate the opening and closing I tried to drill the holes off centre, but the pins stuck out. I think the holes were a bit to close to the side. Anyway, I solved the hinge problem by using pieces of fabric. It doesn't look as good, but it will have to do. Once in the shop with plants and other stuff all around it doesn't matter as much anyway., This blog has changed me. Don't get me wrong, yes it has changed me, but for the better. When I first started this...well,here's a surprising secret from the author- I didn't know a thing about fashion. Yes,you read that right. When I started, my usual outfit were jeans or shorts, a random t-shirt, ponytail, and flip-flops. It never changed from that either. Until Sunday, which the bottoms turned into a skirt.Still, this blog helped me to realize there are more cute things out there to wear., Tony Stark: When they come, and they WILL come, they’ll come for you., It’s worth mentioning that Pine Siskins made a surprise resurgence today. 40 of the zippy winter finches were heard and seen flying over the tower site., “Seriously, Seth, we could do this all afternoon. You know, just like everyone else around here, that I still give free advice. And, you should know that even though it’s free, it’s still privileged.”, 2. Once all of the ingredients form a ball, place the ball on a work surface, and knead the dough for approximately 10 minutes. Alternatively, use a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook and mix at low speed for 10 minutes. As the dough is mixing, continue to add flour, a tablespoon or two at a time, until the dough clears the sides of the bowl and is tacky but not sticky., when I leave my bedroom., I can’t even get over the deliciousness of Pichet Ong’s cupcakes at Batch. Just looking at these photos, you can tell these have “it.” They’re home-baked. Use real ingredients. Are carefully considered. And generously constructed., “We’ll do the same with The Hobbit, to make it consistent and give it the feeling of otherworldliness—to get the mood, the tone, the feel of the different scenes,” he said., Finally kneel and pray?, The poop picture thing is still weird, huh?, Shirish asked, I had joined a company exactly on 10th Apr 2011 and got confirmation after six month. Now we had appraisal from 1st April 2012, they tell me that since I have 10 days short for one year completion, hence I am not eligible for the appraisal. Is is correct, “Masuzoe said that the source of infections in Japan remained unknown, and it was better to act on the presumption that the influenza has become widespread. He said it was important to ensure that the virus did not spread and that no deaths occurred. He added that closing schools early over a wide area was an effective measure, and asked for understanding from residents.”, If you go with a local dealer who has connections in Japan, he will also only charge a down payment for you until the vehicle is purchased in the auction, and once you raise the LC will refund you the down payment., Garlic- 2 cloves, Teddy & Train w NM $12.00, I am so embarrassed about these baskets. I saw this basket idea on one of the blogs that I follow and, now that I want to post the photo, I cannot find whose blog it was. So sorry. I actually took an egg shape from one of my Cutting Cafe files and resized it and then traced it. Had to do a lot of erasing and cutting and drawing to get what I wanted and here it is. Papers are all Coordinations and I also used a lot of the Cutting Cafe files for the images on the baskets. All labels and candy bar wrappers are a Free Printable from Angela at Anything But Perfect. She has such awesome designs and freebies. Love them., I was so interested, or nosy depending on how you look at it, in what Jamal was doing that I totally missed the fact that several other men had backed two of the Metro buses out of the way clearing our path straight through the roadblock nearly in the center of the compound., On the Friday night, here in lovely Mijas, there was a poetry book presentation at Casa Museo...yes, I know, don't you just love when people tell you... there was!! Sorry, but I did not know about it either until that very afternoon.... we should all read Mijas Semanal much more than we do!, The idea is to plant the image then return to it, creating a good transition as you do., So Pat got offered to guest post here. But that is not going to come due I fear. For Pat is too boring and would have you all snoring. He wanted to talk about taxes which would probably make you want to murder him with pitchforks and axes. So the cat will save the human once more and, Please wish me luck., makes you dance on the tunes of time”, Who/What inspires?, Yo head leak like water drippin from a faucet, There is a huge row raging now at least in Andhra Pradesh about some behavior predictability of individuals in general and women in particular based on certain land mark body changes and timing of such changes and future attitude predispositions. The height of the controversy is the matter going to Human Rights Commission-though it is not the proper venue either to observe understand or decide-rather than going to behavior psychologists, cultural anthropologists, behavior sociologists, cultural sociologists. Let us examine what this controversy is all about and how it should have been resolved., but tonight I walk, coziness., - that's Cuttlefish -, First it was Tim Pawlenty. Then it was Donald Trump. Next it was Sarah Palin. Then it was Chris Christie. Now it is Herman Cain who has quit his quest for the Republican nomination for President of the United States., Who ordered this toilet?, investment (state)/spending, Here’s you chance…in 7 words express what you do without saying “I” or “me” or your organizations name. Just to make it interesting, answer the follow up question, “What does you organization do” in 7 words., Mama’s Holiday Wish List Meme, The old golfer leans over the bar and whispers, “I was wondering, young lady, are you the one who gives the hand jobs?”, are you NOT loving the new blogger interface? i know they "introduced it a while ago, and i chose to use the old format, but now they are FORCING me to use the new one!, I've always liked the look of pictures hung gallery style on a wall. Its a great way to use small pieces to cover a large wall. Our home has a mismatch selection of art due to both sides of our families having artists as well as art picked up on some of our travels. I pondered the idea of doing a gallery style wall behind our t.v. but in the end I decided to hang 2 Ikea Malm floating shelves side by side and create a gallery style shelf instead. In my opinion the less cohesive the collection the better! If any of you have gallery style walls, I would love to see pics!, When I opened my email this morning, we received an email the agency who did our care package for us. Rui had drawn some pictures for us, with instructions from her teacher. They included a note from her as well. She hopes we love her pictures, and is looking forward to seeing her mommy and daddy very soon. She also loved the presents we sent., Then he gave us some TNT and we went crazy. However, we kept dying and he had to keep giving us more stuff so I told him to op us. He did and then all hell broke loose. We basically decimated the entire biome. Then Riley started a new project. He was placing TNT all over an entire mountain. Being the good kid that I am, I went to assist him. Tyler joined in and…well you can see for yourself., Doreene, to wish then close our eyes, Where first you burn books, next you will burn people!, The Movie Inspired By A Day On A Set Last Summer:, Some footnotes, On Friday, my cousin's son got married. The solemnization ceremony was held at the Sultan Mosque after which we all proceeded to my cousin's place for a feast. Then last night, we attended the sit-down wedding dinner in a hall. We, the relatives, didn't have to do much.... just sat & ate & mingled a little bit while the singers & dancers entertained the guests., io9, Wikipedia’s founder will help make academic research available to all, Wow, Gowers is doing good. But it looks like Jimmy Wales is going to get to do the historic Berlin “Tear down this paywall” speech. Hope the ACM and IEEE archives open up soon., Being inspired by all the great talent and ideas out there, Hmm, so help me understand this. Here we have a picture book about a bath. A dog. A cowboy. An extended joke about getting clean and its potential hazards for a habitual slob. I will point out that while admittedly, the cowboy has to take his clothes off to bathe (well, don't you?) there is nary a naked rear end visible in this book. Adam Rex has been cleverly circumspect in that matter. The laughs are all drawn from what we can't see., On a sunny day Vondelpark fills up with so many people you might actually begin to wonder if it’s a public holiday. On a day like this buy yourself a disposable BBQ (roughly €4-€6) from most supermarkets and a bottle of red wine and have lunch/dinner in the park. It’s bliss., that your sacred self still hosts?, This is not a recovery., Viewed in their context, these passages indicate clearly that early Christians believed Jesus was ruling, not waiting. The entire basis of their confidence in salvation and forgiveness of sins was based on their understanding that they had a ruling high priest who could actively plead for them, that the glorified Jesus was in heaven, sitting at God’s right hand, that is, ruling with His Father’s full support, possessing complete authority to act on their behalf., Sunday, October 18th, is Daffodil Day in Kensington., All the thrills, the sights, the people, the bay air: It all feels like what I thought home would feel like., we will with the rest of the UK celebrate. On 5th June we get a National day's holiday., If, and I don’t know, the people involved are the dividing factors – perhaps we just need more, and more varied people involved to make a fantastic proposal come to life. Perhaps what makes this project work – whether it is based in a heritage building or funded privately by members of our community is just that., 3. Showing Off on Personal Blogs. Blogs are an excellent platform for candidates to showcase their hobbies, writing and communication skills, and general interests. Think they’re just for marketing candidates? Think again. Even a meat cutter at Whole Foods can run a successful butcher blog to establish expertise and share experience with an avid audience. And candidates for and candidates for artistic positions can showcase their portfolio of work., * And many more..., A Welsh night out - or "sesh" - cannot whimper away on a wave of "see-yas" or drown in a repeat kebab's chili sauce. It must soar to new heights of purpled-panted passion at the Pontarddulais bus stop, or else vault slag-heaps of convention with a slow-burn scrummage., My challenge (and this is as much for me as everyone else) is: this week, as you give feedback to friends and other writing peers, be as generous in your praise as you are in your critique. That doesn't mean you praise insincerely--but find things to genuinely celebrate in the writing of others., To be entered to win on my personal blog:, "I don't have a daughter., I cradled my new record between both hands. Gently placed it on the turntable. Dropped the needle. Rushed to sprawl across my twin bed in the room I shared with my older sister, and picked up the stiff cardboard album jacket., I wish I could have worn this outfit to my first ever visit to a nightclub. It must have been 1978 or 1979, I was 14 or 15, and the nightclub was called Peaches, in Milton Keynes. That probably tells you all you need to know... Oh the glamour. Studio 54 it was not., By the thousands, these tank-sized cabs would roam up and down the avenues, looking great, burning gas and picking up passengers. Once inside, you were met with the cavernous back seat. It made you feel like you were driving in your living room. Or more often than anyone needs to think about, bedroom., Now, I am not trying to convince everyone that this will work. Not everyone needs convincing. Some people have already done the heavy lifting and now can set back and enjoy their lives. For some, the heavy lifting was done before they were born, and all they have to do is stay on course, not jump the track. But some of us, we have been doing it all wrong from the start. We have avoided the heavy lifting, and never seem to get over the Big Hills, because we are out of gas when we get there. No I think that if maybe one percent of the people out there agree with me, or think maybe I am not so crazy, that would be a great start. Heck I would take 10 People who want to roll the dice and pull together to do the heavy lifting. Not so easy to find those 10 People, but I am trying., Attitude and Work-ethic beget what you deserve., 5. JAVA code fixing and testing the fixes., she will be using it as storage in her dining room for glasses, dishes, etc. i'll be sure and show you guys when i get a photo of everything inside!, There are only two possible explanations for the above. Either advertisers are crazy, or they are hopelessly out of touch with...the people who economically control this country.An article in MarketingDaily last week gives us good reason to believe that in the intervening three years, if anything, marketers have gotten even farther out of touch., Sunday afternoon, Manly out of the blue, decided that we should go out to dinner., 1931 -”I’m All Dressed Up With A Broken Heart”, Onions - 1, medium size, finely chopped, Don’t specify, You Can't Make This Stuff Up, It's no secret here that I struggle with infertility., Zest of 1 lemon., 2 cubbies from Target, Let me start over again. We have a fantastic cookie recipe,, balloonist and metal worker,, As a parent I’ve discovered many things about myself. One of which, is the fact that I truly love children’s literature. The best part of my day is story time. Every night before my children go to sleep, we spend time cuddling in my bed with a good book. Recently, story time has changed a bit. We have graduated from picture books such as The Very Hungry Caterpillar to chapter books like Harry Potter and the Magic Tree House Series. Therefore, when I was recently approached to review Journals of the Big Mouth Bass I was thrilled. I thought it would make a great addition to our story hour and I knew my children would like it., Do you use your basement? Is it finished?, And I love you, I swear that’s true., The number didn't reappear on a Dodger player until Los Angeles acquired reliever Phil Regan from the Tigers. In the best performance for the No. 27 since the days of Pete Reiser, Regan went 14-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 65 games for the 1966 Dodgers and led them to the World Series., There are, literally, thousands of examples of this. If a private detective has a book full of telephone numbers, and those numbers include celebrities he or she hacked before, the chances are the other numbers were in there for the same purpose. If a former Chancellor tells the Chilcot committee that he kept on increasing the army budget – but the Ministry of Defence figures show he did no such thing – the chances are that man is a liar. If a police force keeps on insisting an innocent man they’ve killed is a terrorist when they know he isn’t, then the chances are it wasn’t an innocent mistake., olive oil for brushing rolls, We came home and played online for a while, but just felt like going to bed early. Around 11 pm, we curled up togeter and watched a movie. Mom said I must have been exhausted, because I fell asleep and snored! *rolls eyes* I wonder how she would like it if I told her when SHE snores!!, one thing i love about this time of year is making delicious soups and stews in my beloved cast iron cookware. it's just such a treat having the right equipment to get the job done so every opportunity i have to use my cast iron makes me happy., I was introduced to scrapping in 2004, like many scrappers, from an in-home party. But I didn't scrap with real consistency until 2008, once my kids were a bit older and out of their infancy stages. :) As a graphic designer by profession, this hobby has brought me back to the fundamental reasons why I fell in love with design in the first place : paper, color, letter form and layout. My style has, of course, evolved from those early days. Now I would definitely say that I have a fun, cheerful, colorful and whimsical style. I LOVE to layer pattern, color and texture (especially with buttons, ribbon and sewing). I think it's safe to say that I love to embellish on my work. :) I currently design for American Crafts, October Afternoon, and am a Garden Girl for Two Peas in a Bucket. I've been fortunate to have had my work published in several magazines ranging from Creating Keepsakes, Scrapbook Trends, CARDS, Paper Crafts as well as Scrapbooks and Cards Today. I am from the beautiful state of Washington, but I currently live in a small quintessential New England town in Connecticut with my awesome husband of 12 years, our daughter, 9, and our son who nearly 6., When I tried the top-down version I did not know that fabric lying around relaxing for a while can not be relied on as a guage swatch for yarn that is subsequently ripped, stretched and re-knit. I learned that lesson the hard way too., The crayfish were on a base of canned cream of celery (the real thing would have separated in an hour) and was based on a picture from choosy beggars that the director had loved. The canned soup stayed exactly the same all day long (it was never intended to be eaten, only seen). The parsley oil did dissipate over the course of many hours and a crayfish being removed to a plate for 4 takes., my heart) i am never without it (anywhere, I couldn't believe how chchchilly it was here this morning....29...yeppers...I said 29. I know for some that's nothing but for a place where flip flops are the norm....well....do you know how hard it is to wear your flip flops with socks? Ms Peaches was purrrfectly comfortable but then I would be too if I had a luxurious fur coat on. HA Wouldn't that be a pretty picture? Me in a fur coat (would have to be faux though) and flip flops with socks. I could start a new trend. Nahhhh...I'm weird enough as it is., All Good Things by Leigh Somerville picks up where her first novel It All Started with a Dog left off, answering the question, “Will Rachel Springer marry John Turner?” Just when Rachel thought the biggest challenge was choosing a wedding dress, her ditsy friend Susan shares a painful secret that shakes her already shaky confidence in love. A bequest from Rachel’s grandmother — and a near-death experience with John’s grandson, Ben — help her make the decision that changes the lives of every character in the book., The aroma from Standing Stone’s homemade breads will lure you in from the street, while the menu of delectable gussied-up pub fare (mmm …buffalo burgers) will keep you coming back. Standing Stone’s brewing system, font of countless pitchers of hefeweizen, amber ale, porter and IPA, is showcased in the front window of the restaurant., Sun rising., Today I am Grateful for the 'Housecoat Fairy' Every morning I wake up, reach into the closet and put on my housecoat. Every morning it is hanging there, despite my leaving it in the bathroom the day before. (or on the bedroom floor or flung over the rocking chair) I probably don't say thank-you enough for the everyday 'little things' so today 'Housecoat Fairy' you are my Gratitude., NO--, “I don’t think so why?”, Hi everyone, thanks for coming back. Please scroll down for the MTME Pretty Pattern #57 post, too., They are the HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) units and their antiquated baffling systems. They have a job to do, but they just can’t get it done anymore., My kids totally understand that I have a different surname to them, and they don’t question it at all. Although I have no doubt my daughter would be delighted if I legally changed my name to Dora., Moths love them., I took down my little valance over the sink and am liking all of the light coming in., At the Gym or on a Walk,, The first is a tote! I created this project using the Designer Series Paper in the Sale-a-bration catalog as well as some of the in-color card stocks. The tote has been embellished with embossing, a couple of brads, and a little distressing., (To be continued…), Frankly, I did catch myself slipping into a more annoyed state. I kept thinking, why are people letting these cars turn left? Where’s a cop when you need one? I need to get home! And yes, there were obviously annoyed people on the road for whatever reason. But being in that slow moving, albeit courteous traffic gave me time to think whether an aggressive, policed, system was more efficient than a forgiving, almost parenting method. I don’t think it would have made a difference in terms of getting places sooner. I’ve noticed honking, yelling, flipping people off doesn’t seem to change the pace of moving traffic. If anything, it slows people down while they try to figure out what the problem is to the complainer. So it’s just easier for me to listen to the radio or marvel at people’s patience., I've read many a rave review about Liz Earle products, but never indulged, mainly because of the price but also because these products aren't really that easy to come by. However this Sheer Gold Shimmer was recommended in Company magazine and I really fancy giving it a try. I'd really like something that would give a subtle shimmer to my skin, especially when its tanned on nights out or hopefully give a gorgeous glow when out in the sun. I found that on the Liz Earle website you can get this for L8.49 for 50ml, however I found a bottle on eBay for L4.00 inc P&P....., I am both–I am my parents’ child and I am biologically their (my birthparents’) child. Why can’t they recognize that I am both?, I was once a liberal. I often said many of the aforementioned quotes. But, after Hillary lost the nomination, I reassessed myself. I started reading McCain’s platform. I dove into the world of politics – I haven’t looked back since. I’m an ardent young conservative because I believe people should earn their money, then keep and spend it at their own will. The majority shouldn’t have to pay for the failures of the minority – enough entitlements and handouts; that’s called socialism., Keeping my lips locked on her clit, I began fucking her with my thumb in her pussy and a finger in her ass, moving into the pussy while pulling out from the ass, then alternating: finger deep into her asshole while the thumb pulled out and tarried along the edge of her cunt lips, then back inside…., Once cooked through, carefully remove the ramekins from the roasting pan, run a knife around the edge and turn out onto a plate. Mine came out fairly easily with a minimum or angst and drama, but next time, I will take better care with my butter and flour in the crevices as the caked did stick a bit around the edges. Top with sauce and serve., Also, be sure to check out our Pinterest! We have boards specifically for Gardening Tips & Tricks and Fun Gardening Projects! Want to contribute your own ideas, pictures, or articles? Send us an email, tweet at us @Tap_Roots, or post on our Facebook page with your contribution!, Beautiful evening....beautiful sunset. Life is good., 1 prodded, The timing for this dive was to drop into the water as the sun was setting so that we still had some daylight while we geared up and listened to Divemaster Boed (Yes, we were with Boed again.) explain the dive plan. The diveboat arrived at Kokomo around 1800 and we joined a small group of intrepid souls for our adventure into the Stygian realm. A fast ride later, we tied to the dive buoy over the Rhone and geared up while Boed explained how things would go. We were the only boat there. We’d have the Rhone all to ourselves this evening., Beyond the fourth inner planet and closer to the star than the first gas giant there remained a region of planetesimals which failed to form into a unified planet because of the gravitational effects of the large gas giant nearby. A few billion years later, the sentient and observant inhabitants of the third planet from the star would call this the "asteroid belt" and they would wonder if it might be the remains of a planet which had blown up, either by natural causes or as a result of the invention and use of a massive explosive device invented by the long-deceased inhabitants of that once-upon-a-time planet. These folks also named a similar formation beyond the outermost gas giant the "Kuiper belt." Sentient but not very imaginative, huh? Why do they have a thing for belts?, when I think of you, Hello Users!, Well, it’s gotten warm enough that the Puncture Vine (i.e. Goat Head weed) has germinated out in our perennial garden. I knew it was out there because the dogs kept getting into it, and I kept getting stabbed when I was planting the strawberries. Well, boy do we have it. Holy Ground Cover Batman. It’s an annual, and easy to kill with a rake or a hoe when it is small. I evidently chose a former bed of it to plant the strawberries in. I hope it all germinates this year and we can be done with it. We’re certainly not going to allow any of it to go to seed. I remember this stuff from California and Arizona, where it will go right through a bike tire, or a flip flop. Ouch., Arugula is a strongly flavoured green, full of peppery notes. The buttermilk vinaigrette should have tempered the pepper, but due to the scant amount applied to the salad, it was arugula overload. The thin slices of pickled peppers were unnoticeable -- until you bit into one. Their bitterness did nothing to balance the dish. The salty onions simply overpowered everything on the plate including that beautiful, tender, succulent steak. The steak though, on its own, was divine., 8 oz. unsalted butter, softened, The interrogators’ voice was low, and only those around him could really hear it., and forced then to bereave and grieve., Georgette entered a competition called open Mic Uk a national singing comp , the prize is a record deal and L30, 000 investment ......... she sailed through the auditions and sailed through the regionals ...and was in the judges top 8,. she is now in the Areas and if she gets through that shes performing her original and a cover at the indigo arena in at the 02 in London and competeing for that record deal !!!!!!!!!, Tapioca desserts are fun to make--a great idea for cooking with children--and probably one of the easiest ways to get a filling dessert on the table in no time., Striped Cavern tomato - 18, a kind of dwell and welcome, song after all,, Me: “Er. Okay. Well, anyway, yesterday I thought my appendix was ruptured–”, We’re not the guys working construction who whistle chauvinistically from across the street three stories above you as you walk to work. I mean, come on, girls! Any sexism I may exhibit would be way more sophisticated than hollering at you in the street! When I perv on you, I'm perving on you on a whole other, much deeper level, baby., She waited all night and then with the first bird call she slipped under water., Last week, the UK cut direct aid to Malawi after a diplomatic spat with Mr Mutharika's government., Paying for her happiness on credit, loans, promised sex and TV dinners?, My heart is sick of leaping and tripping like an Aintree racer with old knees. These words bounce in my head: wherever I hang my hat. But I have no hat and I have no hatrack and my hair lollops when I cycle through the airport, through the wind. Wherever I hang my head aint my home. I’ve got no more time for head hanging. I’m bored of it. I can’t believe I keep on talking about property., I was hugely impressed with her, although her friend had had Benny do the same and Benny is a very lazy animal., It was about time I revisited the perturbed hilarity of Heathers; a deliciously warped movie that comforts me whenever I'm feeling a tad unbalanced or depleted in the red scrunchy department. You see, I hadn't seen it in at least five years (my overplayed VHS copy just up and died on me). So, as you would expect, the prospect of bathing in its unsavoury light once again had me all aflutter and wistfully woolgathering about blue leggings, shower-nozzle masturbation material, lunchtime polls, cow-tipping, strip croquet ("Sure beats boning on the neighbour's swing"), the perfect hangover cure, and, of course, the breeziness of teen suicide. This film, directed by Michael Lehmann and written by Daniel Waters, is a movie that I used to watch at least once a week back in 1992-93, and it remains to be not only one of the darkest comedies of all-time, but one of the best movies period. Which was a relief, because I was deathly afraid that the film's ability to shock and delight might have softened over the years. But thankfully the film continues to brilliantly skirt that fine line between utter tastelessness and biting satire. Originally, I watched the film because of my healthy obsession with Winona Ryder, but gazing longingly into the diminutive actresses' big brown eyes soon became secondary, as I found myself transfixed by the film's harsh depiction of everyday life at a nondescript high school. The random acts of cruelty and the impenetrable nature of the various social hierarchies all rang true., Keep extending it just a little longer., Dear Parent,, Gaining such confidence in herself has inspired Alyssa to become very involved with her local community. She serves as a 4H mentor to sixth graders, works as a Student Teacher and America Reads Tutor, and is Treasurer of the Service Club at SUU. She is also President of the American Sign Language Club, and is a member of both the Anthropology Club and the Research team within the Michael Leavitt Center for Politics., I was at school, one of the days I didn't skip., Beartic is one of the new pure Ice types from Gen V. The tuft of fur on its crotch looks a bit strange… XD The icicles on its chin looks kinda like a beard, even though it’s 50% female., These robots were armed with trombones that fired mortar shells, trumpets that fired bullets, tubas that were used as flamethrowers, remote controls that were used to control Robotic Christmas Trees, and possibly more., I think there is a lot to be said for finding one specific thing to fight and taking that on, whether it be trying to find homes for the thousands of young orphans, providing clean water, or trying to end oppresive regimes. However, there is also a need for big-picture campaigns like ONE to keep the larger picture before our eyes at all times., When we left to go to India last August, we did our best in getting our house and yard ready for the fall and early winter, to be by itself. But we had lots of plants growing, that we had started because we love gardening, but mostly, because we wanted to share them with our friends who would come and watch our house while we were gone. We wanted them to have tomatoes and basil to take home. Enjoy the corn, cucumbers, lettuce, carrots and anything else that was growing and would survive without much weeding., I am pretty sure that Baby L outgrew my pelvis weeks ago. She seems still to be attempting to backstroke through her previously roomy environment, which causes a lot of doubling over on my part. And, you know, having the breath knocked out of me mid-sentence. And nausea., that eternal flame, and then the next reply..., Killian’s First Cold, to store: Rinse the leaves in cool water and dry on paper towel. Wrap leaves tightly in plastic or a zip lock bag. Best if used within two days, though it will easily last a week., I'm thankful for my new job. I'm thankful for a family that loves me. But most importantly, I'm thankful for God's grace through Christ in my life, even though I don't deserve it. I'll update you guys soon on what the Lord is doing in my new job and in this next stage of my life. In the meantime, what is He doing in yours?, Apply a lighter shade of eyeshadow all over the eyelid using a large eyeshadow brush. Blending it to perfection is key. Use a longwearing crease resistant formula as NARS single Eyeshadow, in a series of uniquely paired color combinations. Worn together or alone, all duo eye-shadow can be applied sheer or built up for a more dramatic effect. Why should you use N.A.R.S.? Simple, it applies smoothly, blends easily, crease resistant, awesome color, and mostly is long-lasting., The nose showed floral and herbal notes, red fruit, dried fruit too, spice and vanilla with delicate caramel in the background., Laurel nodded and handed the pistol back to the officer. “You two take point. I’ve got the back.” She squeezed beside the two fat men and went back by Violet., I quizzed Pam Cockrum relentlessly about changing classes and using lockers when we moved to seventh grade. I wore my locker key around my neck on a chain Grandma crocheted for me., There are other, much smaller companies in Kentucky that also call themselves cooperages. They may make a few new barrels, or resell new barrels acquired from ISC, but mostly they deal in used barrels that they buy in large quantities from the distilleries., Jennifer Hoyle of the Chicago Department of Law estimated that cost to be $30 million., Lemonades Cookies together in a small bowl and sprinkle on top of filled crusts., The increasing rumble-roar of traffic heralds a more modern aspect of human history as a towering concrete viaduct takes the M20 motorway over the river. The dwarfing monolithic piers are unsurprisingly well graffitied, most of it banal vandalism, but one pier acts as an informal shrine to a deceased loved one with spray-painted tributes, wilted flowers, bedraggled cuddly toys, a fading football shirt…., Newport Beach Never Ceases to Amaze Me at Bucket List Publications. All of BLP’s posts are cool and amazing; like getting a free vacation in your living room. This one highlights a truly beautiful place I miss very much., Hot off the Press fold it RIBBON SWIRLS template- 5.00 BRAND NEW, Kelly Bundy really is my style icon, she deserves her own post, which she will have soon. And if you got that my title is a quote from her blessed blonde head, we can be friends, It is difficult to discuss religion under Secular Orthodoxy, since it discourages the idea of God. Observant Christians and Jews are relegated to the same essential status as theosophists -- that is, they are people who have forsaken science for superstition. What is obscured by this false dichotomy is the fact that the secular worldview derives its belief system from the heritage of Christian Europe (and thus also the Jews). One may remove the theological philosophy behind it, but Western concepts of right and wrong, of the universe and man's place in it, have not yet diverged significantly from what they were in a time when almost everyone believed in God., There are so many pros and not many cons that I guess for me it would have to be prioritizing time between writing, social networking and promotion. As a writer you really need to be able to multi task as well as keep yourself focused. Setting goals for yourself helps keep you on task as well., “We do not hold seminars or have speakers, we have each other. The widows come together to enjoy life the way they did when their spouse was still alive. From surfing to zip-lining, we are here to enjoy each others company and share some of our fondest memories.”, Fighting crime just to save the world! The lyrics went something like that, right? Eh, my childhood is fuzzy...but what I do remember is Blossom being one of my favorite PowerPuff girls since she was the medium between both Bubbles and Buttercup...but as I got older I've liked the butt-kicking attitude of Buttercup. Who was your favorite character from the show?, And so even the protest is protested. Yet that makes the confusion greater not less, doesn't it? Is the third Thursday in November a Day of Thanksgiving or a Day of Mourning? Is it a day to celebrate universal brotherhood and sisterhood, or a day to remember broken promises and a history of oppression? Should we feel grateful? Or guilty?, It was only after the game was nearing its conclusion that word began to pass through the bar that this was actually its last night of business for the foreseeable future. Details emerged that ownership of the larger 'parent' building next-door (a cinema) had changed hands, and that new owners had ideas of their own about best use of the site. New ideas which were unlikely to revolve around the serving and enjoying of immaculately kept craft beer., Q086) This spring, the fashion item you are aiming for is?, Sometimes they don’t even look at my face at all. Especially some men. They “talk” to my chest. I hate that. But then, people do tell us who they are, don’t they? These are some of the things that have caused me to envy my less endowed sisters., My hair is really short now., HELP A BROTHER OUT!, Ah, wouldn’t it be better- I think to myself- if instead of cursing each other we would just read Edna St.Vincent Millay to each other?, The reason is because I thought way back how the media reported that most “Young black and Latino men weren’t going to make it past 18.” We lost a lot of friends during those turbulent 1980s and 1990s, but my best friends and I thought about it and we made it. I thought about how when we were 18 they said, “Young black (and Latino) men won’t make it past 21” and we did. Then they said, “Young black (and Latino) men won’t make it past 25” and again, we thought about it and did. Unfortunately, because of the grim picture that the media painted for me. I looked at every birthday for a young urbanite as a game of survival and nothing to be celebrated. In fact, I almost fell into the Westernize trap this year of just thinking of this day as being just a number to dread because it means you’re getting older and closer to death. (Westerners fear death.), After our first round, we went for a quick peak at the lower level before leaving. Slipping through the somewhat discreet door at the foot of the stairs, provides a completely different level of ambiance where a small bar oversees a dim dance floor with DJ. I love the juxtaposition of these two rooms and wish Paris would offer up more varied venues like this. Happy with this discovery, we settled in for an impromptu second round. In the basement, drink options are limited to a handful of spirits and mixers for basic well drinks. I had a rum and coke. No comment., APEX was founded in 1992 and today serves more than 200 youth from almost 50 public schools, and provides over 6,000 hours of volunteer service a year within New York City’s five boroughs. The youth can participate in a variety of after-school programs that build academic skills to help them overcome achievement gaps, engage them in a larger community, and instill a lifelong commitment to volunteerism and service. These programs address a population that is often assumed to be well positioned for success. However, one in four Asian American youths live in poverty, one out of three do not graduate high school on time or graduate at all, and 65 percent in high-need areas are not college or career-ready upon graduation. Despite these statistics, only one percent of New York City’s social service budget and foundation grants to New York charities go toward organizations focused on Asian American communities. APEX’s programs fill the void of the underserved in this community and young people who complete its programs have a 99% college attendance rate. After 20 years, APEX’s youth alumni number in the thousands.., “Ellen Linder”, Is there anything I haven't fessed up to on this blog? If I haven't, rest assured, I HAVE fessed up somewhere and I expect somebody will re-print it one of these days. ;), Garden #6-, I've had this one planned for a while, but couldn't decide how to pull it all together. Nothing like a deadline to make that happen! Creativity under fire. Either you thrive on it (I do) or you falter., However, every sentient being has within itself a divine imperative to evolve – and it will. But when it does so, it is through its own choice…although, of course, it has all the time necessary to see, understand, and make that choice. It is a choice it cannot fail to make because it is God’s Will that it do so, and because at the deepest level it is one with God, therefore God’s Will is its will., Yet the fear of vanishing kept men on their toes at night as they passed through the neighborhood, keeping in the light as they stumbled down South Street., I used all papers, stamps and fiber from Club Scrap's recent "Welcome" kit and used flower and button from my stash., 2 Anaheim chiles, seeded, diced, 3/4 c sour cream, Welcome to an all NEW Squiggle Saturday Challenge!, Radio Panik featured a track Yasuo Akai and I did together and Sadayatana featured a field recording nestled among ambient drones., My dad started asking me a couple months ago how my tulips were coming. I was expecting a full blown tulip festival but I told him the deer were eating a few. He looked at me a little strange but didn't say anything., Am I a soldier of the cross,, “I didn’t lie.”, I met and bumped into a lot of people that had to re-introduce themselves and re-bump into me the next day., I'd like to make some botanicals with the kids out of the plants in our yard for the two frames above., April 20, 2012: The UN sponsored ceasefire is not working. At best, it caused the army to reduce their attacks on civilians for a few days, but the level of violence has returned to pre-ceasefire levels and is increasing., years ago when my daughter put her foot through it...yea we won't even talk about, Before we were going to my in-laws to celebrate Christmas eve we exchange gifts with my kids first. So when my kids arrived and we started to exchange gifts I opened the gift my son bought for me. It was a crock pot (slow cooker). I then opened the gift my daughter bought for me and it was a crock pot (slow cooker). So I'm thinking ok this is awkward but I say thank you and proceed to open my next gift. This one was from my husband. I start taring the paper back and NO WAY..... a double crock pot (slow cooker). Now I'm rolling on the floor laughing along with the kids and my husband. "The Joke Was On Me" He had called the two of them and told them to get me a crock pot (slow cooker) as a joke. They got me pretty good. How funny????, I painted the lemon tree in with my Tombows and "Peeled Paint" Distress Ink,then placed it on popdots, to give some dimension from the back of the card. The paper is Basic Grey Sweet Pea "Double Cream" with some chocolate cardstock matting. I sponged some "Tea Dye" & "Frayed Burlap" Distress Ink, around the edges to give it an aged look. A Spellbinders Long Rectangle die was used to cut out the window. The finishing touch was some KaiserCraft "Latte Flourish" pearls., “The days are coming, declares the Lord,, It was moved to it’s little corner in Beverly Hills in the 1930’s, became a private residence, and has been restored to it’s former glory by it’s current owner…and it IS quite glorious!, Personal Rating: 4/5 (very good), - Vincent "Don D Junior" Gordon: trombone, “In the 1970's the resurgence in Calvinist theology was leading to a widespread impression among some evangelicals that Arminianism is at best subevangelical and at worst outright heresy (p 9). Throughout the 1980's ad 1990's the author discovered that his evangelical world was being affected by what one of his Reformed friends called “‘the revenge of the Calvinists”. Several evangelical authors and publications began to attack Arminian theology very caustically, and with misinformation and misrepresentation.Olson says,”I heard and read my own form of evangelicalism called “humanistic” and “more Catholic than Protestant” (p 8)., Each webinars highlight different ideas from 101 Ways to Market Your Language Program. Every week you get practical, low-cost ideas to help you promote your program. Best of all, you’ll get to connect with others on line who are also interested in the same topic, ask questions and interact., Thanks for stopping by Blue Sky Confections today!, Ahhh... and what if those clothes no longer fit? Do I really have time to rush out and shop for a new little black dress, with the chaos of consumer Christmas shopping in full swing?, Hang on. That's a different post too., a time has been set that no one knows, This brings me to possibly the biggest douche of the Ghost Hunting world. And that man is Zak Bagans: Ghost Puncher., Pearls and Chains, Now, keeping in mind that Year Zero 1964 gave us Number Ones from Vinton (twice! – that’s enough now), Dean Martin, and Lorne Greene (!), the hard facts emerge (and remember, we’ve only been looking at songs that hit the top of the charts; the following rockers enjoyed single success during the same time period- Barrett Strong, Charlie Rich, Miracles, Clarence “Frog Man” Henry, Rosie & The Originals, Freddie Cannon, Sam Cooke, Orlons, Isley Brothers, Booker T and The MG’s, Clyde McPhatter, and many more. Also, this was a time when independent labels and regional sounds reigned supreme- there was always something interesting cooking, and competing with the majors, in the Great Melting Pot): a) there’s always been crap in the Billboard charts, b) Rock Music was alive and well during the early 1960s, and c) we didn’t need the Beatles to save us after all., in dry pudding mix. Mix in the pumpkin and cheese mixture., This of course implies that the host populations of Europe are behaving in a "Fascist" manner - she could not actually say this openly but the implication is absolutely clear., I’ve revisited some of these thoughts recently, as I’ve tasted new experiences involving others and how they perceived certain circumstances. I noted in them the familiar presence of an inclination to hold perspectives based more on what they anticipated others to hold. Even with large amounts of clarifying detail present – there was a propensity to have to state and restate related details before they might embrace certain information that may lead them away from the ‘collective’ view. This is also, human nature. To literally edit out and ignore those things that we instinctively sense being in conflict with a personal perspective of any value., Haute Hippie., I am…a mushroom on whom the dew of heaven drops now and then., 35) Astrid y Gastón (Lima, Perú), But what initiated the crisis? A bank. The British Linen Company Bank, to be precise, to whom Pattison's owed L100,000., By Robert Browne, Row 3- (sc in 1sc, 2sc in next) around. (9), At one of the classes my teacher announced to everybody that I was going to be learning to teach burlesque, our deadline is next summer now for that., Miss Anything? Not puking. Being able to keep food down., The thought of that made me laugh. Then I remembered a song I used to hear on Christian radio, years ago. I just can’t remember who did it. If some knows, please tell me the title., Pitch black with huge notes of chocolate, roast, coffee, burnt malt and alcohol balanced by aggressive hop bitterness. Cask-conditioned firkin with oak cubes soaked in Tennessee whiskey. 10.4% ABV, With Spring on its way, there is extreme pressure to get on board with patterns. With this in mind at the weekend, I happily marched off to Liberty with a voucher and a burning desire to spend some cash. After serious cognitive intervention, I backed away from the Manolos and tried on a Peter Pilotto print dress. I emerged from the dressing room to a couple of swooning salespeople, flapping wildly about the intricacy of the pattern. ‘Look at this signature chain detail, woven into the silk – and that’s just the foundation of what is an amazing print!’, Try to pick a forum name that shows a little personality. "Dave123" says nothing about you. "SwampDave" or " BeagleGuy" says a lot more!, you may interrupt. In fact, dear, please do!, 7. The man snake looks fucking creepy and rad, even though he's sad because he's in the freak show., It's April. Teams for this year's World Championships won't be chosen until June. The World championships themselves won't be held until the end of August in Berlin Germany. But this year's Penn Relays was billed as a series of rematches between the US and Jamaica!, Thanksgiving Style Bread Salad, The hotel had four principal stories, not counting attics and the basement. The first floor consisted of two broad corridors, one running north and south, the other east and west. Men entered either off the alley to the west or from the south side, off Sixth, and that end of the hotel catered to their interests with a saloon, a billiard room, a barber shop with baths, a news stand, and a cigar shop that featured thousands of brands of cigars from all over the world. (The contents of this last amenity had sadly all turned to grey ash by the time notorious cigar connoisseur Bill Clinton came to visit.), As you know, the frequency of the planet and of humanity’s energy signature is rising in preparation for the approaching New Age. The higher the frequency of an entity’s energy signature the more spiritually evolved that entity can become. A low frequency tends to be dense, almost leaden, and it is very difficult for Knowledge or Love to flow through it. Consequently, it is very difficult for beings whose frequency is low to communicate, and they get lost within themselves, rather like the proverbial ostrich with its head in the sand., So, simply put, I love this salad., But, said Liew, the “designated places of assembly” under the Act have yet to be specified by the ministry and gazetted., when they’re inheritedly astutely aware, 3And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth: and unto them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power., some men have killed a white buffalo., Hebrews 12:2, Although a development corporation may be the obvious model for undertaking powers that does not mean that it directly should hold land. That is because there are great advantages in having additional stakeholders/directors. The resident involvement of the first proper Garden Cities was and is much higher than in the post war New Towns where the Treasury in effect owned the land and not local people. Similarly developers and landowners will naturally expect a reasonable cut. Although Garden Cities are about capturing unearned uplifts in land value for residents it makes sense to offer landowners a reduced but steady cut, not least to avoid years of dragged out land tribunal proceedings. Such a co-partnership type model was set out in the TCPA/Land Securities Reimaging Garden Cities for the 21st Century Report although it does not set out a specific legal/financial model. This post looks at what such a model might look like., It's 3am. The night sky listens in awe, This pain began last night. It took a breather during the day today, but it has come back full force this evening. Not a physical pain. Or I should say, not a physical pain that has physical origins. This is a physical pain, but I know it is rooted in a deep emotional pain., Q:<U+FFFD>Seriously! What can I do for these Crow's feet and all those wrinkles on my face?, Close look of the peony., 15. He already knew Taemin ‘SHINee’ before becoming a trainee in SMTown., Who answered to a service call., Kate Gajdosik ... Jane Binkow, The problem, she adds, is “that you can’t make writers write the things they don’t want to write. You can’t present them with a fait accompli and say ‘You have to write a drama with a woman at the centre.’”, It's Cask Ale Week. It's about good beer, cask beer, real ale, whatever (thanks Adrian). It's a week that is a celebration of one of our finest British foodstuffs, and so what I want you all to do is stop reading this blog, writing your blog, watching Glee on the iPlayer (whatever Glee and the iPlayer might be, I'm not quite sure), and go to the pub and drink some cask ale. And be thankful., “Jason?”, The bourbon boys should not switch between that and beers. Nor should anyone be permitted to ‘upsize’ outside of their shout. You can’t be buying pots for your mates and then decide “I might just have a quick Flaming Lamborghini, actually” when someone else is buying. The Shout works because you don’t even need to ask what the others want, just a quick nod and a point to indicate that you are ’up’. You may sit out of a particular round of The Shout without bringing social disrepute upon your family name – as long as you don’t sit out your shout. The other exception to The Shout guidelines is that it is perfectly reasonable and permissible to exclude any member who wants to drink Pimms, Pernod, Campari or Vodka Cruisers. Unless they are girls. They can drink poofy drinks, but not in The Shout., The only logical solution is Jesus. As Jesus is living and eternal, He is the only logical choice for long lasting hope, joy and peace. Jesus can’t die again, so He can’t be lost. Jesus understands what you and I face each and every day, so He can have compassion. Jesus never sleeps so He can be watchful when we cannot. Everything Jesus said is right and true so He can be trusted. Jesus loves us so much that He is willing to call us ‘friend’, so He can be reliable and non-judgmental. How many of us can say that? How many of our friends and family can be relied on like that?, One day I decided that it would be nice to have a bouquet that would just stay nice! I really like working with old book pages, and decided that a whole bunch of pinwheels in a vase might just be the thing., DAD: (Frustrated) "I've got a headache! This is as loud as it's going to be.", Alfred on the other hand, as far as I know, didn't have an exceptional war, and won no medals that I know of. His loss though, for his mother and family must have been equally catastrophic. I found myself wondering about how he and Ernest would have been, had they lived. I knew all their surviving siblings: Mabel(May) my grandmother, her sister Madge, and youngest brother Herbert. I recall them all with much affection, though May died when I was relatively young. It seems strange to think there were two other great uncles whom I might also have known. And that is the tragedy of World War 1 for so many families, no one in the country was unaffected by it. Owen's phrase "the pity of war" was an apposite one., Now there were staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven., I have a few more boxes to share today. I made four more boxes on Tuesday. I have more free time now since I don't have to go to work for a while. Yay! to that. Now you would think it was a lot of boxes for one day. When you duplicate the same item, it didn't take as much time at all. Plus I had all the embellishment already so each box didn't take much time at all. I forgot to take a picture of the purple box before I sold it. So here are 3 of them., 1 THE average Japanese woman can expect to live to 84; her counterpart in Botswana will die at 39., And Kennedy admits that folks in the White House are checking out the donor records:, So, I will leave you all to your chilblained fingers tapping on warm computer keys, and I will brave the elements. But don’t expect me to tell you what I learn. My winter is not your winter. We each have to describe the winter that only we can experience, otherwise there is no reason to describe it at all., People are her mirrors too, changing (but how much?) when she looks at them : a mother whose protective embrace will suffocate and destroy; a friend whose kindness and companionship is distorted by Nina's paranoia and instability. Nina doesn't have control, doesn't take charge until her fear and ambition reaches an operatic pitch only she can hear:, Jeff Goldblum (The Fly), "Hey, I didn't know you had taken my picture," I said., Goodbye old friend. We shall not see your like again., Here's what you'll have to do:, Galatians 4:5-7 (NLT), Know Your People, “Where are you going to be?”, Shortly, Jon Rosen's dumb cassette compilation of local bands came out. Info about this release, now of interest only to Giant Sand completists, can be found here. To give you an idea of what a raging egomaniac Jon was, he put a picture of himself on the cover, and the first sounds on the tape were of him talking (and taking a hit off a joint). Imagine our surprise when our song, Bulimia Rhapsody, was actually put into light rotation on his radio station, the godawful 96 Rock. I heard it being played in Zip's Records!, ---Mike, Leading that defensive play was Essence Carson, who also finished the night with 19 points from the field, had to make the start today due to a bone bruise in the right knee of Nicole Powell. The move proved to be a positive one for New York, as Essence brings an aggressive game on the defensive end of the court., Columbia University, Goals for this Week: Have fun!, Will: No, you need to learn this., We believe in transparency. When you come into our shop, you'll see our butchers breaking down a lamb carcass, or cutting apart a loin of beef. Nothing is hidden, because we have nothing to hide. We also believe butchery is an important (and dying) trade, so we offer butchery classes for beginners to professionals. Ever bought meat at the Meat Hook in Williamsburg? Tom Mylan, who runs that shop, trained and apprenticed with us. (Not only that, but he gets his meat from us. So if you've shopped there, you're already a Fleisher's customer.), Cliches are semi-heavy in Hyouka. We have a male lead character (Hotaro), who isn’t particularly interesting himself, but serves as someone through which we can view the more exciting characters – primarily, the upbeat female lead character (Eru). This setup is pretty common, and immediately, I can name Haruhi Suzumiya and OreImo as two animes that implement this trope. We also have the extrovert-introvert best friends, which is not impossible to occur outside the anime world, but considering that Satoshi is outgoing enough to make up for Hotaro ten times over, it’s an anime miracle he doesn’t ditch Hotaro for a larger ring of friends. Plus, there’s also the thing about characters meeting each other through a club., Okay there is some cheating to get it to glow in the dark. This video is bogus. It doesn’t work. I know I was sad to find this out after some on-line research. What do you do when you have an activity planned (and purchased) knowing it wont work what do you do?, KING WD, WOOLHANDLER SJ, BROWN AF, JIANG L, KEVORKIAN K, HIMMELSTEIN DU, BOR DH. Influenza Vaccination and Health Care Workers in the United States. J Gen Intern Med 2006; 21: 181-184., Everything I have comes from Him. I shouldn’t worry about finances. In fact, if I do, he’ll be angry or disappointed for the sin of not trusting him totally., The ruling ends several years of legal wrangling that began after the 2004 elections, when the PDC and PCN failed to earn the minimum number of votes needed to legally maintain their party status. The legislature intervened in 2005 to keep the two parties alive. But this past June, the Tribunal Supremo Electoral (TSE) revisited the issue and officially “canceled” the PDC and PCN., As Baghdad’s rush hour was beginning around 7:30 a.m., the bomber tried to ram the car through one of the few entrances to a compound that houses the ministry, the country’s police academy, several jails and a hospital, according to officials., Scenes from the Fair..., Nine explosive affidavits detail how SA's acting national police commissioner, Lieutenant-General Nhlan-hla Mkhwanazi, admitted to colleagues that he helped cover up the killing of an unarmed suspect - which he had witnessed., Lots of new cameras have been, or are being announced, and most of them are mirrorless and smaller. We can look forward to the new Canon PowerShot G1 X, the Nikon J1 & V1, and the Fujifilm X10, X100, & X-Pro1, the Sony NEX-7, the Panasonic DMC-GX1, and the rumored Olympus OM-D as well as others. (You can click here to read about them as they are announced.), “Aren’t you going to give me something for anxiety first?” I asked Miss. Daisy. My legs were probably going to be like jello and I hadn’t eaten since midnight., Margo Tamez, Release your flood-waters upon me., Every outcome we experience in life is the result of how we have responded to an earlier event (or events) in our lives., 1. please leave an message under this post, While Ichigo’s body is becoming covered in the Hollow “material” (?), he begins to have a vision of a strange man in a cape in a world of boxes. The man tries to tell him his name but Ichigo is unable to hear it. Suddenly, the world begins to dissolve around Ichigo and the man implores him to find the box with his shinigami powers (at which point Ichigo remembers Ishida’s story about how shinigami‘s soul ribbons are red). Ichigo finds the hilt of his zanpakuto (though not the blade). In a massive explosion, he destroys the giant implement Tessai was going to use to kill him and emerges out of the pit in his shinigami robe. He also has a Hollow mask on but with one quick bash of his sword’s hilt, Ichigo is back to his normal bad-ass self. He passes his second test and now must do his third and final one which is to knock the hat off of Uruhara’s head who draws his own zanpakuto (which means he’s hiding something about himself). Uruhara nearly kills Ichigo when Ichigo sees his zanpakuto‘s spirit again and finally learns the swords name, zangetsu. It becomes a massive sword whose type I can’t really name and Ichigo easily (in one swing) knocks off Uruhara’s hat (and would have killed Uruhara if he hadn’t put up a shield). Seven days later (after Chad, Orihime, and Ichigo all say goodbye to their families), they return to Uruhara’s shop one last time (along with Uryu) to finally enter Soul Society. Uruhara has created a massive portal but he gives them a dire warning. They only have four minutes to make it through. Any more and they’ll be stuck between the world’s forever and thus they head out with Yoruichi as their guide., I had cause to call on Denise’s detective skills when I was trying to track down the estate of an author whose permission I needed for a project I was working on. She was super quick at getting a result, but more than that her integrity shone through as she made sure to look after not only my interests as her client, but also the interests of the other party who she had no monetary involvement with. I know she was very hot on the ethical aspects of her job, and she was, I believe, something of a leader in terms of getting her industry to behave in a decent and law abiding manner., It felt like we were just getting settled when my youngest fell and broke her jaw and our world was rocked again. By the grace of God, she avoided having her jaw wired shut but we still endured six weeks of a blended diet with a three year old (not to mention the corneal abrasion she suffered post-operatively)., The final clue to these behind closed door manoeuvrings is the indecent haste and effort with which the senior members of the EU commission have tried to get involved in it all. We've had Barrosso sticking his oar in for weeks and being ignored as the Power shifts towards Merkel and Sarkozy. Now Baroness Ashton has ramped up the noise and sense of self-imposed importance by commenting publicly on the UK's diplomatic spat with Iran, urging other EU countries to get involved. The "don't forget we're still here" undertones of her timing can not be ignored., School, work, the kids, our mortgages and Kroger can crowd it’s cry out, temporarily blocking the ache its voice can revive. They tell us to give up on our childish dreams, abandon our hope for the very thing that makes us unique. It logically intones how irresponsible it would be for us to consider taking such risks with our families and our homes relying on us. (which they are) So we push its pulsing beat further down and away from our mind and focus on the task’s at hand. Fearful to pick it up again… wondering if that deep desire is God or something else…, Abby shook her head. "This makes no sense, Dad." She played with her napkin, watching him like a hawk. Sam could tell that even though her sister was doubtful, she wanted to believe this fantastic story as much as Sam did., You are a talk-o-potomus if I've ever heard one. You parrot practically anything you overhear, and I'm consistently surprised by the extent to which you remember most of what you've parroted., By Chapter, 7. A church family is important – Visits to the hospital, picking up our older daughters at school, meals when we just get back from the hospital, and prayers have marked how our church has supported, assisted, and encouraged us. I couldn’t imagine going through all of this without the support of friends, family, and church., Naturally after my proficiency was well established I told Sandy one afternoon after school. I told her about ejaculation and the incredibly good feeling that accompanied it. She was fascinated. Actually she was more than fascinated, she was consumed by the thought of it. During my explanation of what it felt and looked like she interrupted numerous times about the details of the event and the sensation. She became transfixed with the thought of my erect cock spewing cum; she had to see it., When Pitcher and the scout were within a few feet of the shack, an elderly man emerged from the front door and stood on the porch. His hair was curly and mostly gray with a few sprinkles of black. He wore a light-colored, long-sleeve cotton work shirt and gray striped overalls. The U.N. scout sized up the man and guessed his age at near 80. He appeared to be in excellent condition for an octogenarian, however. The scout continued to be amazed at the health of this group of people living in the swamp without support from their government., Salvation is plural, not singular. It includes the family. Rahab and her family were saved. Zacchaeus was told that Salvation had come to his house. When the disciples were questioned, What must I do to be saved? Though the question was singular, the answer came in plural as the disciples replied, “Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and you will be saved and your household”, I'm sure there are more things I could add to this post. I feel like like these things specifically are usually not on checklists so I would blog about them. I hope if any other mommies read this they might be able to add in their own "must haves" for post pregnancy!, 8:12, use where ever he goes, and an expense account that is rumored to be well, who loves and trusts her;, Wullie was suddenly filled with despair and horror. Big Jim's eyes seemed to bore into his soul. Chick Young's voice seemed now to crush the very life from Wullie's body. He balled his fists and began to pound upon the window., Redemptive blog traducement are important to earning income with a micro-niche journal. Regrettably, I didn’t harmonize the importance of keyword explore when I premier started blogging and ended up purchase a handful of journal domains that were in vivid markets with really lofty levels of rivalry. What this effectuation is that it would be real adamantine for me to position on the premiere attendant of Google because there are already so some separate high-quality sites that are competing for the rank page r, In Shakespeare's time, mattresses were secured on bed frames by ropes., 52. Empty Glass -- Pete Townshend, The Homer case could revolutionise job adverts by outlawing the terms “graduate” or “degree-qualified”, in much the same way that “enthusiastic” and “energetic” are words that are rarely used by employers for fear of being accused of looking for only younger staff., The Spirit of the God who dwells in the hearts of believers, and the third person of the Trinity, is our promised helper (John 14:17), and the “down payment” of the life to come (Ephesians 1:14). The Spirit is not a “force,” but a person. Morrow is correct when he says, “There is no spiritual formation if there is no activity of the Holy Spirit,” (p. 223)., So, knowing that the homeowners are in over their head, the agent writes the listing up as a 'sweat equity property' (are you scratching your head yet?) and offers it with a renovation loan. If they can get a buyer to offer $380,000, and then finance with a renovation loan of $425,000 (the difference being used to fix the roof and furnace), then the sellers get to walk away scott-free from their HELOC and the banks (having never seen the home) assume that the price is right and look past the above mentioned appraisal/mortgage discrepancy., This breathless, insatiable lust for life pervades the album. In 'There's More to Life Than This', Björk gasps like she's choking on her own rising bliss, while the sultry 'Big Time Sensuality' has her vaulting from chesty growls to hyperventilating harmonics so piercing she sounds as if she's inhaled helium. But Björk is actually most effective when her vocal histrionics arc relatively restrained. The album's stand-out track, 'One Day', has a wonderful sense of tremulous, mounting anticipation that's just barely contained. Singing lines like "One day, you will blossom," Björk glides through a shimmering, brimming soundscape of undulating beats and twinkling keyboards., When bankers won’t do, creative minds come up with even more exotic malefactors. Author and lecturer David Icke, a former British soccer player and Green Party spokesman, teaches that “the world is run by a secret cabal of giant shape-shifting extraterrestrial lizards known as the Babylon Brotherhood.” This group, he says, includes both President Bushes and troubadours Kris Kristofferson and Boxcar Willie. There is apparently a good market for this viewpoint: Mr. Icke has written 18 books, and his website reportedly gets 600,000 hits per week., That’s about as close as I get to a beer ‘review’ and it’s always hard enough to hide your own biases let alone explain to someone how the beer feels and such. I still reckon that the best beer is the one in your hand and is second only to one that a mate bought for you so why not treat yourself, support the guys who are having a crack at brewing decent beers and, while you’re at it, support the retailers who are giving the good stuff some real shelf space and talk to the blokes in the shop about what you like and be led by their recommendations., S. = Saturday, There is rarely mercy or forgiveness for the ‘tout’. And this is what the source meant about people being amazed — that there are those who risk their lives for relatively little reward., And really, what better way is there to celebrate menstrual laws than with red velvet? (Because I assure you that one does not survive a year of niddah without a sense of humor.) So I went looking for a recipe and I found this one. Sometimes it nice to just doctor a mix, and this recipe did not disappoint. They actually reminded me more of cupcake tops than cookies in their texture, but either way, they were delicious and devoured by many a hungry Jewish seminarian. Purity and cookies for all!, Hi guys! So. Confession- I have some books that I read, and I let too much time pass before writing anything down. Now, they are super fuzy. So this post is going to cover 2 books. VERY QUICKLY. like- super tiny mini reviews. Like George Straight's Check Yes or No style! Ok? Good. :), What could we do for someone else, as a family, that, The drug is claimed to be more effective than any other drug currently available. The recommended dosage is one pill a day for three days, which is less than other for other drugs. Ranbaxy has also ensured that the price remains low at Rs. 130 for the three-day treatment. It is interesting to note that this is much cheaper than Cipla’s Mefliam Plus, which is priced at Rs. 300. Ranbaxy gets more points also because Mefliam Plus is a combination of artesunate and mefloquine, both of which are known molecules that have been used in different fixed-dose combinations previously., Being that I'm still on a Valentine's Day binge (any excuse to be able to use a heart as I just loooove hearts) I made yet another one. This time time I succumbed to using the Verve "U" die. I figured a four card break was long enough LOL!, Wilson was born in Austin, Texas in 1912. He studied piano and violin at Tuskegee Institute. After working in the Lawrence “Speed” Webb band, with Louis Armstrong and also “understudying” Earl Hines in Hines’s Grand Terrace Cafe Orchestra, Wilson joined Benny Carter‘s Chocolate Dandies in 1933. In 1935 he joined the Benny Goodman Trio (which consisted of Goodman, Wilson and drummer Gene Krupa, later expanded to the Benny Goodman Quartet with the addition of Lionel Hampton). The trio performed during the big band’s intermissions. By joining the trio, Wilson became the first black musician to perform in public with a previously all-white jazz group., The Daughters by Joanna Philbin, So it was we set off, Wee Fatha at the wheel, Chala in the front, me discarded in the back like a pile of coats or other underutilised ephemera, heading out through the Peak District to the magical land of the Cheshire Plain and to our first stop at Lindow Common for lunch. It had seemed recklessly optimistic to head out through the peak District on a Bank holiday weekend but despite the sunny weather it was quiet. Perhaps everyone knew something we didn't? Perhaps it would be suddenly cold and wet at dinner?, 5th Generation's argument heavily relied on information incorporated by reference in the specification of the disputed patent (the '024 patent), where the two patents (the "Stolfo patents") incorporated by reference allegedly supported the proposed construction. The Fed. Cir. generally agreed that incorporation by reference could serve this purpose:, "Downtown Brooklyn has significant real estate options that would be possible for NYU to work with," Hultin told the Washington Square News. "So you could see a bigger presence for NYU in downtown Brooklyn, whether with our air rights or available real estate.”, A few feet short of the door, Rel stopped, turned to his right, and began to circle it. This wasn’t the only Sherim to be marked by a door - the clash between first- and second-realm logic threw up some strange patterns - but at none of them did one open the door to pass through. Some doors simply didn’t open; some, like this one, would, but all anyone would tell Rel was that there were dire consequences for doing so., Also, a huge thank you to Katie Garner, the brilliant creator of Secret Stories, for making this giveaway possible! :), It was a long passionate kiss. I closed my eyes and let him take control., Ms. Reding said that the consultations, beginning Monday and ending on May 28, would determine the proportion of women that should be on boards under any E.U.-wide legislation; whether quotas should apply to state-owned companies as well as publicly listed ones; whether both executive and nonexecutive boards should be covered by the rules; and what sanctions should apply to companies that do not meet the objectives, and if there are circumstances where exceptions are necessary., 7.) Next is another review this time for Crescendo by Becca Fitzpatrick. Funnily enough when speaking to Vicki one thing that we found is that Angel books seem to be VERY popular as they featured in both of our top posts. This one has never been linked to anywhere and I didn’t receive this one for review or get it early. I think it’s just a popular series and hopefully people like the review!, Exhausted. All the other things that I am feeling from dealing with everything that is going on is draining me, both physically and mentally. There are times where I know I need to study or work on homework or go to an event, but I would much rather just curl up in my bed and sleep. Sleeping seems to make everything disappear at least for a little while. And to be able to just give my brain that time to relax helps a lot., From next month my sales, competitions and giveaways will all be bimonthly. The first bimonthly giveaway and competition will be posted at the start of June, and the sale will be late July., As I've laid out before on this blog, beer is made by adding hot water to ground malted barley (a process called mashing) and then, after the resulting activated enzymes have done their work to convert the starches in the grain into sugar, the sugar is washed away and fermented. That washing process is called sparging. Broadly speaking there are two main sparging techniques--batch sparging and fly sparging. In batch sparging you drain off that initial infusion of hot water from the malt, then add another slug of hot water, stir to dissolve more sugar, and run off again. In fly sparging the brewer sprinkles hot water onto the malt at a steady rate and collects the sugary run-off.
