In Washington, State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said: “We were advised, as Congressman Rohrabacher made clear, that the sovereign government didn't think this visit was timely. So it's in that context that he made his decision after our request.”, Walter Kwok declined to comment Friday, but he did say through his spokeswoman on Wednesday that he wasn't involved in Sun Hung Kai's recruitment of Mr. Hui, Hong Kong's chief secretary from 2005 to 2007, and didn't know what Mr. Hui did at the group. Mr. Hui, one of those arrested in the case, served as a consultant and a director for one of Sun Hung Kai's listed units before 2005., "It just blows my mind," said Crabb, who entered the awards with eight nominations. "It hasn't sunk in just yet. I'm proud to be in the family of God, and proud to be his kid. I can't believe it. I want to challenge other people and other kids this: Go after your dreams, pursue them. God is behind you.", New York hasn't had a widespread cheating scandal like those that arose in other districts, such as Atlanta and Washington, D.C. However, as teachers face dismissal or a poor rating over disappointing student test results, there is concern that the incentive to rig results will increase., Democrats said they have won on their record., Now that the inaugural program at the Fed is over, some of the teens are trying to recruit next year’s board and hoping to land paid summer jobs at the Fed., The Pennsylvania Department of Health has extended the grace period by two weeks for students to comply with school immunization requirements. The new rules went into effect in August. If students don't have the required immunizations, they may not be able to attend school, the department said., Rosenbloom gives his patients a thorough physical before beginning testosterone therapy. "Your testosterone, estrogen, progesterone, thyroid, cortisol, insulin and vitamin levels are all tested because they're interrelated," he said. "We ask about your lifestyle, diet and exercise. Follow-up is equally intense, with repeat blood tests and office visits every six to eight weeks.", In the final minutes, Zagrans suggested discarding the charter., But as family and friends hung balloons and flowers Tuesday at the site where the accident occurred, their anger was not directed at the driver but at police. They contend that the officer, who had been in pursuit of the driver for about five blocks, should not have continued the chase., Johnson could challenge him., Jeff Booth, former World Tour surfer and a friend of Irons, remembered seeing Irons' surfing when he was 15., "Shoes are objects of pleasure," Louboutin said — though his high heels are famously uncomfortable to wear., Olmsted Falls, Rodriguez started the eighth and retired pinch-hitter Jesus Guzman before allowing Venable's single and Kotsay's first homer of the season., “That’s where the bottleneck comes from,” Gaeta said., They are starting to electrify in a big way now. If you talk to UPS or FedEx or any of the big fleet operators, what they’ll tell you is that they’re embracing alternative fuels. They have numbers that mash it right down: Here’s why electricity matters. And then we’re talking about how to set up our infrastructure in a way that works with our local municipal authorities. There are a lot of groups who have realized this really is the future and it’s not a question of whether or not we’re going to get there, it’s a question of how fast., "When I was a kid, we harvested 5 acres a day," Mathews said. "Now, we can do 6 or 7 acres an hour. (The machinery) is a big capital investment for something you only use 30 to 40 days a year, but rice requires it.", Say, for example, that somebody makes a gesture during Taboo. That is explicitly prohibited in the rules. So, naturally, you'll want to stab this person with one of June Naylor's vegetable skewers., A REAL CELEBRATION — Newton D. Baker School of Arts in West Park celebrated Kermit the Frog’s 57th birthday (can you believe it?) with a silent art auction, variety program and collection of non-perishable food to benefit the Bountiful Basement, a West Park food bank., Finally, Heinz, the king of ketchups ($2.49 for 20 ounces, Andronico's), in fifth place, had a "nice thick texture" but several tasters thought the flavor was "out of balance" or "bland -- needs more acid.", Maes, an Evergreen businessman and Tea Party favorite, defeated former U.S. Rep. Scott McInnis for the GOP nomination., Band came on stage starting with Nils and Roy. Bruce and Clarence entered from Clarence's side of the stage. Bruce walked Clarence over to his spot and Clarence gave Bruce a little kiss., "New Brunswick, New Jersey," Spicuzzo softly said., Experts say the meteor, dating to the formation of the solar system 4 to 5 billion years ago, probably was the size of a minivan when it tore into the atmosphere at between 22,000 mph and 44,000 mph and vaporized with a loud boom early Sunday. It was seen from Sacramento to Las Vegas and parts of northern Nevada., For San Diego's Dick Enberg, one of the more productive and insightful figures in sports broadcasting, it's been a long road, but not a winding one. Since his youth in Armada, Mich. (pop. 800), he's focused on sports. He played for a short time and he's been broadcasting it for a long time. Raised in a farmhouse without plumbing, educated in a one-room school house, Enberg hitchhiked to his first day of college at Central Michigan. It didn't take him long to get to the head of the class., Mayor Menashe Miller said the renaming would be honorary., Despite these different perspectives, Obama presented Israel with a strong case for patience. Sanctions, he said, are "slowing the Iranian nuclear program and virtually grinding the Iranian economy to a halt." They also may have drawn Iran back to the negotiating table; on Tuesday it was announced that negotiations would be resumed between Tehran and the U.S., France, Britain, China, Russia and Germany. It is far too early to give up on diplomacy — or, as Obama said at his news conference, "this notion that somehow we have a choice to make in the next week or two weeks, or month or two months, is not borne out by the facts.", Ahmed Mohamed, who is the son of Mutt's co-owner, told The Record newspaper Adam's changed the name because co-owner Ed Madsen had held a trademark on it since 2006 and wanted to use it., Though I had no clue how to do it., Suddenly I couldn't imagine anything more wonderful than being able to leave the house every day. I had become so accustomed to living this way that I had forgotten there was nothing normal about being a 26-year-old shut-in., Rating: TWO STARS NV Lanson Black Label Brut Champagne ($35) Aromas of baked bread, ripe pear and caramel apple lead to a full-bore palate of warm strawberry, lemon zest, toasted almond and touch of bread dough. There is a bit of white mineral grip and white pepper on the finish of this fairly subtle, nuanced wine that is 50 percent Pinot Noir, 35 percent Chardonnay with the remaining 15 percent Pinot Meunier., After your tattoo is finished, you'll be given a sheet of directions for aftercare as well as oral instructions from your artist. Be sure to follow the advice to avoid any problems with the healing of your tattoo., I'll be doing deep-soak tests with it shortly. Pricing is set at $499 for the 32 gig model and $599 for 64 gigabytes; the dock will run you another $149., "I think it is really good for the state of Colorado, and I think the areas that he identified are areas that the counties have been working on in terms of practice models and differential response," Cassata said., Longtime GOP conservative leaders, meanwhile, are doing their own thing. They updated a statement this week defining the movement's principles, saying: "We need a restatement of constitutional conservatism grounded in the priceless principle of ordered liberty articulated in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution.", Skinner was the first to shape the state's judicial system, served briefly as associate justice of the Oregon Supreme Court and fulfilled a variety of public roles even though privately he yearned to be nothing more than a farmer., Tinklenberg helped the Lions and himself to an 11-4 victory over James Lick last week. He belted three hits, including a double, and drove in a run to lead the offensive attack, and he also earned his fourth win of the year on the mound., CEO Mike Duke told the media last month that Walmart is seeing more pronounced drops in buying in the few days before the end of the month when money is tight and then a big spike in spending during the first few days of the month when many shoppers get paychecks or government assistance., Inside tips: There's a record player here, and customers can bring in their own vinyl to play. The restaurant also has a good selection of records., Zumwalt West's Paige Westbrook was named to the second team along with Kayla Hall (Lafayette), Maddie Simonds (Nerinx Hall), Taylor Campbell (Marquette), Hannah Schneider (Marquette) and Katie James (Francis Howell)., “I do all of it,” Jeanette said. “The food line, everything.”, At the time, PDC officials faced growing pressure to find money for cost overruns on the tram project. With the real estate market on an unprecedented upswing, though, PDC had money. So, the city in 2006 revised its 2003 contract. The city, developers and OHSU all committed to boosting their share of public works projects. The tram was funded and built. The park and streetcar were funded and built, even though both projects -- priorities for developers -- had been scheduled to come after the first low-income apartments., "Is immigration something where people like Roberts or Alito or Scalia or Thomas might take a position that we generally think of as liberal because immigration is different?" he asked. "This issue really is not liberal versus conservative. This issue is federal authority versus state authority.", The referendum already faced an uphill climb to unite urban, suburban and exurban counties that have never voted as one group, and large numbers of voters with opposing views on mass transit and highways., DIRECT APPEALS, After the wedding, Beckham said he will fly to Dallas Saturday, where the Galaxy will play against FC Dallas. Beckham said it will ultimately be up to Los Angeles coach Bruce Arena to determine if he will play and for how long against Dallas. Beckham added that he'll be in Dallas, regardless of whether he plays or not., Hairston echoed those comments at the May 3 ceremony. He said her students "make art that makes the world a more beautiful place and they also take action to make the world a better place.", Among the 230,000 people who died as a result of the Jan. 12 earthquake was Jean's friend, rapper and Yele Haiti volunteer Jimmy O, who was crushed in his car. Hours after hearing about Jimmy O's death, Jean learned that another friend, named Fun Fun, was shot and killed in a carjacking; the offenders, according to Jean, were after his gasoline, not the car., So a-glamping we will go! Tonight’s trip is organized by Alexis who is still recovering from her nose job. Her doctor recommended she stay home, and Alexis took that to mean ‘be sure to bring your hair and makeup girl’. Surprisingly enough, Vicki and Heather agree to go on the trip without Tamra. Bowling is one thing, but an overnight stay is an entirely different animal. No one would recommend that you go into the woods with women who are not your friends. Vicki takes that to mean "be sure to bring your daughter who is recovering from thyroid surgery.", They've taken to the digital streets with their anger, posting on Kashi's own Facebook page, as well as the pages of several organic cereal makers and organic stores. News media have begun picking up the story., ". . . We're back on course. Illinois is moving forward.", "Chris was my best friend and soulmate. We did everything together. In the last 4 years, we both lived our life to the fullest," Walsifer said in a statement., Cleveland-raised singer songwriter Bobby Womack was ebullient about the evening., Strong community support and Kulongoski's willingness to "champion" the purchase also were factors, Smith said., Underdog, 5801 Detroit Ave., Cleveland; 216-651-9474. To those who decry that the Happy Dog is a victim of its own success, allow me to show you Underdog. Located in the basement of the Happy Dog, the bar gives patrons a quiet rec-room-like bar that makes for a causal getaway. It has pinball machines, air hockey, a TV and a quiet bar. Oh, and you can still order hot dogs., Universities are in the process of granting more freedoms to athletes, like the proposed annual stipend, not restricting them., (13) Thompson Valley (13-9) vs. (4) D'Evelyn (18-3), On any night of the week, this small Oakland restaurant is usually packed. Sometimes the wait for a seat at the snug bar is more than an hour, and without a table reservation - forget about it., Amber Nicklas was reported missing more than six years ago in California. The little blond girl, who turns 8 next month, had lived with strangers since her 2003 disappearance from foster care, about one year after she was born., I sputtered my objections, citing again my list of symptoms, i.e. those chronic, daily episodes of falling deeply and suddenly asleep., I keep telling myself that someday I will take the time to have tea in the Rose Garden Tea Room. But that will have to wait for another day., Cleo's Brussels sprouts, <U+0093>Judge Kenny did the right thing and made the right choice,<U+0094> Fishman said. <U+0093>And from what I<U+0092>ve read, it<U+0092>s obvious he needs one and it may be a little late.<U+0094>, Bargains: The tables by the fireplace offer extra romance at no extra charge. Ask when booking., "Bob Cassilly will not be forgotten as long as somewhere just off the Washington Avenue streetscape he helped make possible there is a worried parent looking for a delighted child climbing along the ceiling through a sculpture fashioned from pieces of our city's heart," Slay said., “They all suffer from some kind of condition ranging from minor skin conditions to major infections that will require long-term medical care,” Lytle said., Since its inception, the program has cost taxpayers almost $1.76 million. Campaign winners include former City Commissioner Erik Sten and City Commissioner Amanda Fritz., She recalled Charlie Finley's orange baseballs, mule on the field, the white-dyed kangaroo leather Finley put on players' feet. During a 1971 game, women paraded on the field in hot pants, and later a young MC Hammer phoned blow-by-blow accounts of games to his boss., Johnson. That move on the TD to shake Webster was incredible. As Simms said, you can’t say a thing to Webster to criticize him., Reaching a deal that can pass both legislative chambers and get the governor's signature could still prove challenging., Organizers of the Epicurean Classic say the main issue was finding a venue for the event., Renck's take: At 27, Kemp is entering his prime. The Dodgers signed him to an eight-year, $160 million deal in November, which looks like a Blue Light Special when compared with the money Cincinnati gave to Joey Votto. Everything is falling into place for the Dodgers. Their new ownership group is ready to unlock the vault for free agents, with Kemp and pitcher Clayton Kershaw as selling points. Kemp has taken the road less traveled by stars. When they are humbled, embarrassed or unhappy, many look for the nearest exit. Kemp reinvented himself as a good teammate. His accountability and work ethic now attract other players to train with him over the winter, including Dexter Fowler. You can't win an MVP award in April playing the Padres and Pirates, but you can put the rest of the league on notice. The question now is how long before teams give him the Barry Bonds treatment and let somebody else in this flawed lineup beat them?, "University of Phoenix is committed to providing our students with the technology and resources they need to succeed," Danica Ross, director of public relations, said. "We continually change and enhance our facilities as our students' needs evolve.", The agent smelled the strong odor of marijuana through the mutual doors between the hotel rooms, leading to a search by the Marin County Major Crimes Task Force. Detectives found three pounds of marijuana processed and ready to be shipped to the East Coast, the task force reported., A cold-weather treat is going for a soak in one of the steaming, sulfur-scented outdoor public pools called "hot pots.", Wagering on in-state and out-of-state races would be permitted., LOS ANGELES -- A Superior Court judge dismissed the criminal case against a Hollywood casting director accused of concealing his sex-offender status with an alias Wednesday, saying the man had consistently provided his real name, driver's license and passport to the movie studios that employed him., Sen. Tim Grendell, a Chesterland Republican, briefly tangled with Taft after his testimony, also saying that the former governor's concerns are addressed in the bill., "It doesn't surprise me . . . that this would be the next step," said Karen Blumenfeld, GASP executive director., Mather: "He said that in the interviews last week.", "There is a long list of pathogens that people can get from raw milk," he said., His company has won many county contracts for the county Juvenile Court, the county Recorder's Office and the county Prosecutor's Office. Earlier this month, commissioners approved a $1,900 payment to Broma for work in the county's Department of Development., In a bowl, combine the chile powder, fish sauce, sugar, garlic and ginger. Stir until smooth. Stir in the scallions., Is that really true? We don't care. Like George Washington and the cherry tree, it's too good a tale not to retell., At 5 feet 9, 160 pounds and a size 12 wrestling shoe, Aleksandr is rapidly approaching the imposing dimensions of his father, who was 6 feet 2 and 220 pounds, wrestled in the heavyweight class at Ohio State and was an alternate on the U.S. Olympic team in 1996., Cooper estimated that over three years the $2.79 million grant would enable it to train 14 health-care workers and reach an additional 1,200 patients., Vicksburg — Tapestry: The Pilgrimage to Vicksburg, April 1-30, features a show of Civil War medical practices, the role of African-Americans in the War Between the States and a ghost tour. www .vicksburgbedandbreakfast.com., Turns out trainer Mike Harrington, a former veterinarian, was simply following the same pattern he has employed since opening his stable in 1993. Harrington's horses walk for two days following a workout., 1 fresh pineapple, Sound familiar? Yet the Seahawks (5-7) have won three of their last four games and cling to slight hope of a playoff berth as they prepare to face the Rams (2-10) on Monday., The job is expected to be completed in 2014., On a national level, the group found that the interest rate women paid on credit cards was about a half-percentage point higher than what men paid., It fell into disuse with the demise of its care-taking group. New buildings, including the Gateway School and an expansion at Carroll Community College, also altered the trail., The victim waited outside as officers went up to the house to contact the woman. When she answered the door, she was naked and holding a beer, according to records. She told officers she had been skinny dipping., DRUG POSSESSION: Police arrested a man for possession of a controlled substance at 10:06 p.m. April 18 in the 7500 block of Michigan Avenue., 2003: Curious' "The Mineola Twins", Many of these people haven't lost their jobs and aren't behind on their mortgage payments, so they don't qualify for a loan modification that could shave off big chunks from their monthly housing payments., 10. Take care of yourself, It would be premature to believe that Oetken's easy confirmation heralds some new post-sexual era in American politics; the fight over gay marriage continues undiminished. But it was a signal moment nonetheless. The nominee's sexual orientation was deemed unimportant -- or at least less important than his moderate politics and his pro-business record (he's a corporate lawyer, with Cablevision)., As Rutgers tries to steer its attention back to football, two former players who were there the last time the program lost a player to a catastrophic injury said staying focused on the upcoming game with Pittsburgh is the key now., He is referring to an environmental and conservation movement begun in 2006 by members of Unitarian congregations scattered across the nation. Originally called the "ministry for the earth," the program is now so large that the Unitarian Universalist Association, headquartered in Boston, manages it., The five assaults, from June 2006 through early 2007, occurred within a 2-mile radius of Batiz-Aceves' home near Arizona Avenue and Ray Road. The victims ranged in age from 12 to 15. At least two moved immediately after the attacks., Unfortunately, recovery of auto sales could take longer. Most European countries, facing gaping budget deficits, are cutting government spending and raising taxes. Such austerity has boosted unemployment to as high as 24% in Spain and 9.8% in Italy. Although they are meant to bring more discipline, these moves have dampened consumer spending., Street of (unsold) Dreams: Homebuilders' annual show of opulence, the Street of Dreams, still went off in 2009. But they ditched the suburban mansions in favor of already built -- and unsold -- downtown condos., "We would not be here if this wasn't about Occupy," said Joe Rogoway, an attorney representing Randolph Wilkins, 24, against a charge of second-degree robbery with a hate crime enhancement., They won’t be monochromatic beds though. Some of my mixed ‘Cut and Come Again’ zinnias from last summer reseeded themselves, so one bed will have mostly magenta with a few who-knows-what colors., Both team's fast and swarming defenses controlled the first quarter. The Bombers put up the only points in the quarter on their third possession of the game., To make budget, the board cut nearly $1.08 million in personnel expenses. That included:, The academy is one of the world's most exclusive clubs, and the only way to get in is to convince the current members to give you a card. Winning an Oscar is no instant ticket to membership. Yet some people who have never been considered Academy Award contenders are granted entry., “My problem is, we move quicker than our pilot and we find it does not add any academic value,” he said., "Increasingly, and unfortunately in my view, students have been required to shoulder a greater share of the burden of funding higher education than they have since the advent of public education," Pridemore said. "Empowering them to investigate and explore ways of holding down those costs is necessary and appropriate. It is their money.", Meanwhile, Gingrich’s campaign continues, at least in terms of its official statements, to appear as though it’s taking the high road. On Tuesday, his campaign released a letter written by the former House speaker to supporters, insisting that he will run a positive campaign and asking them to do the same., “It’s got some classical elements to it. It’s not your typical Broadway-style music. It’s set in the turn-of-the-century, Victorian era and it’s got that sort of sound to it. It’s not operatic, but it moves in a kind of classical way,” he said., Analysts predict that the unemployment rate was 9.2 percent in July, unchanged from the month before., Often, it was the strapless white gown that enhanced the light-as-a-cloud look (while I'm usually not a fan of the strapless, I liked the lower cut seen on the red carpet)., Marc A. Smith, a sociologist who studies online communities and founded the Silicon Valley-based Social Media Research Foundation, said "we are in the Model T Ford era of information systems" and analyzing their content., The mall recently announced the addition of three new stores -- Cotton On, an Australian casual fashion brand, Crazy 8, a children's clothing boutique, and a Men's Wearhouse. Crazy 8 is going to take over part of the Gap store space while the Old Navy spot is vacant., Modesto said he recently was assigned 13 new cases in just seven days., Someday, that kid is going to make a great trial lawyer., To prepare the tzatziki: Mix diced cucumber with salt, place in a colander set over a bowl; cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for one hour. Rinse off the salt, drain well and dry cucumber on several thicknesses of paper towels. In a bowl, combine cucumber with yogurt, sour cream, sugar, garlic and dill. Cover and chill at least 30 minutes and up to four hours., A bill to allow civil unions for gay couples in Colorado must survive two more votes in the Republican-led House before it gets to the governor's desk, but it appears closer than in any other year to becoming law., Hotel Nipton, 107355 Nipton Road, Nipton; (760) 856-2335, http://www.nipton.com. A hands-down classic. It's as if the fickle motel gods gathered up all the charm and character that was never put into the chain establishments on I-15 and gifted it all to Nipton. Guests can choose rooms in the hotel (with shared bathrooms and a wood-stove-warmed common area) for $79, including tax and continental breakfast, or eco-tents that stand in the open desert (eco-tents are only intermittently available). There's also a restaurant, with a similarly erratic schedule, so call to make sure there'll be a meal for you., The primary comes at a pivotal moment for Romney, who has a significant lead in delegates but has nonetheless struggled to break away from former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and convince skeptical conservatives that he is the best candidate to take on President Barack Obama in November., P had asked the hairdresser friend if she ever saw me, and that she would like to see me sometime. P told her that I had been her "best friend" all through school and she really wanted to touch base., The last time they met in the league, in October, City won 6-1. Ferguson called it his worst defeat in a half-century of football., Dinner is also a bit more expensive, with entrees nosing toward and sometimes past $20., And then there was this one: "Eight ways that sex makes you beautiful," about the positive health implications of sex., It seems Arizona always has some formidable frontcourt types to go with their perimeter game. There was Derrick Williams, who combined athleticism with great efficiency. There was the great length of Jordan Hill, Loren Woods, back to Sean Rooks and so on., This is the final meeting before tomorrow’s procedure. With Gratereaux and his wife is John Gonzalez, one of the 34 full-time and seven part-time interpreters who work for the Clinic. They speak Arabic, Chinese, Croatian, French, Greek, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish and Turkish. At least one has a medical degree; Gonzalez studied architecture., The vibe: Think "Cheers" when you hear this restaurant's name. Why? Well, it is the type of place where they know everyone by name. The restaurant is filled with warm and inviting colors, mahogany wood and plenty of windows to let in the sunlight, giving you a very San Francisco-like feel. A couple of faux plants are placed around the restaurant, and tables and chairs as well as booths line the perimeter. The bar takes up the middle of the restaurant with a wall of liquor and plenty of seating., correct that situation so that the State Capitol Foundation and other nonprofits would have the opportunity to use lawfully procured bottles of distilled spirits.", Which brings us to this: You can't upset anybody if you don't get invited., "They praise Allah. I say, 'Damn you!'" said the silver-haired retiree from Easton, Conn., You don't have to tell the Texans how important Myers is to what they do., The Mays say they have been struck by how enthusiastic, smart and politically diverse the students in the class are., was a washout when bad weather struck on July 3. The Maroon 5 concert was canceled, but opening act PJ Morton went on with the show, using Twitter to direct his fans over to Lola for a concert. Some fans showed up hoping for a Maroon 5 sighting, but there was none., Lasser also confided a stealth reason for recruiting Suh for the made-in-Portland commercial., "Today’s ruling will further delay impending layoffs and presents severe financial consequences to the taxpayers in our city," said city spokeswoman Esmeralda Diaz Cameron in a statement. "In light of the Judge’s ruling however, we are prepared to meet immediately in an effort to try to realize savings that will enable the city to meet its budgetary requirements.", Windsor holds a 28.5-21.5 lead over Thompson Valley in 4A, with Pueblo South at 21., As with most outside-the-box thinking, the answer remains elusive., Speede spoke by phone from Cameroon's capital, Yaoundé, about her work and her relationships with the chimpanzees., The result, called Rela, opened in August 2010 in Copenhagen's funky Norrebro district, and was followed last year by Manfreds og Vin, a neighboring wine bar featuring natural wines. Rela showcases Mr. Puglisi's eclectic culinary mind-set—the result of a Sicilian father, a Norwegian mother, a Danish adolescence and a stint working at Spain's El Bulli restaurant—and the partners' preference for small wine producers., Garcia and a friend dressed as Santa gave the gifts to the kids and the gift cards to Reed., There have been other county officials who also have served admirably, but Hagan's tenure is unique and, as it ends, those of us who worked as the county administrator under him simply want to say that we are proud to have done so., One day, he said, a man dropped a bill in the small suitcase for tips that he keeps open at his feet. He thought it was a $5 bill because he could see the number 5. It turned out to be a $50 bill., The Parkway Theatre, patterned after London's West End Theatre and used as a movie and vaudeville house, was built in the early years of the 20th century. It was acquired by the Loews organization in 1926 and remodeled as a movie house., Don't worry about sending out fancy invitations - it's a horse race, not a major celebration. Call up your family and friends and tell them to come over - they'll likely be watching the race anyway., Gabriel Bourque only had seven goals in the regular season, but netted two -- including the game-winner with less than nine minutes left in the third period. The Predators acquired Paul Gaustad at the deadline because he's one of the best in the face-off circle. He won a critical draw against Pavel Datsyuk with five seconds left in the Nashville zone., After a few frantic minutes of taping in the Free Press lobby, and the dress looked as good as new. Whew!, Make a night of it: Enjoy German food in the Rathskeller, or beer and music in the outdoor biergarten (both in the lower level of the Athenaeum)., That indicates "there was a question in the mind of at least one juror" on those counts, Dorfman noted. "But because Andrew Bologna told the police right away what he saw, told this jury what he saw, I was comfortable absolutely presenting his testimony that he saw Mr. Ramos fire the gun.", John Cesaro, a Parsippany Troy-Hills councilman, said Campbell’s father was a fire commissioner who was active in the community., A resident of downtown St. Louis, Nicholson arrived Wednesday at the Florissant career center with "exciting news" - an offer to work as an administrative assistant for a financial services corporation., School: Illinois., The European financial network, intricately intertwined with the U.S. banking system, looks more precarious after the election results, Johnson said, adding: "We should be building up capital buffers against losses.", Early in the game, Granite City had the best scoring opportunities. With 27 minutes remaining, Keomanivane was wide left from inside the box. One minute later, a free kick by Paige Luehmann sailed over the net., A: A wind that turns clockwise with height., He doesn't foresee any radical changes to Skillet's overall sound on the next release., The existence of Kuelap has been publicly known for more than a century. But in contrast to Machu Picchu, which became an international sensation after a Yale explorer, Hiram Bingham, declared its "discovery" in the early 20th century, Kuelap's isolation long thwarted serious research. Waves of determined looters and the curious carted off bones and other remnants., Jeff Slaton, attorney for the Simon family, which has filed a wrongful-death suit against Simplicity and Wal-Mart, said, "I'm at a loss on why it took so long" for the safety commission to act., Yield: About 3/4 cup, Dusenberry, who had contact with thousands of Portland youths as a Portland youth sports activist and U.S. Olympic boxing coach, pleaded guilty in July 2002 to molesting four boys., On an overcast day, Joseph Lelinho paid a visit to his beehives in Montclair, checking on the honeybees since their last feeding a few weeks ago. For beekeepers, this winter’s unseasonably warm temperatures — a blessing for most of us — have actually been a killer., Several neighbors in the close-knit neighborhood reported hearing an explosion at the home of Eusebio and Doreen Razo in the 5100 block of North Arlington Heights Road - and the manager of the nearby grocery store said he saw it., The FCC says it subpoenaed an unidentified Google engineer as part of its investigation, but the employee invoked his Fifth Amendment rights against incriminating himself., Remaining moonlight bike rides are scheduled from:, Colleen Carroll Campbell's column (10/13/11) entitled "Obama alienates Catholic voters" is nothing short of pure fiction, infused with total distortions and overt lies., And when it's often difficult to predict a law's impact, legislators should think twice before carrying any bill. Is it absolutely necessary? Is it an issue serious enough to merit their attention? Will it definitely not make the situation worse?, "We all just hit the floor," she said. "People were running everywhere, everywhere.", University's Hallie Ford Museum of Art where she's cultivated her passion over the last four years and staked out a future brimming with promise., ‘‘It just seemed like it was a year where maybe a little bit more frustration set in than it should have,'' said Crawford, who had an .893 save percentage in the playoffs. ‘‘Overall, I look at it and it wasn't as bad a year as most people would think. There was definitely a lot of good hockey, but I've just got to make sure that those down times aren't as long or aren't as bad for next season.'', PLAINSBORO — A township Girl Scout troop had nearly $1,000 of their hard-earned money selling cookies stolen Thursday morning, police said., "It’s sad," Vaniska said. "You feel sorry for people like this who appear to be all alone, but they’re out there.", The bad majority of Anglo -- representing more than 80 percent of its loan business chiefly to bankrupt property developers and speculators -- would die once its toxic debts are written off or transferred to Ireland's national receptacle for dysfunctional property-based projects, the National Asset Management Agency., — CULTURE AND ARTS: Don't worry, the debt crisis isn't going to shut down the Louvre in Paris or the Vienna State Opera House. Culture will play a central role in European life for the foreseeable future. But how much of it should be financed by the government? That's a question being asked in many European capitals as budgets are being tightened. As part of its austerity drive, Spain's new conservative government has eliminated the Culture Ministry as a self-standing institution, merging it with education and sports. A program to subsidize Spanish cinema — which made a name for itself around the world with Oscar-winning directors such Pedro Almodovar — has been scrapped. In Sweden, the government has decided to gradually dismantle a subsidy program that provided lifelong income guarantees for artists seen as particularly important to Swedish culture., "I was just looking for a quick couple of dollars and (Turvo) made me get my bail bondsman license and driver's license," Harmon said. "He helped me turn my life around.", The news came in a regulatory filing that spells out the Obama administration's game plan for what it hopes will be a speedy Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization that will leave GM with a much smaller debt load and the U.S. government as the dominant shareholder., For skin that's healthy (an attractive color), wealthy (nicely plumped-up) and wise (flexible, with a ready memory), you have to do more than splurge on not-so-magic but oh-so-expensive cosmetics. You need to nourish your skin with fruits and vegetables. As Eve could have said to Adam, "The good news is that when you finish that apple, you'll look like you've been living in paradise.", THE BEST WAY TO NELSON, Moving on: Mark Wiseman, who ran the Cuyahoga County Foreclosure Prevention Program, is leaving to go to work for Ohio Attorney General Richard Cordray. Wiseman isn't going far. He'll work as a lawyer in the Consumer Protection Section's Cleveland office. County Treasurer Jim Rokakis had nothing but praise. "It's our loss, it's the attorney general's gain. Mark will be working on consumer issues from a larger platform, and that's a good thing.", Golson sat out all of last season as a freshman. More known for his running ability, he had a strong spring game, throwing for 120 yards and two touchdowns to open some eyes., Victor Rodriguez has been told about community response, according to his family. "It's helping him get through this. He has a long road ahead," said Ruben Rodriguez. "He has good days, and then he has his setbacks.", It was surprising enough to see former Mayor Susan Hammer and council members Frank Fiscalini and Blanca Alvarado, among others, announcing the measure this spring. But their response to last week's city analysis of its implications was more disturbing., "Regardless of who our opponent is," Fisher said, "we have staples and a foundation that we have to play with. And if we stick to those things, who cares about the opponent and how many games they played before they got to us?", When due at Court, Churchill often made sure this wife, who held the power, was present. She talked for His Majesty., "I see him as a person, who, when you're in his presence, you know it, because you feel like you're in his presence," Fennell said. "He's not looking at his watch, he's going to make you feel that what you say is important. That's the quality of a leader that probably isn't in a textbook.", Denise and Greg Pearson believe that houses, like people, deserve second chances. They recently finished the second and final renovation to their 110-year-old home. They added contemporary touches and 450 square feet while retaining many original features and its overall vintage charm. Denise sums it up: "We built a new home inside an old house.", For days upon days, Lee was silent about his egregious mistake. Finally, after the McClains had filed a lawsuit, a settlement was reached and Lee apologized., I think they can., West Virginia 32.2%, A little less wear and tear on any traveler? Now that's a path we'd all like to take., That stands in contrast to previous policies under which Thomas and Arpaio staged raids on businesses to charge employees with identity theft, and then tried to build employer-sanction cases out of evidence gathered by search warrant., Eight officers came from the Edison Police Department, seven from Paterson. Six more traveled from Franklin Township in Somerset County, Colao’s prescription records from Lowen’s Pharmacy show., "Today, we have lost a legend in Ford Motor Co.'s history, and my family and I have lost a dear friend," said Edsel B. Ford II, member of the automaker's board of directors and great-grandson of its founder, Henry Ford. "Carroll Shelby is one of the most recognized names in performance-car history, and he's been successful at everything he's done., "In a year's time, sophomores are doing the equivalent of the human genome project," said Jenna Rickus, an associate professor of biomedical engineering at Purdue and one of the professors who oversaw Czyszczon's work. "You stimulate a lot of excitement in the students. It revs them up.", Already we are taking our potted tender and semi-hardy plants into our leaky and unheated greenhouse even though the conventional wisdom is to let them take a few light frosts to toughen them up. I was resigned to treating the red-leaved bananas like annuals, which have never survived even in the greenhouse. But Doug the Wonder Guy wants to make another valiant try at saving them., Summer show exhibits faculty art, We've gathered some easy recipes for ribs for the Memorial Day weekend, the traditional start of the grill season. Our favorites range from succulent slow-cooked baby back ribs to delicious quick-grilled Korean beef short ribs, some inspired by barbecue and grilling books that have arrived just in time for summer., Yes, Emmert and Smeets have "the right stuff.", The eldest son, Rene, was the first one to awake to the flames. He ran to his mother's room, waking her., Defending champion: Lyons, The Plain Dealer reported last year that 50 of Mason's employees had been elected to political office or became active in the county Democratic Party after Mason took office. It's not clear how many of Mason's employees would be considered classified., The CVC's model skews the percentages in favor of private funding because of the league's two newest stadiums. MetLife Stadium, home of the Giants and Jets, received no public funding, and Cowboys owner Jerry Jones financed 70 percent of Cowboys Stadium., The interlopers took away chickens they had brought to the land Wednesday morning, fearing they would be seized in a police sweep., "It's going to take years," Jim Farley, Ford's global marketing chief said at an event at the IAC Building in New York City Monday night. "But the whole idea is that the company that made the same commitment to the Ford brand is now making that commitment to Lincoln for exclusive product where the customer gets a world class product.", Schools and top coaches nationwide have been able to bring in significant money through their athletic programs, broadcasting rights and even the clothes they wear on game day., Vigil (pronounced vi-Heel) said several of Republic's existing customers - automakers, machinery companies and construction companies - have been steadily increasing their orders, but expected growth in the oil and gas industry was a major driver for the decision to expand in Lorain., That Wenders chose a choreographer as challenging as Bausch speaks to his own good taste. That he illustrates, illuminates and renders her sometimes inaccessible work so much more accessible speaks to his sensitivities as a viewer of dance and his genius as a filmmaker., Under net metering, a customer is credited in full for any power the home system sends back to the utility until the monthly bill is zero. The company then buys any additional extra power but only at the going price for power, not the full consumer price, which includes delivery charges.FirstEnergy spokeswoman Ellen Raines said the company's lawyers were still reading Migden-Ostrander's complaint late Thursday and would have no comment on the specific allegations., The remodeling of the ironically named Upbeat Studio (Cake’s music is rarely cheery) helps to account for the seven-year gap between 2004’s "Pressure Chief" and "Showroom." But it wasn’t the only reason for the break., "At that moment, I ceased to be a playwright and became a novelist," Bourjaily recalled in an interview with A. Scott Berg for his 1978 biography "Max Perkins: Editor of Genius.", To make a cocktail that will amaze your guests, drop a flower and some of its syrup, if you wish, into a flute of sparkling wine. The flower is edible, with a sweet-tart berry flavor., And while my son took pictures of his wild mother as she danced in a circle of amazed Chinese, I would never need those photos to remember. That dance, with that woman, had become more valuable than any purchase, any visit to a monument. For me, that dance would last forever., Ryan Sibert, Lorain, 1/5, Brookgate Lanes., - The largest human-smuggling operation ever uncovered by state task-force investigators was closed down in a joint effort by local and federal authorities., Favorite all-time Terp: Marissa Coleman, More recent reports from retailers, however, show that shoppers are spending at a greater rate in the final months of the year., 3 teaspoons dried oregano, The score remained 7-7 after three quarters and for most of the fourth quarter before Smith sent the two-time defending Missouri Class 6 champions home with the triumph., Any county government executive complaining to the legislature might as well be talking to the wall. The utilities have their lobbyist who with campaign contributions have no fear of any legislative action. BGE/Constellation top management are only interested in how big their payday is going to be when the merger takes place with Exelon Corp., Q. Do some spectators get out of hand?, From 1979-82 Zerr was an associate circuit judge., She said the group welcomes more volunteers., Nowadays, hospital volunteers and auxiliary members are both genders, and there are so many opportunities to serve. While I'm not able to donate time right now, I do manage to deplete my wallet at auxiliary fundraisers, like plant sales, bake sales and Christmas bazaars., _ "Alien" (1979): This belongs at the top of about five different lists, including best thriller and best horror film, as well. Ridley Scott did so many things right here — from the grimy, lived-in world of the Nostromo mixed with H.R. Giger's eerily seductive design to the perfect cast and Sigourney Weaver's bad-ass performance. I also love the way Scott keeps the alien unseen for so much of the gut-churning build up, then delivers one of the most terrifying creatures ever seen on screen. I still can't watch this one after about 8 p.m., Cyber mayor:, 1727 W Woodbine Av, $84,000, It was his first chance to argue with an umpire as a manager., "You are just as likely to catch something by touching a dirty handrail ... so there's no reason not to shake hands," he said., CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Cuyahoga County Executive Ed FitzGerald is 100 percent Irish., But as Louis-Dreyfus finished her "Seinfeld" story, walked back into the ornate make-believe offices of Vice President Meyer on that Columbia soundstage and started sounding decidedly duplicitous and scheming in the lines she spoke, I couldn't help wondering if this high-buzz HBO series wasn't in some small way, at least, Elaine goes to Washington — with some of the smartest guys in American and British pop culture driving the limousine., Popular titles they remember from their own childhoods and are now selling include: El Principito, Camilón, Comilón, Platero y yo, Lazarillo de Tormes and !Upa!., Silver took his post in November 2009, soon after the program approved the loan guarantee to Solyndra, its first since the initiative began in 2006. By late 2010, Solyndra was faltering. Earlier this year, the company asked the Energy Department to restructure the terms of its loan guarantee. By early September, it had closed its doors, laid off almost all of its 1,100 workers, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and become the focus of FBI and congressional investigations., "Let them know, conservatives all across this country have not given up the fight, we're not going to concede to the moderate establishment who wants to convince everybody that it's over, it's time to go away," Santorum told about 200 supporters at the Jelly Belly factory in a town halfway between San Francisco and Sacramento., Only a few months had passed since mortgage giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, along with insurer American International Group, and had been taken over by the government. Lehman Brothers went bankrupt and three of the nation's 10 largest banks -- Washington Mutual, Wachovia and National City -- were forced out of business., The parents of Fee's partners, the boards of the two theaters, were intrigued but wary., Another gem is DeFuniak Springs, a sleepy town of 5,000 just off Interstate 10. I took a one-mile walk around Lake DeFuniak, which is ringed by gracious Victorian homes that recall a time when labor and materials were cheap and no architectural detail was too elaborate. At Murray's Cafe, I ordered a fried green tomato sandwich with a side of fried okra and watched a CSX freight rumble through town., "So how does the Supreme Court decide cases?" she said. "Do the justices merely sit through argument, toss a coin and go home? Do we simply choose the outcome of a case because it suits us? Are the decisions politically motivated? The answers to those questions are obviously ‘no.’", Although battling fatigue from the disorder, Kendall Prince competed in every conference tournament for the Buckeyes, who are ranked No. 19 nationally by Golfweek. She ranked No. 7 in the Golfweek/Sagarin Big Ten rating, and was the top finisher for Ohio State in three tournaments. She had three top-five finishes, including a third place in the Lady Buckeye Spring Invitational., The Legislature is considering a measure, House Bill 2791, that would repeal these tax exemptions. Money raised from dropping the exemptions would go into an account to fund all-day kindergarten classes., In an afternoon release, the Coyotes said NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman will speak to the media at 6 p.m., an hour before tonight's puck drops in Glendale., That’s an awfully wide doorway., Heading up Hemisphere’s kitchen is executive chef David Mangano, who brings 16 years of experience to the Sheraton. Mangano makes all of his soups and sauces from scratch, as well as customer favorites such as lasagna, meatloaf and mashed potatoes, and his award-winning ribs. He enjoys creating weekly specials for the restaurant, and he even fulfills special requests., And anyone with a lick of sense — or an ounce of commitment to good government — knows that., There's obviously an audience for the film, probably a large one. They are content, even eager, to sit in a theater and watch one action figure after another pound and blast each other to death. They require no dialogue, no plot, no characters, no humanity. Have you noticed how cats and dogs will look at a TV screen on which there are things jumping around? It is to that level of the brain's reptilian complex that the film appeals., Japanese come to Honolulu in large numbers, and their trade is crucial for the success of hotel row in Waikiki, which is full of luxury shopping. Although I saw only three neckties worn on the streets of Honolulu in my two-week visit, all four Hermes boutiques are chock-full of them, waiting, like passengers in an airport lounge, to complete their transit from France to Tokyo. It was much the same for the fine jewelry sold at the two Cartier stores. When I wanted to shop with the locals, I went to Wal-Mart, Kmart and Sears., The Twins have the worst starting pitching in the majors, but the whole division wishes it was better. A look at each team's starting pitching ERA entering the weekend and where it ranked in MLB: White Sox (3.73 ERA, 16th), Indians (4.11, 19th), Tigers (4.28, 21st), Royals (5.39, 27th), Twins (7.06, 30th)., The Singleton's met for dinner at China Palace, a Mandarin and Szechuan restaurant. It is owned by King and Nancy Chu, and managed by Chien Chu, their son, a most polite and agreeable young man. Nancy Chu was our server – she helps out in a pinch – a lovely lady. This is a spacious place; classical music fills the air, but not too loud – an invitation to conversation., 24. Kendall Reyes, DT, Connecticut, 6-4, 299. Still on the upswing in his career curve, especially given how he pushed around some of the nation's best offensive linemen at the Senior Bowl workouts. A team captain, he played both end and tackle in his career. He had 31 1 tackles for loss in 42 career starts., Get complete results and a video interview with Vedes -- with messed-up sound because he keeps pounding bricks of cash on the table -- at WorldPokerTour.com., We're willing to post Blowback items on both news and opinion pieces, but our focus is on opinion. The idea is to present countering opinions, not to provide a forum for pointing out errors or critiquing bias in the Times' news coverage. (For the former we have an official corrections policy; for the latter we have an occasional Sunday feature called "Outside the Tent."), "I remember that the jade collection was in a cupboard in the living room," said Betty Alexander, 83, of Hunting Valley, who was 8 when her third cousin John died. She often visited Longwood, his Cleveland Heights estate, whose property became Severance Town Center., The IAAF said Ornelas' blood profile was flagged as being "abnormal" in May 2011, trigging further investigation. A panel of three blood experts examined his profile and concluded "there was no known reasonable explanation" for the abnormal readings other than doping., Regarding the documents Ferguson wants, Law Department spokeswoman Jennifer Hoyle said that's a matter of "attorney-client privilege.", “It was almost understood that if there was a sponsor there the meal was free,” Kelley said., While Prince's 55 receiving yards and seven rushing yards might not look like much, he did plenty to help his team in other ways., A 15-year-old male victim, reported that he was assaulted by two black males, who attempted to rob him, police said., Wright, 6-foot-3 and 195 pounds, helped lead the Aggies to a 6-5 record while passing for 2,432 yards with 17 touchdowns and eight interceptions. Now a sophomore, Wright entered the Aggies' training camp poised to build on the success he had last season., "I had like a page and half, I had so many things going through my mind," Pryor said. "And I think that helped me out personally.", Owner Jeffrey Loria and president David Samson refused to characterize the Marlins' posture in the aftermath of a Wednesday morning news conference to announce the signing of free agent shortstop Jose Reyes. Loria at one point declared it "Jose Reyes' day" while refusing to directly address Pujols' availability. But within hours Marlins officials said they had revoked their offer and redirected focus to bolstering a vulnerable starting rotation., Phoenix lighting specialist John Keith, who supplied me with the LED bulbs for my experiment, wasn't surprised., Kathy Sussell, like many parents, made the argument that as long as her teenagers were dependent on her financially, they had to live by her rules. "It's my house," said Sussell, of Brooklyn, N.Y. "If they needed to get pierced or tattooed, they could find another place to live." Her kids are now 20 and 23, "and I think they are happy today not to have tattoos.", After being held out in relation to the investigation for the first part of the season, Jones was reinstated by Miami with the NCAA's permission. The coach that Shapiro says actually took the money and made the payment was then-Miami assistant Jake Morton, who is in good standing at Western Kentucky., Mayor Bing has talked about achieving that but never acted on it. The City Council has been even more negligent over a longer period of time about providing the basics of a functioning city to Detroiters. Even Tuesday, when members were scheduled to meet about the potential loss of millions in federal money for the poor, five of nine showed up late, and one never showed at all., Another television ad features Scott Tipton, vice president of the Ohio Fraternal Order of Police. "We told you they would lie and that's why we'll continue to police the facts," Tipton says., “The number of customers using alternate access is increasing,” he said, noting supermarkets and banks sell stamps well after post office branches are closed and many services are available online. “They are not going to the traditional brick and mortar branches like they used to.”, "One of the big problems is the distribution — who's going to be the middle man between the broadcaster and your phone," Atorino said. "Sinclair is ready, but unless the market really takes off, there will not be an impact for a long time.", Team Northeast Ohio: Steve Fritsch and Walt Good were named business development directors in the JobsOhio regional office in Northeast Ohio., "When people, including you, in this room, are working on articles, books, documentaries or movies that involve the president, ask to speak to administration officials, we do our best to accommodate them to make sure the facts are correct," Carney said. "That is hardly a novel approach to the media. We do not discuss classified information.”, Our deep admiration for the honeybee and sympathy for its mysterious plight gave us an idea for a great spring brunch. In the spirit of spring fever, we recommend a kitchen challenge: guests create dishes using the secret ingredient of local honey, from such L.A.-based suppliers as Kirk's Local Honey and Feral Honey & Bee. Now is when healthy bees are busy foraging new wildflowers and budding blossoms to make the sweetest, spiciest honey of the year. As part of the growing urban farming movement, it's possible to find honey crafted from the flowers in your very own town or neighborhood. With each guest as chef, taster and community supporter, brunch becomes a culinary arena. But finally the proof is in the honey itself. A symbolic tribute to the very essence of spring will call forth the Iron Chef in every cook., Chief Executive Les Moonves guaranteed investors that the, "If this audit is the mechanism for us to right the ship on the controls and processes of the district and cut down on the rhetoric and the politics, I'm all for it," board secretary Steven Swyers said., -- In January 2010, Yerger orders a fine of $1.56 million against Eaton for the discovery violations cited. He continues to examine the question of whether Peters tried to sway DeLaughter., The proposal was developed to boost the academic achievement of grade-school students who are still learning English. According to Cheryl Dyer, the district’s assistant superintendent, these students have struggled in their language and math NJ ASK exam scores., "The beauty of the grill is you have plenty of oven space for everything else," he said., The question to Jordan Theodore afterwards was simple: Did he think that the win sent a message to the rest of the Big East? Theodore's response? Simple and stern. "I hope it does. Because nobody is coming into our house, just thinking their going to kick our (butts)." That was the theme of the latest chapter in Seton Hall's improbable story of the season. The Pirates ran No. 8 Connecticut — and it's nearly two-decade long losing streak — out of town, with a 75-63 win. Star-Ledger college hoops beat writer Brendan Prunty has all of the answers, including why this was the win the Pirates needed to have:, But with Congress still wrestling with privacy legislation, the administration also announced a voluntary effort by leading companies involved in online advertising, including Google Inc., Yahoo Inc. and Microsoft Corp., to work with browser companies to provide a standardized Do Not Track feature for consumers., RUBIN: We've been in discussions with several other platforms trying to figure out how to set up this SRO. It all depends on what will happen in the next nine months, which is the timeline for implementation with the SEC. There's already much precedent of for-profit ventures using crowd-funding. Now what will change is that they can offer equity in return, which we call equity crowd-funding., For the residents of Nenninger Lane, their homes and lives have been shaped by the same Turnpike that has enabled commuters to move further and further south over the decades., On June 3, 2010, the Army closed its books on Tad Hervas., McCartney is a spiritual person (his father is former Colorado head coach Bill McCartney, who founded the “Promise Keepers” men’s ministry group as well as an organization called “The Road to Jerusalem”) and a mild-mannered guy, so he kept his emotions in check during the conversation., 2. Choose one or more glazes. These will blend with each other and the base coat to create different colors and hues. You may use oil-based glazes or water-based (latex) glazes., One good source of money may be selling individual stocks. Many investors hang onto stocks because they don't want to pay the 15 percent capital gains tax. But Slott says the likelihood of a coming boost to that rate makes it doubly sensible as a way to pay for the conversion. "You'll never see a rate as low as 15 percent again in your lifetime, I don't think," he says. The top capital gains tax rate is currently set to revert back to 20 percent next year., "It was one of the last things he voted on," Pompelio said., WASHINGTON -- Ohio's governor, attorney general and most state Republican elected officials have deep problems with the Affordable Care Act, especially its mandate that nearly all Americans must get health insurance by 2014. Ohio Democrats feel otherwise -- and at least 11 of them are expected to be signatories to a friend-of-the-court brief being filed today at the U.S. Supreme Court., The issue, a referendum on Senate Bill 5 and its overhaul of collective bargaining for public workers in Ohio, will appear on the Nov. 8 ballot., The sinner, self-avowed, is a former dolphin trainer, Ric O’Barry; he caught and trained the five dolphins who played the title role in the TV series “Flipper.” The series was so popular that it spawned a vogue in marine amusement parks, which turned dolphins into entertainers. (To an extent that “The Cove” never makes clear, the Taiji kill is a byproduct of efforts to catch dolphins that may be sold to such parks for as much as $150,000 per animal.) To atone for his own role in the fateful celebrity of smaller cetaceans, Mr. O’Barry became an eco-activist, freeing captive dolphins on many occasions. As the hero of this piece, he’s the leader of an expedition that uses hi-def cameras (hidden in artificial rocks by special-effects wizards at Industrial Light & Magic), hydrophones and night-vision technology to penetrate the secrecy that surrounds the horrific kill., Infrastructure spending, payroll tax holidays and extension of unemployment benefits will only replace monies now running out from the $800 billion stimulus package and subsequent initiatives. Job training is the biggest folly; the economy is not creating many decent openings for trainees to fill., We can't disagree with those Owens, Grange and Johnson being in the top three. But Magic as No. 1? Seriously? Not because he wasn't a great player. But come on. He was only in college for two years. And what he did in his college years is the ONLY thing that matters, according to the network's own rules:, A recent Bee investigation exposed data falsification by a branch technician, Duane Wiles, and theft of building materials by the branch supervisor, Brian Liebich., Complicating her treatment was gestational diabetes, which set in after the accident. Alex took insulin for it., The treasurer of Democracy in Motion — which donated $7,200 to Wisniewski’s campaign account last October — is Christina Montorio, another of the lawmaker’s former chiefs of staff., The bill (S2636), which passed 27-9, proposes to cancel $1.25 billion in toll hikes that were scheduled to take effect next January. The project, called Access to the Region’s Core, was axed late last year by Christie, who said the state would be on the hook for billions of dollars in potential cost overruns., 1241 POPLAR DR $117,000, Now that the allegation has surfaced, Haith and Mizzou seem to be in limbo as they await NCAA findings., Preliminary results show that comparable store sales rose 3.9% in the first 12 weeks of its fiscal 2012 first quarter, compared to an increase of 18.1% in the same period of fiscal 2011., It does put pressure on us. We found such great characters there the last time, and we want to be able to bring it again, the next "American Idol." So it's the kind of pressure you want. We want to do well this year., Sprint started selling the iPhone in October, after AT&T and Verizon. To get it, it had to promise Apple that it would buy phones for $15.5 billion over four years -- a big sum for a company in a precarious financial position -- and analysts have noted that the phone could push Sprint over the edge, into bankruptcy., Anthony went just 3 of 8, scoring nine points in a second half spent playing bump-and-drive mostly against Battier. As the Heat churned away in the third quarter to the double-digit lead they would maintain most of the fourth quarter, Anthony went 1 of 5 from the field., There’s nothing to suggest there were other incidents — at least not in Elizabeth, where Powell lives, Saulnier said. The first two occurred in Linden, followed by two in Elizabeth, then two more in Linden, he said., LINDENWOOD BUILDS STREAK, Indeed, from the moment the Yankees bowed out of the American League Division Series in October, losing a decisive Game 5 at home to the Detroit Tigers, Cashman said his one and only goal this off-season was to improve his team’s pitching. When it didn’t happen at the winter meetings, Cashman shrugged and preached patience. But as December turned to January, it was starting to look like the Yankees would head to Tampa with Sabathia and Nova followed by some combination of Phil Hughes, A.J. Burnett and Freddy Garcia. Now, it appears Hughes, Burnett and Garcia will have to battle for one spot. Or Hughes could return to the bullpen, where he excelled in 2009., "This follows three years of salary freezes or modest increases and furloughs," Kaler said during his State of the University address in March. "This rewards all of you who have carried us through some very difficult budgets.", Protect the area with a callus pad to prevent recurrence., Now the reporter asks if Thompson has a copy of the canceled check. For 10 minutes he lectures the reporter. He says he doesn't have the canceled check, his bank doesn't do that for him. "Get it from Kevin White. He should have a copy.", Martha Jarrett filed for divorce April 27 in Howard County Circuit Court, accusing Robert Arnold Jarrett Jr. of committing adultery and deserting her, according to documents obtained by The Howard County Times., Heat the 1/3 cup olive oil over moderate heat in a large, wide, deep skillet or Dutch oven, preferably nonstick or enameled cast iron. It must be large enough to hold all the vegetables with the fish on top. Add the onion, fennel and potatoes. Season highly with salt and pepper and stir well. Saute, stirring often, until the potatoes are almost tender but not browned, about 20 minutes. Reduce the heat if necessary. Add the wine/saffron mixture, chickpeas, cilantro and 1 cup water. Put the tomatoes in a bowl and crush them well with your hands, then add them. Cover and cook at a gentle simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Put the fish on top of the bed of vegetables, cover and cook just until the fillets are white throughout and flake when probed with a fork, about 10 minutes., Over his shoulder was the Old Main, the sandstone monolith that marks the middle of the campus, its giant cupola sending off chimes on the hour that can be heard for miles. We were standing on the great lawn, the one that stretches out to College Avenue, about an hour before there was a stunning sun shower of fine white hailstones that grabbed the grass like beads of mercury., Roundtable chairman and Norcross Mayor Bucky Johnson said there’s still enough on the list to significantly improve quality of life in metro Atlanta and leverage federal funds to get more work done., oA more streamlined alternative is a donor-advised fund. Essentially, you create an account at a donor-advised fund and, provided you fund the account by Dec. 31, you can deduct your entire donation from your 2011 taxes. You can then invest the money among several choices and instruct the fund to distribute money to approved charities at any time., An actuarial report conducted on the deal pegged its cost at $44.6 million, assuming 120 people took full advantage of it. But Schenk, who serves on the retirement board, said the estimate is wrong because it was done after the fact, included errors and didn't account for reduced payroll and benefit costs that the county stands to realize by reducing the head count. "It was bizarre," Schenk said of the report., I recently rented a car from Thrifty in Toronto for two weeks. I travel more than 26 weeks a year and rent lots of cars, but this is the first time I have been scammed by a rental car company., On the other side of those transactions are sellers like Debbie and Bill Wetherell, who had 17 offers in four days for their four-bedroom home in Danville, Calif. "I was floored. It was so fast, it was surreal," says Ms. Wetherell. The home sold on Wednesday for $796,000, more than $50,000 above the asking price., As with the calamari, the gnocchi ($8) is plated in a pool, here of lemony butter that drips off every forkful. Soft and delicately flavored with milky ricotta and astringent chard, the gnocchi are topped with fork-tender squash and bright squash blossoms. The tastiest entree is the hearty Sweet Briar Farms Pork Blade Chop ($19). While the pork is tender and sweet, the accompanying gratinéed tomatoes add more crunch than flavor. But the star of the dish is the zucchini-potato cakes which, because they absorb the juices from the pork and the tomatoes, contain all the multi-layered abundance of gorgeous flavor so sorely lacking in many of the other Daily Cafe foods., BJC Healthcare, which operates Barnes-Jewish Hospital and a dozen others in Missouri and Illinois, owns property worth about $1.5 billion. But it pays few property taxes., Brand-name companies also are trimming research budgets, partnering with other companies to share drug development costs and shifting more manufacturing and patient testing to low-cost countries., The 89-year-old national program recognizes outstanding creative teens and offers scholarship opportunities for high school seniors., “As I reflected on all of these things in the days following his death, I made the decision, in consultation with my family, close friends and encouragement from Republicans across the district, to follow Alex’s example of public service and seek the opportunity to run for the state Assembly vacancy in the 26th Legislative District.”, After Game 5, Hitchcock beamed like a proud papa. Out of coaching, and waiting for another chance to lead, Hitch took over the listing Blues on Nov. 8. He gave this young team a purpose and a plan, summoning memories of his glory days in Dallas, where he led the Stars to a Stanley Cup., “There was a lot of potential in those boys,” said Chidester., On March 1, a Los Angeles judge awarded CBS Corp. a $1.04 million judgment against Roberts Broadcasting after CBS subsidiaries claimed it failed to pay for syndicated shows., Now Mourdock, a 60-year-old geologist, is on the brink of handing the "tea party" its biggest victory of the 2012 elections: Sen. Richard Lugar's seat., District 2: CBC, De Smet, Francis Howell North, Hazelwood Central, Hazelwood West, Pattonville, Ritenour, St. Louis U. High, "Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits," is the sly Twain quote from "Pudd'nhead Wilson" that opens PBS' "Prohibition," which begins at 8 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 2, on WVIZ Channel 25 and WEAO Channel 49. Burns and Novick then follow this up with another line by Twain: "Fanatics will never learn that, though it be written in letters of gold across the sky. It is the prohibition that makes anything precious.", Through family lore, she had hypothesized that Gretchen was formed from dog or sheep bones. At the College of Veterinary Medicine at Oregon State University, a series of CT scans, X-rays and other tests overseen by scientists Ronald Beckett and Gerald Conlogue revealed that Gretchen was primarily wood and burlap., "I wasn't going to hit .500 all year," said Lynn. "I'm just trying to stay above .100.", At a stage when many of her friends are downsizing, Margie Levinson bucked the trend. To have "a real dining room," large enough for dinner parties, but mostly to have space for the treasures she inherited from her parents, Margie almost doubled her living quarters by moving two years ago into a nearly 1,500-square-foot Creve Coeur condo., Several superintendents said they welcomed the possibility their districts would end up with more resources., "We didn't get it done at the end," Miller said., Not the biggest and strongest central defender in the league, but Binder made up for it with skill and technical ability. He was a rock in the back for a Xavier team that proved numerous times that it could compete with any and every club in CHSAA Class AA., Sgt. Mike Geiger said police have identified about 120 minors associated with the sex trade, a number expected to grow with more thorough tracking. Geiger praised Saltzman's proposal as a means to ensure necessary resources for victims., Price: $16,995 for the base model, $22,695 for the loaded LTZ edition., PRELIMINARIES, With about 1,000 apartments in six buildings, Plaza Square's original goal was to draw middle-class residents downtown. That strategy failed as Plaza Square owners and management firms came and went. In 2006, Silverstone Communities of Chicago bought one of the buildings and converted it to low-priced condos, called Blu CitySpaces., In corporate news, Deere & Co. rose, SADDLE RIVER — A man who overdosed on stolen drugs he ingested at a party in 2007 has settled his lawsuit with a pharmacy, several guests, the party's host and the host's mother for $4.1 million., Eduardo Sanchez, co-director of "The Blair Witch Project" (1999), presents his new movie,"Lovely Molly,"screening May 4 at 11:30 p.m. and again May 5 at 11 p.m. This horror movie concerns a young woman returning to her childhood home in western Maryland., That advice reached Lola Gomes, a Sausalito resident who took a ferry to downtown San Francisco in the early afternoon with her goddaughter, 7-year-old Viviana Linne. They planned to see the movie "Mirror Mirror" at the Metreon, then return to Sausalito on another ferry., A gust of popularity, Reines, who will serve as auditor until a new charter government takes office in January, said he had no immediate plans to fire any other employees., "People are very sad to see our teachers lose their jobs. But because there was such a limited amount of time children were spending learning Spanish, their acquisition of the language was not strong," said assistant superintendent Joanne Monroe. After buying Rosetta Stone and new computers, and cutting five teaching positions, they will save about $140,000 this year, she said., “The ACRS decision is the last major milestone for license renewal,” said Joe Delmar, spokesman for PSEG Nuclear., Ed Gilroy - Lucille McFarland, Dozens of candidates have filed for state office in advance of the May 15 filing deadline., At age 14 and weighing about 175 pounds in the summer between eighth grade and his freshman year of high school, the home-schooled Tebow did 315 curl reps of a 55-pound bar. It's not an exaggeration to say the lactic acid buildup would not allow him to straighten his arms for three days., "Then we realized that this is just a great tool," Small recalls., But a written airport-use agreement between SeaPort and Newport is expected before mid-March, officials said., Tables will be priced at $5, $10, etc., For now the beer is trucked here from a contract brewer in Wisconsin, but Kraftig still plans to build a full-size brewery in St. Louis within the next three years. Its aim is to ship 2 million barrels a year by then., But Pintchik said the Hooters broker "approached us with confidence. They seemed persistent about the project and . . . if they want to get it done, it looks like they have the power to do so and will probably attract a great deal of customers.", Today, you can hardly log onto the Web without running across stories detailing the wreckage and waste wrought by the green jobs fantasy. The Solyndra scandal, in which half a billion dollars in loan guarantees was funneled to a now-bankrupt solar panel maker, is still unreeling. Newsweek recently captured the changed climate with a single headline: <U+0093>Obama's Big Green Mess.<U+0094>, All the servers are volunteers, and the two we chatted with had similar backgrounds. After they retired, they were looking for something fulfilling, found Casa Garden and have been at it for years., And the No. 1 site to see?, Go, but don't fly. George Hobica, founder of low-cost-seeking Airfarewatchdog.com, suggests taking a cruise from the West Coast. Cruises can be an inexpensive vacation option, he says, but you'll lose that bargain edge if you "drink too much, gamble too much or have too many facials," he notes., The Senior Department of the YM-YWHA of Union, 501 Green Lane, Union, will hold its pre-Shavuot Luncheon from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. The program features music by Lester Smith who plays an array of popular songs from the 50s and 60s. Lunch-eon will include fish, salad, a fruit cup and dessert., Of the items up for bid Saturday whose values Hunt Auctions has made public, Williams's 1949 MVP plaque is the most extravagant: It is priced between $150,000 and $200,000. Together, a Red Sox lapel pin and a personalized Williams check for $40 are valued at close to $500; his United States Marine Corps discharge certificate is an estimated $2,000., "When you're learning acoustic guitar, you learn a lot of old Irish tunes but my interest really grew when I saw the Tossers," said Caby, who played in metal bands before answering an ad from dulcimer player Chad Ross. "I had never seen a band that rocked so hard with mandolins and fiddles and banjos. To the younger kids, it's punk rock; to the older people, it's just sped-up country.", "As soon as you see the windmill with its canvas sails turning fast, people will be so fascinated that someone could design and build such a structure 100 years ago, and that it is possible to let it turn again,'' Verbij said. "It's like an old big sail ship that crossed the ocean.'', MANTUA TWP. — Ever since Anna Baldwin was diagnosed with Tourette syndrome at the end of fifth grade, she has made it her mission to educate fellow students about the disorder., "These standards are clearer and more focused on academic achievement," Cerf said earlier this month on a call with reporters., Not that I enjoyed either application. I'm no fan of pushups to begin with, and having to walk my hands over an obstacle made them even less fun. Squats, too, are always hard for me, especially the jumping variety, and they certainly weren't any easier with 13 pounds around my neck., As I noted in a Dec. 4 Forum article, California has not merely failed to invest adequate sums in maintaining its transportation infrastructure, it has allowed projects aimed at remedying deficiencies in its goods movement system to become bogged down in environmental review and NIMBY lawsuits., Sachs was the executive responsible for getting people to subscribe to the company’s magazines, but that was expected to be a big area of change under Lang, and his departure was not seen as a surprise., A broken-and-braced utility pole at the corner continues to test the laws of gravity many months after a run-in with a car. "I don't know how it's still standing," said the Road Rant lookout, who lives in the neighborhood. Two bulky support beams and various straps bolster the damaged pole. Someone even snaked yellow "CAUTION" tape around it., Downs said he doubts the energy issue will pay a big role in the election., “To go back and compare this budget in detail with a budget four years ago is an exercise you can assign to some public administration class,” Ricci said. “I’m not going to do it. I don’t have the time or inclination to do that.”, The city will not run out of salt, Waelterman said. About 15 years ago, he didn't order enough and was forced to add sand to the mix. It worked. Roads were passable. But the clean up was a nightmare. "Sand does not go away," he said., We'll win because: We are doing this for the experience of playing at the House of Blues., They were the latest victims of the unassuming but unpredictable river, which has seen at least 20 drownings over the past four years., Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management spokeswoman Keli Cain said the state medical examiner's office confirmed five fatalities in the Woodward area early Sunday. She said she didn't know the gender or age of the victims or details of their deaths but several homes were damaged. More than 8,000 customers were without power in the region., The Warriors (9-16) opened the season 7-4 but have struggled mightily through key injuries. Their big free agent acquisition, power forward David Lee, missed eight games in November with a severe elbow infection and is averaging 14.8 points after averaging 20.2 and making the All-Star Games with the Knicks last season. Lee, who has never shot below 54.9 percent in his first five NBA seasons, is at 44.6 percent this season., A well-planted terrarium can thrive for many years, provided you have the right materials and location., Biden, who visited Ohio 15 times during the midterm election on behalf of Ohio candidates, acknowledged the beating Democrats took last November., Ms. Mellon, whose main residence is in Virginia, is selling because she doesn't use the property frequently anymore, says listing agent Jack Cotton of Sotheby's International Realty. Mr. Cotton says the hope is to find a conservation-minded buyer for the entire estate., John Coupal, president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association, said he believes voters are still in no mood for taxes. Voters rejected a temporary sales and vehicle tax extension in May 2009 by a margin of nearly two-thirds., She sent that in., Heredia and Matthews, who were not harmed in the incident, are undergoing a criminal and administrative investigation, which is standard practice in such events, as is the paid leave., I am not sure what you were attempting to get at by giving Mitt Romney such a backhanded endorsement. It would have been better for you not to endorse Romney., There aren’t many teams that can lose their left tackle, plug in a guy who has started there most of the past four years, fill the hole at guard with a veteran who has been in the system for five seasons and also have the option of turning to a guard/tackle with three seasons of double-digit starts., Dr. Theodore Chu noted that "lack of pricing (and payments) results in lack of competition, which is one of the causes of increases in health care costs. ... It's a complicated subject, but contrary to the opinion of some, there are practicing doctors out there who are interested in keeping costs down and are working for the benefit of the patient.", Booker then ducked into the New Jersey Historical Society on Park Place to catch a show by the Newark Boys Choir., But when Boies asked if Android is "critical" to Google's success, Page responded, "I believe Android is important; I wouldn't say it's critical.", This time, though, our luck was different. We had gorgeous weather for the whole, beautiful, four-hour drive up the coast, stopping at scenic overlooks and having lunch in a quaint fishing town., Meat trays and other items: Whole Foods Market, 13998 Cedar Road, University Heights, 216-371-5320, www.wholefoodsmarket.com., “It is never too late to make good public policy,” Seitz said., I wrote last week that it's been a tough run for the sports teams in this state lately. We get caught up, too often, with the bottom line, and forget to notice there are big moments going on all around us. Those of you who spend your sunny Saturdays at T-ball games, and youth track meets, and at swimming pools and soccer fields understand what I'm talking about., What if Missouri took the lead on this? Rex Sinquefield, who spent millions fighting the earnings taxes in St. Louis and Kansas City, could more productively spend his dough funding a task force for health care reform. I proposed this almost a year ago, and even suggested people who could be on the task force. Doctors like Ken Smith and Tom Hanley, hospital administrator Crystal Haynes, businesspeople like Bert Walker and Jack Taylor, economist David Rosen and insurance exec Michael Neidorff., “The organization, myself and my family, we all feel like this is something we want to do, have it fixed now and move past it,” he said Thursday at the team’s practice facility., Stanley Goldman, a professor at Loyola Law School, called Goodkin's involvement in Coppola's project "a great birthday present for the defense.", "No, they still recognized you," Becker teased. "You were old news by then.", Tuesday’s meeting between Christie and Goldberg is expected to focus in part on the authority’s financial picture, but will also include a discussion about a plan to share revenues between the warring Izod Center and the Prudential Center in Newark that could benefit both., Geauga cats, Seriously?! Are you sure there wasn’t a girl underneath him? There’s got to be an explanation for why on earth he’d be “doing” your sofa unless he’s got some odd couch fetish., The company also reported its earnings today for the second quarter. It had a net loss of $4.6 million, or 11 cents a share, compared to a profit of $5.3 million, or 12 cents a share, in the same period last year. The company blamed the drop in part on a more rapid-than-expected decline in toning footwear and to some continuing costs associated with the implementation of a new information technology system., oThe game was over in 2 hours, 10 minutes., Preston would bet on just about anything, and he mastered the art of stretching the truth. Among his many claims laid out on his website are that he played Minnesota Fats in one-pocket billiards using a broomstick; beat Bobby Riggs, of Billie Jean King fame, at ping pong using an iron skillet; and outran "a horse for a hundred yards (no one ever said nothing about the race being straight-away).", That thought works fine right up to the moment you apply logic. Because who had these guys winning the division? Las Vegas sportsbooks put the over-under at 80 wins. If these guys can't handle April in a season they're expected to lose more than half their games, what should we expect in September when the playoffs are close?, Union still unhappy, The chance ended, though, when Hassall tapped a shot into Sparks where she made the sliding save at the top of the penalty area., With unprecedented access over 26 hours, we were with patients and families as they waited for surgery, watched surgeons at work in the operating room, listened to doctors talk about how to save a patient's life and we sat with families as they learned their loved one's fate., An updated version of the confidential analysis is being used as a template in the early stages of the workers' comp overhaul negotiations., U.S. Sen. Frank Lautenberg, meanwhile, called the proposal an "assault" on New Jersey commuters., "We were so excited," says Matheson, "but we made him sign a contract not to sue us in case of catastrophe.", "I'm not ashamed to say I could eat a donut right now.", The book includes an email Ruth wrote to her elder son, Mark: "You accuse me of choosing Dad over you and Andy. … You have given me up and I pray that one day you might understand that I have not chosen one over the other. I miss you terribly. Why can't you understand? He is a human being, suffering, and is only going to get worse. I don't expect you to pity him, but I just can't let him rot in there.", Torrey Pines' Jennie Frager, 2013 (UCLA)., I can certainly see Harley's point and agree they're not for everyone; a solid training base from weightlifting should be established first. If you wish to take your physical performance to a higher level, however, careful kettlebell training from a qualified instructor can be valuable., But others noted the pitfalls of relying on themselves to track their online financial statements – particularly when tax season rolls around., The younger Mr. Murdoch had clashed over the years with the U.S. management, which at times felt he was overstepping his authority as head of Europe and Asia, according to some people close to the situation., So says Jim Farley, Ford's head of global marketing, sales and service., Throwing fruits and veggies into a whirring juicer spells death for much of their fiber. That's because the pulpy fiber is trapped when the juice is extracted. Now, we aren't opposed to juicing in moderation. And we're crazy about our own healthy smoothies. But we eat most of our fruits and vegetables whole., Mike Connors — Actor/Manix, 28076 Waverly St., $13,000, RF - Rick Ankiel, "It surely doesn't bode well for the forward estimates, or for stocks to continue to rally in the next couple of weeks," said Barry Knapp, head of U.S. equity strategy for Barclays Capital. "From a broader macroeconomic perspective it doesn't say anything positive about economic momentum, either.", Suharso Monoarfa, a former government minister who now has interests in the aviation industry, said he was invited on the flight, but had to cancel at the last minute., Moreover, Boehner's grasp on the speakership could be weakened if he fails to pass the debt-ceiling plan that bears his name. Assuming no more than five Democrats support the measure -- the same number that backed a GOP balanced-budget bill last week -- Boehner can afford to lose no more than 28 of the House's 240 Republicans., Supporters of legalizing the drug had already planned a rally today at the State House to protest the 40th anniversary of President Richard Nixon's declaration of a war against drugs. But Goldstein said there's more to protest after Christie's comments Thursday evening on the New Jersey Network's "On the Line" television program. Christie said he's specifically concerned that regulators might be prosecuted for following his directions if the medical marijuana program is started., INDIANAPOLIS -- If the Browns decide not to trade up to No. 2 to draft Baylor quarterback Robert Griffin III, one of the players they'll seriously consider with their No. 4 pick is Oklahoma State receiver Justin Blackmon, the top wideout in the draft., The chef comes out of the kitchen and works the room. He asks Evelyn and Rich how they enjoyed their dinner. They gush. He asks them where they're from. They say, "Cleveland.", Snyder also revealed, in a Free Press interview, that he will travel to Germany and Italy in March -- his second overseas investment and trade mission since taking office., Hackensack Riverkeeper is now accepting applications for the 2012 Ron Vellekamp Environmental Scholarship. Seniors at Hudson County high schools are eligible for the award. Students must reside and/or attend school within the 210 square-mile Hackensack River Watershed. Applications must be postmarked no later than today. The winner will be chosen no later than June 1. Full scholarship application criteria is available online at www.hackensackriverkeeper.org or by calling (201) 968-0808., The industry pretty much languished for 300 years. Even 20 years ago, Mexican wines were nothing to boast about. But now a new breed of ambitious winemakers is gearing up to satisfy the demand of a rising, affluent and increasingly sophisticated domestic middle class. And the international market is starting to pay attention. Consumers have begun to recognize the dramatic improvement in quality., Dex Romweber hit the musical spotlight as half of the high energy, rockabilly-based group Flat Duo Jets from 1983 to 1998., Retailers are hoping that shoppers are in a jolly mood this year despite a slow-to-recover economy., "I'm 35 now!", Free parking is available in the JJ garage at East 93rd Street and Chester Avenue., The one posted on the tree that tent-man hung himself from:, According to the Center for Responsive Politics, Brown's campaign spent $10.7 million in 2006, when the then-House member from Lorain defeated Republican incumbent Sen. Mike DeWine -- who spent $15.5 million. DeWine had a political comeback last fall, winning his race to become Ohio attorney general., New Jersey is one of only six states to score well in each of the four categories evaluated by the report card’s authors. Those categories include state spending per pupil, state spending adjusted for poverty concentration, state spending as a ratio of per-capita gross domestic product, and the proportion of school-age children attending public schools., “We have a lot of great running backs,” he said. “I don’t think we’ll miss a beat.”, Under current law, a candidate nominated by the Libertarian Party, for example, is identified on the ballot with the word "Libertarian" adjacent to the name of the candidate. Under the new bill, the candidate would be identified as only "LBT," which sounds more like a sandwich than a party., Employers and employees both pay into the fund that provides unemployment insurance. When that fund dwindles, taxes on employers go up to once again build up the reserves., In the play, one of the conspiring reporters works for the Rocky Mountain News, though no evidence exists that the paper played any part in the scheme. But doing so allows Suh to exploit one of the longest newspaper rivalries in history, ending with the News' closure in 2009. You needn't have been alive in 1907 to know how intensely these papers feuded. But that year, Bonfils' enmity for News owner Thomas Patterson spilled out into the streets near the state Capitol. In the spirit of a Wild West duel, Bonfils attacked Patterson, who had called Bonfils a blackmailer in a News cartoon. When the teetering News was bought by Cincinnati media company Scripps-Howard and merged with The Express in 1926, Roy Howard spit, "We believe that a dictatorship of Denver's newspaper field by The Denver Post would be nothing less than a blight.", The districts outperformed their peers countywide, posting average Academic Performance Index scores above 860 out of 1,000, performing nearly perfectly on No Child Left Behind goals and recording minimal rates of truancy and misconduct., This city was home to countless groups of sisters. My spirit was formed by the BVMs, Notre Dame de Namur, the Religious of the Sacred Heart., Send e-mail to, ELIZABETH DEMPSEY, 72, DeLand, died Friday. Allen-Summerhill Funeral Home, DeLand., The cigars were often used as gifts for fat-cat donors at cash bashes., --The median age for Hispanics and Asians edged lower -- to 27.4 and 35.3 respectively -- compared to 36.8 for the total population. The median age for blacks was unchanged at 31.3, while whites rose slightly to 41.2, due mostly to an aging boomer population., Casey Kesselheim is fearless., Now, however, with Clinton scheduled to begin high-level talks with senior officials in Beijing on Thursday, the dash to the capital city by self-taught lawyer Chen Guangcheng has pushed the issue to the fore. Unless the situation is resolved quickly, it's likely to become a serious irritant in the United States' relationship with China, the second-largest economy in the world and a crucial stakeholder in matters that range from North Korea's nuclear weapons-development program to sanctions on Iran., A somewhat awkward example of that practice might be Robert S. McNamara, the former Secretary of Defense who's often blamed for the war in Vietnam. His middle initial, honoring his mother's maiden name, stood for Strange. Then there's Richard M. Nixon, whose middle name borrowed from his mother led to the nerdy character of Milhouse on The Simpsons., The idea for a one-stop shop for online giving came from the Minnesota Community Foundation, said Nelson. The foundation concocted the concept, created the business plan and hired Nelson., composite index rose 21.96, or 1 percent, to 2,303.03., Newark spokeswoman Esmeralda Diaz Cameron said the city is not at fault. "The city can not tell an employee what to file," she said. "In addition, the city has over 4,000 employees making it difficult to track one person’s W-4. The city would never knowingly fail to comply with an IRS directive.", "People would still give after telling them that," he said, "believe it or not.", NORTH ORANGE, Drew Westen is a professor of psychology and psychiatry at Emory University and the author of "The Political Brain: The Role of Emotion in Deciding the Fate of the Nation", Her own Hollywood love life grew to include eight husbands – two of them Richard Burton, the great love of her life, who later said, admiringly, that she was “inscrutable… a poem.”, The congregation, which filed for bankruptcy in March to avoid foreclosure, wants the court to punish creditor OneUnited Bank for an alleged improper filing in the case., Instead, the the towns were rated on how many types of recreation activities or facilities they offered. Those with at least eight of the 11 facilities on the survey were awarded the highest rating of five., The new law would allow sales through at least half-time at football games. The Legislature and the University had deadlocked on the issue after U officials planned to only allow drinking in the expensive suites. Legislators, in populous outcry, banned all drinking in the stadium unless folks in the cheap seats were allowed to drink as well., The hammer came down on bogus Birkin bag peddlers yesterday as Hermes won a $100 million judgment against dozens of Web sites selling knockoffs of its luxury handbags and other items., Expect the budget or an accompanying bill to contain language on school choice that further angers teachers unions. If done right, expanding school choice would be a good thing., In restaurants, these are cooked long and slow, often over a double boiler, with some poor little commis standing there sweating and whisking the whole 20 or 30 minutes until the eggs are set. The result is glorious — rich and creamy eggs that are more like a slightly curdled hollandaise than what Andy brings to the counter with a couple of slices of bacon., Medicare fraud has been a hot button issue as federal officials have repeatedly come under fire for seemingly staying one step behind the criminals, using outdated technology and not coordinating efficiently with law enforcement., In a statement, the actor said "I'm looking forward to taking this show on the road and playing for audiences across the country. It's taken me 80 years to get this show right.", The corn, which Monsanto launched in 2003, is engineered to produce a protein, known as Cry3Bb1, derived from a bacterium known as Bacillus thuringiensis, or Bt. The rootworms ingest the roots of this "Bt corn," as it's referred to in the industry, and the protein is fatal., Wroten drove next, missed, got his own offensive rebound and was fouled on the putback attempt with 18.3 to play., At the same time, Kaplan said that the device's one-year design life may limit its effectiveness as a long-term solution to obesity and diabetes. By giving a diabetic's pancreas a year to rest, it may improve a patient's long-term outlook, he speculated. And some patients, he added, may benefit from having the device implanted over and over, with a break in between. But such possibilities have yet to be demonstrated in clinical trials, he cautioned., -- What a fun scene from "L.A. Confidential," with Pearce getting tough and Kevin Spacey getting a laugh out of it. Please click here., Next year's study will run Jan. 1 through mid-April, ending before mothers and calves migrate north in May. Scientists will moor a sound device about the size of a carry-on suitcase a little shy of three miles offshore, due west of Yaquina Head. They plan to program the device so it emits the whoop sound three times a minute during a six-hour stretch each day. Otherwise, it will be silent., Many U.S. citizens killed by cartel members involved cases of mistaken identity or being in the wrong place at the wrong time, he said., Redfern on Tuesday blamed Republicans for the perception that black leaders and Democrats are not on the same page., "A lot of (his) pitches were up over the plate and found the middle of the plate," manager John Farrell said. "It's a very good-hitting team, and you've got to pitch to quality location against a team with that kind of lineup.", Fletcher's campaign manager called Filner a hypocrite because he took millions from special interests during his time in Congress. Also, Bridgepoint contributed $1,000 to Filner's 2010 re-election bid., Event 20 Men 400 Meter Dash, We should all be so lucky, right?, Holmgren depicted a scene in which the Browns' sideline resembled a MASH unit or, at the least, a busy emergency room after a multicar highway accident. Dr. Vernon Williams, medical director of Kerlan-Jobe Center for Sports Neurology in Los Angeles, agreed that an independent neurologist on the sideline could help some. But he said the longer-term solution rests with eradicating "the gladiator mentality you see in the NFL.", In the leading role was Andrew Bynum, exulting in that Glory of Me Moment that some players perform so well, accepting hugs from his Los Angeles Lakers teammates for hitting a 5-foot hook that beat the seventh-place Boston Celtics on national TV., I think they fussed about tortillas too much. If you take your time and allow for resting, as with pizza, the tortilla dough relaxes and becomes easy to work with., “Now I’m responsible for the orientation, education and certification for 70 nurses, but I love it,” said Burrell, RN, CPN., Still, word is the game will go on as scheduled. And if they play the game, then there is possibility and hope for even the most outmanned opponent., Burton said he will flip a coin to determine the order with which he inserts his four quarterbacks. Sophomore Josh Milhollin has used the spring to improve in the passing game but is likely still looking up at junior college transfer Collin Ramirez in the battle to start next fall. Senior Nick Green and redshirt freshman Thomas Carter are also in the mix., 6933 N. Seventh St. Phoenix, AZ. 85014. Phone: 602-264-0700, Other features include LED cabin lighting and a text-to-speech feature that will read your incoming emails to you and allow you to respond with predetermined answers like "I'm running late," "See you in five minutes" and, if your 14-year-old daughter steals your car and the cops email her, "LOL."', Reached this week, Monsen declined comment., <U+0095> Sean Melton, senior, Ponderosa, 126, I sat in my car for a few minutes after class, waiting for my car to warm up and Alicia Keys "Say you'll love me" came on the radio. I'll never be able to listen to that song again without hearing Sandy tell me I should squat lower., Because of kindergarten and other needs, the district added about 1,200 teachers in the next several years after the last levy., Many health promotions save money in the long run by preventing expensive illness., Gemologist, undefeated in five races, is trained by 2010 Derby winner Pletcher, yet he's been overshadowed by the other entrants since arriving late in Louisville and getting most of his training in Florida., Using premium brands of Tequila, like Cazadores®, familiarize yourself with the fine nuances of tequila by conducting a tasting. Serve an ounce at a time at room temperature in white wine glasses., The head of the Better Business Bureau's Wise Giving Alliance, Bennett Weiner, has monitored hundreds of charities. How many keep their financial records secret and their directors under wraps?, "We're the low man on the totem pole," said Johnny Coleman, a member of the Middle East Truth and Reconciliation Council, a community group set up to deal with the developers. "We're gonna get what they give. This group has been screwed royally. The die has been cast.", Spring Open House: 9 a.m.-5 p.m. May 19-20. On Saturday (noon), Advanced Master Gardener Celia Ryker, owner of Hadley Hill Farm and Gardens, will talk about selecting Michigan native plants. On Sunday (noon), Ryker, who is also a Master Woodland Steward, will discuss how to develop a shady woodland garden. Perennials, herbs, annuals and vegetable plants for sale. Specialty Growers, 4330 Golf Club, Howell. Karen Bovio: 517-546-7742. www.specialtygrowers.net., The next morning, our pummeled bodies tell us we have overdone it, so we engage Plan B, perfect for those not-so-great weather or just-plain-tired days (or in-need-of-shopping-therapy days). Plan B is the factory outlet Mecca of North Conway 9 miles away, which offers state-tax-free shopping entertainment at L.L. Bean, Carhartt, J. Crew and all the other usual suspects. We generally start by combing through the hive of great outdoor shops like Ragged Mountain, Eastern Mountain Sport and the technical-gear-oriented International Mountain Equipment., "We'll look at it — we'll react to it," Police Chief Dennis Harrison said. "We would look at anything new and weigh out where it takes us.", A former member of the central executive committee of Siemens AG, Uriel Sharef, and two former chief executive officers of Siemens Argentina were among those charged with conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the wire fraud statute, the Justice Department said. They were also charged with money laundering, conspiracy and wire fraud., Kownacki was removed from the ministry in 1995 after abuse allegations began to surface. A former housekeeper accused him of raping, beating and performing an abortion on her in the 1970s. That case, which alleged Kownacki was quietly shuffled between parishes, was dismissed after the state Supreme Court ruled that it exceeded the statute of limitations., 7.The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest, Stieg Larsson, Knopf, $27.95, "Everybody is counting us out, not to mention what happened to us last year," Lakers forward Matt Barnes said. "We have to come in ready to focus. We believe we have what it takes to win a championship. We just have to show everybody else that.", On the other hand, Dillard said Harbinson's death was not completely stunning because he kept to himself., Right now he's gotten interest from schools like Division II Mars Hill and random junior colleges. Hedrick says he has the grades and that shouldn't be an issue., "That's my face in about 95 percent of my pictures," she said with a grin., Jay Davidson's call for additional government support for the Baltimore Grand Prix ("Grand Prix needs more from city," Dec. 4) begs for a response. He confesses to naivete, poor management practices and heeding bad advice from consultants but believes the problem is the need for additional financial considerations from the city government., "Other towns on the Missouri may have a grander future; I doubt that any has a finer location," Greeley wrote after his 1859 visit., But the exhibits have never been more relevant than today, with the military playing a larger role in the drug war than at any time in its history. Mexican President Felipe Calderon has dispatched 45,000 troops across the country since declaring war on the drug cartels in December 2006., It takes action to create a movement, and you don't have to run for office to make a difference in the lives of women who do., While Hobbs was jailed, prosecutors in Virginia allege, Torrez killed a Navy petty officer in her barracks. He faces trial in that case and is already serving five life sentences for attacks on women in Virginia., Atty. Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. confronted a week of allegations that he had misled Congress about his knowledge of the failed Fast and Furious gun-tracking program, lashing out at his Republican critics and contending that he knew nothing about secret tactics to allow illegal arms sales on the Southwest border., "Here I am, a guy missing both of my arms and my right leg, and I tell people, ‘You need to focus on what you have, not on what you're missing,' " said Montoya, author, motivational speaker and the Padres' manager of Latino Affairs. "Very quickly, I learned that if people stare and point, at least people are going to remember you. And if that's the case, you want to make sure they remember you in a positive way.", And although the two states' boards have access to malpractice claims information from several sources, they don't make it available to the public — unlike the boards in many other states., The World Bird Sanctuary provides live bird performances at 1 and 3 p.m. Sunday in the InterpretiveCentertheater. Lewis and Clark State Historic Site, administered by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency, is located along Illinois Route 3 about three miles north of I-270. Information: www.campdubois.com., U.S. Rep. Rush Holt believes the FBI botched the case from 2001, when anthrax-laced letters were sent from a mailbox in Princeton., 8909 Oneida Ln, $98,900, Leconte: Portland Berth 305, Updated at 7:15 p.m., The jobs bill could help small businesses invest and grow. It would cut the payroll tax in half for employers, and make it easier for businesses to hire. And it would create jobs, building roads and bridges (if we don't stay on top of our roads and bridges it will cost even more money in the end) while preventing up to 280,000 teachers from being laid off. Who would not want to see more Americans put back to work? Families might be better able to put food on their tables for themselves and their children. Why would anyone not choose to have more teachers available to teach their children? Who in their right state of mind would continue to have the rich get richer and the poor get poorer?, Ali also offers sandwiches and entrees, but start with the pizza. And don’t forge to take home some of his killer cannoli., It's also another setback for a Lotus team that has struggled mightily all season., Perhaps that's why we're not very willing to take the risk of starting, or working for, a small business. The Council on Competitiveness, studying the St. Louis economy in 2004, said our biggest weakness was "the lack of a fully supportive entrepreneurial culture.", Many House members believe Pelosi has rationalized the political disaster as a problem of communication or campaign spending by outside groups, without examining the policy choices she made with the White House., Opening doors? It's true that funds saved or restored to libraries may mean deeper, sometimes very painful cuts in other parts of city and county budgets., Such misfires figure to be costly against stiffer opposition, but Maynard would prefer that you consider the entire package. Playing only the first half, he completed 15 of 25 passes for 215 yards and three touchdowns, two of them to a receiver combination (Keenan Allen and Jones) that looks more dangerous by the week., Snow said a settlement that may come out of the negotiations with the Justice Department could make the lawsuit that's scheduled for trial moot., - Stacy & The Skywalkers, Moreover, a report the department commissioned in 2009 found serious fault in how deadly force was used and investigated., McGee was no fan of the "blaxploitation" label that was attached to many of the films featuring black casts in the '70s., The vote came largely along party lines, with 28 of the 30 Republicans voting for the bill and all but two of the Democrats voting against. House Republican Leader Kevin Cameron of Salem switched his vote from yes to no so he could be on the prevailing side. This gave Cameron the right under the rules to serve notice of possible reconsideration and seek another House floor vote on the bill., He also disputes a fundamental underpinning of the war in Iraq, namely that Islamic terrorists must be stopped overseas before they can attack the United States., Legislation that would require counties to take steps to limit the spread of large developments on septic systems — a measure designed to curb bay pollution and sprawl — is on the verge of passage but requires one more vote for final approval., 11645 Larimore Rd, $24,000, Cory Schneider will start in goal instead of Roberto Luongo, the Canucks announced Sunday afternoon. It’s more an effort to shake things up than an indictment of Luongo, but it’s an interesting move by the top-seeded Canucks., So how did the parents of the 5 Browns — a beaming quintet of piano virtuosos who record and perform together with palpable pleasure — beat the odds?, This Sunday, it will be an Atlanta Falcons unit that ranked eighth in passing, 10th in total offense and seventh in points scored utilizing an assortment of options at quarterback Matt Ryan’s disposal., ANSWER: Wisdom teeth (third molars) were necessary eons ago when humans had a coarser diet and larger jaws. With evolution, our jaws have gotten relatively smaller and, in many cases, there isn't enough room for them to erupt fully or into a favorable position. Often, these teeth will only partially erupt, leaving a flap of tissue over a portion of the crown of the tooth. Food and bacteria get under this flap and cause an infection. Even if the teeth fully erupt, they are so far back in the mouth that it is difficult to keep them and the surrounding gums clean and healthy., According to numerous strategists inside and outside the campaigns, the Michigan primary Feb. 28 shapes up as a particularly important contest as Romney tries to fend off a charging Santorum one week before a 10-state night on Super Tuesday., Where: Highland Avenue at Bocana Street., But like nearly all growers, Bailey's company does not offer coverage to the 600 to 700 seasonal workers it hires for about eight weeks each year to pick cherries and pears on its 2,080 acres. It's estimated that as few as 10 percent of farmworkers nationally have health insurance., City governments also have a responsibility to ensure that organizations proposing to open residential facilities within their limits, as Luke-Dorf did in Hillsboro, hold the required license. State law allows cities to request the licensing application of all proposed residential facilities prior to granting planning approval., The scene: The water of Crater Lake creates two islands. The lake's fleet of tour boats lands on Wizard Island, allowing passengers to debark and hike the trial to the summit. The Phantom Ship, the lake's other island, is off-limits to visitors, but the tour boats offer a close-up inspection on the way back to the dock. The Volcano Boat Tours operate daily, from early July through mid-September., 24 Country Club Terrace, $227,000, Aunt Jean Homer is staying with the girls while Dara's parents, Richard and Wanda McLeery of Brooksville are pitching in., 8 p.m. Phoenix at Chicago, CNBC, If a child dies from neglect or endangerment in Minnesota, caregivers can be charged with second-degree manslaughter. Child neglect that results in substantial harm can also be charged as a felony., "I'm very disappointed to leave the city," Jensen said this week. "I think very highly of the city as an organization and as a community. It was difficult for me to leave. The staff is very high caliber, and I was very proud to be a part of that.", Charter, based in Town and Country, is partnering with One Economy, a nonprofit group that provides wireless Internet and other services to public and affordable housing developments in several cities., The 7:30 p.m. championship game Saturday night will pit Phoenix Bourgade Catholic against Winslow., A mountain of research does exist showing how children are often affected by divorce. By and large, children of divorce are more likely than other kids to suffer from depression, delinquent behavior or poor school performance. These harsh realities remain even when parents make all the "right" decisions to help their children through divorce., It got loud., "My guys deserve to be paid above market because we're the sixth largest city in the United States," Buividas said. "It's a dangerous city.", Fairmont, too, is adapting. The landfill will expand again soon, but not on village land. The $2 million yearly payments will dip by half, maybe more. Town leaders are already trimming their budget and looking for new income. An exit off the new Mississippi River bridge may bring development., Her 75-year-old husband collapsed and died at the Statehouse as the lame-duck legislative session drew to a close on Jan. 9., The civil rights group Garden State Equality has been among the most vocal supporters of the law. "With the signing of this bill, New Jersey now takes another step forward as America’s unequivocal leader to stop bullying in our schools," said executive director Steven Goldstein., Pour the Jameson into a highball glass. Add ice and top with cranberry juice. Squeeze in wedges of lime and tangerine. Stir to mix., VISTA DEL LAGO 71, UNION MINE 62, Gwyn did not say whether there was specific evidence of people helping Mayes in Tennessee and Mississippi but added that investigators were still looking into that possibility and anyone found to have helped Mayes would be held responsible., General donations: Send a check to Anthem Salvation Army, 3655 Anthem Way, A109, PMB 107, Anthem, AZ 85086. Make checks payable to the Salvation Army Extension Unit., Southwest Valley officials know the study will show some already easily seen results, including many people coming to follow their favorite baseball teams during spring training., It was not until backup officers arrived that Martin was recognized as a police officer, officials said., A: It makes me laugh when I hear this Def Leppard-sounding record with a guy singing to me about how country he is. I appreciate them wanting to rock as hard as they want, but it's humorous to me that, lyrically, they're screaming about how hot your chick is in your truck., "I've just laid low," she told USA TODAY. "I feel like if you don't have a reason to be out there, why would you want to be? It's certainly part of the job, but unless I have some kind of tie to an event, whether it's promoting a movie I'm in or a product I'm endorsing or a friend that's involved, I'd rather be home.", Clearly, jobs are not yet plentiful, and the challenge facing job-seekers can still be formidable. That’s why the vote Friday by Congress to renew soon-to-be-expiring jobless benefits — as part of the negotiated economic package extending the payroll tax cut — was welcome news for the millions of Americans who remain unemployed., With the 20th century came the introduction of electronic instruments, even now regarded by many as an unacceptable intrusion. However, with the exponential improvement and efficiency of computers and electronics, versus the increased cost of maintaining a collective of 100 musicians in an acoustically flattering concert hall, the electronic world seems more and more like an inviting frontier to explore., The separation rate includes voluntary quits, layoffs and retirements. The quitting rate often serves as a good barometer of a worker's willingness or ability to change jobs. The number of quits in February was 2.1 million, far below the 2.9 million recorded in December 2007 when the recession began., Value of football, Apple sticks to its own timetable. When they show off the iPad 2, they'll be in a position to show off the whole, completed work. The presentation will end with a firm ship date and an invitation to please, by all means, head to the online Apple Store and pre-order it today. Ideally, using whatever money you might have earmarked for an Android 3.0 slate., Though pilots did not declare an emergency, Flight 1425 turned back shortly after taking off and landed around 5 p.m. at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall airport, according to Delta's Eric Torbenson. No injuries were reported., The courts have been a factor. The Supreme Court ruled in January 2010 that corporations and unions could spend money directly on campaigns. That sparked the rise of "super PACs" — which are allowed to raise unlimited sums — and the GOP promptly launched an aggressive campaign for the midterm election. The ruling was a game-changer that will result in hundreds of millions of dollars being spent on behalf of political campaigns next year., DeChristopher is considered a folk hero in the environmental community for sabotaging the auction. He says he plans to continue a life of social activism after prison., Of his decision to join the Stones in 1975, he said, "I always knew I was going to the Stones, but Mick didn't want to break up Faces. I told him to call me if he got desperate. He called one day and said, ‘I am desperate,' the New York Post reports., Romney's campaign released a list of other backers in Ohio, including Attorney General Mike DeWine, former attorney general Betty Montgomery, and former state treasurer Joe Deters., Arda: I think because The Rock is returning for WrestleMania 28, on top of the fact that he is in great shape and certainly has more than a handful of top-level matches left in him, it seems likely more than ever that the "passing of the torch" that many are predicting won't actually happen. For the first time in a larger-than-life WrestleMania main event, we may see interference. Say someone like The Miz costs Cena the match. The Rock wins and is strong going into his next match in WWE when he returns, Cena has a new rivalry to occupy him post WrestleMania, and someone (like Miz) is elevated to main-event level once again. It feels right for something like that to happen. Give me The Rock with a Rock Bottom and the 1-2-3 after some interference by The Miz., Nippon Steel, Japan's No. 1 steel maker with a stock market value of about $23 billion, and its smaller rival worth $12.5 billion said Thursday that they aim to be operating as a single company by October 2012., If we don't start using our own resources and stop trying to be the hero of global warming, we forever will be dependent on other countries for our energy needs. It's time for congressional leaders to stop the EPA from destroying our country from within., Woods won't give joeygolffan@aol.com any information about his swing. He won't tell tigerfan33 what really happened to his game at the Masters., While Hunter was being blinded by the light, Lowe's right fielder, Cunningham, was defying the laws of physics. Angel prospect Mike Trout sent a two-out liner to right in the sixth. Cunningham, moving toward center field, stumbled, slipped and then bounded into the air to make the catch., Here's a sampling of other Bora-Bora hotels, ranging from high-end to low-end. Most have beautiful views and over-water bungalows; all are well-maintained. Travelers to French Polynesia usually can save money by buying resort-and-airfare packages., He told reporters he invested with Madoff three weeks before the scheme collapsed, and “never benefited any other way (different) from any other victim.”, Most restaurants serve salmon fillets, but here diners get a salmon steak ($19.95), bones and all, perched on a pile of sweet corn moistened with chipotle lime butter., CAIRO - Religious authorities in Egypt and Saudi Arabia have declared that Monday will be the start of the holy month of Ramadan - a period devoted to dawn-to-dusk fasting, prayers and spiritual introspection., In the face of mounting public pressure -- and in response to heightened consumer interest in healthy eating -- food manufacturers also have tinkered with their products and their messages. Some efforts include:, Garrett Covington scored a career best 34 points and Tre' Harris added five of his eight points in the second overtime as the Tigers upset East 69-64 in a Southwestern Conference game., Although members of Portland's coffee scene have uttered more than one "it's about time" concerning the event's delayed arrival, they're not holding grudges. For the city's turn as host to the annual conference, they're making sure it's as unforgettable as Portland's coffee scene itself., which would be similar to 2011's performance., "She needed us," says Ann Bennion. "And we needed her, too.", In a 31-hour conference call with the finance ministers of the other 16 countries that use the euro, Greece offered assurances that it had found €325 million in budget cuts in addition to harsh measures that it has already promised., Change things up: What we'd like you to do this week is change the sequence in which you are performing your exercises. For example, if you always do your cardio first, this week do it after your muscle conditioning. Or if you do cardio and muscle conditioning on alternate days, this week try doing both cardio and muscle on the same day., In 2009, Congress authorized a modification program for loans backed by the Federal Housing Administration that included shared appreciation, but the program flopped for a variety of reasons., Surveying the shoreline from a personal watercraft is more accurate than the old method, involving swimmers or divers taking a hand-held pole or wand with a sensor into the water, and someone standing on the shoreline bouncing a laser beam off it to mark locations, Miller said. Plus, it enables the work to be done in much colder weather., Rutgers' sophomore running back, though, has settled on option C., Sure enough, although Green Bay lined up one more player on the opposite side, Mason Crosby shifted the direction of his on-side kick to Paysinger at the last second., For D’Anton Lynn, it just so happens to be at his dad’s workplace., A gas tax increase won't be the only transportation revenue measure on the table this January. The panel is also expected to propose raising vehicle registration fees by 50 percent and doubling vehicle emission testing charges. Why these fees are considered less controversial is a wonder. In 2004, then-Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. persuaded lawmakers to boost biennial registration fees on passenger cars from $81 to $128 and on sport utility vehicles and trucks from $108 to $180 and was toasted as a pro-business conservative Republican., Louisville is home to plenty of originals that liven up a visit to Kentucky's largest city, best known for a 2-minute sporting event., "I think we're madder about losing this one than as excited as we were about winning Game 1 because we felt like we came out with the right mentality," All-Star guard Chris Paul said. "We hit first and stuff like that. But it just didn't work in our favor.", LITTLE BLACK DRESS FUNDRAISER: The Little Black Dress Fundraiser for Susan G. Komen for the Cure St. Louis is from 5 to 7 p.m. Sept., Thursday, May 2, through Saturday, May 4, 2013 (Allen Theatre): Lucky Plush performs “The Better Half.”, That may not fly with small businesses wary of any association with the movement, which presents itself as pushing back against corporate power., Unclassified employees, including managers and members of the executive's cabinet, are not affected by the ban. Neither are council members in suburbs with nonpartisan elections., Squire Sanders & Dempsey said Wednesday it was cutting associate pay by 10 percent, dropping first-year salaries from $130,000 to $117,000, beginning Friday. The change will affect associates in Europe and Asia a month later so the firm can comply with employment laws in those jurisdictions., The NLD participated in elections on April 1 for the first time since 1990, when it won a landslide victory that was promptly annulled by the army., Spearmon was among a select group of potential 2012 Olympians who thrilled a sellout crowd of 14,504 at Drake Stadium., Before students begin each week’s challenge, the group engages in a brief discussion to talk about topics affecting today’s generation of boys., "In '08, nothing worked," the 2005 NL Cy Young Award winner recalled. "Here, my arm is strong, my shoulder's strong. The only thing that's not strong is my rotator cuff. We need to make it strong.", Dear Wife: I assume your husband kept this a secret from you because he knew he was being sneaky and he was too cowardly to risk disclosing this expenditure to you -- presumably because he knew he would have to have a challenging conversation about it., New York rallied from a 3-2 series deficit for just the second time., In a far riskier move, the director, working with screenwriter John Logan ("Gladiator," "The Aviator"), has chosen to stay with the syntax of the play while updating the rest of the production, which is both the charm and the challenge of "Coriolanus." But if you give yourself over to that clash of style and sensibility, something magical happens as the power, the prescience and the precision of Shakespeare's words take hold of modern problems., The scheduling of the Nebraska game, in the Cornhuskers' second season as a Big Ten member, is no surprise. The Buckeyes' visit to Lincoln last season, a 34-27 loss on Oct. 8, was a night game, also., To close a budget gap, Walker proposed stripping public employee unions, except police and fire departments, of much of their collective bargaining rights. Employees would only be able to bargain about their wages, but their wages would also be capped to follow the Consumer Price Index., She had moved into the district on December 29, 2010, said her attorney, Bill Tambussi – just under two months short of the one year residency requirement. Tambussi added that she had also worked in the district as chief of staff to Gloucester Township Mayor David Mayer since January, 2010., “I waited for a store here (Windsor Green) to become available because there’s a Whole Foods supermarket in the shopping center, and the Whole Foods customer is our kind of customer,” said Parente of his latest suburban, affluent location., Many windows are protected with iron bars and almost every resident owns a gun., "There's a real spirit of helping out your neighbor," Barnes said, "because everybody knows everybody.", The men fill orders and drive the company truck for deliveries throughout the St. Louis area. The company also mails small orders to individual customers across the nation. The website is, Tony Goodwin, 18, of Bedford: Trial postponed on charges of aggravated murder, murder and firing a gun near a building. Prosecutors say Goodwin fatally shot DeWayne Rhym, 20, of Cleveland, March 18, 2011, in the 5900 block of Broadway in Cleveland., "They don't want it 20 rows behind them or 20 rows in front of them, because that causes a lot of anxiety," Craver says., "I just like knowing where my food comes from, so it's nice to meet the people that are growing it," Wilhelm said. "(The farmers' market) is a Boulder institution, so it's fun for social reasons, too.", At the outset of the hearing, Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg, D-Sacramento, who chairs the committee, cited numerous financial and leadership scandals, exposed in a series of Bee investigations., No. 20 ASU (29-17, 14-10) trails Pac-12-leading No. 10 Oregon (34-14, 16-8) by two games with six conference games remaining. The Sun Devils are in third place, a half-game behind No. 11 Arizona (30-15, 13-8) and finish their season in Tucson, May 25-27., Fischer's partner told the Post-Dispatch that the couple's relationship was not a secret at St. Ann's, and that Fischer was fired after a representative of the archdiocese overheard him talking to co-workers about his wedding plans., 9-11:30 a.m. Sunday, June 24. Buckeye Woods Park, 6335 Wedgewood Road, Medina. Includes raffle and memorial service with the Rev. Beth McGuire, blessing of the pets, tribute walk. Raffle proceeds benefit local pet-rescue organizations. Registration required. Go to rainbowbridgewalk.com., "Everybody on the job seems to have one now," said Kathy Garger., 23520 Church St., $50,000, Required boat check reading:, Trevor Brazile, the reigning five-time world champion all-around cowboy, is favored by many to capture the Round-Up's All-Around Champion title. Brazile, a Decatur, Texas, team roper and tie-down roper, won $34,000 in two weekends last month alone., By contrast, Washington added 2,100 jobs last month, including 1,400 in manufacturing., After turning around near the Tappan Zee Bridge, the plane traveled south again and provided a picture-perfect view as it flew over the W Hotel. The aircraft then made a few passes around the Statue of Liberty before heading to JFK., "It's enjoyable both ways, but I kind of like doubles because your partner is rooting you on," he said., With the score tied, 21-21, Cleveland had possession deep in Jacksonville territory in the final minute. On third-and-goal, Dutton was intercepted in the end zone, but a holding call against Jacksonville nullified the play. Given another chance, Dutton found Goodman from two yards with 11 seconds left for the 28-21 advantage., "What I saw today is nothing new," Ms. Cunningham said. "It's business as usual. It's always putting government personnel above kids. It's not putting kids at the back of the bus; it's putting them under the bus and running over them.", Hogarth Circle, unit block, at 8:07 a.m. April 28. Man robbed at gunpoint of cash, cigarettes and lighter by two men. Men ran away., Per serving: 194 calories; 7g fat ( 2g sat, 3g mono ); 33mg cholesterol; 30g carbohydrates; 5g protein; 2g fiber; 208mg sodium; 119mg potassium., A family member of the Reckleins said early Wednesday that Nevenner was a cousin., Reynolds, now 37, had worked on John Edwards' successful U.S. senate campaign in 1998 and had quickly bonded with his wife. Both women grew up in military families and had moved around a lot as children. Reynolds worked as the research director and a senior communications adviser to the 2008 presidential campaign and recently joined the board of the educational foundation named for Elizabeth Edwards, who died in December of 2010., 7205, Kathleen Rafish, Portland, 4:12:51., SIERRA 14, SANTA ROSA 1 (5), A merit-based pay system would be established . If workers are laid off, length of employment could not be the only factor under consideration., "Illegal immigration is ranked one, two and three in the district. It was surprising even to me," Kelly said., Like all evacuees, the Monmas aren’t allowed to visit their homes due to continuing radiation leaks. They’re applying for unemployment benefits. They hope for compensation from Tokyo Electric Power Co., the nuclear-plant owner. But Tepco hasn’t made its intentions clear., In total, the division will spend $118 million in its current, two-year budget. That includes $105 million for operating costs, $9 million for capital construction and $3 million for capital improvements., Chrysler sales were up 13 percent, a hair behind Ford's increase. Most of the company's Chrysler-brand vehicles declined during the month, but Dodge was flat and Jeep posted big gains., LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Trainer Kelly Breen holds out hope My Adonis will run in the Kentucky Derby on Saturday., Similarly, car-to-roadside communication can make sure a car stays centered in the lane, and it can link a car to an upcoming stoplight. Then an onboard computer can ensure the car not only does not run the red light, it can display the speed the driver should maintain to arrive at the light at the next green cycle, saving gas., Under the Kohl’s Cares for Kids Program, Children’s Specialized Hospital Foundation has received assistance for programs that educate the public about the special needs of children with these challenges. Since 1999, Kohl’s has donated nearly $1.5 million to Children’s Specialized. In addition, Kohl’s employees have generously volunteered their time and effort at events for our young patients., Cascade's share price fell $2.52 today, 7.3 percent, to close at $32.21 before the company announced quarterly results. It was unchanged in after-hours trading., Many reports are expected to land late Tuesday night, while the political class is busy digesting the results of Florida’s primaries. But the filings by the early birds are already underscoring the close ties between the putatively independent organizations and the candidates they back., That may seem draconian. The kids should come first, right?, The statute also requires counties to give "any other" public information about the voter that is electronically maintained by the county, city or town clerk, as well as "all data" relating to permanent and non-permanent early voters, including their ballot requests and ballot returns., 2 cups tomatoes, a mix of yellow and orange varieties, Ruth Godines said she was not home when her husband was hurt. He made his way back to his garage and was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. She said the fire department hosed blood off of her neighbor's driveway and her driveway, but blood still stains the couple's garage floor., At the Super Bowl party I attended yesterday, the host greeted us by saying: "No, I'm not over it. Yes, I'm still bitter. Beer and wings are over there.", Although the White House, the Pentagon, the CIA and the media view Brody as a sensational feel-good story, Carrie is troubled by some unsettling feelings. What if Brody is the prisoner of war who has been turned?, Their rendezvous at the bar is the first time Peggy and Cat Boy have met, as Peggy's invited him to accompany her to a swanky party she's catering at the Venezuelan Consulate. As first dates go, that sure beats the heck out of meeting for a half-caff latte., LUNCH PROGRAM If you are 60 or over and could use a good nutritional lunch visit Monday through Friday at noon for a suggested donation of $3. A variety of social activities take place before lunch. Anyone under the age of 60 is welcome but there is a mandatory price of $4.50., Central Precinct, 29. Jack Gregory, DE, 1966, 9/139, Delta State, 1967-71, 1979. A superb pass rusher who made second-team all-pro twice. Gregory and backup cornerback Freddie Summers were traded to the Giants for first- and second-round picks in the 1973 draft. The Browns spent the first-rounder on wide receiver Steve Holden, who totaled 62 career catches, but got star running back Greg Pruitt with the second pick., The Indians scored perhaps their most impressive win of the year so far with Tuesday's 8-5 win over non-conference opponent Fort Zumwalt East. They followed it up with a six-inning blowout Wednesday against Parkway North., In between, Rouse retired from the Rouse Company in the 1980s to devote time to a nonprofit foundation, and he died in 1996. The Rouse Company was acquired in 2004 by General Growth Properties, which later split into General Growth and the Howard Hughes Corp., Then there is "Painting in Parts" at Maryland Art Place, which exerts its own pull. Put together by consulting curator Michael Klein, the show is a good fit for the spacious galley., GM has said the Volt fires could have been prevented by draining the battery after the crashes, which the automaker promises to send engineers to do after any real-world crash. The fires could have started from coolant that leaked in the punctured battery and interacted with electronics, GM spokesman Rob Peterson has said., No. 587: Sept. 11, 2010, Cleveland, Justin Germano, Indians. Becomes eighth -- the position he still holds -- on the all-time career home run list, passing Frank Robinson, with a 12th-inning homer; Twins win, 1-0., “I didn’t think it would be this cold,” she said, grabbing her friend and squeezing as hard as she could., FEBRUARY 2010, "What we know is that 3,000 Americans die every year from preventable food-borne illnesses that are not linked" to mad cow disease, said Sarah Klein of the consumer advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest. "Things like E. coli, salmonella — that's where we should be focusing our attention, outrage and policy.", The residents of the home were alerted by neighbors and everyone escaped unharmed, Taylor said., "September is just a very full month for us and I think it is important for us to take in everything we have learned during that month, correct the little mistakes we have been making and stay intense. We aren't playing every night anymore, so it is tough to keep the girls excited about playing.", Coming off a wave election of their own in 2010, Republicans need to add only four Senate seats (three, if they win the White House) to regain the majority. First-termers like Brown are prime targets, especially if they're also from states like Ohio, where President Barack Obama's approval ratings are underwater. Brown's unapologetic liberalism and often zealous partisanship make him an especially inviting target. In 34-year-old Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel, the GOP has a challenger with a strong personal story, little public record to attack, a proven ability to raise money and a willingness -- shown in 2010 -- to do whatever it takes to win., 11624 Herefordshire Dr, $22,000, 8 p.m. Super welterweights: Floyd Mayweather vs. Miguel Cotto, Pay-per-view, Art Spinella, president of survey company CNW Research in Bandon, Ore., said many Toyota dealers are in for a shock., 4 cups thinly sliced, peeled apples (4 medium), So to consistently avoid happening upon such inadvertent success . . . well, that is an achievement unto itself., During the last six months, Palin has almost exclusively addressed pro-gun groups, small Christian schools and antiabortion advocates, an examination of her engagements shows. Rarely has she accepted offers from groups outside her socially conservative constituency -- though she made an exception Thursday when she spoke to an influential Long Island business group., Ameristar Casinos, which has properties in both the St. louis and Kansas City markets, released an updated study today saying Cape is the best spot in the state, because a casino there wouldn't steal much business from competitors. Troy Stremming, the company's senior vice president for governmental relations, testified against both St. Louis proposals at Tuesday's hearing., Commission President David Israel said he and other panel members did not know about Lederkramer's raise or smaller ones given to other Coliseum employees, which were also canceled., Cliff is expected to perform, too. It's unclear if ABBA (whose members haven't performed together since the 1980s) or Genesis (minus original singer Peter Gabriel, who will not attend because he's preparing for a tour) will mark the occasion with any songs., "We have already indicted one, so I am not their favorite guy," Arpaio said in Houston, drawing laughter. "The county has cut my budget $35 million just for spite. But I'm still locking them all up. I have ways to get the job done.", For Salatin, the creation of a government-backed national organic standard has polluted the term. Wouldn't that put him at odds with otherwise like-minded locavores in Oregon Tilth country? Not really., Bruce made a long toss of the guitar and tech Kevin Buell may have made his best catch ever. The guitar sailed far to the side on a long toss and Kevin had to really hustle to catch it. When he did, even Bruce stopped and clapped for him. "The wind took it!" Bruce joked about his bad throw., Minus one, for now. But he'll be back., She still wants to remain involved and is considering sharing emceeing duties with Murro in a dual effort to promote her support for the Emmanuel Cancer Foundation, a charity that would have been her platform were she to remain as a contestant, and to repair damaged relationships with contestants sure to be offended by this story, before encountering them again at New Jersey Fashion Week possibly coming to Hoboken later this fall., When appellate judges decide a court case, they produce opinions outlining the judicial precedent and the reasoning behind their decision., The Lake County state's attorney's Special Investigations Division conducted interviews, reviewed documents and videotapes, and determined on Jan. 23 that no criminal charges should be filed in Gruber's death, said Christen Bishop, chief of the division., I know you've spent time at LaGuardia in New York, LAX in Los Angeles, O'Hare in Chicago. Hopkins is one of the easiest airports in the country to negotiate. Plus, if you show up late for a flight (and don't have a loaded handgun in your carry-on bag like a certain football player I won't mention, mainly because he's big enough to chew me up and spit out Kibbles & Bits), you're probably still going to make your flight., In more formal remarks to students later in the day, he raised some eyebrows after suggesting that students "take risks" -- and even borrow money from their parents -- to help improve their economic fortunes by finishing their education., Karr, whose youngest daughter, Rebecca, is best friends with Kayla Allen, said the fund is getting calls from people who've never met the family, but still want to help by donating money or a gift basket., Kings goalie Jonathan Quick is a finalist for the Vezina Trophy, set a franchise record with a league-leading 10 shutouts and had a 1.59 goals-against average in the first round while allowing just eight goals in 172 shots. He shut out the Blues twice in the regular season, the last time a 1-0 shootout victory March 22 at Los Angeles., And, Daiutolo said, “it does not impact street delivery at all.”, Hey, Paul: One example is Atlanta. The Falcons were 4-12 in 2007 and in disarray after the Michael Vick dogfighting scandal and the desertion of coach Bobby Petrino. After cleaning house, the Falcons went 11-5 in 2008, 9-7 in 2009, 13-3 in 2010 and 10-6 in 2011. They made the playoffs the past two years for the first time in back-to-back seasons., The Wallace talks came after the Blazers came up empty in their pursuit of New Jersey point guard Devin Harris, who was surprisingly involved in a package deal early Wednesday morning with Utah for Deron Williams., DISTURBANCE, OVERLOOK ROAD: Two former female roommates engaged in a verbal fight the afternoon of April 25 after one returned to the residence to retrieve personal items., NEWARK — A 36-year-old Newark man was sentenced to at least nine years in prison this morning for his role in a 2009 Sussex County bank robbery, officials said., The company has also pledged to reserve 70 percent of jobs on the boat and in the company's Memphis headquarters for local residents as part of a deal with Memphis Mayor A C Wharton Jr., who helped secure a $10 million loan from the city and $15.5 million in private investment for the venture, said Krida. The boat is expected have an economic impact worth tens of millions of dollars in Memphis alone., The hospital discharged Evan the following day, sending him home with the first of seven anti-seizure medications he would eventually try, including valproic acid, vigabatrin, vitamin B6, Trileptal, Topomax, Keppra and adrenocorticotropic hormone, or ACTH, sometimes given to seizure-prone children who don't respond to other drugs., And nearly 40 years later to my former science teacher, I would like to say thank you for standing up for me., Robin Carnahan's 14-point loss in the U.S. Senate race to Republican Roy Blunt affected many down-ticket races - including Montee's contest for state auditor, which she lost to Republican Tom Schweich. Some Democrats blame Carnahan. But others look to Nixon, who mostly kept his war chest - and his opinions - to himself., THEFT, SLATER DRIVE: Someone on April 11 stole a pistol from a house in the 6000 block., Interested persons or churches can contact Sue Sonnenberg at s.sonnenberg@cox.net., Aruba boasts a variety of restaurants serving international cuisine including Mathilde (French, on Havenstraat 23) and Cuba's Cookin' (Cuban specialties, on Wilhelminastraat 27). Seafood dishes including red snapper are served at the Waterfront Crabhouse (Renaissance Marketplace, L. G. Smith Boulevard). For burgers, drinks and a party atmosphere, there is Carlos 'n' Charlie's and a SeAƒÂƒA<U+0082>Â±or Frogs (on Westraat).AƒÂ<U+0082>A<U+0082>Â AƒÂ<U+0082>A<U+0082>Â, Prosecutor Scott Pirrello says Ramirez took his three kids and their mother to Mount Hope Cemetery on Saturday to visit his uncle's grave, where he said it was time to "go to heaven.", Antonio Santiago, 26, of Bloomfield Street, told police he did not take the phone, reports said. When police called the victim's cell phone, it rang in Santiago's right coat pocket, reports said., According to Dave DeBlasio, a former administrator in and current critic of the Houston system who now runs the popular blog houstonisdwatch.com under the pseudonym Judd Bingle, Dance has been criticized in the past for missing a large number of work days and "not necessarily being truthful" in matters regarding firings in the system., Position: Second violinist., Mainstream banks avoid the "payday loan" title, perhaps because of the stigma. They call their transactions "advances" on direct deposits and argue that they're not subject to the bans in a variety of states because national bank standards override state laws., Eat: Family run Ristorante Paoletti serves up the finest Northern Italian cuisine in an old world atmosphere. Dinner menus are printed daily featuring house-made pastas, steaks, chops, fowl and the area's freshest coastal seafood. Pasta dishes from $18.95; other entrees $27-$36; 440 Main St., 828-526-4906, www.paolettis.com., Bloomfield Voice, created by Lahser High School junior Michael Banerian, is leading the charge against the $56 million bond proposal that voters will decide on May 8., Aloha food may be tasty, but it can be salty and high in fat and carbs. To balance our 20-under-$20 list, we visited Well Bento, where healthful meals are the only thing on the menu. This tiny takeout joint isn't much to look at -- a small kitchen on the second floor of a commercial building -- but beautiful plates of organic fruits, vegetables, seafoods and tofu are produced inside Tod Brown's hole-in-the-wall eatery. Try the grilled salmon plate, served with salad and brown rice ($9.30) or the Zen macrobiotic ($8), a vegetarian plate with boiled root vegetables., He says it frustrates him to see doctors who don't play by the rules of good health., Maggie Bick, of St. Louis, a Missouri delegate to the National Right-to-Life Committee, said she and others had established firm goals for this year, all of them related to the coming elections: "Hold the House, secure the Senate and win the White House.", When he let her go to the bathroom, she saw a body wrapped in plastic. It had no head., $10: Buys a 90-day supply of medication., Yezerski, who has been living in Hoboken for three years, was inspired to write and illustrate a nonfiction book for kids five and up called, “Meadowlands: A Wetlands Survival Story.”, Macau, Two of Williams' UNC assistants, Jerod Haase and C.B. McGrath, played for him at Kansas., "Oh yes, that's the first thing I did, when I started thinking how to make this space more personal. I blocked off that entrance that doesn't work, and it doesn't need and opened up the smaller side doors at the north and south... I want the volume of air in the Grand Palais to speak by itself. That's exactly the idea.", "I didn't used to think of it as an everyday type of dining experience," said Kwon, a production manager for a clothing maker. "We like things to be more casual — sitting at the bar, having a couple of drinks with our meal. That's why it was freakin' fantastic that they did this.", LOS ANGELES <U+0097> Jack Wagner remains among "The Bold and the Beautiful," but his time on "Dancing With the Stars" is done., Corsaut emailed: "I would be the only player who can rip a drive 320 down the middle then rifle a 2-iron to 2 feet for eagle on a par 5; then on the next hole, slice one into the woods, chop it out near the green, shank a wedge into a bunker, take two to get out, then three-putt for a quad." Our kind of self-deprecating player., No. 1 Telecommunications Yellow Jackets, Though Kaptur benefits from the influx of hometown constituents, parts of Lorain County that she represents today were moved into the 4th District with western Ohio areas currently represented by Republican Jim Jordan. Notably missing are Amherst and Oberlin. And Elyria, which Sutton represents today, was slated to go into the new 9th District under a map approved in September. But the final version places Elyria in the 4th., Sam Kempf (four kills) and Kevin Graeler (13 assists) stood out for Parkway North., Plain Dealer reporters Donald Rosenberg and John Soeder contributed to this story., The Astoria Bridge could fail, blocking the Columbia shipping channel, which itself could cave in underwater, said Nason McCullough, a CH2M Hill geotechnical engineer in Corvallis also on the team., The self-imposed regulations, announced Thursday, would give companies time to make adjustments. Under the plan, the recipes of about one-third of all food and beverages marketed to children would have to change as of Dec. 31, 2013, if they are to continue being advertised., Credit Suisse retail analyst Gary Balter said he was encouraged by what he heard from Sears executives. But he still thinks Sears is at a disadvantage to its competitors over the long term, in part because of its store locations., The homer let Wilson avoid becoming the first pitcher to lose four times in a single postseason. The eccentric lefty who alternates red and blue gloves between starts had another uneven outing, working around five walks., Coach Kim Mulkey tells the Associated Press that the 6-foot-8 All-American center will be in a cast for four weeks., "The trick is you've got to move it from windy parts of the country to where the population centers are," said Mark Lawlor, director of development for Clean Line Energy Partners LLC, the company planning the project., When informed of the tweet on the 140-character messaging service Twitter late Wednesday night, Goodwin rose to her feet on the Senate floor to complain., The research, reported Sunday, is one of the first long-term studies to test the effectiveness of drugs for diabetic children—estimated in the U.S. to number in the tens of thousands. It tested three different drug-based regimens aimed at controlling the disease and found that only about half the participants successfully controlled their blood sugar—despite relatively good compliance., Jeff Fisher was only too happy to throw cold water on pre-draft rumors that the Rams were trying to trade Steven Jackson, the team's three-time Pro Bowler at running back., Between 1990 and 2007, when U.S. maritime trade peaked as the recession took hold, there was a fourfold increase in containerized trade through the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach. In the process, the two San Pedro Bay ports became the nation's busiest maritime gateway. Container traffic through the Port of Oakland, meanwhile, more than doubled., <U+FFFD><U+FFFD>Opposed: 34 percent., On Wednesday night, Obama will present the songwriting duo of Burt Bacharach and Hal David with the Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song. In the 1960s and beyond, their work produced some of the most popular music for movies, television and recording artists., Wild sockeye are a distinctive salmon, smaller than chinook and coho, feeding on plankton in lakes and the ocean and turning bright red before spawning. They thrive by the millions in Alaska and British Columbia, but they've struggled in the Northwest., Lt. Tina Strange, a deputy jailer at the detention center, did not know who the men's attorneys were. She said they were each being held on $7,600 bond., Todd Kinney, one of the shelter’s biggest volunteers, will be honored at the event., Kolster said efforts have been hampered by the higher costs of alternative energy. He said businesses also are leery of incentive dollars, which they fear will come with regulatory strings such as increased scrutiny, mandatory federal contracting guidelines and minority business requirements. At the same time, smaller startups eager to grab the federal money often lack the resources and expertise needed to secure the funds., Hip pain is nothing new for Aldridge, which may explain his desire to seek a third medical opinion about his condition. In 2005, as a freshman at the University of Texas, Aldridge had surgery to repair torn cartilage in his left hip. And last season, on Jan. 24, Aldridge underwent an MRI on his right hip after experiencing pain during a game., "It's very good to see that ADOT's efforts to work with the Gila River Indian Community is bearing fruit," U.S. Rep. Harry Mitchell, D-Tempe, said., RC: In Europe, were you surprised by the reception?, The ban would have prohibited the sale of sweets in schools during the school day and 30 minutes before and after the start of classes. But parents and some school officials panned the ban, saying it would make it harder to raise needed cash to help pay for activities at the schools., CHILDBIRTH ONE-DAY COURSE: 8:30 a.m.-5 p.m. March 10, HealthWise Center, suite 117, Professional Building I, 6 Jungermann Circle, Barnes-Jewish St. Peters Hospital campus. Designed to help expectant parents prepare for birth of their baby. Cost $100 per couple (includes lunch). To register, call 636-928-9355., Large amusement parks such as Holiday World and Kings Island offer longer and wilder rivers, but Plainfield's is among the largest at municipally operated aquatics centers, Chafin said., Golden Gate has invested in restaurant chain California Pizza Kitchen Inc., retail brandPacific Sunwear of California Inc.and nutrition companyHerbalife Ltd., 96hours., Albert Giuliani, the attorney for the managed care company, told The Plain Dealer earlier this month: "We did nothing wrong.", "We had no money and we were begging, borrowing and I hesitate to say stealing, that would be the wrong place, but ... that's the way we were operating,'' Ryan said, according to a transcript of his formal interview with the Legislative Auditor's Office., The governor's office on Tuesday reaffirmed his support., Romney is unlikely to score a knockout blow in the next few contests. In fact, he seems likely to lose Saturday in Kansas, and again Tuesday in Mississippi and Alabama. Wednesday's message was an attempt to pre-empt those losses by laying out the logic of inevitability., Shannon Banner, a spokeswoman for the Michigan State Police, said the law does not require motorcycle operators to carry proof of the medical coverage, proof they have had their motorcycle endorsement for two years or proof they have completed a safety course., Industry sales in April were expected to increase from a year ago because of declining unemployment, pent up demand, improving consumer confidence, unseasonably warm weather and strong fleet sales, even though overall economic growth slowed during the first three months of the year., Chef David Slay loves to leave the roots attached to lettuces. It gives the greens an appealing, just-picked appearance, but requires devotion to proper washing. In this dish he uses roots-on mache, a dark green lettuce that clusters in small loose heads. Bright green and tender, the delicate leaves have pronounced sweetness and subtle nuttiness. Sometimes it is labeled “lamb's lettuce,” a name acquired due to the leaf's resemblance to the shape of a lamb's tongue. It is sold in cellophane bags at Trader Joe's., Matt Bahr's conversion gave the Browns a 7-6 lead, and Houston's defense was never the same., Doug McKean, the deputy labor commissioner under both Avakian and his predecessor, Dan Gardner, said that Avakian has typically spent more time in the office than did Gardner., Harper skipped his final year of high school, earned his GED, then played one season of junior college baseball at the College of Southern Nevada to become eligible for the draft and get a head-start on his professional career. He signed a five-year, $9.9 million contract, including $6.5 million in signing bonuses, with the Nationals in August 2010., Pools on the road to Hana: As you can see from this list, I prefer the lush, rainy, green parts of Hawaii. The twisting, slow road to Hana on the eastern end of Maui passes by several pools fed by waterfalls. It’s an idyllic swimming hole for the adventurous able to withstand the cold. The pools come with their own dangers – slippery rocks (my wrist once took a whacking), waterborne illness and sudden flash floods that can turn a gentle waterfall into a thundering torrent. At least look, even if you don’t touch., I was reading Jim Fox's column this morning. I really enjoy his comments, but he forgot one important game we used to play in the alley, and I'm surprised it went past him. It's called "bottle caps." Maybe he was from the more affluent neighborhood that didn't have taverns on the corner. We played around Cherokee and Iowa. There was a tavern on every corner, and we used to go around collecting bottle caps. Then there were guys who could throw the bottle caps, and we hit them with a broomstick. We had the same rules as corkball. But he forgot that., Companies that focus solely on output will create a workforce that is motivated by fear of job loss instead of by loyalty and pride. That may work for the remainder of the downturn, but as soon as the recovery begins, the company will undoubtedly experience heavy turnover., Jim Duggan vs. Hunico never really started or ended, It's not enough to have a good law, you have to follow it, says Rodolfo Saragoni, the University of Chile's top seismic engineer., Nicholas Neberieza, 29, of Lawrence, is facing multiple felony charges of dealing with controlled substances and two counts of driving while being a habitual traffic violator, a Carmel Police Department news release said., Her column has appeared in the Chicago Sun-Times since 2001. She is a frequent commentator on National Public Radio and Chicago Public Radio. She has also written a column for the Chicago Tribune. In 1985 Washington was appointed deputy press secretary to Mayor Harold Washington, Chicago's first black mayor. She also served as a producer for the investigative unit at CBS-2/Chicago, correspondent for "Chicago Tonight" on WTTW-TV, and wrote an op-ed column for the Chicago Tribune., In March, a judge ruled for the company, temporarily halting a strike as not in the national interest because Carlsberg Beer is "vitally essential," according to a report from the Daily Telegraph. The ruling thus put the brew in the same legal category as medical supplies. A British labor union official said, "This is probably the most ridiculous decision in the world.", A suspected gang member who reportedly held up a father loading his kids into a car Saturday night in South San Francisco probably thought he'd gotten away with it after disappearing into the darkness., Which Cascadia Cup team do you dislike more? The Seattle Sounders or the Vancouver Whitecaps? Do you have nicknames for the teams?, Copeland argued that in the Webster Groves case, St. Louis County Circuit Court Judge Barbara Wallace denied the school district a hearing before ordering in June that King-Willmann be immediately enrolled. He told the justices that the case 'should not even be before you" and that the district should have been afforded a hearing so it would have had the opportunity to present evidence key to its case., Take oil, for example. With no less than 1.79 trillion barrels of proven reserves available in North America, we can put gas in every passenger car in the United States for the next 30 years. Iran and the other OPEC nations combined only have half that amount., There are times when she has to miss class because she has to prick her finger to check her blood sugar or go with her mother to Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center for checkups., The first clinical trial to test the effects of resveratrol -- the plant compound plentiful in red wine and grapes -- on humans has found that a small daily dose of a purified resveratrol supplement lowered blood pressure and improved a wide range of human health measures in a small group of obese men., "The summer merchandise sales season has only just gotten underway, and we think sales could easily return to previous levels" by the Japanese Golden Week holiday between April 29 and May 5, Nomura Securities analyst Masafumi Shoda wrote in a research note., 4622 Misty Leaf Ln, $150,000, Federal prosecutors in Baltimore formed the Human Trafficking Task Force in 2007 to combat the growing problem of people transporting women across state lines for prostitution. Since then, more than two dozen cases have been prosecuted, including a case in Annapolis that started with an investigation into a fatal shooting and led to allegations of forced prostitution in brothels in Easton and Annapolis., If you're looking for extra protection against swine flu, remember that not all health products live up to their ad copy. The Healthy Skeptic investigated four products that supposedly ward off the flu. The short story: We haven't really come all that far from the days of flu-fighting magnets., Hey, David: I would agree with you. It's a reasonable view of the current state of the team., Junior ranger activity Colorado National Monument in Fruita is unveiling a new Junior Ranger activity booklet for kids ages 5-12. The booklet is available at the CNM Visitor Center. Once kids have completed the required activities (usually takes 1 1/2 to 2 hours to complete), they can return to the visitor center where a park ranger reviews their work and awards them an official Junior Ranger badge and certificate. Info: 970-858-3617 or nps.gov/com/., It stoops to the cliche of Fey and Poehler getting all dolled up and heading to a nightclub, a nightclub scene we've seen maybe 17,000 times on screen. And they ad the super slo-mo strutting-like-hot-babes pre-club moment., After regional champs are named in 10 different geographical locations, the sandwiches will then compete in the show<U+0092>s finals., Availability: Coppermine wines are sold principally at the winery's tasting room just outside Murphys, but the cabernet sauvignon also is stocked by WineSmith in Placerville., Balfour's attorneys proposed an alternate theory: that someone else in the crime-ridden neighborhood on Chicago's South Side targeted the family because of alleged crack-cocaine dealing by Jennifer Hudson's brother, Jason Hudson. During the 30 minutes in which they called just two witnesses, however, they presented no evidence to support that theory., 1795 SW 144th Ave; 1,496 square feet; on 6/30/2011 for $299,079, “I’m not thinking about that series at all now,” said Lundqvist. “I’m just focusing on this series and the next game, that’s all., "But I'm torn because I enjoy doing the show so much," he told Wallace. "A lot of people have been telling me, 'Alex, you've got to go for at least 30. You've just done 28. Now, at least do two more.' So that has a nice ring to it. Put in your 30 and go help people.", 561 Valencia St., San Francisco; (415) 487-1600 or bartartine.com. Dinner Tuesday-Sunday; brunch weekends., "These are not shoes that fell out neatly from somebody's bag right next to each other," James Delgado, the director of maritime heritage at the National Oceanic and Atmosphere Administration, told the Associated Press in a phone interview., In a brief interview with this paper a few days after Kinkade's death, however, Pinto-Walsh said that Kinkade had "died in his sleep, very happy, in the house he built, with the paintings he loved and the woman he loved.", On Wednesday, Hall said the district can’t risk tarnishing the reputations of innocent school staff by jumping to conclusions., Bowman, who plans to keep teaching at the Erikson Institute, encouraged new district administrators to continue investing in early childhood. And she said her eight years at the district taught her "there is no quick fix.", Located opposite government buildings and an easy stroll to restaurants, pubs, shopping, museums and a variety of sightseeing options, a stay at The Merrion is an opportunity to experience the best of Georgian Dublin., 1 frozen spinach souffle, thawed (such as Stouffer's), "It's a formal way we're committing to change and evolving with the digital ecosystem we are in," said Marc Jensen, vice president of technology., His conferences and training budget is approved, as are all budget line items, by the City Council. When Ogden has gone over his budget, the city has moved money around to accommodate him, as the other council members simply don't use their appropriated amount., "The process could hardly be more complicated," Overby said. "It really is a confusing and complicated process, and that’s going to play to the advantage of whoever’s better organized.”, More reasons to keep an eye on the line: Adams, the starting left tackle, is suspended for the first five games of the season as part of the Buckeyes' NCAA violations for selling memorabilia; and Shugarts, the starting right tackle, battled foot problems that knocked him out for the second half of several games last season., But others are willing to lobby on behalf of the Ducks., These types of integrated offenses were used against McInnis; Republican Bob Beauprez, a candidate for governor in 2006; then-Congresswoman Marilyn Musgrave in 2008; and countless legislative candidates., Bing's Detroit Works program was visionary and bold; he has promised to knock down more abandoned houses than any mayor in recent history, and he has begun tackling the city's long-standing lighting troubles., IBM has spent the past decade shifting out of crowded technology businesses where companies compete mainly on price. The company sold its PC unit to China's Lenovo Group and moved aggressively into services like building information technology systems. Fast-growing Indian companies such as Wipro Ltd. and Infosys Technologies Ltd., however, have cut into the growth potential of that business., On Monday, a Ramsey County judge ruled that the state practice was inconsistent., This beautifully photographed film follows a couple of families vacationing in Tuscany, and the edgy games that kids play when the adults are too busy enjoying themselves (or trying to enjoy themselves). On the surface, Rolando Calla's film is a harsh coming-of-age tale, but underneath the gritty family dysfunction and over-the-top children's antics is a delicate, nuanced spirit. Highlighting the proceedings is Armando Condolucci, a gifted young actor who plays the older boy with a beguiling mix of innocence, rage and romantic longing., Q: Isn't playing a star player at the end of the season when the seeds are pretty much set considered risky and foolish? That was a very scary sight for Heat fans when Wade got injured against the Wizards. -- Alex., He told The Sun: ''The rumors are not true. They are absolutely not true.'', Ladue senior running back Deavin Edwards has been one of the area's breakout performers, rushing for 1,579 yards, averaging 11.9 yards per carry, and scoring 26 total touchdowns., She mentioned the idea to her daughters. Daughter Melanie Casillas, 31, of Alabama offered to buy chickens for Portman's birthday last March. She, daughter Roxy, 6, and son Ayden, 4, picked out five chickens from a website, had them shipped to Santa Ana and helped pick out names. The five chickens - Precious, Maria, Sheila, Lacy, and Lucy, a Rhode Island red - took up residence in Portman's backyard coops., Nick Andeer, a freshman electrical and computer engineering major from Waretown, said he thinks a merger and research designation would make Rowan better known., ChinaAid now employs more than half a dozen staff members and has a budget of $1.5 million, much of it raised from local donors in Midland, where Fu is affiliated with the 2,000-member Mid-Cities Community Church., Claire Heininger contributed to this report., The Medina Railroad Museum, in Medina, housed in a vast freight house that once belonged to the New York Central, had walls lined with train memorabilia and, in its center, a wonderful model railroad layout, beautifully scenic with cars and locomotives beyond counting. We ducked briefly up to Rochester, a pleasant detour on the Genesee River, then continued east, churning on past Macedon with the idea of going as far east as time would allow., The following information about sales of residential properties was provided by MLS for Feb. 29, 2012, through March 15, 2012. The properties are grouped by zip code; the address of each property is followed by the price. An incomplete address is indicated with an X., He warned that there could be volatility ahead for the market. The Dow has yet to suffer a 100-point loss this year, a sharp contrast to the triple-digit swings that were common last summer., "As Directors of a gaming company privileged to hold licenses, we have a duty to uphold the highest ethical standards and comply with the laws and the terms of the licenses upon which our business depends," said a statement by Bob Miller, former Nevada governor and a director of Wynn Resorts who chairs the company's compliance committee. "Unfortunately, it is very clear from the Freeh Report that Mr. Okada repeatedly flouted these requirements.", Larry Hecker heads the Vehicle Protection Association, a trade group for companies that sell auto-service contracts. He said the product warranties were sold primarily to avoid California regulations that allow only auto dealers to sell service contracts., Treatment used as prep before surgery, Bradley played for Paterno at Penn State and spent 33 years moving up the coaching ranks under the iconic figure., Q: Last November, Adidas announced "Route 2015," a plan for growing the Adidas Group business by 45 percent to 50 percent to $23 billion by 2015 -- essentially matching or exceeding Nike. How will Adidas America contribute to matching this goal?, It wasn't just isolated to a few exchanges here or in Europe or in the Middle East. Exchanges fell around the world. Wall Street was down 1.9%. Shanghai and Tokyo both fell about 1.5%. Brazil's Bovespa was down 1.8%. London fell 1.5%. Even gold fell. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index is now down about 4% from the peak seen last month. Since then it's tried three times to get its mojo back, and it's failed each time. Not cheerful., Though bears have been sited in all 21 counties in New Jersey, the highest concentration is in the northwestern corner of the state, north of Route 80 and west of Route 287, said David Chanda, director of the state Division of Fish and Wildlife., oHaywire, "It's easy to believe these shots aren't necessary, because we don't see these diseases anymore," she said. "I ask them, 'What if your child is the one who spreads measles around?'", Jamaal Franklin had 23 points and Chase Tapley 19 for the Aztecs (26-8)., The show-stopper was the superb Veracruz-style fillet of halibut. Fresh, expertly seasoned and perfectly cooked, it was the "come back" dish. You know, the compelling reason to return another day and order the same thing., The two first met while working in an environment where the ability to generate a joke was particularly valued: "Da Ali G Show," Sacha Baron Cohen's absurdist HBO series in which political and cultural figures were interviewed by Cohen while he assumed the guises of white rapper Ali G or clueless Kazakh reporter Borat. Rogen was a writer and Reiser was an associate producer responsible for booking guests without revealing that they'd be participating in a comedic sneak attack instead of a real talk show., PILES OF OBSTACLES, Nevertheless, Hohokam attracts more spectators than any other Cactus League stadium (203,105 last year). An exhibition about Cactus League history at the Arizona Museum for Youth, through Nov. 7, has extended baseball fever to downtown this spring., "We're above the (break-even) line now and will finish above the line,'' he said. "We've done quite a bit better with the Rams than last year (when) we were learning how to sell sports in general, let alone play-by-play. What's changed is experience.'', Nor should equal justice for everyone be an issue subject to the usual political horse-trading and back-scratching that goes on in Annapolis. This is different from a simple "vote for the road project in my district, and I'll vote for yours" sort of transaction. The gay marriage issue goes to the heart of values that both advocates and opponents consider fundamental, and it shouldn't be an excuse for lawmakers to swap their votes and their principles to advance ancillary causes, no matter how worthy., The Cohens remembered reaching out to the credit bureau and to the hospital — which we now know was not the culprit here. But the couple aren’t sure if they filed an official dispute with the credit bureaus., University of Oregon football coach Chip Kelly might not lose a game this college football season. But he's losing his mind if he believes Darron Thomas is as good of a leader as he's been around., "You can't have your cake and eat it, too. You can't talk about low tolls and then constantly bleed the turnpike," he said. "Why is it the turnpike's problem that the other roads are out of money? The people who are not causing the problems are going to be asked to pay for it.", Oregon City Police Officer Mike Kramer has received Trauma Intervention Program's 2009 Heroes With Heart Award., Real estate firms are giving away their data to third-party sites, he said, but they still have to buy advertising next to that data - or else a competitor will. In some cases, brokers have to pay to see who's requesting more information about their listings. If they don't, those leads could end up going to other companies., Dayahai: Vancouver 2, Berth 8, It will be demolished this summer as part of a remodeling and expansion project at the school. The gymnasium, built in 1928; the cafeteria, built in 1959; the administration building; and classrooms will be razed, said Ann Donahue, community liaison for the Litchfield district., The service, too, has a casual deportment. The server doesn't bother to remember who has what; she just holds the dish over the center of the table until someone grabs it. She's not unpleasant -- just a little lazy -- and you may end up pouring your own wine and requesting water when you get thirsty., Stolen vehicle. 9:40 p.m. Saturday. Paseo De Valencia and El Toro Road., I know Barner appeared to indicate he was staying, but I don't think we will know for sure until the declaration deadline is behind us. Running backs take a beating. If Barner's NFL evaluation comes back high enough, he might decide he wants to earn a paycheck for the pummeling. Who could blame him?, In Collinsville, Sgt. Todd Link said the course would also help to address potential incidents that may involve Hispanics., Councilman Mike Polensek, never subtle, added, "What's happening in this town on the housing issue is obscene. Some neighborhoods are already gone.", "While we believe the market is deeply oversold, what we're watching for is the quality of the bounce we're bound to get," Ritholtz said. "We expect there will be more downside and, if the market isn't cooperative with the general expectations for a year-end market rally, January is potentially dangerous.", "We have not talked to the NFL," Walter said., The county never considered Davis criminal background when deciding on the custody issue., The full-day seminar, beginning at 9 a.m., includes two morning sessions by author and genealogist John Sabol, followed by an afternoon roundtable discussion moderated by the Czechoslovakia Genealogical Society., Charles Moore, senior managing director with the Birmingham turnaround and crisis management firm Conway MacKenzie, said the proposed board is too big., "I don’t know what to make of it," said Tony Tarchichi, a recent graduate of UMDNJ’s New Jersey Medical School now serving his residency on the Newark campus., Back when Indians players wore T-shirts beneath their uniforms that read, "It don't mean a thing till we get the ring," April at Progressive Field was the start of long "high-level practice" for the postseason. You know, the way the last week has been for the LeBrons at The Q across Gateway Plaza., After Resorts defaulted on its mortgage and turned itself over to its lenders in December 2009, the two sides hammered out a deal that let the lenders own the casino in return for canceling nearly $381 million in debt. The lenders formed RAC Atlantic City Holdings, which was given a one-year casino license., Powerball is played in 42 states, the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands., The Wings would like to lock up the fourth seed and get home-ice advantage in the first round. But, again, Lidstrom wasn't getting too hung up about that detail., Napa County, While Wild Beasts played their indie rock and dream pop inside the sweltering Mojave Tent on Sunday afternoon, Fitz and the Tantrums blended its mix of indie pop and neo soul at the equally hot main Coachella stage., Hugh McDiarmid, communications director, Michigan Environmental Council, returning judge., The fiercely expressed determination in GOP ranks to oust Mr. Obama, voiced repeatedly by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in his battle cry to make him "a one-term president," seems to have lost some of its zeal amid the civil war for the party nomination. The wish may be undiminished, but the conviction that it will be achieved now lacks the previous certitude., Gas tax funding for the Highway Patrol was phased out over several years and a series of fees were established in last year's transportation bill to make up for the lost money. Among them is an increase in fees for a driver's test eye exam, personalized plates and, for the first time, a $20 penalty for late registration renewals., That's when Leon Russell was big. His first album came out in 1970, which was, of course, part of the '60s., But they have no plans for vacations or major expenditures. Jori Brenner, 34, started couponing a few years ago and has become skilled enough to save the family a couple of hundred dollars a month., One key reason sales taxes have been rising is that they're arguably the easiest tax to hike compared with the major alternatives. Government funding typically comes from sales, property and income taxes, and the largest Arizona component consistently has been sales taxes, according to the Arizona Tax Research Association., brewer, Q. Our grapefruit tree has produced abundantly, but this year the fruits are small, about apple size, and have a brownish skin color. Is there an obvious reason or just a bad year?, May 1-5 (YBC) - Paul Taylor Dance Company, Pinal County authorities notified the Sequoyah County Sheriff's Department upon receiving the report., Apparently, it was pretty rough out there, but it wasn't everywhere., I was a volunteer at the Centre for Animal Rehabilitation and Education (www.primatecare.org.za) in South Africa, on a private game reserve that shares fenceless borders with Kruger National Park. The closest town is about 45 minutes away., Winway Resume Writing: 7-8:30 p.m. at Shaker Heights Public Library, 16500 Van Aken Blvd., Shaker Heights. Must register. Call 216-991-2030, Ext. 3185., Mike Bianchi, Orlando Sentinel: "I'm not saying Madonna is getting old, but she appears to have had so much work done on her face that she should open up the Super Bowl Halftime Show with ‘Like a Surgeon.'", The onetime boy wonder -- all of 14 when he signed on as vocalist for the Spencer Davis Group -- will turn 64 on Saturday. But you'll still find a raw ebullience in the vocals as Winwood tackles a career catalog versatile enough to include the garage-y R&B of "Gimme Some Lovin' " alongside the synth-sweetened polish of "Higher Love." Opening is fellow Englishman Bobby Long. 6:30 p.m., the Fillmore Detroit, 2115 Woodward, Detroit. 313-961-5450. $29.50., CIT is also asking bondholders to approve a prepackaged reorganization plan should it need to file for bankruptcy protection. Icahn said his loan would allow bondholders to reject the restructuring plan and the prepackaged reorganization plan., More are in the pipeline. Indonesian-Chinese farming tycoon Budi Tek is set to open the De Museum in Shanghai next year featuring Asian and Western contemporary art, after opening his first in Indonesia's capital Jakarta in 2008., Many of the town's older homes, says Murphy, an agent with Bradley Real Estate, are in the downtown neighborhoods of Deer Park and Cascade Canyon. Located on the downtown flats near the lumber company, Fairfax has some vintage homes as well. The two-story houses in Oak Manor, built during the mid-'50s on Sir Francis Drake Boulevard, remind Ryan of "Leave it to Beaver." An adjacent neighborhood, Marinda Oaks, is similar, only on a smaller scale., Bumgarner didn't particularly impress on the mound for the Giants as a rookie, but last season he finished 11th in the Cy Young voting., "Putting children at risk on false evidence is criminal," said Peter Wegner, medical director of Newark’s Project Vaccinate and an associate professor at the School of Public Health at the University of Medicine and Dentistry New Jersey., “The time is now to grant two loving people the Freedom to Marry," he said in a written statement., 2. the prospects of a significant on-ramp redesign, potentially freeing up ten of millions of taxpayer dollars - and the reallocation that would follow., The Deccan and San Diego Chargers do have one thing in common, though. Both failed to make the playoffs last season., "We each have a very specific capacity," Lowry says. "You have to keep your focus; the age of the general shop is over and done with.", European stock markets moved higher Monday as investors come back from a long holiday weekend to find Japanese markets hitting recent new highs., This is the third varsity season for the Panthers, who played a junior varsity slate in 2008. Last year under McIntyre, the team was 14-6-1 and reached the quarterfinals of the Illinois High School Lacrosse Association Class B playoffs., of routes and planes they fly. As travel demand picks up, this shrunken supply of seats allows the industry to charge more. Planes are 82 percent full on average, compared with 70 percent full before the recession hit in late 2007., The vibe: Sleek and modern. A warm neighborhood restaurant that doesn't try too hard., District Attorney Scully, who recently urged supervisors to act, said study after study has made the case for change at CPS., Welcome back, Billy. And good luck. You'll need it., Hey, Susie: The Indians plan is to win as many games as they can this year. Their plan, as always, is to gather as much young talent as possible. Then they'd like to keep it together as long as possible and add some experience when the front office feels it has a chance to win. It doesn't always work, but that's the plan., This is what bothers me: The feds can use their ability to raid and to intimidate landlords without having to prove anything in court., Am I a professional bartender? Hardly. Did I study culinary arts? Nope. Am I some sort of brewmaster or sommelier? Please., American wants to sell tickets through its own electronic pipeline, called AA Direct Connect, mostly bypassing global distribution systems such as Sabre, unless, it says, the systems adapt to its demands, which include displaying its lucrative fee services, such as checked baggage and priority boarding, and its many fares that bundle these services., The proposed area, he added, has a viable interconnection to the grid., The Sox scored two runs in the third inning to tie the game and had three runners on base when Viciedo and Tyler Flowers struck out., Benchmark oil for June delivery rose 3 cents to $104.91 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract fell 6 cents to end at $104.87 per barrel on the Nymex on Tuesday., Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr., who claimed to be speaking for his NBA pals, says Lin’s Chinese heritage is a bigger draw than his basketball., From Oct. 1, 2007, to Sept. 30, 2008, there were 15 Arizona worksite audits. From Oct. 1 to July 31, there were 59., One of many avenues detectives are exploring is whether something went terribly wrong between the pair during their stay at the hotel., Drafted third overall by the New York Mets, Humber's resume at Rice smelled of elite pitcher, but just one year after being drafted, he underwent Tommy John surgery. What he became then was just another name on the transaction wire., The game hamfistedly tries to evoke classic moments from the film, with secondary objectives such as buzzing a control tower with a flyby or snapping a photo of an enemy plane. It's clear the designers loved "Top Gun" as much as any fan, but the execution doesn't do the action classic justice. Aficionados will notice the details that carry over from the film, but the feeling is one of nostalgia for the film more than excitement to play the game. Maybe there will be a downloadable beach volleyball level at some point in the future., Mara Worley and Hannah Schneider scored early in the second half to give Lafayette a 9-6 advantage., Hey, Joe: First, I think a second year in Dick Jauron's system will have a positive effect on the run defense. Players should be more disciplined in staying in their gaps. Second, a linebacker with speed should be added and the safety position has to be reassessed., The mood was less frantic at Centenary College, where Bobby Sporman was locked in a business class with 30 other students. He said his classmates were calm despite the looming threat., BUT -- it costs money to provide this essential infrastructure. A lot of money. So, one of the most pressing issues confronting Hillsboro, the Chamber, and our many partners in the private and public sectors is how to fund our infrastructure., In a settlement reached this week between Tracy Dossman, 42, and the state, Dossman admits no "guilt or culpability" but has agreed to stop working with vulnerable children and adults., James Kvaal, the campaign’s policy director, also dismissed Romney’s contention that getting government out of the way by cutting taxes, spending and regulations would spur job creation. “Efforts to cut our way to prosperity have been tried in the past, and Gov. Romney’s vision represents a return to those policies that have failed before,” he said., “Brady sucks!” someone else shouts., That song was sung at Ben’s funeral., A tomb for some of the 1,500 men, women and children who died with the ship, a symbol of a grand, lost world to others, Titanic remains above all an enduring icon, a symbol of the limits of human genius against the raw force of nature., But given the underdog odds of unseating an incumbent with deep loyalties in Cleveland's black political community, doubts lingered about whether Turner truly was game for the fight., "We're a great city, and we're not living up to our greatness," she said. "When I'm out in the community, I almost feel like I'm on an apology tour. I'm so sorry the streets are so dirty. I'm so sorry Muni was late. I'm so sorry your kid didn't get into the school you wanted.", The Ravens will officially start gearing up for the coming season later this month, with the rookies starting minicamp in just over a week., The legislation was supported by the Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association, which said it was a "crucial step toward providing wireless subscribers with some much needed relief.", Nature/birdwatching walks The Audubon Center at Chatfield hosts "Walk the Wetlands," family-friendly birdwatching excursion, is from 8 to 11 a.m. Sundays along the South Platte River. Directions: from I-25 and C-470, go west on C-470. Exit onto Wadsworth, travel south on Wadsworth about 4.4 miles. Turn left on Waterton Road. Immediately turn left in to the first parking lot at the Audubon Center sign. Dress in layers for the weather. Bring binoculars, field guides, sunscreen, water and a snack. Info: 303-973-9530, e-mail info@denveraudubon.org or visit denberaudubon.org., The 24 new cardinals include heads of Vatican congregations, archbishops of major cities in Europe, Africa, Asia and the Americas, and retired prelates honored for their lifelong service to the church., "There are very few obvious links that bring Canada together from coast to coast to coast, and I really do think CBC Radio fosters that unity," he said. "Listeners outside of our borders are experiencing the reality of what Canada is, rather than the stereotypes that exist about us. And by what Canada is, I mean a very diverse, largely urban, relatively sophisticated and quite progressive-thinking country of people.", Founded in 1991 by Henry Salinas, the group provides positive out-of-school-hours programming for Chandler youths. The organization deals with community concerns ranging from gang activity to underage drinking., DeWine said when DRC completes its revision of the procedures he will present them to Frost, who must sign off on them before executions can resume., "To one of the major airlines at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport, for whom I work: We are so short-staffed at the ticket counter. If you think I'm giving you blood this summer, think again. You had better be prepared for delays, because I'm not going from one side of the counter to the other wearing roller skates or a skateboard. It's pathetic and it's pitiful how short-staffed we are. The only ones that lose are the public.", Austin, Texas-based marketing agency Vendor Inc. was hired in January to handle the campaign, titled “Adventures Steeped in Rich Culture.” The agency soon contracted with On Location Casting to assign roles in the ad, which was to be filmed in March., Increase capital spending 51%, Source: "The Best American Recipes 2004" by Fran McCullough and Molly Stevens (Houghton Mifflin, $26), The NTSB is conducting its own investigation and has issued no updates since late February., Professional photographs will also be taken by Laura Marshall inside of The Pawsh Pet., "It was an exhausting process that... our whole county went through," said Jan Roller, a Democratic attorney and activist, explaining why there's no rush to file petitions., But Meyer and others said the plan Republicans proposed is not strict enough because withdrawal limits to trigger the permitting process are too high., Now, those three players are dealing with another option in rookie Jaden Schwartz, who has three points (two goals, one assist) in four games., The hardest part is operating a vehicle with left-hand controls. "The turn signal and windshield wipers are in opposite spots," says Moriarty, an engineer from Denver. "You will drive with a clean windshield but rarely signal to other drivers while turning.", Clark's wife, Susan Orellana-Clark, was in Texas chatting with him via Skype on April 30 when he collapsed. Her family has said she tried for two hours to get help for her dying husband, before finally seeing military officials enter the room where he lay., 6 eggs, But the park is quickly eroding away., It must be noted, however, that Lee enjoyed a long honeymoon partly because of his assurances that he had no interest in running for the office., Fishermen will return in force in October when the water cools and fish, yet again, feed and gain weight in preparation for winter, he said., Snyder's plan is the first, to date, that would address the horrible fiscal imbalances and mismanagement that sustain those realities. It's the debut outline of a comprehensive way for the city to live within its means, and rededicate itself to its prime function: the delivery of services to its residents., The play, directed by Beverly Bremers, will give you lots of belly laughs. Tickets are on sale at Clubhouse 3 Box Office., "We usually swing the bats pretty good," he said. "When we play the way we are capable, we can beat anyone.", DeChristopher told his lawyer recently that he will be transferred May 19 to a federal prison in Littleton, Colo., a request he made at sentencing to be closer to his parents and a sister., He was already buying and fixing up old VWs before he became an electrical engineer and cofounded Netgear ($1.18 billion in net revenue last year, according to The Wall Street Journal), so having a lot of dough doesn't explain why he owns 25 to 30 vintage VWs today., In a series of catchy musical numbers -- written by a gaggle of composers, including alumni of off-Broadway faves "Altar Boyz" and "The Bomb-itty of Errors" -- the historical foursome provides easy-to-take lessons about the Constitution, the Bill of Rights and the American Revolution, among other things., Police were not immediately available to give more details., The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, which obtains information about a person's overall sleep habits during the past month, has been used to link sleep deprivation to obesity and other types of cancers, Li said., His powerful dunks, like the one that sent Denver's Chris Andersen tumbling backward Wednesday, make Gee a contributor to SportsCenter's Top 10 plays. His dedication on defense enables him to draw assignments against LeBron James, Carmelo Anthony and Kobe Bryant., Here's a sample:, With about 85,000 square feet of space, the company has been weighing local options for possible expansion. Top contenders could include the U.S. Bancorp Tower or several proposed office buildings, including Tom Moyer's Park Avenue West, Gerding Edlen's 11 West, or Jim Winkler and Bob Naito's One Waterfront Place., if my mom and dad were alive this emmy snub would kill them. that's not true, they were too old to understand my show. just like the academy, Bryant sat on the bench wearing a gray suit, enjoying a hearty laugh with Gasol early in the third quarter and posing for pictures with a fan during a fourth-quarter timeout., The Federal Aviation Administration has pushed back the date when it will propose new rules for the use of small drones in national airspace., "I would get emails from L.A., UK, everywhere, with these horror stories about not getting paid and horrible working conditions.", AKRON, Ohio -- Former Cuyahoga County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora arrived early this morning at Federal Court in Akron with his wife and defense team for the start of his county corruption trial., Beginning in June, the team will meet to review the school system and give Dance its thoughts on the strengths of the system as well as areas that may need to be improved., Locally, San Diego State linebacker Miles Burris fits the running theme of being scheme-flexible - he can play outside or middle in a 4-3 and projects as more of an inside option in a 3-4 defense, which the Chargers run., 14 ounces sweet Italian fennel sausage, On her nightstand: “The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo”, Pie Spot co-owners Ashley Ragsdale and Jessica Woods got their start selling cupcake-size versions of their sweet flavors at area farmers markets. Savory options, including the recent mushroom-gruyere, came later., Honorary coach: Greg Jones, "All I heard from Brownie was, 'You gotta see this stud we got, this offensive midfielder from Colorado — Drew Babb,' " Tierney said. "We were really excited about him. And then the next thing you know, he's got cancer., oA: Depending on who is subsidizing your student loans and where you teach, there could be several options available to you in order to reduce your monthly payment., Stanley is a graduate of Bellarmine Prep in Tacoma, and was a two-time runner-up in Washington Class 4A championship. He played three years at Clemson before turning pro and was NCAA runner-up in 2007 and 2009. In 2009, Stanley won the Ben Hogan award that goes to the nation's top college golfer., The regular spring wild-turkey-hunting season opens Monday and runs through May 20. Turkey hunters yet to pattern shotguns should visit the North Coast Limbhangers Patterning Day on Saturday at the South Cuyahoga Sportsmen's Association grounds in North Royalton., Note: The live video stream is now over. Thanks for watching, “What am I doing here?” he asks offstage. “I'm opening for Jimmy Kimmel and telling knock-knock jokes to Kim Kardashian.”, Last month's WGN Radio Cubs Song Contest, though, was solely an on-air gig., "It's kind of remarkable, in a way, that he got as deep as he did with some of the counts he had in hitters' favors," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said., He was visibly nervous and not at all optimistic that anyone would be interested in speaking to him, especially with a Chiefs game on the TVs. "There's nothing wrong with cynicism every now and then," Ross said. "But no bitterness or negativity.", Said Dave: "He loves the horses.", “We will meet to see how we can better work together on facilities and in general,” she said., Not only would the Nationals' 0.29 homers-per-game pace shatter the record for a full season since 1969, it's also 71% better than the major-league median in 2012. Leaders in baseball's statistical categories are usually much closer to the pack. For example, the Rangers' major-league-leading run total of 136 is 35% ahead of the median., Berea -- Berea City Council will have a work session at 7:30 tonight in Council Chambers., Like the examples in which her work is rooted, she stresses the natural properties of raw materials applied in a simple, direct manner. She also revels in patterns arrayed across large walls., Central Florida has spent 2011 slogging through a recessionary hangover on its way to adding almost 8,600 jobs during the past 12 months., The incident comes ahead of a new round of technical discussions between Tehran and the IAEA to be held in Vienna beginning Sunday. Higher-level negotiations also are planned later this month in Baghdad between envoys from Iran and six world powers, including the United States., All-Queens girls volleyball Coach of the Year: Kevin Colucci, St. Francis Prep, Pietrangelo did not skate Sunday, and his availability is uncertain for Game 2 on Monday. If he does not play, the impact on the Blues would be like the Kings' losing the dynamic presence of defenseman Drew Doughty., The proposal concerns redevelopment of the commercial area at Trianon Parkway and Watson Road., Hybrid types:, Nobody could quite believe it, least of all the referees in charge of policing the game. Faried was whistled for a foul, only because it is assumed to be humanly impossible to stop Griffin at the rim., "He tried to do all he could, but no one was spared by the economy," said Lauren Fasano, vice president of the condo association. "It’s amazing that he was able to sell the place, and we are grateful.The alternative would have been worse.", In fact, some Democrats are hoping Mourdock wins the GOP primary. The reason? They think their candidate, Donnelly, has a better shot against him than Lugar., They heard about the Sirens when a client at Stewart Title in Roseville, where both women are employed, who had played for the Sirens told Jack about the team., 11:30 a.m. UPDATE This entry originally listed LB Jacquian Williams as one of the players fooled by the onside kick. Truth was, he had arguably the best reaction on the front line. He was away from the ball on the other side. Sash was the man in the middle of the front line., "Dicky was my Latin teacher and my wrestling coach. One of the things I've never forgotten was the first time I heard a Beatles song. I think it was 1963," said Dr. Beers., The 19-year-old outfielder's arm was more impressive than his bat in a 5-1 loss to Arizona that continued offensive struggles the Washington Nationals hope Harper can help alleviate., It's a problem one longtime municipal attorney says he has never seen on this scale., "We recognize the steep challenge that exists in the House," he said. "But right now our focus is on encouraging the Senate to pass a bill and keep it alive.", Givens said Craftsman Farms also had some of the latest technology, with electricity, a massive icebox and a rudimentary dishwashing contraption., A man struck another person and broke out a window in a car with a golf club April 18 in the 15000 block of Summer Ridge Drive., Gasc<U+FFFD>n said the bill also will have "catastrophic impacts on community policing.", "I do it all the time," Cohen wrote in an email. "If I prepared and signed a return, the IRS will discuss it with me., The Cavaliers (12-17) called time and set up a play for Irving, who had a subpar second half. He finished the night 8-of-21 from the field with 23 points, four turnovers and only one assist. But there was little question who would attempt the last shot. Irving in-bounded the ball to Jamison, who gave it back to the 19-year-old around the 3-point arc. The rookie drove to the basket and was fouled by Tyreke Evans before he came close to attempting a shot., Billionaire Carl Icahn offered $1.9 billion to buy Mentor Graphics Corp. this morning, dramatically increasing pressure on the Wilsonville company as Icahn campaigns to shake up its management and cut its operating expenses., "If the schools do not improve, we have no choice but to say we cannot be responsible for sponsoring you," said John Jackson, charter school liaison for the university. "Missouri Baptist is one of the few universities that has pulled the plug on a school because of financial issues. We're an organization that's true to our word.", "Was it a fair trial? Boy it sure was," U.S. District Judge Robert Kugler said. "Was there a miscarriage of justice? No.", But Fisher followed those remarks with praise for Williams, who is one of Fisher's best friends in the football business., Batchelder, the GOP House speaker, is concerned that a volatile campaign this fall may be a setback for Ohio, which he said is showing signs of making economic improvements., STREETSBORO CITY SCHOOLS, Even though Lopez and Anthony have ended their personal relationship, a business partnership marches on., James Bryant, Whether Masterson could have pitched the ninth inning, whether he had much left after tossing 99 pitches through eight innings, is something even the 27-year-old couldn't answer., "We can't come out and not win games," said forward Thaddeus Young, who scored 19 points off the bench. "We have to, now.", Piles of ash and smoldering debris filled the street Thursday outside the monolithic government headquarters, known as the White House, where marauders set fire to ransacked goods and trash overnight., At the April 23 board meeting, only Alderman Mark Harder wanted to continue the discussion., The other lasting image both players and fans have is one of a devastated Seau following the Super Bowl XLII loss to the New York Giants., Go, Mammoth! You could be the only hope for Denver and Kroenke., In September, University Hospitals started implementing an electronic lab reporting system in all its facilities, which will allow them to electronically report selected hospital-acquired infections and all reportable infectious diseases. Officials said they expect to transition fully by next June., John Depman, Bel Air, President Serge Sarkisian's party has won a majority of seats in a parliamentary election seen as a test of support ahead of next year's presidential vote., BOSTON -- Mutual fund company Janus Capital Group Inc. says it has received an inquiry in an investigation of insider trading on Wall Street., Q: Is my vehicle safe to drive for the time being?, Tour of the Great River Road, Friday, they beat him up. The 10 runs Carmona allowed in his first opening day start were a career high., Gingrich, who was touring a company that makes precision switches and says it has contributed 800 parts to the space shuttle, was delighted by the president’s attack and paused to discuss it with reporters trailing him around the suburbs north of Chicago., He jumped in his tiny skiff, raced out to the pair, got them on his boat, and dropped them on the undamaged section of the dock, where the Coast Guard and others waited to help them. Right about then, another surge rushed in. Shane got the boat docked and himself on dry land just in time, then watched as the waters threatened to sink his skiff., At the White House, Obama denounced the vote, saying Republicans chose "once again to protect tax breaks for the wealthiest few Americans at the expense of the middle class." In a statement issued after the vote, he said he would keep pressing Congress to help the middle class., The nearly 40 selections are easy drinking and designed to go with the style of the food; 17 are offered by the glass, so it's easy to switch out wines between courses., It wasn't supposed to end this way. But it's partially OK because next year isn't going to. At least that's the hope., Mark O’Connor and Friends (Mark O’Connor), TheatreFirst's production of David Mamet's "Oleanna," the first in its intimate new digs at the Berkeley City Club, begins with the crackle and intensity of a wildfire and ratchets up from there., SCORE Orlando, You, Your Business Idea, How SCORE Can Help, 6:30-9 p.m. April 2, 9:30 a.m.-noon April 7, free; Starting Your New Business, 9:30 a.m.-noon April 9, $50; all classes at Orlando Fashion Square Mall. Details: 407-420-4844 or scoreorlando.org., And now here Stoudemire is, Public Enemy No.1 (just like his jersey number) dealing with the Heat, who lead this series 3-0., The real question here is: Do you deserve a refund for two nights at the motel?, The obvious upside to visiting during off-season is smaller crowds. And since busy times at Disney World coincide with breaks in the school calendar and holidays, avoiding a summer trip also means you won’t be touring the parks in Florida’s tropical heat., Louie said she still wears Kings garb in San Diego, on campus and in the city. She said no one asks her about the players or the coach. It's always the arena issue., Cosgrove said that what the Clinic has learned from its own initiatives -- rigorous smoking bans and not hiring smokers; subsidizing employee workouts; taking sugary foods out of the cafeterias -- is that "over time, you can make a difference. We are not going to be able to deal with the cost of health care in the U.S. unless we deal with these issues, and it has to be a multi-pronged approach.", "For years I've been saying, 'I wish someone would open a good Indian restaurant,'" MacLarty says, "and finally I just said, 'I might as well just do it myself.'", One of the newest hits is the company's line of MyPlate educational posters and products produced in a public-private partnership recently formed with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The materials highlight the USDA's new MyPlate nutrition guidelines that have replaced the previous "food pyramid" standards. Seven of the top 10 best-selling products at Learning ZoneXpress are MyPlate items., A meal at intimate La Ciccia in Noe Valley is a culinary journey through the Italian island of Sardinia, from crostini with egg and olive spread, rustic seafood and potato dishes, to regional cheeses. Wine flights provide a way to sip one's way through the area's varietals., 2013 Ford Escape Titanium 4WD, Chef Susana Kwon's kitchen seems to turn out all of it with care. Kwon's husband and co-founder, Paul, died unexpectedly a year ago, and she now runs Sobahn with two daughters, Sharon and Susan., Southfork Road. Cost: $140. Advance registration required. Call 314-268-4669 or 1-800-554-9550., “You know and I know this park is literally at a tipping point,” he said. “We do not know the health of this park.”, “His circumstances were all of his own doing,” Howie Long said., It isn’t — not to Scherr. He does this the way others play golf, to clear his head., The injury came a few minutes after coach Nate McMillan endorsed Matthews for the NBA Rookie Challenge game that will be part of the NBA All-Star Game activities. The game pits a team of rookies against a team of second-year players., The personal devices will be equipped with captioning and audio-description services for vision-impaired and hearing-impaired viewers, said Maura Possley, a spokeswoman for Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan., In the awful comedy "Grown-Ups," there's a scene in which Chris Rock is freaked out when Maria Bello breastfeeds her child, who is "48 months," as her husband Kevin James sheepishly offers. I'm thinking that was not a favorite movie of the La Leche League., Labatt believes it had a deal with the NHL extending its rights to 2014., NEW YORK — Fixed mortgage rates rose slightly this week, but the average rate on the 30-year loan remained below 5 percent., 9. Leave your shoe on after an ankle sprain to act as a splint and help limit swelling., When the team folded in 1982. It was hard to understand., “The city is willing to help,” said Thompson, adding that they have the right to repaint., "And if you haven't got a sense of humor," Armit said with a winning grin, "you shouldn't live in Mexico.", In 1999, Gray became CEO of a museum devoted to the legacy of movie star Gene Autry in Los Angeles and is credited with transforming it into a major cultural center. Gray merged it with Colorado's Women of the West Museum and Los Angeles' Southwest Museum of the American Indian. The combined center with more than 500,000 objects also created the Institute for the Study of the American West., She maneuvered a 120-pound contraption of machined aluminum, outfitted with gears, wheels, motors and the capability of gathering and flinging felt-ribbed "Orbit Balls" several feet., It starts with Jacobsen’s longtime friendship with NBA coach P.J. Carlesimo, which started when Carlesimo was head coach of the Portland Trail Blazers from 1994 to 1997. Carlesimo played in Sunday’s pro-am and was back at the course Monday to take in the clinic and follow Jacobsen and partner Arnold Palmer., San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders admits he used to help "keep Häagen-Daz and Ben & Jerry's in business" and traditional rich Mexican food had always been a staple of his diet. Now, he satisfies his craving for full-fat enchiladas and burritos with a lean chicken breast burrito., While baking bread can be intimidating to home cooks, it doesn't have to be, says Ryan McCaskey, chef/owner of Acadia (1639 S. Wabash). At his fine dining restaurant, McCaskey offers a housemade biscuit to his diners before the entree. Even though he was a baker and pastry chef for six years, McCaskey says making great breads comes down to practice and learning what feels right in your hands., Lisa Perkin, a wine marketer from San Francisco, is aboard the 68-foot race boat New York, one of 10 international teams in the biannual Clipper Round the World Race., And all of the new hires came from service providers, who took on 123,000 new workers. Goods-producing companies trimmed their headcount by 4,000 employees., Clearly, a comprehensive plan, prioritizing the entire scope of needs and solutions for the city's historic properties, needs to be done. A task force comprised of elected officials, department chiefs, foundation leaders and representatives from other stakeholder organizations, including Preservation Maryland, should be appointed to tackle the issue., Now the same information is obtained using digital techniques and displaying the result just like a TV screen would, at low speed., Southern Charms Ya'll, El Vocero posted a video of an interview in which Santorum clearly states that English is a "requirement" and would be a "condition for admission.", “The investigation hasn’t stalled,” he said. “As it progresses you need to have enough information to do the things that you should be doing. We’ve gotten information, we’ve closed certain avenues that were opened up through sources that came in, new potential sources have come in, we’re going to continue to investigate..¤.¤. There is nothing that we have received evidence-wise that has indicated to us that we need to change the course of this investigation. We still believe that, and we will perceive, that Kyron is alive and that we will be able to locate him.”, Listen to Dan Drayer of Colorado Public Radio interview John Moore about the 2010 announcement of the National Theater Conservatory's impending closure. Run time: 4 minutes. Click here, In 2010 at Tulsa, the Golden Hurricane ran on 53.4 percent of 1,006 total plays (28 sacks)., Third Street Principal Suzie Oh described Caruso as one of her most effective teachers., Not my mom's biscuits (but pretty good), Reportedly, Fleming said as he went around the car, a vehicle behind him sped up and passed the stopped car and Fleming in the lane for oncoming traffic. The driver of the vehicle, whom police identified as Christopher Williams, 30, of Beaverton, then cut back in front of Fleming and slammed on his brakes, Rowe said., Before games, I set goals for myself, so I set how many goals I want to get, how many assists, interceptions, stuff on defense and it feels great when I reach them. Because I feel like I set my goals so high, in games when I don't do well even though I still might have done well to me I failed, because I didn't reach the goals I wanted to reach. And in school, it's gotten so much better senior year, but as a freshman and sophomore if I got below a 90, I'd go home and cry. I'd be, "No. I got a B." My mom would be like, "Sam, that's ridiculous. You put too much pressure on yourself." (Laughs), Project Green Week is a collaborative effort between Jersey City and various agencies, stores, and restaurants, that aims to increase environmental awareness and provide opportunities for city residents to lead sustainable lifestyles., In Hale's home base of East Peoria, Ill., city officials say they have heard no activity from the group in about two years. Before, Hale and supporters frequently would pass out racist fliers or hold boisterous rallies., “There’s some allegations in there that just come from outer space,” said Conway, who is up for reelection this summer. “They threw in the kitchen sink.”, "We're not looking for a team full of choir boys," Allen said. "But we are looking for guys that are going to be dependable on the field and that we can also depend on off the field ..., The Bug's Life project is budgeted at $826,000. A property tax-funded grant from the Developmental Disabilities Resource Board of St. Charles County will cover $250,000. O'Fallon is matching the grant with another $315,000. To finance the remaining $261,000, the city and Unlimited Play will stage fundraising events, including a trivia night April 29 at the O'Fallon Elks Lodge., "You don't like 'em," Kansas junior safety Bradley McDougald said in one breath, adding in another, "It's definitely going to hurt. ... We definitely want to play them some way or another.", The average on the one-year adjustable loan fell to 2.73 percent from 2.84 percent, and the average fee was unchanged at 0.6., As we glided closer to the southernmost point of this massive glacier, passengers milled around the snack bar or strolled along the decks. But they stopped, and an eerie, yet peaceful, quiet enveloped our ship as we pulled alongside the face of the glacier., "We told him, even this morning: 'If you’ve got some looks at threes, just take 'em. We know you can make them, but just be aggressive," Nets Coach Avery Johnson said. "And if their point guard's not on you, we’ll try to figure a way to get him back on you so you can attack.", Robinson's first anchor stint in Cleveland was at Channel 43. She started there as co-anchor of the 10 p.m. newscast in 1988. Nine years later, the Missouri native moved to Channel 3, where she was first teamed with Judd Hambrick, then Tim White., Though, perhaps it is easier to explain what this is about by explaining what it is not about., Ga. 92 from Jimmy Mayfield Boulevard to McBride Road — widening $15,915,000, Former party chairman Joseph Spicuzzo stepped down March 7, hours after he surrendered to State Police and was charged with selling jobs and promotions while he was Middlesex County sheriff. Spicuzzo, who served as sheriff for 30 years before retiring in December, is accused of accepting bribes as high at $25,000 from at least three people in 2007 and 2008., “He said, ‘We want anybody but you and L.A. to get the ball,’ which is funny,” Crawford said., It's the latest in a series of economic development wins for the Metro East, which has about $5 billion worth of construction under way on new commercial and industrial real estate projects, according to a report issued last week by the Leadership Council of Southwestern Illinois., "We don't want to be known as an organization that picks players that we don't think are going to be a success here," Spencer said. "That's not the reputation we want as a football club.", For now, Pratt and his team can't comment on their filing, because of a quiet period imposed by the SEC. In the document, they cite an estimate by the American Society of Civil Engineers that the United States needs to spend $2.2 trillion over the next five years to return the nation's infrastructure to good condition. The 2009 stimulus package set aside $120 billion for such work., The sentencing of Paul Garcia in his murder-for-hire scheme that left a popular Los Gatos restaurateur dead has been delayed again -- this time until next Thursday., June 20-Aug. 6 Camping, ropes course, hiking, fishing, backpacking, spiritual development, more. Ministry that addresses emotional, physical and spiritual needs. $285-$335. High Peak Camp and Conference Center; 303-866-9294, e-mail: amy.stagg@usw.salvationarmy.org, website: highpeakcamp.info, Q. Do you think Potter fans are going to be able to handle it when there are no more new books or movies coming out?, 1437 Selma Av, $210,000, $2,000,000, Reconstruction of the Mayfield Road Rapid Transit Station and Bridge -- Fudge, Brown, Voinovich, Mt. Hood Skibowl, the resort where I was skiing when I crashed, is owned and run by some thoughtful souls. Because I can't ski again yet, they arranged to cart me around on a snowmobile. And at my request, they took me to my crash site and described what they remembered about the incident. (Thanks to Kirk, Hans and Troy for making this possible. And if you can afford to, go ski for me. It was all too quiet up there. The mountain is saddled with this economy, too.), KGO also is unlikely to report on the doings of the departed hosts. At press time, two of the seven who were let go Dec. 1 had landed new jobs, and two others were in touch with various stations. (Besides Gross and Rothmann, pink slips went to Gene Burns, Len Tillem, Ray Taliaferro, Joanie Greggains and Dr. Bill Wattenburg.) On Tuesday, Tillem, the attorney who does his weekday advice show out of Sonoma, began broadcasting on the new KKSF (910 AM), from 3 to 4 p.m. He was followed by Burns, whose program goes from 4 to 7 p.m., and whose weekly "Dining Around" show will air on Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., as it had on KGO since 1995., Jacobs is attracted to the strange. Something called the Odysseus Contract helps us stick to an objective by committing to an ironclad, horrible consequence for failing. He mentions that optimal elimination involves squatting, not sitting. And he passes along the notion that humans' typical wariness of "Others" may be rooted in a reasonable fear of germs., About the same time, Anthony Calabrese III, the agency's law director, ordered Schuman to pay Kelley an extra $2,000 per month for four months, raising his monthly consultant's salary to $6,900. Schuman said he thought it was for all of the extra work Kelley was doing to rescue the agency., Adder, once the largest base in southern Iraq, will be the last to close. Moses will be among those who turn out the lights. The Iraqi military will inherit this base and others, along with millions of dollars' worth of trailers, generators and used cars that would cost too much to ship back., "Of course, it's very hard on the kids who have gone through this, because they're on the hook," Zandi added. "And they're not going to be able to get off the hook.", Song came to the U.S. with his wife and three children in 1981, and by the early 1990s, he owned two small but profitable shoe stores on Chicago's Far South Side, records show., Linens and things, Details: 7:30 p.m. Monday, May 14. Comerica Theatre, 400 W. Washington St., Phoenix. $35. 602-379-2888, ticketmaster.com., Despite my vocation as a nonjudgmental sex educator, witness and unbiased documentarian of all sorts of sexual scenarios, I've never been the type to make public displays of affection. The only time I ever attended the Exotic Erotic Ball, I watched newbies drop trou and nonconsensually assault onlookers with drunken oral sex in public, and I simply thought, "They must be having fun," "I hope it's not a long drive back to Walnut Creek" and "Once is enough for this event for the rest of my life.", "They have quality bigs and guards," said Holman, who is third in scoring among regular UDM players at 10.9 points per game. "It'll be a good challenge for us. It comes down to playing with heart and pride. That's what we have to do, and that's what we're going to do. We're going to hang our hats on defense. We're going to play our defense., AKRON, Ohio — Bridget McCafferty is known as someone who likes to talk. But when the embattled former judge had the chance to testify on her own behalf, she was silent., Many of the places where economic stress is worst are urban or other areas that are heavily Democratic to begin with. As downtrodden as those voters are, they are unlikely to vote for Republican challengers., Set to the music of the same name by Sergei Rachmaninoff and given an epic, if brisk interpretation by the orchestra under the baton of Martin West, "Symphonic Dances" looks lovely on the surface. The cast of 18 dancers, arranged in hierarchies of four corps de ballet couples, two soloist couples and six principal pairs, are sleekly striking in costume designer Mark Zappone's diaphanous shades of orange ranging from deep to pale, which contrast pleasingly with lighting designer Jack Mehler's deep undersea teals and heated russet reds., An interview last week with Mexican Ambassador Arturo Sarukhán leads me to think that D could well be the answer., The process will give neighborhood leaders a better sense of potential uses for nearby land. And the study, to be finished in April, might help MidTown better solicit public money to fix up the railroad bridge that slices across the intersection, create public spaces and accommodate buses and bicycles., In January 2008, the state Assembly established a five-year pilot program to determine the effectiveness of traffic control monitoring systems. In March 2009, the state Department of Transportation announced the designation of 10 new municipalities for the red light program, including Hoboken, Morris Township, South Brunswick, Woodbridge, Gloucester Township, Cherry Hill, Stratford, Deptford, Monroe and Glassboro., "They're absolutely trying to prevent us from being viewed as a commercial farm and from having any protection under the Right to Farm Act," del Campo said. "We're being bullied in every single direction.", Zavarella said his company did work at Dimora's Independence home for the first time in 2002. He did not charge Dimora for that work., Energy and basic materials are the best sectors, Brilliant said. She suggested looking at companies in aluminum, steel and oil and gas equipment and services, all sectors trading at a fraction of Morningstar's opinion of their fair value. Health care also looks attractive, she said., N. Skidmore - Overlook / W. of Interstate Ave., The series was supposed to continue at Hayward Field this year as a coed meet, but UO coach Vin Lananna said logistics couldn't be worked out., First, that No. 3 OU backed up its ranking and the thought that the Sooners might be the best team in the country. Second, that KU failed to compete once again in losing its fourth straight game., That's not quite true, but it's too close for comfort. Sometimes the paper's endorsements were enthusiastic; sometimes they were made only because the trio's opponents were weak. Here's the tally:, For those who'd also like a touch of Hollywood nobility on their big day, the "Pink Palace of the Pacific" recently announced new wedding packages created by event planner David Beahm, who designed the nuptials of Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas. The overnight packages, named for Hawaiian royalty, include chauffeur service from the airport, welcome leis, lomilomi massages at the Abhasa Spa, dinner at Azure or in a private cabana, a suite with breakfast in bed, wedding-day leis and bridal bouquet, and an hourlong photograph session, among other amenities; prices begin at $9,500 plus tax. (As with most hotel packages, wedding party members also receive discounts on room rates and spa treatments.), Illinois defensive end-linebacker Whitney Mercilus of Akron Garfield High School has been selected by the Houston Texans with the 26th overall pick., For the past several years, Healthy Communities Wyandotte, a coalition of schools, hospitals, social service organizations and government officials, has been drafting long-range plans for improving education, nutrition and access to health care. The group's first initiative is a comprehensive plan for adding sidewalks and trails to make it easier to walk to schools and parks., The snow came down relentlessly, and the snow banks on either side of our driveway was so high, thanks to the city snow plows, that one day one of my side-view mirrors was snapped off., ESPN could not determine if the system was ever used. The report on today's "Outside the Lines" says Loomis would have been able to eavesdrop on opponents from 2002 to 2004. The report says the system was disabled in 2005, when the Superdome was heavily damaged by Hurricane Katrina., Clooney has said that a mistake actors often make is imagining the best, rather than the worst, version of a movie they are about to star in; it is in tempering your own optimism, the actor says, that you often make the most informed choices. With "The Descendants," the question Clooney had to answer was, Could you win in playing a loser?, The draft is good for one thing and one thing only: It is a nationally televised truth serum. After all the blather and smoke thrown out by NFL teams, the reality leaks out when they finally must make their picks. That's when you discover what the teams truly believe they need, the areas where they think they are most lacking, the roster crevices that they are most desperate to fill., The Ducks also advanced their women's 4x200 relay and their men's 4x400 relay in preliminary-round action. Finals for both events will be contested Saturay., HOLLYWOOD, Fla. - The fluid, speculative situation of change in the college football postseason is quickly taking shape., But a few smart choices can have you enjoying Super Bowl-style snacks without doing quite so much damage to your New Year's resolutions., "This is a singular issue," Shorter said of Warren. "We're not going to let it overshadow our need to work with Obama toward obtaining full and meaningful rights" for gays and lesbians., Where: B Street Theatre Mainstage, 2711 B St., Sacramento, Some RNC members say they have yet to endorse Romney because of local concerns., Jan. 26, 2009, Army Chief Warrant Officer Matthew G. Kelley, 30, Cameron, Dommen orchestrates a gutsy turn with the house-made duck ravioli ($12.50). The tender pasta packets are buried under a blanket of foamy foie gras emulsion, with the earthy maitake mushrooms peeking above the center like mountains breaking through the clouds. It's both rich and light at the same time, a complex juxtaposition that ignites the palate., The left lane in each direction will close from Ga. 20 to Hi-Hope Road from 9 p.m. to 6 a.m. Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights. Delays are expected., "It could be a very nice business," Creppel said. "It just may take some time.", oRight. Very nice story., The event offers an array of awards and honors, including recognizing players of the year — Cory Calvert, Chaparral, and Josh Scott, Lewis-Palmer, for boys; and Kailey Edwards, Legacy, for girls., As of July 1, 677 cities, towns, counties and other districts, and 355 education employers such as school districts took part in the state health care plans, according to the Division of Pension and Benefits. Last year, some plans saw increases of 20 percent and 25 percent., Eugene Pulliam was the influential owner of the Phoenix newspapers, and his wife, Nina, was a newspaperwoman in her own right and later became known for her charitable work. The Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust continues her efforts. Pullian died in 1975 and his widow in 1997., Spending six months, or a year until next November, running for mayor would be a draining experience for Reese or anyone else contemplating it, and we can understand anybody wanting to take a slow, careful look at the decision., "They may see this as a somewhat glamorous ending — that the youth got lots of attention, lots of sympathy, lots of national concern that they never got in life," said Anara Guard, a senior adviser at the Boston-based Suicide Prevention Resource Center. "The second possible factor is that vulnerable youth may feel like, 'If they couldn't cut it, neither can I.'", But online retailers have proved less of a force in selling basic, cheap commodities, he said. What's more, many of these discount stores inspire foot traffic because their merchandise changes fairly quickly depending on whatever surplus goods it comes upon., The civil rights attorney is a former journalist who has never before run for office. He wants to eliminate bloat in county government, create jobs and improve the county's children's services agency. He also wants to increase openness in government., The investigation found cheating at 44 schools and implicated about 180 educators. APS is in the process of holding hearings for other educators named in the investigation, and has fired at least four., How Stan and Dwight can make this work at this time - during a playoff push and a five-game losing streak - only adds another crazy episode to the Magic reality show this season., "I wish I had better news," the mayor said. "(The Maloofs) are now saying they don't want to do the deal, which essentially means they don't want to be in Sacramento.", Lt. Edward Zadroga said police were investigating the matter but did provide any further information., "We'll see tonight. The game is going to show," Kovalchuk said. "Nothing bothers me. I want to be back to where I was all season long.", Seven illegal immigrant students arrested in a Southern California street protest are now waiting to see whether they will be deported in a test of the Obama administration's immigration policy, students said Thursday., After graduating from Euclid High School in 1960, Wonnacott matriculated to B-W, where he would go on to receive a music degree. He then taught music at Stark County’s Northwest School District and St. Edward High School before coming to Center, teaching for 26 years prior to retiring in 1996., Hickson had 10 points and 13 rebounds in his return game. Hickson ended up as a small note in the Bee's game coverage, with coach Keith Smart saying he thought Hickson's good play for Portland was due to him getting more consistent playing time., For the game, Ohio State ran 37 times for 190 yards and threw 18 passes and completed four for 35 yards. That's twice as many runs as throws, but in the end, even 18 passes may have been too many., Later, he was booked into the Multnomah County Jail on accusations of being nude in public and disorderly conduct., I drive only a few miles into the desert before I begin to notice things. Either the landscape is changing or I am more aware of the complexities of the desert., But this is not the first nor likely the last time the township and the club have been intertwined in the justice system. And if nothing else, the case shows that with enough determination — and willingness to pay lawyers — it is possible to wage the legal equivalent of the Hundred Years’ War in New Jersey courtrooms., Abbreviated: Monticello Boulevard in Richmond Heights caught a bad break., He offers the service to his patients through the company StemSave. The company will take wisdom teeth, some permanent teeth or baby teeth that have been properly extracted., There's no skimping on historical detail for true maritime and Titanic junkies. Every available wall is plastered, in logical chronology, with details about every phase of construction, every firm and engineering speciality involved, and every part described from the ship's four 24-foot-wide (7.3-meter-wide) funnels to its six onboard pianos., "But above that, it’s important to remember that dry weather makes for some of the greatest quality fruits," Alstede said. "That’s when the sugar density is at its highest. So I think some of the peaches and tomatoes are going to have the some of the best flavor we’ve ever had.", Chances: Possible -- but not out of the top 10., "We got it done in 39.", 3 cups chopped onions, While lobbying has soared, benefit passing — in which lobbyists buy food and gifts for public officials — continued its steep decline. Lobbyists spent $5,687 last year, down from $7,476 in 2010. The practice peaked in 1992, when $163,375 was spent to wine and dine officials., A typical sanction for violating the no-politics prohibition in this manner is a warning to knock it off, and Kucinich indeed knocked it off, although the email was already circulating by then., Steven Brigham waived extradition at a hearing Wednesday in Camden., Albergo has cooked at several New Jersey restaurants, including Osteria Dante in Red Bank and Church Street in Montclair. Rather than learning his art in culinary school, he was, in effect, home-schooled. Starting at age 5, he began working at the side of his Grandma Rose, creating a foundation on which he would build throughout his life. Everything she prepared was from scratch and done right. The restaurant named after her reflects that philosophy., Eliminates a House provision that removed contact information for the Ohio Consumers' Counsel from customer bills and notices., HIGHLAND PARK — Two robbers, one armed with a handgun, held-up and assaulted a 19-year-old Highland Park resident on South 11th Street early Tuesday, stealing the victim's wallet., The league finally made noise on the matter later Tuesday, announcing a suspension of seven games, which is about what most people figured but roughly six more than the loyalist of Lakers fans considered appropriate., His restaurants are in the heart of the neighborhood, and his drink conjured up the mood of the Mission, showing some in-your-face passion along with an air of "I don't care about you I care about me" sophistication., If the new map withstands a Republican federal court challenge, Walsh contended that the tea party movement would help him get re-elected, even in a Democratic-leaning district. Walsh said he believes that the group represents "damn near" every Republican and independent voter., What's more, MEDA argues that funding for the Public Counsel -- its adversary in rate cases -- shouldn't be tied to the renewable energy law., Yes, most of them retire there. Some have been retired with their rider, because they develop such a strong bond. And some of the horses are given to organizations that work with disabled people because these horses are so calm. When they don't retire to the farm, we make sure they have a good place to stay., Police said that the motorcade is expected to leave the church, on E. Elliott Road just west of Power Road, around 11 a.m. It will proceed east to Power Road, then south to the Loop 202 San Tan Freeway westbound to Arizona Avenue in Chandler. From there it will head south to to Chandler Heights Road, then west to Valley Of The Sun Mortuary & Cemetery., "We're not trying to hide anything. We are out in the open," said Abdul A. Muhammad, the imam of the Masjid Ali Muslim mosque in Newark. "You want to come in? We have an open door policy.", Fat Head's is at 24581 Lorain Road (440-801-1001)., Swords Into Plowshares Peace Center & Gallery: "Visions of Peace 2012," multimedia exhibit by Detroit-area youth in support of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child. Opening 10 a.m.-noon Sat. Exhibit runs through May 26. 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Tue., Thu., Sat. and by appointment. 33 E. Adams, Detroit. 313-963-7575., Southern Cal, "I was shaken," Moore said. "I was scared. It was disbelief and shocking. It was a really sad moment.", Department of Ecology teams responding to the new spill determined by noon the material with the consistency of partially ground coffee beans floating on the Columbia was petroleum coke, said Jim Sachet, the department's spill manager for southwest Washington., The e-mail, received in his personal account, contained photos of four topless women and advertised "Walk Naked for America Day.", Nearly one of every six responding customers reported a wait of an hour or more. In a related note, the East 55th office also led the state in percentage of customers least likely to return the next time they have BMV business., Excerpt: The junior led Oregon to a home sweep of the Washington schools, in which he averaged team highs of 18.0 points and 7.0 rebounds per game. On Thursday, Singler scored 13 points and pulled down a team-best eight rebounds in Oregon’s 82-57 win over then-conference leader Washington. In Saturday’s 78-69 victory over Washington State, the Medford, Ore., native put up a game-high 23 points on 8-for-12 (.667) shooting from the, Critics of the spill response declined to dwell on Uberti's responsibility in the emergency operations, saying instead that they simply want the entire chain of events following the crash evaluated so responses can be improved in the future., 1 Anaheim chile, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, I had the freedom to ridiculously overload my car with things I likely wouldn't use. I didn't need to worry about baggage fees or weights. On the road I had the option to go wherever and do whatever I wanted, including stopping off at a store to restock anything I might need., Nicholas said he liked hearing the music and watching all the players come out on the court., "It's tough," Carmelo Anthony said. "It's an unfortunate situation. For us to lose a guy like Shump . . . we are definitely going to miss him.", He suggested the federal government adopt a constitutional amendment to define marriage as a union between a man and a woman and then let states weigh in for final approval., All but one of the major cruise stops — Lahaina and Kahului, Maui; Nawiliwili, Kaua'i; Honolulu and Hilo — have more ships scheduled to arrive this year over last. Only Kailua-Kona is expected to see a slight drop in cruise traffic., Hazell has been granted sufficient time to rebuild the program, not that you could tell at a recent spring practice., The hiring center will continue accepting applications from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Friday and 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturday., What does she like best about the choir?, COLUMBUS, Ohio - The Ohio House approved the final version of the $112 billion state budget Wednesday, ending months of raging debate and capping off legislative activity on the two-year spending blueprint., It's strapping but agile, with a fruitiness suggesting fat, juicy Bing cherries so inviting no one paused to wash off the Suisun Valley dust, which could account for the note of mineral complexity in the wine's jammy flavor. It's a firm wine calling for rich food, but its tannins aren't prohibitively rigid. In its concentration, it speaks to a wine made from mountain fruit, though Suisun Valley isn't exactly mountainous., John Gomard, who stopped to ask police officers at the library about the shooting, said he often talks about how safe the area is., From a consumer standpoint, cans make environmental sense as they are more easily recycled and weigh less, which cuts down on transportation costs. These savings will be passed along to the customer. Redner anticipates a six-pack of cans will cost 25 cents to a dollar less than bottles., If you're unsure about how much to tip or if you should give a gift at all, call the business anonymously and ask for its holiday tipping guidelines., Amazingly, he got the Jags to the AFC championship game in their second season, and twice in their first five seasons. His first five years there, his teams finished 4-12, 9-7, 11-5, 11-5 and 14-2. In the nine seasons since Coughlin was fired, the Jaguars have had two years with double-digit wins., Also Friday evening, James Connell, one of the defense attorneys for Ammar al Baluchi, aka Ali Abdul Aziz Ali, sharply criticized the military court system, calling it a “blight on America’s international reputation and her commitment to the rule of law.”, You don't have to shoot me, Baldwin said. He handed over his wallet. Then the young man asked for his cellphone. Baldwin gave him his iPhone., 3. When chiles are blistered on one side, use long tongs to turn them. Continue until the chiles are generously blistered on all sides. Place in a plastic bag, seal and allow to sweat for about 5 minutes. Sweating loosens the blistered skin., Phoenix police leaders said Drenth could have also faced felony charges because the sergeant's alleged misconduct would have met the criteria for grand-jury consideration. He was among the officers accused of receiving money for off-duty security work they didn't perform., This could all change soon. Besides "Damsels in Distress," she'll be co-starring in the upcoming HBO series adapted from Jonathan Franzen's "The Corrections"; and in June, speaking of a young Keaton, she's co-starring in Woody Allen's "To Rome With Love." A Greta Gerwig fan might even worry, the way a fan of a smart, unaffected band would worry about that band going mainstream and playing arenas — success can strip away eccentricity. At the moment, though, certainly no one in this Chicago neighborhood recognizes her., There's even a chance the county will lease Gibson Ranch to a private developer who has expressed interest. Frustrated by the county's dithering, developer and former Congressman Doug Ose is pushing to take control of Gibson Ranch and turn it into a profit-making entity., 9. Lance Lynn P, Watson is going to get more chances to prove he's legitimate, but I don't believe that's what we came to see this postseason. Same with Lucas firing up III-pointer after III-pointer. We came to see if Rose could lift this team to heights last seen in Jordan's era., "I have one comment about it, then I want to leave it alone. The professionalism and the integrity of the game is very, very important to me. I am a big believer in right is right and wrong is wrong. And that was wrong yesterday. It was very wrong," Tracy said. "To see Major League Baseball react to the situation in the manner in which it did, it just fortifies the importance of the professionalism and integrity of the game.", According to the United Nations, North Americans throw away a larger percentage - about 250 pounds per person - of their food than any other geographic group., plenty of fluids before you arrive and while you are on the course. Use suntan lotion. Do not wear high heels. Wear comfortable, light and appropriate clothing. Concession stands will accept cash and credit cards., A: I believe strongly in stewardship, mine and the organization's. Do what you say you are going to and I am doing that as well., And the defending Missouri Class 5 champion Stars did not disappoint. Granger racked up 25 points, 11 rebounds and four blocked shots as McCluer North overcame a late McCluer rally to pull out a 58-54 victory., Angelo did not get out to colleges as much as Emery plans to, but he did not abandon his scouting roots. He typically saw one college game a week, and was would still make visits to colleges during the week, especially colleges where he had longstanding relationships. Angelo also probably watched as much college tape as any general manager., GM will sell no common stock itself, but plans to offer preferred shares, which pay a dividend., oMore signings are among recent signs of a slight pickup in the housing market. New home sales fell in March but have risen over the past year. Builders are also more confident., Even flying to China and then buying a tour upon arrival is risky, says Wu., oAmy Senser was convicted of leaving the scene of an accident and failure to promptly report an accident, both criminal vehicular homicide charges, in the August death of Anousone Phanthavong. She was acquitted of a third felony charge of gross negligence. She was also convicted of misdemeanor careless driving., The Air Force unit is called to fight fire when all civilian resources are exhausted. In 2011, that meant hundreds of sorties to douse blazes and bomb retardant ahead of fires including blazes in Texas and Mexico., Recent campaign reports show that Democrats have raised $1.6 million and Republicans about $450,000., Their relationship has been through some rough patches. There have been "infidelities." The first being a brown monkey named Mandela. Mandela was a world traveler, having gone with us when we visited the Dominican Republic when Big Bits was only 5 months old. The little monkey was hugged as we took off from St. Louis on a cold February day and sat on a shaded table as we hung out by the pool for a week, keeping a constant eye on Big Bits and even letting a little green lizard sit on his head for everyone's amusement. Mandela got his name in the Dominican, as one of the pool girls thought it was sad that we were calling our child's favorite toy Monkey (we aren't that imaginative when it comes to naming toys either it seems)., What complicated efforts even more was that the open borders in the EU allow banks to operate freely across the bloc, but when lenders ran into trouble it was national governments — and taxpayers — who had to foot the bill. While the EU is now striving for a single set of banking rules, there is still no pan-European bank resolution fund that could relieve national governments., "I know the ocean well and it’s telling me that what everyone’s been saying: we’re due," he said. "I think it is (the big one). But I hope not.", Just what is this little cub up to?, Jay is batting .462/.500/.641 during his 10-game hitting streak., Some business and government leaders worry that the new United will close Continental's hub in Cleveland, potentially handicapping the region's business and leisure travelers., McNamee cooperated with former Sen. George Mitchell, who was investigating performance-enhancing drugs in baseball, and Mitchell eventually identified Clemens as a user in his report to Major League Baseball. Asked why he encouraged McNamee’s cooperation, Novitzky said, "we saw there was issue with performance-enhancing drugs in major league baseball" and that kids were starting to emulate the players., Getting there: Take I-17 north to the Sedona exit. Turn east (right) and go about 1.5 miles to the turnoff for the Beaver Creek ranger station. Turn north (left) and go about a quarter mile to the parking area., “The Deep Blue Sea” is a suffocating movie, and it’s meant to be., Carl said Tuesday that his district had submitted the paperwork to get the casino money and was waiting to hear back., Moustakas was less certain., A: Advice to non-profits. Get together. Don't re-invent the wheel with your projects. Don't over-rely on too few donors. Spread your message and mean it. And whoever told you that you have to take me to lunch or dinner or to a building site to get the message, is underestimating my abilities., "For my grandchildren," Gofton says in her beautiful British accent, "because my own children really weren't interested.", Lt. Mark Rosen, a Beverly Hills police spokesman, noted there was no legal deadline for investigating slaying cases. "We are not going to do anything that jeopardizes the investigation," Rosen said., The Vikings played six games in seven days and Cautela, the team’s ace, was in the circle for three of them. She turned in three superb and overpowering performances against Bishop Ahr (N.J.), St. John Villa and Moore Catholic. Cautela allowed just three runs, 11 hits and struck out 20 in those starts., The city's resolution is symbolic; the real debate over the proposed act will take place in the halls of Congress, not in Santa Ana's City Hall. But council members said it was important to send a message not just to lawmakers, but also to the young people of Santa Ana., Stanford will have a deep linebacking corps. Interestingly, Jarek Lancaster and A.J. Tarpley - the first and third leading tacklers this season - could lose their starting jobs. Noor Davis, a 6-foot-4, 233-pound verbal commit from Florida, may take over at one outside spot., 1:49: George missed 3-pointer., Vega’s lawyer, Peter R. Willis, said it was a sad day for Jersey City. "I was hoping that we could litigate this case. But in the end, I had to do what was best for Mariano and his family," Willis said., Several local groups, including Hearts of Hope, support a state testing law., "In the beginning we came across a lot of good pitching, and that has leveled off a little bit. All that stuff comes into play that we'll be able to hit more home runs, no question.", Darrius Heyward-Bey, WR, Maryland (in a trade-up because he won't be there at No. 29), "He told me, 'I'm getting older, what am I gonna do with all this stuff?'" Castinetti tells the Herald. "The trophy wasn’t even in his house, it was in the Sports Museum. If he could sell it and get good money for it, why not? It’s time to make some collectors happy.", "We don't need him to go out and throw for 350 yards and five or six touchdowns and be the player of the week," Horner said. "We just need him to be solid and be a general on the field. He was huge for us.", Harper, the No. 1 overall pick in the 2010 draft, also had his first multi-hit game with two doubles and a single from the No. 7 spot in the lineup. He scored his first career run in the fourth inning, knocking the ball out of the catcher's glove., In truth, these disparate percentages indicate a sophisticated understanding by the young professionals that, whatever the racial roots of public school problems, race now is but one thread in a more complex web of economic, social and political challenges confronting public education., That's because his father is Ken Williams, the longtime general manager of the White Sox. And while the Williams men have excelled in both sports, they all ultimately picked baseball -except for Kyle., The result is a raw telling of Ramone's life story, from a blue collar New York upbringing playing baseball and roughing up neighborhood kids, to early Ramones gigs with Blondie and The Talking Heads at punk-rock bastion venue CBGBs., If an offender is convicted of a heinous crime against society, he can be sent to a floating space prison, frozen like a Popsicle and carved up like a lab rat. On the bright side, security at the prison is spectacularly lax. There are worse tradeoffs., "There is no ability for local people to do anything to enforce the banks to abide by the spirit and letter of this agreement," said Charles Shafer, a consumer law professor at the University of Baltimore Law School, who was among those briefed on the settlement by Gansler., The bill originally would have let any employer opt out of providing health plan coverage of contraception for birth control., MALIBU, Calif. --- The Pepperdine Waves twice came from behind to take both games of a double header from the Portland Pilots in West Coast Conference baseball action at Eddy D. Field Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Portland held a lead late in both games, but the Waves were able to win the first game 3-2 in 10 innings before taking the second game 4-3., At 275 pounds, he's not a space-eater like Hankins, but he's seen as a very good athlete with great feet and sharp mind -- he's planning on majoring in pre-med., As the event came to a close, Roberts said she and her Delta sisters felt pride., "We are pleased to become part of Microchip Technology, a premier company in the semiconductor industry," King said., Go ahead, start building your life, even one with this guy, but pre-empt regrets by leaving ample room to grow. Or rather, rooms - separate ones., <U+200B>Good, cheap breakfasts (double egg sandwich, $1.75; pancakes, $3.50), plus subs, panini, focaccia, wraps, burgers, pasta and pizza are the draw at this popular downtown workers lunch spot., The loss also was the 14th for the Cardinals in June, compared to eight wins, guaranteeing them their first losing month of the season, "It's gratifying to see how many Civics we can sell when we actually have Civics to sell," American Honda sales chief John Mendel said in a written statement., Coon added that the State Patrol is adapting by better planning its orders., Place reserved peels and cores in a cheesecloth and tie the ends with twine. Add to the pot with simple syrup and bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce to a low simmer and cook until the liquid becomes light red in color, about 45-50 minutes. Discard the cheesecloth pouch. Strain syrup though a fine-mesh sieve or clean cheesecloth., Graumenz placed second at state at 119 as a sophomore but lost in the first round at 135 last season., Frankly, I was never enthused about the death penalty for Clemons. I thought he was the least likely murderer of the group. Gray seemed to be the alpha male. I thought he was the most culpable., Whoever was piloting would have been operating under visual flight rules, meaning the pilot was not being guided by air-traffic control and would have had to avoid the mountain on his own., NEWARK — Closing statements were temporarily delayed in the schoolyard murder trial this morning after a Superior Court judge refused a prosecutor's last-minute request to change part of the judge’s instructions to the jury before they deliberate., Radio announcer Gene Deckerhoff introduced Selmon, who was the Bucs' first draft pick in 1976 and played through 1984. His No. 63, long since retired by the team, and his last name were unveiled on the facade of the west upper deck of Raymond James Stadium., Evidence follows soon after at the first practice, when the little brothers standing on the court are revealed to be actual team members, not team members' little brothers., Not all of the Patriots<U+0092> defenders, however, were sold on the decision. Defensive end Mark Anderson said he had never been in a situation before where his defense had let another team score., 21 TIMBER TRACE CT $270,000, "We work together — that's the way we operate," Koczaja said., To try to improve operations, Under Armour has brought on a vice president of sourcing with more than 28 years of global sourcing expertise and a senior vice president of planning with more than 18 years of planning and supply-chain experience., Or walking the fields to a horizon that steadfastly conceals the world beyond., Inaki Urdangarin - the Duke of Palma - has not been charged with a crime. But he is being questioned at the courthouse on this Mediterranean island about whether he used his high-profile status to secure lucrative deals for a nonprofit foundation he ran, then fraudulently diverted some of the money for personal gain., "It was a great experience for me,'' he said of his time in Cleveland's front office. "We had a lot of success. Those five years were, from a winning standpoint and from doing things in the right way and in the community, were as good as the Cavs have ever had, and it's something we're all proud of.'', St. Jude now manufacturers a new generation of leads with a special, coated insulation -- Optim -- designed to prevent the problem, the company said. There have been no reports of protruding conductors in the more than 65,000 Optim-insulated leads sold since 2008, St. Jude said., By state law, the final draft has until Oct. 15 to win approval from the full 21-member "roundtable" of mayors and county commissioners from each of the 10 counties. They will now hold two months of public comment, in a dozen meetings across the region, to gauge whether changes need to be made to improve the list's chances for passage in 2012., New orders fell at a substantial pace, amid a faster output contraction and a decrease in output prices, despite continued rises in production costs., Most of those savings, she explains, will come from changes to the Medicare program, government-funded health insurance for the elderly and people with disabilities., Mac Wilkins, a Concordia coach who oversaw the completion of the throws center this spring, has served as consultant to Brown Trafton whenever she has questions about training or preparation. Wilkins was the 1976 Olympic discus champion., But the script – peppered with Poe references (some of which have to be explained), is fun, especially for Poe fans, who might be tempted to cast a jaundiced eye on this endeavor. Still, if the movies can give us H.G. Wells as a real time traveler (“Time After Time”), why not a Poe who is a lover, a man of action, an amateur sleuth who sacrifices all for art and love?, I asked him whether he was keeping up with all the controversy surrounding the city's financial crisis., Police will be looking for speeders, people who aren't wearing seat belts and drunken drivers. Missouri officials say traffic deaths and accidents generally increase between July and September., But his delegate troubles go deeper. According to the Ohio Republican Party tonight, the former Pennsylvania U.S. senator filed incomplete delegate slates in six additional Ohio districts., But you and I know this is a reality show first and foremost and the only thing that keeps "The Voice" from joining the ranks of such long running reality shows like "Survivor," "The Apprentice" or "The Bachelor" is the absence of a Nasty Elimination Round Catch Phrase like "You're fired!" "Please pack your knives and go," "Your tour ends here," "The tribe has spoken," "Ding Dong, the door's for you." "Give me your jacket and leave" or "Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. You're dead to us." All right, I don't even know where that last one came from, but the fact that there's a directory of these phrases tells me that "The Voice" should have one too., A warm welcome greeted the first of about 20 rescuers returning Friday night to the base camp just above 5,000 feet on Mount Adams., Now that would be a real train wreck., It looked like the competition would be close. As soon as the editors added up the scores, Bauer burst into the room and announced, "We have a winner.", A graphic designer, David has his own company "Ramgraphica" and some of his earliest poems appeared as part of his graphic designs. He has read in coffeehouses in San Francisco and Phoenix but this will be his Pacifica debut. He came to Pacifica in 2000 and he "loves it, quite a nice change from the Arizona desert.", "I'm pretty sure it's important to him. But I know that the team's welfare is more important to him. I'm pretty sure he'll make the best decision for the team.", "When gas prices started soaring, I spent the first week fueling up at the half-tank point -- so I would be paying only 'half' the price. I continued driving my clients through Laguna Beach at a good pace. Only now, I usually seek out the shorter routes from hilltops. Soaring prices or not, a realtor must do what it takes for her clients.", Among those debates: Southeaster Conference commissioner Slive prefers the four top-ranked teams regardless of conferences in the playoffs. Scott likes the idea of taking the top four conference champions as a way of moving away from the subjectivity of polls that dominant the current BCS standings., The Lynx went 27-7 during the regular season in 2011, and 7-1 in the playoffs., "It's not essential that young athletes eat a perfect diet all the time, but provided they get it right about 80 percent of the time, then they will have a great chance of putting in their best performance.", Pistons . . ., 1. Begin early, particularly if you wear a small size. "Prom dress shopping started in January and by this time in the season, we're close to being out of (size) zeros and 2s," Paula Mitchell says., Trout got the call early last season for the Angels and played in 40 games. He was just recalled from Triple-A on Thursday., VanZant was Parade Magazine's high school player of the year as a senior running back at Hazelwood Central in 1986. He drew comparisons to NFL superstars and was recruited by college football programs from coast to coach before signing with Missouri., PLEAD THE FIFTH., "The difference is, (camera companies) are doing the work, and the muni just gets a check from them, like a commission," McCulloch said of the cities that use cameras., Bachmann -- newest to the race -- drew one of the loudest rounds of applause Monday night from a partisan debate audience when she predicted that Obama would not win re-election. He is "a one-term president," she declared., Feb. 27 – A business was broken into in the 200 block of Southwest First Avenue., Beckham now looks for his momentum to carry over against Josh Tomlin (1-2, 5.48). Aside from throwing eight innings of one-run ball during a 2-1 win at Seattle on April 19, the right-hander has compiled an 8.10 ERA over his other three outings., Kuniskis said adding dealers remains a priority and the network should be close to 200 by the end of 2013., But the viaduct won't be replaced. It will be demolished, except for the portion from Washington Street to Brighton Boulevard that was rebuilt a decade ago, and I-70 will dive 30 feet below ground., The state's best attackman is off the board for the class of 2013. Wilkins Dismuke, a star for Rock Canyon lacrosse, has committed to Johns Hopkins., 4x100 relay -- Andrew Hill 48.00; 1,600 -- Vasquez (AH) 4:30.34; 110 hurdles -- Mach (AH) 16.3; 400 -- Biawogi (P) 53.5; 100 -- Trac (AH) 11.3; 800 -- Vasquez (AH) 2:14.48; 300 hurdles -- Mach (AH) 48.4; 200 -- Biawogi (P) 23.4; 3,200 -- Vasquez (AH) 11:01.56; 4x400 relay -- Andrew Hill 3:57.63; Shot put -- Reyes (AH) 38-1; Discus -- Moser (AH) 98-6<U+FEFF>1/2; Long jump -- Kuwatani (AH) 17-5<U+FEFF>1/2; Triple jump -- Trac (AH) 35-10<U+FEFF>1/2; High jump -- Benitez (P) 5-4., How, exactly, does Sizemore plan to compare special-education kids with regular classroom kids? Should teachers who teach the talented and gifted get paid more than teachers who teach the learning-disabled? Should teachers who work in high-income neighborhoods -- teaching the children of engineers, doctors and lawyers -- make more than those who teach the children of janitors, motel maids and waitresses?, PHOENIX--Dec. 08, 2009-- The Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President of Distribution and Strategic Services for Best Western International, Scott Gibson, has been recognized as one of Computerworld's Premier 100 IT Leaders for 2010. This highly-coveted award honors industry leaders who have made a positive impact on their organization through technology. These winners have successfully implemented a range of IT initiatives to advance their companies' performance., It was why Jahn decided not to attended public school football powerhouse Peoria Centennial and attend the tiny private school., As we leave, the staffer says, "But he WAS short.", Vidmer and Orzen saw their averages move up to .304 and .296, respectively. Vidmer leads the Tigers in RBIs with 17 and Orzen is second with 13., The first half of the solution is to be grateful for what we have. We differ greatly among ourselves in our level of affluence. But almost everyone in the U.S. has access to clean drinking water and flush toilets. Almost everyone will find a Thanksgiving dinner -- whether at home, with friends and family, or in a shelter. And everyone can find medical care in an emergency. This is not enough. But it is a set of blessings not available to half the people in the world. We must count our blessings., The well-attended ceremony April 12 held on Mabury Road south of the future Berryessa BART Station drew federal, state and local officials., Dykstra bio, Responding on the group's website, the video makers conceded they "sought to explain the conflict in an easily understandable format, focusing on the core attributes of LRA leadership that infringe upon the most basic of human rights. In a 30-minute film, however, many nuances of the 26-year conflict are admittedly lost or overlooked.", Despite all his years in a cage, he showed this amazing capacity for leadership, and he became the leader of this group., TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie is planning to scold the Democrat-controlled Legislature today in a special session he ordered for work on property tax reform., Inch by inch, Lilly's battered body was examined, X-rayed and photographed, often with rulers alongside the scar or injury. The medical team would document more than 100 scars and injuries in various stages of healing., "Afro-Colombian culture is more visible, not least because the people are more visible," said professor Juan Camilo Cardenas of the University of the Andes in Bogotá. "Displacement caused by decades of conflict has forced many more Colombian blacks from rural areas to the cities. And there is a push on for their equal rights with projects financed by U.S. aid.", On that note, people moved on to the final stop, passing the animal health laboratory on the way., They opposed the new city charter, drawn up in 2011, saying it, too, was a Lansing power grab -- but the charter passed., In Cleveland, the results were forwarded to the U.S. EPA and city's health department, Oros said. The agency and Cleveland officials used federal funds to clean up one site, the former Atlas Metals Co. on East 75th Street, which became a playground., While experts say what matters most to shoppers is the hotel's overall score, it pays to read the reviewers' comments, discounting the highs and lows. Consider focusing on those written by people most like yourself. Some sites allow you to highlight reviews from people traveling with children, couples or business travelers, for example., Birding in rural Lorain County, Paula Lozano and Bob Finkelstein found three blue morph snow geese in New Russia Township Park, a large flock of canvasbacks in the Black River, a two Northern harriers near Jones road., There was no one else that shared her name. The former Rutgers guard became the first Scarlet Knight to be drafted in two years, since Epiphanny Prince was picked No. 4 overall in 2010 to the Chicago Sky., I nodded, told him it would be ready soon, then went back to work, layering in the ingredients for this quick concoction that uses time-saver items like pre-cooked chicken, pre-shredded carrots and frozen garlic cubes. Even the chuka soba noodles, similar to ramen, cook quickly., "We have less overhead costs," he said. "As you walk in, you don't see any fancy offices. We're a pretty bare bones operation here.", "We calculate that on the back of what we already know for services, construction and industrial production, a reading of 0.1% to 0.2% quarter on quarter for headline gross domestic product is likely," Mr. Clarke said. The U.K. economy grew 0.5% in the first quarter., "i'm going to send Rosalita out to Patti, where ever you are come out tonight. She'll be here on Friday," Bruce said., The notion of a heroic, loyal pet still resonated, just as it had for the odd Duncan so long ago on that faraway battlefield., More recently, federal authorities used the law to convict a man and his two sons who distributed more than $200,000 worth of bath salts in West Virginia and Kentucky before getting caught earlier this year., Chambliss said the strategic partnership agreement between the U.S. and Afghanistan is a positive step. It commits U.S. help for security and development in Afghanistan through 2024, though the bulk of NATO troops are scheduled to withdraw and hand over control to the Afghans in 2014., In 2010, downtown had 29,725 residents, a 10-year increase of 23 percent. The Downtown Council estimated that in 2011, 36,100 people lived downtown, including the area across the Mississippi and in Stevens Square south of Interstate 94., Offering insight into Pat Brown and the Brown family <U+0096> sometimes viewed as the West Coast Kennedys <U+0096> "State of Mind" is an affectionate yet not uncritical look at Brown's career from the viewpoint of a granddaughter, daughter and niece of politicians who is also an experienced filmmaker., As baby boomers start turning 65 this year, at the rate of 10,000 per day, one in eight of them will already suffer from Alzheimer's. Collectively, 10 million baby boomers will die with this disease., Servings: 16 to 20, Venezuela's government is trying to close La Planta prison, following two escape attempts and complaints of overcrowding, saying the facility doesn't meet standards. Half the prison's inmates have already been transferred to other lockups., Detroit Edison shut off power to the area., “There’s a lot of very sketchy information about him at this point,” Kimbrough said. “I’m sure that there will be a picture that develops of him in more detail as time goes on.”, Lilliquist's biggest challenge is to maintain the program that Duncan instituted. The pitchers are in place and healthy. Lilliquist isn't likely to make any huge changes., But that is only part of the truth. The other part is the Cavs might not be the best team for him. It is known now that they are not close to a title, it only seemed that way. He's 25 years old. The seasons are racing past. He's in his prime. Despite all the stats and the trades and the money spent, the Cavs are farther from a title than when he was 22., The Mariners rallied from an early 5-0 deficit against Detroit ace Justin Verlander, loaded the bases in the ninth against versus Detroit closer Jose Valverde but couldn't come up with the needed hit in a 6-4 loss to the Tigers on Tuesday night., Obama took communion at the end of the nearly two-hour service. He and his family have attended several churches since his inauguration but have not settled on joining a specific congregation., But people familiar with the discussions told The Associated Press that Friday's talks moved beyond economic issues to cover other remaining areas where gaps need to be bridged to finish off a deal. That included player health and safety matters, such as offseason workout rules., Suarez is the last of those politicians still in office. Two others were convicted. Twenty defendants in the case have pleaded guilty., "You see that they're coming forward for the first time," said Command Sgt. Major Edward Mills, the Guard's top enlisted soldier. "They feel like they can come to us, and we are not going to hold it against them.", 1 clove garlic, chopped, Kobe Bryant takes a two-game winning steak over LeBron James into the Christmas Day game between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Cleveland Cavaliers., George Clooney goes for Oscar gold in this Alexander Payne film, which tells the story of a self-described "backup-parent" trying to reconnect with his two daughters after his wife is hurt in a boating accident., West Linn-Wilsonville school board members voted unanimously Monday night to reduce nine instructional days this year to contend with a $3.3 million shortfall in the district's budget., “This place is like a home to me,” she said. I spend more time here than I spend at home. This is my family. The bond we’ve created this senior year is something I’ll never be able to put into words.” Much of that, Oblak suggests, is due to the instructor., The agency, which paid $1.1 million for the property, agreed to sell it to Cumberland for $500,000 - a price motivated, in part, by the prospect of bringing more businesses and public-transit users to the neighborhood through Pace's $15 million project., Investigators are documenting the wreckage and hope to remove the engine of the helicopter by the end of the weekend, Bridget Serchak, a spokeswoman for the NTSB, said this afternoon., Slim can trace his family tree to England - 'The Prestons were silversmiths; I was hopin' they were stagecoach robbers or something' - but he can't trace his wit or his urge to gamble. 'I don't have any i-dea. No i-dea,' he says in his nasal Southern drawl. Sometimes he sounds like the fastest whine in the West. His father, a businessman, 'was dead serious. He didn't gamble. He used to kick my butt out of all the pool halls and tell the operators he was going to get them closed down if they kept letting me play.', But this difficult climate, educators point out, has some hidden benefits for aspiring business owners — namely, it’s creating access to both financial and human capital., Modern dance troupe Scorpius Dance Theatre will present its inaugural choreographer's showcase, featuring the work of 17 choreographers from Arizona and California along with five new pieces by Scorpius' director, Lisa Starry., 1210 W. Boston Blvd., $65,000, That fallback option was permitted under regional haze rules and gave PGE leverage to negotiate a smaller set of controls -- from $60 million to $90 million -- in exchange for early closure., DITA VON TEESE: A lot of people say they can't believe I started my career in Orange County, but I remind them that another stylish girl named Gwen Stefani came out of Orange County. A lot of cool things came out of the O.C. It makes sense that I came out this way., "Like Hitch said, we didn't break (against Nashville). That's nice to see, but ... we just have to work on bending a little less and getting more of our game in there the full 60 minutes.", Yankees make Rothschild new pitching coach - The Yankees have hired Larry Rothschild away from the Cubs to be their pitching coach. The Yankees also released Jonathan Albaladejo to allow the righthander to sign with a Japanese club. The 28-year-old has spent the last three seasons with the Yankees and had a 3.97 ERA in 10 games and 11 1/3 innings this year., The hearing will be led by Schumer, a blunt-spoken Brooklyn native who opposes Arizona's law and supports comprehensive immigration reform that includes a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants., In fact, the commission’s report contains numerous examples of irregularities at most of the 58 schools., At peak times in the pre-permit days, the trail could become "more like a freeway than a park-like experience," said Kathryn Phillips, director of the environmental group Sierra Club California, which at press time hadn't yet take a position on the environmental assessment., 78. Zebrie Sanders, T, Florida State, 6-5, 320. Started 50 career games for the Seminoles, having played at both the left and right tackle spots. Played in more a zone system at Florida State so some of the zone scheme teams in the NFL will be more interested. He has struggled at times in his career against some of the more powerful bull rushers he has faced. Gets pushed off his base at times and gets caught leaning., "The trend these days is to provide that core energy zone in the center of the hotel for networking, and one of the best areas of the resort is the area that overlooks the bay and downtown," said Loews Coronado General Manager Brian Johnson., One problem with this strategy is that those laws are barely adequate to police misuse of large sums by politicians running for office, much less politicians running around. What prosecutors will try to do is show that Edwards' real purpose was to keep his secret from voters, not from his wife, with money subject to disclosure and other laws., July 23 — Summer Table, Mediterranean Style, 4164 Pleasant St, $2,000, "Tim was one of the first people to invest on the boardwalk itself," said Terry Reidy, the one-time Montclair township manager who 7 years ago took the city manager’s job in the resort. "We’re really happy to have him here. Asbury Park is like exploding.", For 2012, "we don't expect much growth, but we don't expect any big surprises," United Technologies CFO Greg Hayes told analysts Jan. 25. "It's going to be a very long, slow growth to recovery in Europe.", Dear Amy: I have been dating a great guy for a year and a half, but he recently decided to pursue his dream of moving 1,000 miles away to attend graduate school. He is leaving in three months, and we do not plan to continue with a long-distance relationship after he is gone., For two weeks in March, students, teachers and administrators at Millennium High School in Goodyear were besieged with anonymous Facebook comments ridiculing their work ethic, social status, physical appearance and sexual relationships., As the electronic dance-music wave crests, it’s hard to imagine what it would have felt like to hang out through all of the just concluded Miami Music Week. We spent less than 24 sleepless hours there over the weekend, and we left with our ears ringing, exhausted and wondering when we would ever want to hear “Feel So Close” again. (OK, now that we’ve slept, we’ll be happy to hear it today.), "We really wanted to create a place of care and respect for the movies, for the filmmakers and for the guests," said Forman, chief executive of ArcLight Cinemas and parent company Pacific Theatres, which is based in Los Angeles., His children quite naturally want to hang out with their dad Saturday and Sunday. And because he equally wants to spend time with them, Grayson by weekend sleeps during the same hours as his children., The 81st Academy Awards hurtle into America's living rooms tonight with host Hugh Jackman, promises of a jazzed-up telecast, and 24 awards to present even though no one cares about sound editing and best documentary short subject., Heckert: "We just thought he was a better football player. Obviously, that is what we thought or we would have taken the other guy. He is a big kid, he's athletic, he played left tackle, he has played right tackle in the past. He is a very solid guy. He played well at the senior bowl. He is just a good player.", The NL Central rivals are scheduled to play a night game on Wednesday and a day game on Thursday that completes the series. They have one more series in Cincinnati from Aug. 17-19., Who has that kind of time or money? Not I. So I went for a week instead, taking in as much as possible. My plan would take me to the Highlands; I'd spend a day peering into the unfathomably deep waters of Loch Ness, plunge into the milieu of the Middle Ages within the historic stone walls of Scottish castles and hop across the water to see an island or two. I'd also try to learn a bit more about one of the nation's most famous exports: its smooth, mellow malt liquor., For example, the sponsors -- generally colleges and universities -- would be required to develop performance criteria and procedures to close under-performing charter schools. Charters would be granted for five years, instead of five to 10 years., A: 12 to 17, which represents winds above 74 miles per hour., At the start of the market's upswing in March, signs of stabilization were enough to encourage investors to buy stocks. Linda Duessel, equity market strategist at Federated Investors, said the rally has been driven by "less bad" information., Preschool nature program "Kids Konnecting with Nature: Tweeting with the Birds," a program for kids ages 3-5 years old, (with a guardian) will be at 9:30 a.m. at Cheyenne Mountain State Park, 410 JL Ranch Heights Road, Colorado Springs. Volunteer Park Naturalist Jeri DeCarolis will teach children about birds using a story board, bird songs and a craft. Check in at the Visitor Center. Register: 719-576-2016., Lordstown shuts down: General Motors temporarily shut down its Lordstown plant Monday evening because a supplier could not get parts to the plant. The unscheduled shutdown follows two down weeks at the plant as GM cut back on production to prevent inventories of unsold Chevrolet Cruze models from building up. Plant spokesman Tom Mock said GM does not know how long the shutdown will last., It was unknown Thursday if Singh had an attorney., On Feb. 16, Maricopa firefighters initially responded to a fire reported at West Canyon Creek Drive in the Pinal County municipality, where the suspect, Kassandra Toruga, had set fire to the victim's bedroom closet, police said. No information was available on Toruga's age or home address., The largest bargaining unit, Union Council 8, which represents 800 employees — 159 of whom are slated for layoffs — already voted against the reduction. In addition to the layoffs, which are scheduled to start May 1, the county cut 72 empty positions and initiated a hiring freeze for all "non-essential jobs.", -- Ben Stiller always takes one for the team. And give Will Ferrell and Steve Carell credit for the makeup sight gag, even if they knew it wasn't all that funny., Some of you have written to protest that you’d prefer to keep them both, suggesting that other strips fight for survival., A variety of business models were considered. In the end, the school decided to stop printing the newspaper two days a week -- Saturday and Monday. The changes went into effect a few months ago. (The newspaper had been delivered to about 40,000 households for free around Columbia on Saturday. The Monday circulation was closer to 7,000 -- the daily circulation of the rest of the week.), It is the final installment in a series in which the program has been looking at how several players who are expected to be taken early in this year's draft have undergone a detailed regimen to enhance their chances of impressing NFL personnel doing the grading at the combine, which begins Thursday in Indianapolis, and other player evaluation sessions., If the Giants lose, they'll face an elimination game the following day. On the road. With either rookie Madison Bumgarner or Lincecum, pitching on short rest, on the mound. Neither scenario holds much appeal., In other matters, the BZA gave the go-ahead for an indoor softball and baseball facility at 884 N. County Road 100W in Liberty Township., According to police, the suspect allegedly took car keys and a wallet Oct. 4 from a medical office on Millburn Avenue and later got his hands on the Camry for which the keys were issued. The Camry was owned by an employee of the medical practice and parked in its lot, police said; the credit cards were also issued in the employee’s name., A young man who was accompanying a 16-year-old missing San Jose girl on a VTA train was arrested on charges that he molested her, authorities said Thursday., Hoyt and her Republican counterpart, Matt Schuler, were among those to get pay increases. They now make $105,997 and $138,507, respectively., A fresh French take on the classic fairy tale from director Catherine Breillat, with a feminist twist. It stars Dominique Thomas and Lola Creton, and screens at 7 p.m. Friday and 1:30 p.m. Sunday at Cleveland Museum of Art, 11150 East Blvd. In French with subtitles. -- Clint O'Connor, Pink Martini chanteuse China Forbes had surgery on her vocal cords last year. She's still a band member in good standing, although Storm Large is handling vocals on tour., According to figures Lombardi said were provided by the HPD, there were 1,057 crimes reported in 2010 and 1,101 crimes in 2011. City officials say there were 1,062 crimes reported in 2011, but a spokesman could not explain the discrepancy., GAME NOTEBOOK:Neither team did anything on the man advantage. The Kings were 0 for 5 while the Blues finished 0 for 3. ... Greene's goal was his first since March 6 against the Nashville Predators. ... Kings C Jarret Stoll led all players with five hits., According to Town Administrator Denise Breder, there are 2,609 residents eligible to vote., “They have a nice blend of pushing the ball in transition, and then when you stop that – if you do stop it – they come at you with a little Princeton approach. It’s a great system.’’, On Tuesday, the Supreme Court will consider whether the lighter sentences apply to hundreds of cases in the pipeline when the law was signed on Aug. 3, 2010., Adult film star Ron Jeremy, a kind of figurehead for Sesso, sits at the bar, checking voice mail on his cell phone., Check out the draft successes and failures of the Cleveland Browns. Or find a list of all the Ohio State Buckeyes ever drafted., This contrasts, to a large degree, with sentiments expressed at a recent meeting of Abingdon's community council. At this session, it became a point of contention as to whether the council should act as an advocate, or simply as a conduit for information., Allow us to elucidate. The cube is a stunningly powerful object that the U.S. government has in its possession when the film opens and that Loki wants. Frequently referred to in the comics as the cosmic cube, the tesseract gives its owner nearly unlimited power and the ability to open portals between galaxies... which is pretty handy if, like Loki, you're plotting an alien invasion., Lee allowed seven hits, struck out seven and didn't walk a batter. Cain, no slouch, allowed two hits in nine innings. He struck out four, walked one and threw 70 percent (64-for-91) of his pitches for strikes., In Tanin’s view, Afghanistan’s location between Pakistan and Iran makes it especially sensitive for political security, Tanin said., "I'd have stayed with the band right 'til the end if it was possible," he said., Griffiths, who has led Truffles' kitchen since 2010, says he plans to open a chef-driven restaurant with a cuisine similar to what he incorporated at Truffles: modern Italian cooked with local and Midwest ingredients., Jeffrey Passel, a senior demographer at Pew who co-wrote the analysis, said government data now show a clear shift among Mexican workers already in the U.S. who are returning home. He told the Associated Press that data is a sign that many immigrants are giving up on life in the U.S., feeling squeezed by increasing enforcement and limited economic opportunities that they don't see improving anytime soon., There are few choices for tenants seeking large blocks of space in the downtown market, said Barry Dorfman, president and market director for Jones Lang LaSalle's Rocky Mountain region. Those that are looking are considering developing their own buildings., The OregonianDaniel Mondok at his celebrated Sel GrisHigh-end chef Daniel Mondok (Sel Gris) and Southeast Asian street-food visionary Andy Ricker (Pok Pok, Ping) will open a hamburger restaurant at 5339 S.E. Foster Road in January. Behind the tentatively titled Foster Burger (in the former Cava space) is ChefStable, a modern restaurant development company owned by business-savvy Kurt Huffman., Helton filmed Vanderdoes in the weight room and during the baseball team's victory over rival Colfax. He captured Vanderdoes homering and then pointing and grinning at Helton., Nonetheless, the chefs' cleverness extended to desserts, one of which was a salt caramel panna cotta ($7), which enhanced the richness of the gelled cooked-cream dessert with the ongoing trend of salted candy flavors. The custard had been allowed to set on an angle in its glass, but the glass was served upright for a funhouse presentation. Mint, macerated berries and cinnamon crisps offered supplementary flavors., personality of its head coach," Faucette said. "I always liked to think I'm a tough guy. When you have the type of kids we have (at the high school level) you have to be mentally and physically tough.", Dee Creek started out as an organic vegetable CSA and still sells vegetable-only shares. But now it's added meat and dairy animals into the mix on the farm and made cooperative arrangements with other growers. So for those who get on the e-mail list and place an order, there's cheese, chicken and eggs for sale, and plenty more depending on what's in season. Sometimes the huckleberry and mushroom forager shows up; other nights Steenbargen brings pickles or loaves of artisan bread baked by Nenad Indic at Julia Bakery., At William's preliminary hearing in April 2010, one woman alleged that Williams groped her on her way into a cellar area of the house. She said he then fondled her outside the home after she approached him to ask if he'd taken her driver's license and $10 out of her back pocket during the previous contact., Now here<U+0092>s a really cool connection. That delicious, creamy vanilla bean ice cream served with your profiterole at Aixois? It<U+0092>s made by Poppy<U+0092>s Ice Cream, once upon a time known as Doc<U+0092>s. Teresa Poppinga has been operating since July 2007 out of a little shop on the edge of historic downtown Lee<U+0092>s Summit at 307 S.E. Douglas St. You can drive there and enjoy a selection of ice cream, sorbet and custard, but you can also find her scoops perched atop some of the city<U+0092>s best restaurant desserts. The current wholesale customer list includes Grand Street Cafe, Café Sebastienne, Pierpont<U+0092>s, Blue Koi and Eden Alley. Favorite flavors?, "Everything is in boxes right now. We are awaiting a buyer for our house, which has been on the market since last summer," White said., In fact, if you<U+0092>re going to try to rationalize a stupid action by an athlete over the last week, you<U+0092>d have a much easier time doing it with Amare Stoudemire. Following the Knicks' 104-94 Game 2 loss to the Heat, Stoudemire punched the door that held a fire extinguisher and cut his hand. Reports still vary on how serious the cuts are, but he clearly won<U+0092>t play Thursday in Game 3 in New York and he<U+0092>s probably done for the series, which means he<U+0092>s probably done for the season. Stoudemire was immediately branded stupid, selfish and guilty of an unforgivable act., "I don't really know much about it," Connor says., This is disappointing to Monfort, who believes the Rockies are improved, citing the team's offense in particular. Through four games, the Rockies haven't gained traction, scoring only two earned runs off starting pitchers., "He said he was in the lead?" forward Logan Wiens exclaimed in mock disbelief Monday. "I don't know about that one.", Losing that money has got to hurt a laudable organization that provides critical services to the poor of Sacramento. Money is scarce in the state capital, as we all know., “We needed to conduct a thorough review to better understand the issue and make full repairs. We wanted to be certain everything was in order before returning the unit to service,” he said today., She easily found work as a travel agent and, later, as a marketing specialist when husband Gary's career in law enforcement relocated the family to Arizona., After the last of the student deaths, on April 7, the Kaist student council issued an impassioned statement that said "a purple gust of wind" had blown through campus., The other man is described as white, in his 40's and wearing a black skull cap. There have been other reported burglaries in the area so residents are asked to report suspicious persons or in the neighborhood, Hoelzer said., Closing arguments in the case are expected next week., Weapons were found scattered throughout the house, including an AK-47, an Uzi, and an unspecified projectile launcher, Johnson said. One weapon was found in the pantry of the home., So if not 2 a.m., what is the magical point?, The contraction in Spain's economy is dimming hopes that the government will be able to cut its budget deficit as predicted and raises the specter that the country might be locked into a downward financial spiral. A recession makes it more difficult to lower the deficit, and as investors lose confidence in the country, borrowing rates rise, adding to the financial pressure., Though it won't compete in the compact segment until later this year with the launch of its new Dodge Dart, Chrysler posted the biggest gain of any automaker with a 44 percent sales bump in January. Booming sales of the Chrysler 300 large car and Chrysler 200 mid-sized car drove the increases., The Kellogg award ceremony begins at 5:30 p.m. Monday in the Smith Memorial Student Union Ballroom, 1825 S.W. Broadway., On once being called "the most respected grape grower in Monterey County": "I am very honored to have that said about me. I believe it gets back to being detailed and passionate in the vineyard. Being Italian helps.", Sidewalks will have BiFi benches, with bio-filtration devices that sponge water from the street to plants in the benches., Saturday, that was CBS’ Final Four plan. Have Jim Nantz sit with Clark Kellogg and Steve Kerr, not just for one game, but consecutive games, thus non-stop courtside talk from 6 p.m. until 11:30., On the mass transit front, the state has promised MARC commuter train station improvements in Aberdeen and Edgewood, more train cars and more trains in both directions, as well as an equipment storage yard in Edgewood; however, none of the promised improvements and expansion have been delivered., In another salad, he combines wedges of tomatoes and melon ($15), arranging them with lightly dressed leaves of young arugula, chunks of tangy feta, coins of crunchy sweet hearts of palm, and dots of balsamic vinegar., New Jersey winger Petr Skora, who tied the game at 3-3 with 8 minutes, 38 seconds left in regulation, wasn't surprised by the Flyers' in-game turnaround., Reeves said the city and downtown shops should focus on creating draws for the three groups identified as least relating to downtown -- youth, high-tech residents and Latinos. The only specific examples she offered for bringing those groups in was hosting something like Maker Faire, an event showcasing innovation, downtown. Businesses should think about connecting to high school sports somehow, she also suggested., In March, Jessica Schnaider, 41, of Surfside, Fla., was preparing to shop for a wedding gown by spending eight days on a feeding tube. The diet, under a doctor's supervision, offered 800 calories a day while she went about her business, with a tube in her nose., Here are the numbers for top (as of now) Republicans in a possible Republican presidential primary in Ohio: Romney, 16 percent; Sarah Palin, 15 percent; Michelle Bachmann, 11 percent; Rick Perry, 8 percent; Herman Cain, 6 percent; Ron Paul, 5 percent; Newt Gingrich, 4 percent; Tim Pawlenty, 3 percent; Rick Santorum, 2 percent; John Huntsman, 1 percent, and Don't Know, 28 percent., His narration, which strikes a hilarious balance between sarcastic wonderment and exasperation, was an instant hit. The “Crazy Nastyass Honey Badger” video currently clocks in at more than 42 million views., "I am so excited and proud that such a wonderful and worthwhile program is receiving such prestigious recognition. The Vallemar Mouse Squad students are an outstanding and wonderful group of kids and are a joy to work with. Hopefully the Vallemar Mouse Squad experience will help them in their future as they grow into adults in the working world and give them a feeling of pride, self confidence and responsibility during their time in the program now," said Annette Holthaus, Mouse Squad teacher., In 1980, Basile worked in a pharmacy and partnered with his then-boss Joe Alba to open a card store in the Harrison Plaza Shopping Center., Reed said the shooting may prompt her to install security cameras in her cleaners, which has been on North Lombard for at least 20 years. "You just got to do what you can do to be aware," she said., Just running against DeCroce demonstrated that, he said, a subtle nod to the fact that several establishment Republicans endorsed his opponent., WELFARE CHECK, PEARL ROAD: At 11:55 a.m. June 5, police received a call regarding a possibly disoriented woman in a church parking lot. According to complainants, the woman took 25 minutes to park her vehicle and appeared to be wearing a nightgown as she wandered around the parking lot during a Mass. Police spoke with a friend of the woman’s, who stated that is simply how she dresses. She reported she was wandering around the parking lot because she hadn’t been to the church for a few years, and didn’t know where the entrance was. Police noted, “Other than appearing ornery, she appears to be OK.”, 8011 KNIGHTS CROSSING DR $262,000, Hey, Tom: Why did the Cavs cut Mychel Thompson and open a roster spot when they had no other player to take his place? Why not send him to the development league until they had a replacement? It looks like they still needed help at shooting guard against Miami. -- Jim White, Attica, Ohio, Where is this paradise? There are no clues in this ad, other than a reference to the "Atlantic Coast," which could mean anywhere from Florida to Maine., oPlay well and you can earn up to 25 achievements to show off to friends who use Apple's Game Center service, plus you can challenge friends' high scores in the leaderboards area., LaDonna Pavetti, who tracks welfare rolls at the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, said the program "no longer reaches the number of people it should. There are people who are in need.", Francesco Totti scored twice and had a penalty saved as Roma drew 2-2 with Catania in the veteran striker's 500th Serie A match., "Let's not kid ourselves," he said. "You're not going to get $40 million" from partnerships with private businesses and charities. He said New York and Chicago spend about $150 per person annually on their parks, while Los Angeles spends only $50 per person., Fund-raising totals for other candidates have trickled out in recent days, in advance of Saturday's campaign finance filing deadline. Thursday, Obama's reelection effort announced a $70-million take, with funds raised both for the president's campaign and the Democratic National Committee., Google, though it doesn't make devices, has digitized content from books and has its own e-bookstore. After Barnes & Noble began exploring a possible spin off of the Nook business, one of the parties it had discussions with was Google, people familiar with the matter said. But these people added that the talks were in very early stages., The Sun Devils opened the scoring in the third with Aplin lined a one-out double to right off Oregon starter Madison Boer (2-1) and scored on Zach MacPhee’s two-out double off the glove of Ducks’ shortstop KC Serna. MacPhee then scored on Riccio Torrez’s single, giving ASU a 2-0 lead., Branam didn't take the traditional path to academic leadership. After graduating in 1979, he took a series of engineering jobs at United Parcel Service, designing, developing and overseeing the company's distribution network. He moved from the engineering ranks into regional management and rose to the position of vice president of public affairs., What a surprise., The phrase "inspiring life story" is sometimes over-used. With Landwirth, it is most certainly deserved. His life is testament to both the American and human spirit., Because of the program's structure, many long-term owners enjoy steep discounts on their tax bills, while recent buyers pay the full cost, the recent Sun investigation documented. One result is that wealthier residents who have owned their homes for years pay just a fraction of their annual tax bill., There were discussions among key organizers, including Keep Indianapolis Beautiful and Lilly. Then, with more partners lined up, ROW had an invitation-only meeting in March to come up with ideas on how to use waterways to make the city more inviting., But some district residents and staff are worried cuts will be too deep, including possible cuts of some support staff., "There is no more pressing need than to get the economy back in shape," said Heires, a public relations executive until his layoff by a financial firm in July., WORST MOMENT: Most of the two-plus hours. I kept waiting for it to shift into a classic Disney pirate adventure and ended up thinking, "Is this the best they could do?", Phil Belanger, founder and chief marketing officer of Novarum, an Akron-based Wi-Fi consulting company, said improved technology gives Cleveland advantages that did not exist a couple of years ago. That technology has not only made Wi-Fi networks cheaper, but also faster and with broader coverage. Novarum plans to submit a bid for the Ward 13 project., Siciliano was shocked to discover that some people didn't take any security precautions at all before selling a computer., “Right now I’m looking at the second round,” he said. “It just depends on how I perform.”, "Our No. 1 priority is to recruit locally," SIUE associate head coach Tony Stoecklin said."We want to give kids an opportunity to be a part of what we are building here.", One of Indianapolis' largest and hippest antiques malls is expanding Downtown. Midland Arts & Antiques Market is adding exhibit space to its location at 907 E. Michigan St., with a keen eye toward high fashion., The following week, Campion appointed former federal prosecutor Andy Luger and former FBI agent John Egelhof to lead an internal inquiry, and he said the FBI had launched a preliminary investigation., Shumpert hurt his knee in the third quarter of Game 1 in the Knicks' first-round Eastern Conference Playoff series with the Heat. The combo guard was particularly useful to interim coach Mike Woodson for his defensive presence against Miami's Dwyane Wade, not to mention his ability to handle the basketball in the absence of Jeremy Lin, who is out because of a torn meniscus in his left knee., "We tried recently to calculate how many kids Frank had introduced to skiing, and we got close to half a million. And I think that's a true number," said Jerry Groswold, the retired 26-year captain of Winter Park Resort, who worked on Bulkley's ski train as a chaperone in the late 1950s, when the Eskimo Ski Club ushered upward of 1,600 kids from Denver to Winter Park and back. "I've found people all over the country who grew up in Denver and learned to ski through the Eskimo Club.", Chef John Griffiths took over the kitchen at Truffles in Ladue several months ago, instituting an Italian-inspired menu that seizes each day, highlighting but not limiting himself to fresh, seasonal ingredients. His often painstaking and intricate techniques reflect an approach that draws upon the best of both the art and craft of cooking., Yvette entered foster care when she was 2 years old and remains, voluntarily, under the state's rules today at 18., Forecasters have said Britain is experiencing some of the most severe winter weather in a century, with continued freezing temperatures and snowfall accumulations expected Monday afternoon and evening., Sewitch said Li obtained thallium, a highly toxic heavy metal that is tasteless and odorless, from the supply room at Bristol-Myers Squibb, although the research she was doing did not require it., The Standard & Poor's 500 index inched higher a day after setting a closing high for 2010. The index rose 4.72, or 0.4 percent, to 1,233. It was the second straight day that the S&P index reached a new high for the year., <U+0093>What I like about Legos is that they have kits so there's instant gratification,<U+0094> she said. <U+0093>But then my kids take them apart and build their own ideas. That's the best part.<U+0094>, Each spring, Berea High students enrolled in the Coe Lake Outdoor Science Education, or C.L.O.S.E., Field Experience teach district’s third and fifth graders about the environment, recycling, nature and other related matter. The curriculum is aligned with various Ohio and national science standards., But there's another important thread that runs through New Line's history: stripped-down performances of big-name musicals. In seasons past, New Line has produced shows like "Camelot," "Man of La Mancha" and "Cabaret" - shows that we associate with lush productions at the Muny, the Fox or Stages St. Louis. "Evita," the latest New Line production, belongs to this adventurous tradition., He was known on the street as <U+0093>Cokey Joe,<U+0094> <U+0093>Crazy Joe,<U+0094> or <U+0093>Shotgun Joe,<U+0094> a low-profile mob associate who ran Joe's Liquors at 19th and Vine., Ted Mondale, Gov. Mark Dayton's lead stadium negotiator, said state officials would study the results of the NFL's owner meeting and huddle with Vikings officials soon. He said the league's new loan program and its new television contract should produce more revenue for both a new Vikings stadium and the state., There are two main Whitney routes: Up and Down, the standard 22-mile roundtrip, going in and out the same steep trail, which is what most people do. Or you can do what we did, and what the big kids do, which is to go Up and Over, starting at a distant trailhead, hiking a giant horseshoe-shaped route, and coming down the main trail. We would carry our packs and our body weight up a total of 8,320 feet, according to my cumulating altimeter watch., A Smith & Wesson .38 caliber handgun was found on a pillar at the bottom of the driveway near the husband, McNally said., 5 Missouri 'A', o"You'd be disappointed if if they weren't trying their hardest, and they all are," Pemberton said. "They have to play those games. There's a lot at stake. Sometimes it works out, sometimes it doesn't.", The family has decided to send their two children to private school in the fall., For just the second time this season, Sullinger was held in single digits, scoring nine points on 4-of-7 shooting before fouling out for the first time this season. His first time under 10 points was when he scored three points in six minutes at South Carolina after hurting his foot., 805 Second St., Davis, Thornton knows his role could make all the difference in a life., Four seniors will almost ensure that it won't happen again., DeWine -- swimming in the same water as former Gov. Ted Strickland, former Attorney General Richard Cordray and former U.S. Sen. George Voinovich, to name a few -- has partnered with his counterparts in Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania to ask the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn a federal district court decision that favored the carp over common sense., The Fenton-based sales and marketing services company provides market research, travel and meetings and events services for corporate clients., Most everything except fish, sheep and energy - geothermal power plants heat most of the homes and buildings - has to be imported., Without giving details of what change's Nike had wrought on the league's uniforms, Goodell said, "I think this is more of a focus on performance and trying to make sure the athletes on the field have that great quality, high performance gear.", Canon City 10, Pueblo Central 0, NORA'S WILL, Cal Ripken Rookie, Spiro, the Temple University immigration expert, said the court easily could have passed on the Arizona case for now. "They could have waited for the more extreme case to come from Alabama, which really outflanked the Arizona law," Spiro said., "In education, we're always looking for the next best thing," said Meghan Barp of United Way, which put $2.5 million for early literacy. "This is the next big piece in the puzzle.", Seau, a 12-time NFL Pro Bowler, had struggled to adapt to life after a 20-year professional football career. He drove his SUV off an embankment in October 2010 after being arrested on suspicion of domestic assault. And while these things sometimes happen to people who don't knock heads and tackle running backs for a living, it feels like they're happening at an alarming rate among former football players., In Idlib, the explosions occurred about 6:30 a.m., soon after morning prayers, said one resident who lives in the Shimali neighborhood, in the northern part of the city., He suspended Saints Coach Sean Payton for the 2012 season. Goodell also imposed an indefinite suspension on former Saints and current St. Louis Rams defensive coordinator Gregg Williams, while Saints General Manager Mickey Loomis was suspended for eight games and linebackers coach Joe Vitt for six games. The NFL also fined the Saints $500,000 and took away two second-round draft picks., However, the original jury recommended the tobacco company pay Bullock $750,000 in damages and $100,000 for pain and suffering, a verdict that still stands., Fine kosher or sea salt to taste, Julie Cicik truly was a wonderful person who loved driving the bus. From the smiles, hugs, to the funny stories, she was always there. She truly made a bad day turn great. Truly, one person can change the world and Julie did that! Heaven must have needed an angel and they have a special one in Julie!, Franks recruited parent volunteers from each classroom to type and scan student submissions and to act as guest editors. That first spring, they produced eight weekly issues of the journal., The Denver Broncos, As for Davidson, it's a busy round-trip week. After several meetings in Toronto with producers and international sales companies about his future projects (his next film, "Compliance," is due in 2012), he'll fly back home to wife Lyon and their two young sons. Then on Thursday, he'll hop in a car with his dad and step-mom and drive to Toronto for "Take Shelter's" official festival screening., 2. Fenway Park, Boston: I<U+0092>ve been to Wrigley Field. I<U+0092>ve been to Yankee Stadium. You can have 'em. Nothing compares to Fenway in terms of the close proximity of the stands and the knowledge of the fans. Ignore (if you can) the arrogance of Red Sox fans. And appreciate the fact that they cheer when a hitter grounds out to second to move the runner along from second to third. Wrigley is all about the party in the bleachers (which is fun in its own right). Fenway is pure baseball., Accumulating years of vacation hours for huge payouts at the end of careers -- when salaries tend to be higher -- is viewed as another form of abuse., "I thought we had the right game plan," Sandstrom said. "We tried to keep it out of Book's hands as much as we could, and I thought the zone frustrated him in the first half.", The stimulus kept our rapid heartbeats continuing at an exhilarating pace. In fact, by the time we met Nikki and Stuart later that first day, the four of us came together with the emotional impact of a small car collision., It remained a 1-0 game until the 44th minute when Duchesne's Ashley Riley converted a penalty kick to tie it at 1-1., Quick-service restaurants are expected to continue to make up the bulk of franchise establishments in operation next year (21%). They are also likely to provide the greatest number of jobs (37%) of all franchise categories, and to generate the most revenue (26%)., The witness has refused to cooperate any further, forcing prosecutors to drop the second-degree assault charges against the six boys and one girl, court spokesman Matt Murphy confirmed. He would not provide any more detail about the witness, given that it is a juvenile court matter., The new backup quarterback for the Jets was booed at Yankee Stadium when shown on the video board Sunday night -- even though he was wearing a Yankees cap., DuBourg, the No. 6 seed, scrambled by Notre Dame 44-40 to win the tournament title Thursday., The unusual Oval Office exchange, after a nearly two-hour meeting, laid bare fundamental differences between Obama and the hawkish leader of America's chief ally in the Middle East., And in the end, I see that he is right. It is very clever of me to bring McDonald's french fries to a dinner party, but "to entertain," to gather your friends and offer your work and your art and your love is something far more gloried and dear. It is labor: foot-aching, kitchen-scrubbing, grocery-schlepping work, and true that few of us now can fathom the time required., There is no more diligent health care monitor than a parent like Doron Weber. It is not possible for any medical practitioner or care provider to exercise the same around-the-clock, moment-to-moment loving surveillance that such a parent offers. The medical community, with some notable exceptions, was bound to fall short of Weber's expectations, and it did., For those not born and bred in the South, cooking ribs can be daunting. They always seem to require multiple rubs, mops and sauces and to be cooked forever on low heat. It is hard not to think you need an official smokehouse and a real-life Southerner in the kitchen to get them right., 5. Car 54, Where Are You? (1994): Not that the old TV show with Fred Gwynne, Al Lewis and Joe E. Ross was a monument to quality, but the film with David Johansen and John C. McGinley brought actual physical pain. And guess who plays one of the female leads? Our dear Rosie O., After the impromptu trek through the school, Thomas and his friends walked over to the football field to run wind sprints in the 75-degree heat. He has a shot at getting drafted because his fastest time in the 40-yard dash is 4.39 seconds — elite speed even for the NFL. He’s worked out for the Jets and Giants and said he’s received interest from the Colts, Buccaneers, Jaguars, Rams, Broncos and Eagles., His group has spoken against the two cities' efforts to pass the ordinances., And, Maierle says, she and her husband realized they wanted to put their effort into improving their own neighborhood school rather than a school in a different community., Additional information about the marriage rally can be found at Support Gay Marriage in Ohio Facebook page, or by calling (513) 367-0223., "This seat will stay open," Sweeney said today. "We’re not going to allow the Judiciary to be intimidated.", The latest report from Multnomah County puts Kitzhaber up, 49 percent to 48 percent, a 6,000 vote margin against Dudley., Having watched other stars fritter away their fortunes, Dean said he learned to be careful with his money., These men don’t live at home for economic reasons — everyone seems to have a job., They'd been making the Model T at two Minneapolis locations since 1912, turning out 92,963 so-called Tin Lizzies in 1923 alone. And with the transportation network developed to ship grain, lumber and iron ore out of Minnesota, a robust market stood ready to be served., Though the planning commission could cast a vote next month, the City Council holds final say on the matter., Neothink makes acquisition: Neothink LLC, an information technology service provider in Willoughby, has acquired Harbinger Consulting Group LLC of Hudson. Terms were not disclosed., If a politician changes his position — but not the philosophy behind it — it may simply be an evolution of thought. People can and should grow. I certainly hope that one of my least favorite politicians, the late West Virginia Democratic Sen. Robert Byrd, changed his positions from what they were when he created a wing of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1940s., Police are keeping the investigation open to see if more victims of Guerra Guadron come forward., Avoid ambiguity. If someone asks if you'd like to go out, and you aren't interested, skip the procrastination and mixed messages. "It's often easier in the long run to be direct. Not cruel, but direct," Yeager said. If there's a real reason you feel comfortable sharing, you can add one briefly., "The services are completely different," Ahmad said in a statement. "We do not do any foreign exchange transactions at the Ohio Treasury and are confident all of our assets are secure.", Independent aviation analyst Chris Yates said the report appears "to raise more questions than it answers.", Daria Krivolapov, 20, of Clifton, visiting with a group of friends, held up an "Occupy Gothem (sic.)" sign., By Scott Powers and Mark K. Matthews, Orlando Sentinel, Prosecutors say Ferris Kleem gave Dimora gifts for years, including cash, a trip to Las Vegas and a refrigerator, according to court documents. Kleem has pleaded guilty and is expected to testify in Dimora's trial., "Before I won the lottery, I had to go to work, I had to do this, I had to do that, I had to, had to, had to. Now, if friends call up and ask if we want to go on a cruise, we don't have to plan years in advance. We can just go.", He spent several months in prison for taking gifts from favor-seekers while governor. Now he's a private citizen, but one wielding considerable influence as a radio talk-show host. He's once again mixing business and politics in a too-cozy brew., New Jersey in 1940 mirrored the rest of the nation. Thirty-seven percent of the homes in which the state’s 4.2 million people lived were owner-occupied, according to the National Historic Geographic Information System. In 2012, owners versus renters is nearly reversed, with 65.4 percent of homes now owner-occupied., A group of local activists who worked hard on helping to write the plan immediately picked up the nuance of the statement., The reason she decided to make her first run for office is because she was about to leave the pro-life movement in despair., Last year, New Hampshire legislators rebuffed an attempt to pass a right-to-work law there. An Economic Policy Institute brief summarized why: "A right-to-work law could lower New Hampshire workers' wages, reduce benefits, and threaten the state's small business and health care sectors while doing nothing to boost job growth.", A/X's core, younger consumer -- probably an urbanite in his 20s or 30s -- isn't self-conscious about purchasing undergarments in the middle of a bustling store, he says. This fashion-savvy customer knows, just like his girlfriend or wife does, that flattering, stylish underwear only enhances his overall look., oMary Sue Coleman, president of the University of Michigan, a Best Value public college, says her school spends more than $300 million in undergraduate financial aid so students can focus on their studies rather than their pocketbooks., Both adults and children will be delighted by the new exhibition The Art of the Brick® featuring over 25 awe-inspiring and thought-provoking large-scale sculptures created out of LEGO® bricks by artist Nathan Sawaya. While the exhibition is on view, a special area will be set up where visitors, inspired by Sawaya's work, can build their own fantastic LEGO creations., “AHI and its member companies have supported the stakeholder approach used by FDA to reach this point and we will continue to work collaboratively to implement the policy goals articulated in these documents...We strongly support responsible use of antibiotic medicines and the involvement of a veterinarian whenever antibiotics are administered to food producing animals.”, It won't be enough to upset the GOP's anointed candidate <U+0097> not in this election cycle. However long Paul remains in the race, he can only hope to hold on as a protest candidate., But Head wasn't an artist. She had started taking art classes because her duties had expanded to teaching art at her school. But Head was just a beginner. "She was only drawing oceans," Claassen said. So she "borrowed" work from her art school and created a dazzling portfolio that wowed Greer. Head bid adieu to teaching French., Portland State basketball has added another player to the program with signing of Marcus Hall, a 6-4 wing from Fresno City College, to a national letter intent., Marriage between a man and a woman has its origins firmly grounded in the objective reality of human nature. Our human reason informs us that man and woman are made for each other. They complement each other physically and socially. Only the sexual union of a man and a woman can bring a new life into the world. Assistive reproductive technologies do not alter this reality any more than airplanes alter the reality of gravity., He said Gutierrez was charged with attempted murder, aggravated assault and weapons possession offenses., After the sun set on the '60s, his popularity faded. He continued to record and to perform, albeit less frequently., The Supremes and Brenda Holloway were among the Motown acts featured on the 1964 edition of his annual Caravan of Stars tour., When: 5-10 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 1., "I got out of the car and all I could hear were birds singing," Lutrin recalled., The amendment by Sen. Ben Nelson, D-Neb., would bar any private insurance company from offering plans to cover abortion if they receive federal subsidies. In practice the restriction would apply to most plans within a proposed new insurance marketplace, or exchange, since most people shopping in the exchange would be using federal subsidies to purchase coverage., Opposition to both projects - one on the riverfront in Spanish Lake in St. Louis County and the other in St. Louis City just south of the Chain of Rocks - came under fire from local environmental groups and area residents who argued that, with six casinos open, the St. Louis region has enough already., St. Mary's at Trinidad, Miner Stadium, 7 p.m., "I felt really good," Lohse said. "I was moving the ball around well. Today I came in and just wanted to see if I could put it all together. I had pretty good command of all my pitches. I threw some very curveballs there in the final few innings. I think that's going to be a very good weapon for me. You want to come out of your last one feeling good.", Rather than destroying tenure, the teachers groups advocated setting clear standards and giving teachers regular feedback on where they stand and how to improve., Leaders: M. James, 17.2 ppg; D. Lamb, 7.9 rpg; A. Miles, 4.1 apg., "A blowout these days is an affordable luxury similar to a manicure or pedicure," says Melanie Groom of Blo, a Toronto-based chain with a San Francisco location and plans for expansion in the Bay Area. "We feel really, really good when our hair is done. There's a certain way you walk. That's the No. 1 thing we try to have them leave with ... more confidence.", "No, why?" Jimenez told MLB.com on Monday. "He was calling me (names). I said already that I didn't mean to hit him. It was a pitch that got away.", On Wednesday, the inspection of 33 commuter vans resulted in 285 citations for a range of safety infractions including bad brakes, faulty steering components, non-working emergency exits and lights, and bald tires, DeFazio said., He'd also have to believe that the immediate use of force was necessary to defend against that danger. And he'd have to have used no more force than was "reasonably necessary" to defend against that danger., Vladimir Putin has chosen the head of the International Olympics Committee for his first official meeting on the day he was sworn in as president., "Our Egyptian mummies were purchased from the Egyptian government at the time of the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 and half of them haven't been on display since then," says Robert D. Martin, the A. Watson Armour III curator of biological anthropology at the Field Museum., "The Kings' position has not changed," Rose said. "They desire to stay in Sacramento and are working diligently toward that end. And the Kings are not for sale.", When I asked about the tasting menu, the waiter was vague, saying hesitantly that it changed nightly, and then rattling off several items such as squab, foie gras and butterfish that might be included. It was such a poor selling job that if I had been undecided, I would have forgone the tasting menu for the less-expensive option; that would have been a mistake., Under Armour's women's apparel business, a fast-growing category that accounts for nearly 30 percent of its clothing sales, is expected to benefit from another new product, the "Armour Bra," which the company said it designed with the help of doctors and athletes., And no one is better at breeding killer whales than SeaWorld., His mother, who showed a sense of humor with the dig about the club caddie, remains his biggest fan. She rarely comes to tournaments and cares only that her son is happy, even if he wants to stop playing golf and come home to Los Angeles., Darvish, with an Iranian father and Japanese mother, has a unique background that the national news media will love. He is charismatic, talented and he's pitching in a major market., the whole story, "The money would definitely help," he said. "I want to teach people how to cook healthy Latino food.", Partly, investors have begun to note a shift in public sentiment toward tech stocks. "People are always torn between greed and fear," Fletcher said. "And stocks have gone up, so we're in sort of a greed cycle right now.", "And if you follow it, it will lead you where you need to go.", The event, which will take place at Hopewell Valley Vineyards in Pennington, will include a wine tasting and silent auction., Reach The Heat Index at 602-444-8271 or bob.young@arizonarepublic.com., Robert had arrived with the initial four who traveled two days from Uganda to Kenya to Turkey and then to the United States., "We will start with an excellent opponent that we faced in the World Cup and that is a good thing," U.S. coach Pia Sundhage said. "Once again, we will be facing teams with different playing styles and that is a challenge our team enjoys. When the draw happens, it energizes our players and brings even more of a focus to our team. We also have the chance to start scouting and preparing for what will be an entertaining and extremely competitive first round.", The man had lost an extreme amount of blood due to a tear in his esophagus, but Green inserted an IV and administered fluids and medications that stabilized him for the rest of the flight., She was nationally ranked and accepted a scholarship offer from Ohio State -- a school with great golf history, with the likes of Jack Nicklaus, John Cook, Tom Weiskopf and several others who went to play on the PGA Tour, as well as LPGA Tour golfers Rosie Jones, Meg Mallon and Portland's Allison Hanna., The changes begin when you pick up Manao's menu, heavy on interesting, unusual dishes from across Thailand, many unfamiliar to Western diners, including a pork shoulder curry, spicy lemongrass salad and seared chicken thighs. Look closer, and you'll find another stark difference: there's no pad Thai., Take the local, small-town druggist., Prosecutor Francesco Verusio confirmed reports that prosecutors are investigating allegations the cruise liner's captain, Francesco Schettino, abandoned the stricken liner before all the passengers had escaped., "Ezequiel has to continue to work on his game," said Acta. "We sent him down to make sure he can get enough at-bats before the minor-league season starts.", Working with the council, FitzGerald has instituted a strict ethics policy and cracked down on questionable hires -- a staple of the previous regime., Such words make Tim Brown happy., Kimmel also harked back to the Etch-A-Sketch label with which Romney was recently hit, saying that he saw the former Massachusetts governor as more of a game of Twister., Fans knew Barret Jackman liked to rumble, but who knew Sobotka was so good with his fists? Not Dominic Moore, who squared off with Sobotka at the end but got caught off guard by Vladimir's haymaker. Lesson to the kids out there: If you square off with a foe, you can't be surprised when the guy decides to swing at you., In a bipartisan show of concern, Doherty was joined by Sen. James Beach (D-Camden) in introducing a state Senate resolution Monday, "urging Congress and the President to address privacy concerns raised by the advanced imaging technology employed at airports or to discontinue their use.", Corzine recognized that the pension fund was in deep trouble, and in 2008 signed legislation to reduce abuse of the system., The Panthers locked up the game with five runs in the sixth and seventh innings., Even that has risks because of the large area and depth of contamination. Excavation could pose a health risk because it would require digging a mammoth hole in the ground that could allow harmful vapors to escape., Charles R. Priestly, 48, ran a Louisiana company called Hummingbird Aviation. Although he won a contract to supply helicopters and personnel to the U.S. Transportation Command for use in Afghanistan, the Federal Aviation Administration denied clearance for Hummingbird to operate there, killing the deal., The Dodgers had their getaway day Sunday, and did it ever stink like it. They played the Diamondbacks, which of course aren’t going anywhere for another week, and fell 6-2. All while managing one hit through eight innings, before finally adding two in the ninth inning., "@ThePack_Man: Y would @JonVilma51 use the #SI cover of the bounty scandle?"bc Jon Vilma can.", Southeastern Conference champions, Already, three men convicted with help from a discredited dog handler -- who manufactured bogus evidence to connect suspects with crimes -- have been exonerated after spending years, even decades, behind bars., oIn 2011, commuters could put aside up to $230 a month in pretax dollars for public transportation. This year, though, the maximum is just $125 a month., Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Keep your eye on the goal while your heart is in the moment., The beauty of James' folly is he's running in his native Texas. Sure, he starred there at SMU, but that outlaw era earned the program the NCAA's only death penalty. More than two decades later, James' ESPN-enabled crusade helped take down Texas Tech coach Mike Leach. Many sins are forgivable in Texas. Toppling two nationally ranked football programs isn't one of them., 100 block of North San Tomas Aquino road, 9:37 p.m. Friday A gold mountain bike was stolen by a "very skinny" man in his 20s, about 6-foot-3 and 140 pounds, according to the owner who saw him take it., The Oregonian caught up with the couple in their Portland home -- where they've lived since 1947 -- to learn their secrets to a long and happy marriage., And unless there’s some miracle — or government intervention — the price at the pump should quickly climb that extra 18 to 20 cents. (I would happily be wrong on this, but I did fill up this morning.), Lifetime: The cable movie, "The 19th Wife," starring Chyler Leigh and based on David Ebershoff's novel, premieres at 9 p.m. Monday, Sept. 13., “What the stat sheet doesn’t show is how important every single one of them was,’’ Robinson said., Thailand, 54632 Bradshaw Dr., $123,000, "The good thing about this ESPN poll, we didn't ask for it, we didn't do that research, it came over the transom," Garber said. "That's empowering to us ... that gives us a market. We've got to go out and try to capture that market with the right players, with the right programming, with the right stadiums, with the right experiences. I can't imagine how we don't do that. The question isn't if, it's a matter of how long will it take to be able to achieve it.", In a large saucepan, whisk together the beer, tomato paste, brown sugar, vinegar, 2 tablespoons of the toasted sesame oil, the soy sauce, garlic powder and mustard powder. Add the star anise and pork. Bring to a simmer over medium-high, then cover and cook until very tender, about 40 minutes., Q: After 15 years, how do you keep it fresh for yourself and your customers?, The brothers had no visible reaction when the verdict was read, though Eliyahu's wife left the courtroom in tears. Their attorneys said the brothers were relieved by Avi's verdict, but devastated by the judgment against Eliyahu. The brothers could have faced up to 13 years if convicted on all three charges. Eliyahu now faces up to 10 years on the assault count at sentencing in June., The Hunterdon Chrysanthemum chapter of the National Chrysanthemum Society will hold its annual plant sale Saturday, May 19, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at Fieldview Farm, 342 Quakertown Road near Quakertown in Franklin Township. If using GPS guidance, enter Flemington as the town., "The Dictator": Comedy starring Sacha Baron Cohen about a flamboyant dictator who's out to protect the country he oppresses from democracy. With Anna Faris, John C. Reilly and Megan Fox. Rated R for sexual situations, language and nudity., The government accused J&J subsidiaries of providing money and travel gifts to doctors in Greece, Poland and Romania in exchange for their prescribing J&J products to patients. The SEC says J&J agents used fake contracts and sham companies to deliver the bribes. The SEC says the bribes began at least 13 years ago., Councilwoman Lorri Galloway said she had spoken recently with Kings’ co-owner George Maloof, and “I personally reminded him that Anaheim wouldn’t charge any pre-development fees.”, "We believe there are a lot of distressed assets out there beyond Atlantic City," he said. "Atlantic City is the core of the company, but for any one company to put all its eggs in one basket is dangerous.", "The faces of the other guys look familiar, but I can’t remember their names., "The Harborage takes this issue very seriously. We have a zero tolerance policy with respect to the improper treatment of any of our residents," a hospital spokesman said., John E. Ryan, "I will build on what I've heard during my roundtables with women. For example, my sessions with military wives have been so hard, but they inspire me, too. All these working-class problems and, on top of that, their husbands are doing two and three tours of duty and coming home with mental health issues and no resources for adequate treatment. Those stories are devastating, and I want to be a voice for them on those issues.", Spanish unions estimated that nearly one million people marched throughout the country, a number that wasn't possible to corroborate. According to union calculations, the marches in Madrid and Barcelona each drew roughly 100,000 people., -- President Barack Obama, In addition, the CPUC has started three separate investigations into what went wrong at PG&E that led to the explosion., Local residents have joined with neighbors from other communities in cut-a-thons, barbecues, bar gatherings and other events to raise the money., A skeptical House committee voted down a request to expand and continue a Washington County pilot program — using GPS to monitor certain criminal defendants — so it apparently will end this year., "I know we practice hard and fast but (the veterans) are practicing a half-hour to 45 minutes less (each day),'' he said., What a joy it was to drive with my birding buddy Jeff Wert into Holmes County on Sunday and to almost immediately find a tree swallow perched on a utility wire, its white breast glowing in the first light of morning. We would see a half-dozen more swallows before noon, snatching insects on the wing over the fish hatchery ponds., Andy Pettitte signed a one-year deal with the New York Yankees, presumably because Whitey Ford will not come out of retirement at 83..., Best Rock Album, Another possibility is instituting combined reporting measures to plug corporate tax loopholes. Now, multi-state corporations can avoid paying Missouri corporate income tax by headquartering in another state and funneling profits there. At the same time, Missouri's locally owned companies are paying the taxes they owe. Multi-state corporations should contribute to the Missouri services and infrastructure from which they benefit., Michael Richardson, assistant manager of We Build, a pre-apprenticeship construction training program run by the Los Angeles Unified School District, said that's been the case in South Los Angeles., So expect even more of these monthly updates about the highway., Border security is essential to national security -- and Arizona's peace of mind., Stop me if you’ve heard this one., “We’ve had a heck of week,” Bollendorf said, adding that Petolicchio’s role as a counselor was key to helping students make it through the difficult time. He talked about the way in which both Petolicchio and Morris—nicknamed T-Money due to his economic lessons—display a “deep sense of caring and connection,” with the students. He talked about the uniqueness of the two receiving the award, in the fact the Petolicchio in a graduate of WTHS and even had Morris as a teacher years ago. Bollendorf also extended his appreciation to all of the educators honored that evening., It was justified as a war measure, but FDR's hostility toward the Japanese predated the attack on Pearl Harbor. As early as 1925, he wrote in a newspaper column that the presence of Japanese in California was a "nightmare" that posed a danger of racial intermarriage. Noting "repugnance" at the idea, FDR wrote "the mingling of Asiatic blood with European or American blood produces, in nine cases out of 10, the most unfortunate results.", The next meeting of the UFO group will be held on Friday, March 16, at 7:30 p.m. at Boxelder Basin Wellness Retreat on Johanna Farms Road in Raritan Township. Refreshments will be served, and there is a small charge to cover expenses., Colton Lock's victory in the 300-meter hurdles ultimately pulled Queen Creek to the boys Division II championship Saturday night at the state track and field championships at Mesa Community College., Since the series resumed in 2008, it's been men-only. All three meets have taken place in Eugene., Mick Jagger will get funny (or at least try to) later this month as host of the "Saturday Night Live" season finale., By now, you are probably wondering: where is the Big Boi album? Well, it's here, sad to say. It never clicked for me, and I'm not entirely sure why. I always love Big Boi's rhyming, and some of the individual tracks are fantastic, but I find the second half of the record a real chore. I admit that I could never get into the tracks with Janelle Monae and Jamie Foxx, and they're back to back, and right after that there's the George Clinton song that I don't understand. I zone out around there and only re-engage when "Shine Blockas" comes on, and that type of thing never happened with an OutKast set. I adore them to pieces, and I will happily pay money for anything they put out, but I'm convinced now -- Andre and Antawn really do need each other., At the monstrous par-5 16th, Woods sent his drive into the right rough. He used a fairway metal to hit a hard slice through branches and into the middle of the fairway. The crowd roared -- but it wasn't the Tiger Roar., "Everything evolves from a survey that gets sent to the clubs," Fisher said. "It's probably a 60-70 question survey.'', The deputy attorney general, Steven Farman, asked Coleman to consider Williams’ character in the sentencing., When Bicakcic was little, his aunts and uncles would see him sitting under a portrait of his grandfather, who died in 1941, and be stunned by how much alike they looked. After returning from World War I, the grandfather, Edhem Bicakcic, had returned to his wife, Razija, and became mayor of Sarajevo., Foreclosures have continued to be stalled in some states because of court delays. In New Jersey last month a judge ruled that four major banks could resume uncontested foreclosures under court monitoring. This ruling led to a 42 percent increase in homes receiving a default notice in August from the previous month. In Atlantic City, N.J. alone default notices rose 68 percent., At age 90, Saunders still walked a few blocks daily along Superior Ave. from his apartment to his office. He died Tuesday, Dec. 27, at the Stokes VA Medical Center, at 91., Take in a Mehlville game and the odds are pretty good that you will see Zufall inbounds, somewhere on the gridiron. There is just no guarantee what he'll be doing and from which position., Bar service: Chic, unique cocktails and a fascinating collection of international beers and wine., Saratoga's Got Talent: An opportunity for Saratogans to share their talent and have a good time. Live musical performances, standup comedy, karaoke, poetry, blog reading--just about anything goes. Every month a different theme to the talent show. A monthly event, held the first Saturday of each month, 7-10:30 p.m., at Blue Rock Shoot 14523 Big Basin Way, Saratoga. For event information visit www.facebook.com/Sarato gaTalent or subscribe to the email group http://groups.google.com/group/Sarato gaTalent/., For adventurous travelers, mas o menos can also translate to opportunity. The decline in foreign visitors - from 264,000 in 2005 to 190,000 this past year through October - means there are bargains to be had, and no hordes to fight. Smith, for instance, negotiated half-price rates at the nearby beaches of Puerto Escondido., "Why did she do it? Was it premeditated?" he said. "Did she have a history of violence? A lot will be determined by what they find in her background.", WHAT YOU REALLY WANT to know, Mr. and Ms. No-Longer-at-the-Center-of-the-Car-Universe, is: How will it affect me? This will be a case-by-case question driven mostly by product-planning arithmetic, but in some ways it's already happening. Luxury car makers' front-end designs, from Buick to Volvo, increasingly reflect Chinese-market tastes. The results are not always auspicious; witness the Bentley sport-ute concept., The victim, identified by the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office as James Reddick, 58, was found unresponsive after being shot in the head about 11:25 p.m. Wednesday in the 700 block of East 87th Place. Police said they arrested a suspect after a short chase., Menendez also touted his pushing of various immigration bills in Congress, including the Dream Act, which would give some children brought into the U.S. illegally a path to citizenship., How does this revelation affect the 2011 field? Eminem is the oldest nominee, and he’s definitely male. He fits the profile of an Album of the Year winner — he’s been kicking around the Grammy lists since “The Slim Shady LP” won Best Rap Album in ‘99. At 24, Lady Gaga is the youngest in the field. But she’s not exactly an ingenue — she’s a known quantity. Morissette came out of nowhere, or Canada; Gaga feels like she’s been on magazine covers forever. The “Bad Romance” singer gets the 10 points, but a little grudgingly., Wall Street giant Morgan Stanley, the project's major backer, pulled out in April 2010, deciding it was better to take a nearly $1 billion loss on the project than see it through to completion., With the bar set at 5-8 1/4, Ellis was agonizingly close on her final two attempts, but will have to wait another day to top her school-record mark of 5-7 1/4, set last Wednesday in a dual meet against Forest Grove at Hare Field., Chris Goldfinger, an Oregon State University marine geology professor, happened to be in Japan on March 11 and experienced the magnitude-9 quake, which cut short an earthquake conference he was attending., "People should be able to avail themselves of the protections that Congress has set up," said Budish, a partner in the law firm of Budish Solomon Steiner & Peck Ltd. "I have helped people understand their rights and cope with federal and state laws.", Last year, Adidas America hired a real estate company to offer its office space in North Portland for sale with plans to lease back the property. The move revived talk among the Portland footwear community that the company was poised to move at least part of its operation to Reebok's headquarters in Canton, Mass., near Boston, Even during good times, the corporate tax cuts that were supposed to make Florida a corporate utopia never worked out as billed., A few residents of Cornflower Court, which intersects with Rolling Meadows Road near the Brewingtons' home, said they didn't know Brewington well but saw her often., A hiking injury forced Lortie to cancel all his engagements for the next several months; he's expected to make a complete recovery. Sinaisky is suffering from unspecified scheduling conflicts., •Maryland Access Point (MAP) — Part of the Howard County Office on Aging, is an information and assistance gateway for older adults, people with disabilities, family members, caregivers and professionals. Types of information offered include respite and home care, long-term care, in-home evaluation, aging in place/home modifications, retirement/planning for the future, Medicare and health insurance, chronic disease management, housing, transportation, income management and legal services. Appointments are conducted at the Columbia office, the senior centers or in your home, weekdays, 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Contact MAP at the number above, map@howardcountymd.gov or http://www.howardcountyaging.org., Suppose we increased the federal gasoline tax by 25 cents a gallon, from 18.4 cents to 43.4 cents. That would raise $291 billion over the decade from 2012 to 2021, estimates the CBO. Or we could advance the ages for early and full Social Security benefits; one suggestion is to raise them (now 62 and 66) by two months a year until reaching predetermined targets (say, 64 and 70). The CBO reckons the decade's savings at about $264 billion. How about slowly moving Medicare's eligibility age from 65 to 67. The savings: $125 billion., Turner was twice suspended for a total of five games by Arizona coach Sean Miller last season for violating team rules. His departure from the team was announced April 11, though he remains a student at the university., Across the way, Ernesto Flores burned lines into suede purses, pouches and bands., 220: Ben Andrew, Mesa, 45-1., Sgt. Ethan Stoeckel said the visit was brief -- only 46 minutes -- but ended with the discovery that his sister-in-law's pickup had been burglarized and the couple's luggage was missing., At a sidewalk picnic table, I talked beer with 5Q regulars Zach Christensen and Heidi Leibbrandt, who make their own brew and grow hops at their nearby home. Christensen, who's "in telecom," nursed a pint of Lompoc's C-Note pale ale, brewed with seven hops that start with "C" (Crystal, Cluster, Cascade, Chinook, Centennial, Columbus and Challenger). It rates a chart-topping 100 International Bitterness Units, a measure of hop infusion, which Portland beer geeks bandy about the way wine fans talk about grippy tannins., CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The Cleveland Cavaliers enter their final home game Wednesday night within a loss of moving into a third-place tie in the NBA Draft lottery standings., Q: Who would comprise your top three fantasy baseball players?, Plakas was the final judge in the court to hear the case. Because Plakas chose to step aside, the matter will now go to the State Court Administrator<U+0092>s Office who could blindly draw a judge to hear the case., In 2006, it received an accreditation from the Association of Zoos and Aquariums, making possible the recent arrival of a pair of Gibbons apes as part of the "species survivor" program., expired in the previous session as liquidation pressure on, "Is watching Cleveland sports a banned form of torture?" -- Joe S., River cruising does tend to draw curious, educated travelers who are interested primarily in the destination ports and spend their cruising time reading and relaxing. One travel agent executive at the ceremony told me that North Americans often enjoy river cruising in Europe best when they travel in a small group of friends, perhaps three or four couples who can socialize during the down time on the river, at cocktail hours and during meals., When you look at the internal data on international tests you find a telling dichotomy regarding American scores. America has a disproportional number of students doing very, very well and a large portion doing poorly. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, which administers the PISA test, explains this dichotomy: the number of children in poverty. Twenty-two percent of American children live in mind-numbing poverty, which is far greater than the next highest country. Children do not learn well when they are hungry., The agency, based at Fort Meade, Md., is in charge of gathering electronic intelligence from foreign governments but is barred from spying on Americans. Army Gen. Keith Alexander, the NSA's director, also heads the Pentagon's Cyber Command, which protects military networks., "Things are already changing as this campaign goes on and our results improve," Mr. Hollande told a rally at a Paris concert venue Sunday. "I see heads of government, who, worried about this austerity that is preventing them from reducing their debt and controlling their finances, are starting to look at our proposals.", "And they stepped over the line," he said, "with subsequent acts by management to avoid being exposed for failing to follow the law.", At a press conference Tuesday, Colorado Democratic Party Chair Rick Palacio, who is openly gay, said the incident reveals "a clear contrast between parties." Democrats, he said, are open to people regardless of sexual orientation, while Republicans had "forced (Grenell) out.", The county open-space trust contributed $1.7 million toward the purchase, the water supply authority $560,000, the Washington Township Land Trust $400,000 and the conservation foundation $80,000., NBC 10 will broadcast the Mass live from St. Andrews with the use of five cameras and three production trucks. The Mass will be simulcast live on nbcphiladelphia.com and NBC Philadelphia Nonstop., "They need to rip this off like a Band-Aid," Almeida said. "The drumbeat is going to continue for months and months, and the best way to have this become a nonissue is to do it quickly.", In a letter to Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson sent Sunday, Al Armendariz said he regrets his words and that they do not reflect his work as administrator of the region including Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Louisiana., On the positive side, Ichiro Suzuki returning to Japan with the Mariners is a revenue-maker for all. The exposure in Japan and Asia will help MLB, as it banks on fans buying more souvenirs and watching more games on TV., The county could have disqualified Zenith from the list of bidders last year, Appelbaum said, but officials found no legal reason to do so after examining Zenith's operating agreement and sworn affidavits from employees., "Tony’s an All-Star and did what he’s been doing for us all year: Scoring, finding people, playing tough defense, being a leader," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said., J Robinson, wrestling: $136,000 base; $44,880 fringe; $10,000 supplemental; $19,618 bonus. Total compensation: $210,498, For over two decades, bin Laden has been al Qaeda’s leader and symbol, and has continued to plot attacks against our country and our friends and allies. The death of bin Laden marks the most significant achievement to date in our nation’s effort to defeat al Qaeda., The decision sparked public outcry, and even local Komen affiliates expressed their opposition to the move; California’s seven local affiliates wrote a letter stating, “Affiliates will not rest until this issue is resolved.... We want to assure all Californians that we will do whatever it takes to do what is right for the health of women and men in California.”, Several people offered anecdotes to accompany the photos. Here are some that stand out:, There are plenty of non-cop issues to take on. Timber cuts in the Sierra, beach pollution on the coast and Internet snooping are examples. Public corruption, advice to state agencies and interpretations of complex laws are other topics., Trip highlights include:, Walter P. Chrysler Museum: More than 70 antique, custom and concept vehicles, plus interactive displays and historical exhibits. 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Tue.-Sat., noon-5 p.m. Sun. 1000 Chrysler Drive, Auburn Hills. 888-456-1924. $8, $7 seniors, $4 ages 6-12, free ages 5 and younger., The story is fairly straightforward. A young woman (Keller) accepts a post as a governess. Over the next seven days, she becomes convinced that the children in her charge are being stalked by demons. On the seventh day, all hell breaks loose (so to speak) as her fierce attempts to protect young Flora and Miles turn tragic., “I don’t find it responsible to try to spend money that doesn’t exist,” she said., The final word on "Between Two Ferns" perhaps comes from Fey, who after suffering a number of demeaning comments about her "lady comedy," levels an analysis of Galifianakis' show., "It was a real eye-opening, awakening experience to me," he added. "It was a good sort of self-correction.", "We don't anticipate the lane closures at the 29th Street ramp will have much impact on Preakness-goers," Murphy said. "People trickle in during the day and leave all at once when the race is over. The lion's share of the traffic leaving takes Northern Parkway to the JFX north to the Beltway.", said that middle-class incomes started to stagnate around the time that private-sector union membership started to decline. From 1974 to 2007, private-sector union membership dropped from 34 percent to 8 percent for men, and from 16 percent to 6 percent for women, according to Western., That honor, according to many of the stylists we talked to, goes to Kardashian. The marriage may be over, but her style lingers., There was, in other words, no chance of Dylan winning the Nobel Prize, although his mere presence in the conversation tells us something about the way we engage with this most prestigious of literary awards., MEDFORD — A nurse was arrested and charged with stealing about $682,000 from an elderly client, officials announced today., Will it be the final game of center Ben Wallace<U+0092>s career?, "Close enough,'' said mover Peter Herrera, who had done the hoisting. "These things are not exact.'', About the only risk to the Mexican growers, experts say, is that a stray hiker or hunter could stumble onto a hidden field., TRENTON — The leader of the New Jersey Assembly is planning a head count to gauge how many Democrats would support legislation allowing gay couples to marry., The fact that Salinas broke his collarbone on the play likely had a say in how long the suspension would be. So, too, was the identity of the culprit. Let’s face it, commissioner Don Garber has probably reached his tolerance level with Marquez, and the latest transgression was labeled “violent conduct that demonstrated blatant disregard for the safety of his opponent.”, "We’re extremely disappointed," she said. "They testified at the hearing that they want to work with us and then two hours later issue the notice and a press release.", Duncan played with Damon when they were with the Yankees., Water should take precedence, with an array of activities -- like boating, fishing and rowing -- that draw the public. Too much of the downtown lakefront is isolated, with little sense of place among the football, science and rock music venues at North Coast Harbor, Eckstut said., "The Free Syrian Army stopped shooting, but the regime's army has not stopped shooting," an activist named Moaz said. "When the security forces stop shooting … it will go back to being a peaceful revolution.", 4. Further decorate, if you like, with glitter, crayons and stickers., Craig would be a constant thorn in Spalding’s side. While the minister worked fervently to strip the Nez Perce of their ways, Craig led them in ignoring Spalding’s dogmatic onslaughts., Could it be the poverty of the neighborhood?, At 8:02 a.m., Joe Melzer and Hazel Goldberg could have said, "I do," thus becoming the state of Arizona's first wedded couple., "It's unspeakable," Siefert said. "I had a dream, but I never thought it would be fulfilled like this.", With a three-goal second period, CBC made sure history didn't repeat itself Monday at the Hardee's Iceplex. The Cadets skated to a 6-0 victory, adding another notch to a terrific 17-1-1 season. Marquette dropped to 9-6-2 on the season., Mathstronauts Math and Science Day Camps, "Of course, all of that is contingent on them getting a team,'" Perry said., No more. Today, it's beginning to look like an annual million-dollar benefit staged exclusively for trainer Bob Baffert after his lightly raced colt Coil unfurled an astounding performance to give Baffert his fifth Haskell in 10 years at Monmouth., Toews name was up on the Coyotes dry erase board listing what they felt was the Hawks' probable lineup, listed between Marian Hossa on his right and Patrick Kane on the left., SB 1070 makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally. It states that an officer engaged in a lawful stop, detention or arrest shall, when practicable, ask about a person's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that that person is not legally in the U.S., It took two weeks for Roger to muster up the will to ask David to consider being a donor., A drilling boom has been under way since 2008 in the Marcellus Shale, a vast underground geologic formation that extends from West Virginia and eastern Ohio through Pennsylvania into southern New York. Some geologists estimate it could yield enough natural gas to supply the entire East Coast for 50 years., Tax money could be crucial for Breakthrough, which already depends on $4.5 million a year in donations for 24 percent of its budget., Ironically, Whisnant said the one ALEC bill that he did manage to get through the Oregon Legislature was a 2009 measure, sponsored by two Republicans and two Democrats, that led to the state's transparency website. The website provides a wealth of online data about government spending, taxation and personnel., In the spirit of if it ain't broke, don't fix it, Moxie's mise-en-scene remains the same. The theatrical curtains at the door usher you into the large, lofty main dining area that's perfectly staged for people watching., Mayes later was pronounced dead at a hospital, said Daniel McMullen, FBI special agent in charge of Mississippi, at a Thursday evening news conference., Is everyone equally likely to have high blood pressure? No. Some factors are beyond your control, including age (as your age goes up, your blood pressure tends to go up too), gender (men are more likely to have high blood pressure than women), race and ethnicity (African Americans are more likely to have high blood pressure than Caucasian or Hispanic Americans), salt-sensitivity (African Americans are also more likely to be salt-sensitive) and family history (if your parents or other close relatives have high blood pressure, you have a greater than average risk of developing it too)., Colorado is one of 14 states that allow the use of marijuana for medical purposes., Michael Demeo, 25, of Northwest Portland, notes that Radar Magazine once dubbed him “the James Dean of Polaroids.”, So for the 2012 Little Hearts Luncheon & Fashion Show, Schaffer added dogs. Not just any pooch, though. Ali, Gracie, Luke, Max and Newman are members of the Prescription Pet Program at Children's Hospital Colorado, and these mellow pups deliver wags and creature comfort to the sick kids hospitalized there., It's interesting that the agreement was announced the same day, "John's daughter, Laura, was upset, but I told her, 'Don't worry, we're in Baltimore. I'll call home in an hour and John will pick up the phone., For something to happen in the NBA that hasn't been seen before, Commissioner David Stern would have to present the championship trophy sporting a neck tattoo., Editor's note: Mitt Romney today delivered remarks to the Detroit Economic Club in Detroit, Michigan. The following remarks were prepared for delivery, according to a release from the Mitt Romney campaign:, "It was tough on Jon," Red Sox manager Bobby Valentine said. "They scored three runs. The ball, on Marlon, really took off on him. Cody (Ross) went a long way, caught it, and it popped out of his glove. He's (Jon) frustrated. He battled. He wanted to go out and pitch the sixth.", Now blessedly emeritus, Lewin has apparently not lost one iota of his enthusiasm for his life's work. In "For the Love of Physics" (written with University of Hartford historian Warren Goldstein), he recaps his adventures in the classroom for the benefit of all you graduates of liberal arts colleges who didn't have to take Physics 1 and in later life may feel that something huge and important is missing., Our comfort food menu includes mac n' cheese, tomato soup and ice cold beer each of which is a classic in its own right, but presented here with an updated twist. San Francisco restaurants Blue Plate, Park Chalet and Home each share their kitchen's prized mac n' cheese recipes. Tomato soup made with imported Italian San Marzano tinned tomatoes and chunky homemade croutons add delicious warmth. Instead of wine, we recommend a tasting of local craft beers., Longo would not identify the changeable shareholder, who holds 16 of the club's roughly 1,300 outstanding shares. To sell the property, the club needed support from members who hold at least two-thirds of the shares., Monday's reports do find fault with Mentor, noting that by several metrics -- spending, corporate governance and stock price -- the company has underperformed its peers in the electronic design automation (EDA) industry., "His campaign fliers say he’s fighting for taxpayers of the middle class, but he voted to not extend unemployment benefits," Theise said. "He’s voting against things he says he stands for.", The bicyclists, Adam Kaniper, 30, and Megan Schmidt, 26, both of Hackettstown, and Lisa Thomas, 55, of Pittstown and Patricia Cinelli, 48, of Budd Lake were taken to Newton Medical Center for treatment., March 26, 1932 — N.Y. Rangers 4, Montreal Canadiens 3, semifinal, 59:32, Fred Cook., Arizona was the first of a half-dozen states to enact laws intended to drive illegal immigrants elsewhere, a policy known as "attrition by enforcement." Even where blocked by courts, these laws have already had an impact on farm fields and school classrooms as fewer immigrants showed up., Petite Maison, Yogi's All-American Grill and Sports Bar, Elizabeth Schmidt of Clarkchester organized the alliance, which she called "a direct democracy group in action." She said the alliance's goals are to stop the Walmart TIF and to recall any elected officials voting to approve it., 5991, Mark A. Hunsch, Glen Ridge, 3:31:03., "We started at $1.2 million and ended up selling for $1.65 million," he said., So to the parents thinking of voting for this measure, take a long look in the mirror and ask if you are doing all you can to help your child., Warren Township, Overall, the number of same-sex couples in California has increased since the last census, from about 92,100 in 2000 to about 125,500 in 2010., Dominic Alford, Corcoran offers to bankroll a CD and, DuQuette hopes, a new career., The Phillies tied the score with a run in the ninth to hand Craig Kimbrel his first blown save of the season, and the Braves had to play beyond nine innings for the first time this season, but they pulled out the win to snap an eight-game losing streak against the Phillies that dated to last season., Information from nine institutions, Meyerson said, led the committee to conclude that there is no standard method for dividing funds between a law school and its parent university., Mobile speed cameras on Polk County<U+0092>s high-traveled, unincorporated roads got a green light Tuesday, the same day state lawmakers shot down an effort to ban the cameras in Iowa., Torn between clubs, he actually went for a little more distance with a 6-iron. But he took a little bit off his swing, got the ball a little too high and watched in disbelief as a slight breeze carried it into the water. He had to take a drop, then three-putted., Tarzana, Perron jumped out of the gate strong, requesting his 53,500 Twitter followers support his bid. He offered to give one fan a 60-minute "hockey session," along with a jersey, stick, helmet and gloves., "We stunt so much that we might give up some plays, but then, all of a sudden, we get a big play," Small said. "Coach (Mark) Nicholas, our defensive coordinator, has done a great job of putting that 3-5 together and we've been working on it all year.", As Arizona prepares to celebrate its 100th anniversary as a state, St. Mary's is planning its own celebration, as it will turn 100 in six years., share their fashions with top stylists for weeks before the, 2. Emilio Bonifacio, CF, Contact the writer: Staff writer Courtney Perkes contributed to this report., WALTER "WALT" MANNING, 62, Norfolk, Va., died Feb. 12. Wilson-Eichelberger Mortuary, Sanford., If that doesn't work, enlist the help of your credit-card issuer. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, you are entitled to dispute charges. As a last resort, try complaining to the district attorney or the state attorney general., The only thing that really went wrong for Oregon on Saturday came before kickoff, when defensive coordinator Nick Aliotti and his fellow assistants rushed to the men's room in the press box to use the facilities. They wanted to be able to focus for the first half, and when they arrived at the restrooms they found a line of sportswriters and only two stalls., Later, as Benedict departed Havana to head back to Rome, he appeared to criticize the U.S. embargo on Cuba, saying that restrictions are worsened by "economic measures, imposed from outside the country" that "unfairly burden" the people., They also agreed on the grave danger posed by Iran's nuclear aspirations and that a policy of "containment," whereby the international community reconciles itself to an Iran capable of building nuclear weapons but seeks to limit its impact, is not an option. Both spoke of how nuclear capability would enable Iran not only to threaten Israel, but also to endanger the world's oil supply, propel a nuclear arms race in the region and supply nuclear weapons to radical factions that could be detonated anywhere, including Western countries. As President Obama said, "The entire world has an interest in preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon." And he fully understands that "No Israeli government can tolerate a nuclear weapon in the hands of a regime that denies the Holocaust, threatens to wipe Israel off the map and sponsors terrorist groups committed to Israel's destruction.", The omission baffles and angers the family of Rachel Gilliam, a college student who was allegedly run over and killed by 23-year-old Carlos Castillo as she tried to hail a cab on the morning of Nov. 1, 2009., This final winery has so much integrity. It's one of the only moscatos in Asti that is still made in the artisanal old way of hand-crafted moscato. It's stunning and hard to find. Keep the name in mind., And Santos wants the spirit to endure., Old Town staff, he said, visited the MacPhail Center for Music in Minneapolis, the grandiose Colburn School in Los Angeles and Settlement Music School in Philadelphia. But the vision for Old Town School East was organic., But when Floyd fell ill and died two weeks later, her family was even more determined to continue the legacy their parents started with their own meager funds, distributing food out of the back of their station wagon in Elizabeth., "I'm sitting there with units that won't sell, too — it's unconscionable," said Andrew Viola, a regional manager with Williamsburg-based Bush Construction Corp., which built the 414 Water Street condos in downtown Baltimore. "We're paying our fair share. Why shouldn't every other developer?", There are a lot of players on this Rams roster playing hurt. I think it would send a bad message to the rest of the team to treat a banged-up Sam Bradford any differently than the other players. But seeing Bradford in a walking boot after Wednesday's practice and seeing the frustration in his face, you have to wonder if he's going to be healthy enough to play in any of the final three games. It looks like there's no way he's playing this week. So I'd say see how the ankle feels next week, and if it's still iffy – or worse – shut him down., Portraits dominate the next rooms and corridors. The "living" paintings of the founders of Hogwarts' four houses discuss matters ranging from a lost dragon to disdain for a certain boy wizard. (That Salazer Slytherin has a bad attitude about Harry.), Wait. That last one again?, A team from the agency hiked and skied the eight miles to the hot springs southwest of Aspen on Friday and discovered additional carcasses buried in the snow outside the cabin, according to Bill Kight, a spokesman for the White River National Forest., The talks will help set the agenda for a Nov. 11-12 summit of G-20 leaders. U.S. President Barack Obama and the other heads of state will attend the summit., Gabbert is still learning. He wasn't even supposed to be here, so forgive him, for now., The line has been, to put it mildly, a sore subject since last season., Hundreds of Occupy marchers peacefully convened Tuesday evening in Pershing Square, an hour after the May Day protest in downtown Los Angeles took a tense turn., Will the Sandusky case sink the bio -- or might it actually boost sales?, The Democratic governor has said Republicans are balking over extending the current tax rates until voters have a chance to weigh in, but Republicans said the real issue is the governor would not agree to their demands on public employee pensions., Let's hope it doesn't get skipped over for repairs., But even before a real-life emergency medical technician or paramedic lays eyes on you, he is already sizing up you and your banged-up self., Wayne County Executive Robert Ficano isn<U+0092>t on the ballot for reelection this year, but the scandals surrounding him are worrying those who are., Chatman's testimony came after friends of Cain and Lee testified about the Feb. 8 incident., The sales push announced Monday marks Google's latest attempt to siphon customers away from rival Microsoft Corp., whose Office suite of e-mail, word processing, spreadsheet and other programs is widely used by government agencies and businesses., European officials say they'll give Greece a new package of rescue loans. They also plan to lower interest rates and lengthen payback terms for Greece, Ireland and Portugal., Critics of testing have complained for years that increased pressure brought on by accountability measures leads to more testing abuses., One shift at a time., Best buying strategy: If you're picky about dates, book early for the best fares. For other travel, look online for "flash sales" that may last one to three days and offer rock-bottom prices., Off-speed stuff was average, at best. Breaking pitches came with minimal deception and had more spin than depth., Md. GOP readies for a long 2012 primary: Maryland's April 3 primary falls a distant three months after the Iowa caucuses and nearly a month after the 11-state electoral behemoth known as Super Tuesday, but the roller-coaster race for the Republican presidential nomination has inspired talk of a prolonged battle that could carry on well into the spring., o8. Philadelphia Eagles: All too often, the center of their defense proved the Achilles' heel in 2011. Coach Andy Reid clearly seems to understand that and traded up in Round 1 for highly regarded DT Fletcher Cox. After previously acquiring MLB DeMeco Ryans, Reid continued investing in the second level by getting Mychal Kendricks in Round 2 before landing another top-notch pass rusher in Vinny Curry. Fourth-round CB Brandon Boykin may even stem the loss of Asante Samuel. Dream Team part deux?, Six-show subscriptions (including "Peter Pan") range from $103.85 to $353.65., Amlaw: About 12 million. That's not even 1 percent of the total number of birds laying eggs., "I'm still hopeful we can resolve it to everyone's satisfaction and there won't be a trial," Iaciofano said., Jets: D+, Meanwhile, others worry that Indiana will use its newfound status to poach Michigan companies and jobs, or at least trash-talk Michigan in competition for big projects., It was the fifth straight home game for Edwardsville, which had come into the contest with victories over Minooka (3-2), Waterloo (1-0) and Columbia (4-0), as well as a 1-0 loss to Francis Howell Central. The Tigers were scheduled to travel to Belleville West on Tuesday., The one thing everyone seems to agree on is that rainfall amounts have been so great that flooding was inevitable., Kesselring was equal to the task. She fought her way out of the back by coming wide on the bell lap to bring the Ducks home in 11 minutes 5.85 seconds. It wasn’t enough to catch Washington, which won the race in 11:05.20, But it was good enough to leave Lananna where he wanted to be heading into the final day of the meet., Contact the writer: Police Beat is written by George Stewart from the Tustin Police Department and the Orange County Sheriff's Department logs. Arrests indicate suspicion of violations, not charges filed or the results of court proceedings., "I felt like I lost part of my dignity," said Holtz, 55, the state's Ombudsman for Long-Term Care. "I know it sounds completely irrational, but part of me didn't want to go to sleep that night because I didn't know who would come into my room and do any more checks. It was very dehumanizing.", In contrast to the public outcry over squalid conditions at some military hospitals, the contractors' plight has drawn little attention., "I don't think it will be any worse than a big Ravens-Steelers game," Bill Reuter said. "And we get through those just fine.", But while he is right to share the credit, the lion’s share rests with him., If there is to be any erring, it's in the public interest to be more strict in evaluating projects than less so., Kendall Wright, Baylor, In a 2007 issue of Diverse Issues in Higher Education, Weiss said he would be a classical archaeologist or relief pitcher if he were not a college president., Attention-getting names aren’t a new thing for Mansbach., By the end of it all, Rocky River’s Relay for Life often generates upwards of $80,000 each year., The Field: Darren Aronofsky, “Black Swan”; Joel Coen and Ethan Coen, “True Grit”; David Fincher, “The Social Network”; Tom Hooper, “The King’s Speech”; David O. Russell, “The Fighter.”, Reynolds, dressed in a blazer, spoke eagerly of a town center complete with 1,100 hotel rooms, condos and time-share units. He said it was a legacy he was proud to leave Georgia., The state Attorney General’s Office Thursday said it is reviewing calls for an investigation into the controversial surveillance program. Lee Moore, a spokesman for the department, said the governor’s executive orders will be part of their review, but declined to comment further., Judging the fancy footwork will be Arnold Donald, winner of last year's competition and head of the Executive Leadership Council; Monica Adams of KMOX (AM 1120) and KTVI (Channel 2); Leslie Tunney of St. Louis Magazine; and Reginald Van Derson of Pure Entertainment Company., Starting Monday, the nine justices of the U.S. Supreme Court will spend three days hearing arguments about the constitutionality of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act President Barack Obama signed into law two years ago this month. The following explains the editorial board's reasons for concluding that the court should uphold the law., "It very well illustrated the human cost of a child welfare system that was essentially abandoning many of its children," said Marcia Robinson Lowry, executive director of Children’s Rights Inc., a national advocacy group that had previously filed a class-action suit against the agency., In addition, he said, storing a driver’s information in a database increases the potential for identity fraud., When Bryant was 25 years and 22 days old, he had completed seven full NBA seasons (1996-97 through 2002-03)., There is no cure, although one medication, Aricept, has been found to delay symptoms in some patients for a year or two., 33 percent: The portion of phone service spending made for cell phones among people age 65 and older., Instead…., Meeks has learned to be flexible, such as going from a no-doodling policy to understanding that her students can draw and listen., "The episodes were so compelling that the jury wasn't going to forget a person's role," Wooley said., EL DORADO 3, GALT 2, Mary Anne Sedey, the firefighters' attorney, said problems worsened for the women after district commanders forced them to air their grievances in an internal investigation in 2006., Under today's measure, workers would continue to receive a two percentage point increase in their paychecks and people out of work for more than six months would keep jobless benefits averaging about $300 a week. It would also head off a steep cut in reimbursements for physicians who treat Medicare patients., The left-hander sprained his right knee Saturday night when he reached out to catch his 4-year-old son, Walker, as the 60-pound boy jumped off the couch to hug his arriving father., "There aren't many words I can use to describe the experience," offered Jackson, a shortstop some within the organization consider the system's best infield defender since Brendan Ryan. Jackson eventually settled for "awesome" and "unforgettable" as descriptions of choice., Using an online interactive tool called Virtuwell, 23,000 patients have received a treatment plan often including a prescription, after answering questions about their condition and medical history., The Chargers ventured into heated waters at Lafayette Friday and nearly pulled off an upset of the storied Lancer program., Charter schools are public schools that operate independently of school districts. They are currently confined to St. Louis and Kansas City., So what happened? Polysilicon prices dropped. Chinese companies (with credit from the China Development Bank) flooded the market with conventional solar panels., Suspensions of eight games for Loomis and six games for Vitt will begin when the preseason ends. Also upheld were the team's $500,000 fine and loss of second-round draft picks this year and next., But zoning law doesn't say a word about specific regulations that an owner can set forth in a park. According to the city, it's up to the owner to enact the "reasonable rules of conduct" and to enforce them., Because Taylor Swift dresses in purple pastels and perpetually wears a astonished smile, her punch takes listeners by surprise. Swift is, as she told a Madison Square Garden audience she drove to the verge of pandemonium Monday night, a hopeless romantic. She’s also awfully combative. Her love stories have bad guys and girls, and triumph over these adversaries is a large part of what she’s selling so successfully. This is a young woman who’s taken Shakespeare’s "Romeo and Juliet" firmly in her tongs and banged the ending into a shape that better fits her all-American optimism (and her desire for victory). She rides off with the prince, the diamond ring and the moral high ground that comes from sticking to your guns when those around you demand compromise. She wants it all — the emotional turmoil and the rebel cred, the glory and the thrown garter — and she’s willing to fight to get it., Six months ago, Cpl. Christian Perez was in Iraq with the 6th Motor Transportation Batallion., The pets "are always so happy to see you and it's like that every day," said manager Robert Casas about the best part of his job. "It's a lot of fun and it's such a good experience.", LARCENY: A larceny was reported at 9:30 p.m. March 4 in the 4000 block of Debra Court., So sommeliers particularly have become champions of more - and more accurate - alcohol disclosure. Perhaps that's because diners have only their own assumptions to rely on when browsing a wine list. Perhaps it's because wine directors have to pair wines with food - there's a reason one Australian winemaker dubbed high-octane specimens "cocktail wines" - or because they want their customers to walk out the door, not stagger., American has exclusive rights to present a restructuring plan to the court until Sept. 28. The unions and other creditors could ask the court to cut that period short if there is a legitimate alternate proposal., "If you've got a culture that doesn't have sheep, and you want to translate the word 'sheep,' you either explain sheep or you find an equivalent term," Creson said., "Everybody's being very careful about how apps are designed" to minimize distraction, Mr. Malhotra says., “I thought our guys played terrific,” Collins said., "It is clear and we will not deny that the plan has not been succeeding thus far," Carney said., There are many reasons for becoming gassy and bloated, including aging, eating foods that cause gas and gulping foods while you eat, which introduces air into the gut. The biggest reason for flatulence is bacteria in the intestine., GREENSBORO, N.C. <U+0097> John Edwards' first reaction when he learned his mistress may be pregnant was to downplay the chances he was the father, calling the woman a "crazy slut," his former close campaign aide testified today., Carbo loading at Albona feels distinctly Italian. Mortadella, Parmesan and homemade pork sausage add comforting heft to an oven-roasted casserole of rigatoni ($16). One of the restaurant's three versions of risotto ($16) glows neon orange from a glorious overdose of saffron., The man was working on a portion of a state Department of Transportation resurfacing project on nearby Interstate 287, for which Route 22 is being used as a staging area, the DOT said., Inside file boxes, the Brown years are recorded on state letterhead, Western Union telegrams and in-house memos <U+0096> and, in one case, on a white paper luncheon doily., The verdict came more than two years after Whelan, of Gold River, and his nephew, co-counsel Brian Whelan of Fresno, filed suit in Sacramento Superior Court., In Argentina, the Roadblock required one team member to jump out of an airplane and the other team member to drive to a marked location to meet up. The non-jumping sister turned her car off the road at the wrong spot and got stuck in some deep sand. She had to wait for friendly locals to drive past and tow her car out. If not for the friendly locals, they would have lost the race right there., victory for the Dallas Cowboys to go with his three Pro Bowl selections., The diocese's statement said the letter "was never intended to be a finished product by any means, but rather a starting point for what was to be a confidential initial conversation between the bishop and his closest priest advisors.", Atwell said the menu is in its early stages, but two stand-outs have been a ginger-infused rum and a pear tequila., Growing orchids isn't mysterious, she said, but the hobby can hold surprises., have done more to overcome the illness and injury that affected the rest of the team?, By spring, they hope to add a full kitchen and accommodate all-ages shows, which will considerably open up booking options., "Our view is that if there is a power need and that is the final view and determination of the Board of Public Utilities, then we would be hard pressed to oppose it,’’ Drewniak said in an e-mail statement. "This, of course, assumes all final DEP permits are in place as well.’’, In came Stallings. Practice was in two hours, they had a team that could dominate the Missouri Valley, and he didn’t need this. If either of them knew of any assistant coach who kept his job after a DUI, the name eluded both. By all rights, Rice should have been put on the next bus, because Stallings’s staff didn’t need a 27-year-old fool destined for self-destruction., But like Houston, some performers will stay in New Jersey forever., 6707 W LIBERTY PRAIRIE LN $175,000, "Where's my brother?" she asked., Unser attorney Sam Bregman told the Associated Press that his client apologized for the lapse in judgment. “He's taking steps to make sure it doesn't happen again,” he said., The project is in an area where state and federal scientists are studying elevated wintertime air pollution, which has at times increased ozone levels to nearly double the limit considered safe by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. It remains unclear how much emissions from drilling in the region are to blame for the bad air and how much of the pollution is caused by topography and weather., Typical Jerry Brown: bright, insightful, right on target and not likely ever to happen., The Buckeyes are preparing to play Meyer's former team, Florida, in the Gator Bowl on Jan. 2. Meyer, a two-time national title winner with the Gators was hired to much acclaim on Nov. 28 and has built a solid recruiting class despite the ongoing NCAA problems., Meanwhile, Valtteri Filppula and Finland defeated Tomas Tatar and Slovakia 1-0. Both players went scoreless., Las Casuelas Terraza, 222 S. Palm Canyon Drive, Palm Springs; (760) 325-2794, http://www.lascasuelas.com. This downtown hacienda-style restaurant is fun and popular; it's a descendent of the first Las Casuelas, which opened here in 1958. Combination plates start at $7.95., Science open house The Morrison Nature Center at Star K Ranch, 16002 E. Smith Road, offers a free open house with hands-on science activities from 1 p.m. on the third Sunday of the month. Register: 303-739-2428., It hasn't always been this way., "What you're seeing there is a microcosm of what we'll see increasingly in health care over the next five to 10 years," said Glenn Melnick, a University of Southern California health economist. Of all the moving parts in health care, Melnick said, "the big hospital systems are the most powerful.", Six women vied for the honor, including 86-year-old Gloria Stoker of Oakwood, who was clearly the best at dancing to the Percolator Polka. Candidates were tested in four other categories, including who wore the best babushka., Bryant, who served more than a quarter-century in the Legislature, was convicted in 2008 of using his clout as budget chairman for a low-work job to boost his taxpayer-funded pension. He is scheduled to be released from prison on those charges in 2013., I'm thinking of doing something else I don't usually do in winter: hitting the Tremont ArtWalk., In December, you may recall, Occupy Denver was also ejected from Civic Center west of Broadway, although not before they managed to deface stone balustrades and commit other acts of vandalism. But some diehards never really left. They camped on the sidewalk along Broadway for the entire winter, often obstructing passage in clear defiance of the law., Yauch will have to have surgery, and undergo treatment for several weeks., "Sing Your Song": Harry Belafonte's career spanned historic moments in the civil rights movement, social change and entertainment. This documentary looks at Belafonte's record of activism, as well as his artistic influences as a singer and actor. (10 p.m., HBO), TOMS RIVER — Minutes after finishing his shift on a special holiday anti-drunken driving detail, an Ocean Gate police officer was killed early today after a drunken driver crashed into his vehicle on the Garden State Parkway, authorities said., The last time the Cardinals fanned so often in a nine-game game was 1989, when they struck out 18 times against the Cubs. St. Louis struck out 19 times in a 20-inning loss to the Mets in 2010., Schaefer said he knew his bill wasn't perfect, but he thought it deserved to get to the Senate floor for debate. But once it gets there, it might not go anywhere., Not until it passes over this patch of ocean again — an hour and 16 minutes later — will the satellite have another chance to hear the ship’s distress signal., Ninth in 2008 and fifth a year ago, the Rams left Oak Hill Golf Center the MSHSAA Class 3 state champions., Just as divisions of a plate - 9-inch diameter for adults, about, I don't think any 49ers fan could complain about either guy., Attempts to reach Mr. Bo and Ms. Gu directly and through intermediaries weren't successful., Organ trio, "We're all very diverse and that's what makes us so strong, but religion should never play a part in what the laws of our state are, and that's what we're trying to convey to religious leaders who are opponents of the bill," she said., July 11: Keith King Gibson (Elvis Impersonator), I ran for president in 2004 and I started going back up because of all the dinners and room service. I was around 240, 250. So two years ago, I said, this is ridiculous. I know I can discipline myself. So I went on a self-imposed diet where I ate salads, chicken and fish and drank coffee and tea. In the last year, I cut that out, no coffee, no chicken. Fish twice a week, salads and fruit. And I'm down to 160, 165. And I feel better. I don't need as much sleep. I look better. Now I don't even have an appetite., So, Elkins has called on some of the officials he works closely with as character witnesses. Their message: That as Newburgh Heights clerk/treasurer, an elected position that essentially means chief financial officer, the 37-year-old Elkins has been a fiscal wizard., "It would be tragic if any woman — let alone thousands of women — lost access to these potentially lifesaving screenings because of a politically motivated attack," the senators wrote., switching jerseys, he has been practicing with the Blues, getting familiar with the new surroundings and waiting for an opportunity. Chorney acknowledged he has never gone so long without playing when he hasn't been injured., Inspector General Joe Ferguson has been busy digging up dirt on city employees and contractors during the first three months of this year, and his quarterly report explains how without naming names:, In February 2005, Colson was named one of Time magazine's "25 Most Influential Evangelicals in America.", After spending at least $66 million largely to pound his Republican primary opponents into submission during an unexpectedly long primary, Mitt Romney needs money., Zimmerman said that a national consultant hired by the county last year to set the value on the new River City Casino had also determined that Harrah's had been underappraised for years., Once a tree is nominated as a landmark, it would be up to the Urban Forestry Council -- a city board that advises supervisors and the mayor on the state of San Francisco's trees -- to recommend at a public hearing whether to accept or reject the nomination. But the final decision would be left to the Board of Supervisors., Yet Campbell, 25, made a point Friday of saying he thinks he can improve., Heinz Field made an appropriate polling place for McCoy's run to keep the job in 2012. This is where it all started for him last season., Authorities say there were no injuries or arrests outside the Florida Mall late Thursday. The crowd began getting unruly as hundreds packed the parking lot, waiting to buy the $220, limited-edition shoe that was timed to be released during the NBA All-Star Game in Orlando., Per serving: 317 calories, 43 g protein, 17 g carbohydrate, 7 g fat (1 g saturated), 184 mg cholesterol, 748 mg sodium, 4 g fiber., Some counties have offset their losses by working on longer-range plans. For instance, Cobb County, which had projected a 2.5 percent drop in its digest, plans to absorb the difference with reserves and an account set aside for uncontrollable costs, such as fuel and energy. Cobb will approve its digest in mid-summer., "Our No. 1 priority before was just finding classroom space for these kids," she said, "and other things just fell by the wayside.", David Paisley of Lakewood lost his job in 2008 and has been able to find only sporadic work since then, such as running a youth orchestra and teaching speech classes at the University of Akron., But Waxman said important elements of what went wrong were beginning to surface., “I’ve always been inquisitive and stubborn, and those traits have stood me well in nursing,” Tipton said. “I want to know why and then what we can do about it.”, Essentially, it's the post-9/11 odyssey of four adventurous but unworldly buddies -- one of them, Monir, vanished during the adventure, and is presumed dead -- who traveled from London to Karachi, where Asif was to be married, and took a side trip to Afghanistan on an impulse. After getting caught in a Northern Alliance roundup of Taliban fighters, they did several months of hard time in Afghan prisons, then did much longer -- and much harder -- time at Guantanamo until British authorities verified their claims of innocence, brought them home and set them free without charge. (At the moment when, according to the FBI, the trio was spotted at a rally attended by Osama bin Laden and Mohammed Atta, Shafiq was working in a British electrical store, and Asif and Ruhel, who had criminal records, were doing community service in Tipton as parolees.), Key's bid of $2 to $4 came at a time when National City stock was trading at more than $10., The handcuffed Kevin Gilkes, 48, and Louis Pinto Jr., 30, pled “not guilty” to the 17-count indictment accusing them of trying to cover up the Dec. 3 beating of the prisoner by Gilkes during a routine search., "It's not working. I'm done," he tells the TV entertainment news show. "It's going to have to go to court. They just finally pushed me over the edge.", Connecticut Athletic Director Warde Manuel said the move will not affect his school's affiliation with the Big East., Instead, we ended our evening at Hugo's Cellar, a steak and seafood house in the Four Queens Hotel-Casino. It's a real touch of old Vegas. The maitre d' hands each woman a long-stemmed red rose, then puts the flower in a bud vase to decorate the table. Entrees come with salads tossed tableside, made with the diner's choice of a dozen ingredients, from bay shrimp to blue cheese to hearts of palm, and with a dessert of chocolate-dipped dried and fresh fruit. Prices range from about $45 to $55. At meal's end, the waiter wraps the bottom of the rose in aluminum foil for safe transport back to home or hotel., "Had my picture taken with a gal that I know for a fact is a lesbian. I had my picture taken, I'm sure, with several Democrats. But yet nobody's accused me of being a lesbian or a Democrat.", Aleppo University announced it was closing until final exams on May 13., Journalists often say that Zé “disappeared” in the 1980s, but he says he continued to perform in the state of Sao Paulo. Zé’s reemergence came as a result of a surprise call from David Byrne in 1990. Byrne, best known as the frontman for Talking Heads, was starting up a new label, Luaka Bop, and found one of Zé’s records on a trip to Brazil. Luaka Bop issued a collection of Zé’s songs and then several other discs, helping Zé find new audiences worldwide., 305 MEADOWLAKE DR $282,500, “Clearly, we're seeing some moderation in the economy,” Culp said. “We all read the headlines. It certainly is prudent at any time in the (business) cycle. But I think our view is, particularly so right now given the uncertainties around 2012, better to be prepared and ready for what may come than to postpone what we think is a very prudent action here.”, These grumbles aside, "Chinatown" is a fine modern twist on the '40s gumshoe noir, with all of the cigarettes, booze, arcane dialogue, plot twists and Venetian blinds required., But if the voters want to stress the collegiate part of the national college player of the year award, it is hard to overlook the do-it-all impact of a three-year player such as Turner. Ohio State would have little chance without him., Said senior guard Garrett Sim: “We can’t get too high over a certain win or too low over a certain loss. We’ve just got to get a little more steady and a little more consistent on a day-to-day basis with this group and definitely, we can beat anyone.”, You published a spate of letters from folks denouncing Congressman Paul Ryan's attempt to end Medicare as we know it. That same day (April 12) the Business section contained an article about an International Monetary Fund study on aging populations in advanced economies. The study concluded that by 2050, such economies will have about one worker for every retiree., Often chosen best in town is Siena, located in the heart of historic Federal Hill (and Little Italy). The menu features simple and fresh antipasti ($7-$16), pizza ($13), pasta ($14-$19) and main dishes $14-$29. 238 Atwells Ave., 401-521-3311, www.sienari.com., Little pressure on Orton., oThe trouble with loans, "I was so fired up to get the opportunity, get the chance to wreck it," Ryan said. "My heart might have been pounding harder than his was.", When board member Lee Merrick asked about maintaining the Sojourner program separately from Concord Elementary at the Concord site, Hickey said it would be a challenge., The new turf, a product called UBU S5-M, was installed by CG & B Enterprises Inc. of Otsego. It is 2 1/2 inches thick and covers about 120,000 square feet., It's the holiday season and three young elected officials from three different counties are getting ready to rumble., some critics echo Wu's concerns and fear "what's going on here is the justices, Can you imagine the uproar from bureaucrats if someone suggested that we cut administrators by 50 percent?, Cleveland Councilman Mike Polensek, who represents people in the Collinwood and Glenville neighborhoods, said the move is an affront to poor and uninsured residents., The central bank has kept its key rate at a record low near zero for about three years. Its new time frame suggests the rate will stay there for roughly an additional three years., The ladies event will be a time of coming together to share common concerns, joys, heartaches, growing together in the journey with God, deepening friendships and making new friendships., Favorite subject: Science. "It is very interesting to learn about real things in life. Things that really happen.", 1. Buy a home blood pressure monitor and make a pact with your husband to check your BP together every day. Seeing his numbers and what happens when he takes the meds may do the trick. Plus, you'll get a good sense of what's going on with your own pressure. It's a great habit., More criticism is coming from the oil and gas industry, which says that Ohio's existing taxes on oil and gas are sufficient. They are livid at the thought of having to pay higher taxes when they figure to generate thousands of new jobs and thus raise Ohio's tax revenue collections, even under the current system., Even though both paper and plastic bags are recyclable, both present environmental problems., Speaking to Daniel Radcliffe for Interview magazine, she said: ''He is very stressed. Directors are. The stress level - it's a battle. I mean everything that can go wrong goes wrong., In 2006, Bender made her last trip to the beach that she remembers so fondly. She said she cried after seeing the fence the Clickners had erected and hasn't been back since., "I just saw the wide open shot," said Voss, who finished with seven points. "(The defender) was way down in the lane. I practiced it right before the game because coach said I need to start hitting the perimeter shot because I'm capable of doing it.", —Pregnancy before age 17 or over 40., There is room in the public school debate for making changes to tenure, allowing and encouraging merit pay, producing accountable charter schools and creating better testing programs. But to ram through such measures without careful consideration for what would and wouldn't work is the height of irresponsibility., Only a quarter of the spaces in the outdoor parking lot at East Pratt and Commerce streets were full, he said. He walked to Harborplace for lunch, and only a few outdoor tables at M&S Grill were occupied. McLhinney said he usually makes a reservation when he wants to go there for a business lunch., Later, Kershaw threw a bullpen session. Pitching coach Rick Honeycutt said that based on what he saw, he felt comfortable sending Kershaw to face the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday in the Dodgers' home opener., Under the governor's proposed budget for 2011-13, the Oregon University System is expecting to get about $743 million from the state, $222 million less than it had requested. The proposed tuition increases would raise an additional $60 million next year, bringing total tuition revenue to $803.6 million for 2011-12., Basal cell carcinoma is the most common type of skin cancer to affect the eyelids and may appear on the lower lid, in the corners of the eye and under eyebrows., If they really wanted to "go the distance," becoming RVers could be like adding $590,000 to their savings., Favorite subject is English, and she loves to sing., "I just got him $2 million," said Dimora, exaggerating the actual amount of the contract., But it was the contest for the Republican nomination in the 6th District that created the most fireworks over the weekend. Opponents of state Sen. David R. Brinkley released a recording of a 911 call placed during a 2008 domestic dispute at his home. No charges were filed in the incident., "Wasted", There are plenty of explosions, sure, and fight scenes, and gadgetry. There’s Leonardo DiCaprio as the hero, Marion Cotillard as the femme fatale and enough globe-trotting locations to fuel two 007 films., Conservatives have targeted Morris and seven other GOP moderates in this election cycle, seeking to eliminate obstacles for Brownback's agenda., “My personal take on this system is that it will not be a big deal,” Rogers said. “The storm is somewhat disorganized and it does not have much moisture, but the best chance of accumulating snow is Friday afternoon and night for the Northeast.”, Roberson's lawyer, Lenny Kagan, declined to comment, saying, "It's too premature." Lawyers for the others could not be reached., I love when people wish me "Merry Christmas.", Andre Creaig, 31, of the first block of Lehigh Court in Sicklerville is charged with murder and possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose., Charlotte is rejoining Conference USA after several years in the Atlantic 10. Louisiana Tech has been in the WAC since 2001, and UTSA will play in the WAC next year before joining CUSA., Instructions: Combine the chickpeas, radishes, cilantro, salt and chile powder in a bowl, and mix well., St. John's was, by all accounts, the last at-large team selected into the NCAA tournament field. But the Red Storm proved they were worthy entrants Friday afternoon, shutting out East Carolina 2-0 in the first game of the Charlottesville, Va. regional., But the celluloid goddess had been quietly checking out some fella across the room. When the supremely territorial Yankee Clipper went to the men's room, the glances only got chancier., A version of this review appeared Oct. 21 during the Philadelphia Film Festival., When asked the question 'what happened on this date 80 years ago' many of the golfers were unaware of the anniversary. But not Kappelman!, <U+0093>I'm just glad we did it,<U+0094> manager Ned Yost said., In response to the newspaper's questions, BNSF said its actions did not merit punitive damages. "At worst, a BNSF employee may have exercised poor judgment," BNSF said. The railroad said it later reached a confidential settlement with Pietrowski., Buzz: Whom do you love more: your dog or your husband? Keaton's character must answer that and other questions in this drama from director Lawrence "The Big Chill" Kasdan. Screened at the Cleveland International Film Festival in March., But with recruiting Texas comes extra scrutiny. Campbell says that coaches "try to keep players in state, and they don't look well upon guys who leave." Indeed, reports have swirled that it was angry Texas boosters who tipped the media about the Ducks' dealings with Lyles during Oregon's BCS run last season, a relationship that has brought on an NCAA investigation to Eugene., The Lakers contend that unpredictably is part of them., The accident occurred around 11 a.m. Monday. The driver, 76, of Bloomfield Hills, told police she was attempting to park when her foot slipped and hit the accelerator on her 2011 Buick LaCrosse. Nobody was injured, which was especially fortunate since moments before the crash two people were standing in the area where the car finally landed., Some were laid off, and some took voluntary transfers to GM facilities elsewhere., Julie Hardyman, A New Arrival's program director for Haiti, says that 20 families had been promised children from Evens Paul's orphanage and share the Gorackes' stress. The agency is raising funds to hire a jet that will fly food and water to the orphanage., This is worth writing about, even though in Jamie Moyer’s last game as an Oriole I was still single. I got married a week after Moyer last pitched for Baltimore, back in 1995, his third and final season here. That was before three kids and 16 years of wedded bliss for me., Police are now required to pay 1.5 percent of their salary toward health care, like other public employees., TIGARD - Gerald was born in Kadoka, S.D., to Harry and Hannah (Coughtry) Engelen. In 1935, the family moved to Forest Grove., It's long been an article of faith that if Tehran goes nuclear, so will Riyadh. And Saudi Arabia isn't alone: Other Mideastern and North African states are flirting with nuclear "power" programs, too., "Blaine's a smart kid. He knows when they're (faking a blitz) and when they're actually coming," Moe said. "They showed the look they kind of were showing all game when they were actually coming, and Blaine changed the play up and tried to get it out of his hands quick.", SAN DIEGO – Two of the three dead sailors whose bodies were found off the Coronado Islands over the weekend suffered blunt force injuries to their head and neck, according to the San Diego Medical Examiner's Office., Kate might consider giving some advice to her younger sister on media management. While the duchess has generated some of the most positive royal press in years, Pippa Middleton made some unpleasant headlines this month when she was photographed in a car in Paris with a driver who pretended to point a gun at photographers. The gun was later said to be a toy., Both sides are considering further union givebacks that could result in another 30 laid-off officers coming back to work., Or, for example, let's say you'd like the room at 78 and dim light. The hotel room's sensors will detect your preferences from signals its NFC chip emits. "You can magically walk around and the world interacts to give you what your want," says Mike Ozburn of Booz Allen Hamilton, a technology consulting firm., Armed with this all this documentation, Indira's mother and sister went to the U.S. consulate and applied for visas., CREW CHIEF: Josh Browne, BEREA, Ohio -- Montario Hardesty will play Thursday night against the Eagles, and has no reservations about testing his surgically-repaired knee., Lumet's basic problem was that he thought the upper rack was mainly for cups and glasses and that the lower rack was for plates and bowls. Fosse's revelation was that you can also place any shallow, bowl-like item in the upper rack, thereby creating more vertical space in the lower racks for plates, platters and so on to be washed on their sides., "It is another roadblock," Chutz said. "Ultimately, we believe we will be vindicated.", Subalpine forests and tundra are expected to decline as temperatures rise, while forests are expected to replace some grassland and shrubland in eastern Oregon. Increases in ocean temperatures could lead to more "dead zones" in productive nearshore waters., One charge being considered is bias intimidation, which is considered a hate crime, said Paul Loriquet, a spokesman for Attorney General Paul Dow. “What will determine that is the evidence,” Loriquet said. “They’re still collecting evidence.”, Tuwo and Pauned are Indonesian immigrants who have lived in the United States for more than a decade — working, paying taxes and raising their two American-born daughters., With that said, there were others to choose from., "People have different tastes, and for years it has been totally my taste," Blake said. "I hired all the directors, I cast all the shows., In the Champs Sports Bowl in Orlando last December, the Seminoles started four true freshmen on their offensive line. They had to grow up quickly that night. After allowing four first-half sacks, the group didn't let quarterback EJ Manuel to get touched the rest of the game. Manuel's two fourth-quarter touchdowns led to an FSU comeback., -- Teresa Squibb, TUSD director of nutrition services, for Harvest of the Month Program., "Over the past year, there have been observed changes in the water quality in those monitoring wells on Suncor's property. That suggests something new is happening that is not the legacy contamination," Smith said. "Over the past year, we started noticing this.", To prepare for the Plain Dealer Pizza Playoffs contest, I will have plain toast and hot tea for breakfast and pass up lunch on "test day" (depending on the time the judging is scheduled to take place) to provide room in my tummy for the taste-sized pizza slices., And if local voters follow a national trend that's expected to push many more Republicans into office today, District 6 could elect a Republican, too., "She just smiled at me," he said., Two-term Ohio Sen. Tim Grendell wants to go back to the state House of Representatives., It used to be that California was kingpin in the Bay Area, but with rising prices it's becoming cheaper to ship wines across the ocean than to truck them, Academic rank: 1 of 194, Students from several different schools handed in shots of them getting ready for prom, posing with friends and dancing the night away for The Jersey Journal's Hudson County prom scrapbook., In support of the West St. Paul ordinance, one council member said that no one wants a higher concentration of rentals around them because it lowers the surrounding housing values., This left Wilf furious because Childress did not consult with ownership before making his decision., Rooms for rent, The Cardinals had begun their comeback with two runs in the sixth inning and they scored five more in the seventh when Matt Holliday hit his 13th homer and third in two nights. Rookie pitcher Brandon Dickson, who toiled 2 1/3 scoreless innings, singled for his first big-league hit, keeping the rally alive in the seventh., Someone once said that fighting is easy, but collaboration is hard work. We're willing to roll up our sleeves and do the hard work that is necessary to make our schools great. And our door is always open for those willing to work with us. Our children are worth the effort., "You don't want to be in position where you're the guy who takes him out of the game. ... I don't want to hurt him.", The two-hour ceremony also kicked off a bipartisan effort conceived backstage to raise about $10 million to finish the memorial's first phase and maintain it in the future., Police released the child to his father., He said his ex-wife "liked to drink" at a Southwest Side tavern known to be a hangout for Chicago police officers, and this was where he believes she may have made the connection that eventually led to the bad tickets., Horrell claims it's the older sister who hits after plays are blown dead <U+0096> but she agrees the legal hitting is fun., "When you're in the thick of the fight, you rise or fall as one unit, serving one nation, leaving no one behind," he said., Oil prices fell 55 cents to $46.80 per barrel in premarket trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange., In December, at the following court date, Slay Jr. again didn't show. But John Bouhasin, a former city counselor now in private practice, said he happened to be in the courtroom at the time and heard the judge read Slay Jr.'s name, twice., There's general agreement across party lines and all levels of government that the tax on industrial and commercial equipment is a disincentive to business investment and should be phased out., You shouldn't be., 9434 Dana Av, $100,000, After deliberating for 11 hours over two days, the jurors, who heard from dozens of witnesses and saw hundreds of pieces of evidence throughout Anthony's 36-day trial, convicted her of four counts of lying to law enforcement, which carry a maximum sentence of one year in prison per count., The study also shows city tax revenues falling short of projections, coming in at about $1.7 million rather than more than $2.2 million., "It was a little different than center, but I just had fun last year playing guard," Fraley said., WORST PART:I couldn't find anything not to like, except for some of the innuendos about certain parts of the body (uncomfortable with my teenage girls next to me)., Nello Olivo winery of Cameron Park recently collaborated with Shari Fitzpatrick, founder of Shari's Berries and the Berry Factory, on a line of chocolate-dipped wine bottles., Feb. 7: British diplomats begin to pressure Chinese government on Heywood murder investigation., The youngest of the players on that list is the favorite to be the next to reach 3,000, and he'll do it in pinstripes. Alex Rodriguez, who opens the second half on the disabled list because of knee surgery, is 238 hits shy of 3,000. Depending on how healthy he stays, the Yankees could have another 3,000-hit march to market late next season or in early 2013. Ivan Rodriguez,, Sen. Joe Kyrillos (R-Monmouth) commends Kwon for being transparent. Chair Nicholas Scutari (D-Union) responds that aides and senators weren't given the documents requested., As the probe into the murders gets under way, Chicago detectives are taking the lead, Molloy said. Two high-ranking officials in the detective division will supervise the 24-hour operation., Judge Steven Terry was convicted June 13 of three corruption-related charges for fixing a foreclosure case for Russo and performing campaign work with court employees on county time. He is scheduled to be sentenced Sept. 7., Diamond's stock jumped $5.88, or 10.3 percent, to $63.10 in morning trading, near their 52-week high of $63.87., UO accomplished all of that minus would-be ace Christian Jones, out for the season with an arm injury. Pitcher Alex Keudell (1-2, 2.77 ERA) has taken the reigns as a team leader., Oct. 12: chicken noodle soup, crackers, garden salad, Mandarin oranges., "I just think right now America has gotten to a place where I don't know if they want me to tour or not. Right now I just want to go to the places where I am getting the most love, and Australia and South America have done that for me," she said. "Kind of going to the places where I get the most love. Don't want to go anywhere where I don't feel completely comfortable with it.", Price range: From $125 to $150 for an 8-ounce Hair Shake up to $400 to $425 for the 32-ounce size, depending on custom ingredients., Although most workers in these trades don't expect regular tips, you'd be hard-pressed to find one who didn't appreciate a nice bonus of $20 to $50 during the holiday season., He could argue passionately, knowledgeably and without rancor., THEFT: On Feb. 29, a 32-year-old resident of the 1400 block of Washington Avenue, Granite City, was arrested at home on a charge of theft over $300., We wished our server had talked us out of ordering the "Cognac-Dijon peppercorn" sauce, which was the most unappetizing $4 this side of Carl's Jr. One plunk of one lovely piece of aged sirloin into this cup of mustardy malfeasance and we had our answer: avoid., No barriers, only open doors., “If a builder is active in one of our communities, they can build in any of them,” Holland said., "We've seen these elections being dominated by the Internet," said Stefanos Loukakos, country manager in Greece for the Internet giant Google, citing a major shift in online habits since the 2009 election., Nike Baltimore Elite president Carlton “Bub” Carrington recalled watching Jones and R.J. Williams – a St. Frances graduate and now freshman point guard at Loyola – square off several years ago in the championship game of the Nike Jamboree, a showcase for the top sophomores in the country at St. Louis University., Here's the full build-up that shows the passes before the one-touch clinic., CASE 17, Those arrested included Gregory Joseph Leary, 20, in custody since Friday, when he was charged with having sex with the 15-year-old. The other four are Timear Lewis, 19, and three boys aged 13, 14 and 17. Each was charged with aggravated sexual assault and child endangerment., Both sides of the interstate were closed over the weekend so crews could place girders for the new Union Road bridge. The northbound lanes and two of four southbound lanes were set to reopen at 5 a.m. The northbound lanes will still reopen at that time, but the southbound lanes will remain closed until midday, when two lanes will reopen, the Missouri Department of Transportation said Sunday night., Power outages were widespread and expected to last up to 24 hours., <U+0093>What the government didn't expect was that the majority of Americans would choose to have their war dead brought home,<U+0094> Budreau said., "I want to be certain that the interests of Human Services programs don't get lost in this transition," Goldberg said. "Margaret understands our programs and knows what needs to happen both from a legislative perspective and policy perspective. And she has strong connections to the community. It makes her an ideal choice to do this.", "I knew they had a bunch of guys coming back and that we would have a really good shot. Winning state was our goal the whole time," Padgett said. "They've been running since middle school together and I'm just glad to be part of it.", The trail from the overlook to the rim, about three-quarters of a mile, is a pleasant, not-so-steep walk through ponderosa pine, white fir and quaking aspen., After attending the solemn event with Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk, Putin said Soviet dictator Josef Stalin ordered the atrocity as revenge for the death of Red Army soldiers in Polish prisoner of war camps in 1920. Putin said 32,000 troops under Stalin's command had died of hunger and disease in the Polish camps., 4 p.m. – 5 p.m., I am responsible for the technical implementation of TextPower’s technology to provide businesses with state-of-the-art solutions that employ text messaging for website security, information delivery and control of remote devices., "It's a shame it happened, it went on far too long and too many people died. My fear now is the United States has really figured out another way to do war. The question is what is the role of these contractors who remain in Iraq, and is that occupation by another means?", But he also has bogged down his trial with lengthy cross-examination of prosecution witnesses. On Tuesday, he closely questioned Radomir Kezunovic, a former municipal official in Sarajevo, about the make up of local government in the lead-up to the Bosnian war., LONDON (AP) — Arsenal's grip on third place in the Premier League was loosened Saturday after the Gunners were held to a 3-3 draw by Norwich in Arsene Wenger's 900th match in charge of the north London club., There also is a space on the form to mark 'some other race" and to write in that race., TV ratings: Given the tangled web of regional and national television networks, it's not as easy to compare the Pacers' TV ratings with the rest of the league's. Here's what we do know: Ratings for games shown on Fox Sports Indiana have improved by 50 percent in two seasons from an average audience of 17,760 in 2009-10 to 26,640 this season. But . . . the majority of that improvement was actually last season., QUESTION: Does the fact that the incident occurred on a school campus matter in terms enforcement?, The Atlanta Area School for the Deaf declined to comment on the case. The Fulton County Board of Education also declined to comment except to say the bus driver is no longer employed by the district., Tonight, Romney can be expected to continue a full-on assault on Gingrich that has only escalated since Saturday. Of late, he's arguing that Gingrich has been an unreliable conservative voice since leaving the House speakership. After long keeping his sights trained on President Obama, the former Massachusetts governor is playing for his party's right flank, even unveiling "Reaganites for Romney" earlier Thursday., With reporting by John Caniglia, Rachel Dissell and Peter Krouse, That trend will continue with Akerson, a former president and chief financial officer at MCI. He left that telecommunications company in 1993, several years before its ill-fated merger with WorldCom., "It was a beautiful area. My eyes were always open," he said. "Usually when Brits come to America they stay along either coast. It was an eye-opener to see the interior of the country.", The president said deepening the payroll tax cut would save an average family making $50,000 a year about $1,500 compared to what they would if Congress did not extend the current tax cut., In 1998, the process repeated itself: Gallagher filed to run against Russo in the Democratic contest for county auditor, then withdrew before the primary. And four months later, Russo hired him at the auditor's office and gave him a $5,500 bump in pay. (See copies of Plain Dealer newspaper clippings from the candidate filings and election results in the DocumentCloud viewer below.), I have liked so many movies in every genre. But when people ask me this question, I always say, "The Grapes of Wrath." If I'm going to pick a favorite movie, I'm going to pick a classic. It's a movie that's a great adaptation of a book -- the author, Steinbeck, loved it. It's so heartfelt and earnest., Newman, the Transocean executive told the committee that, indeed, the BOP had been modified in, The Catholic Land Pastoral `s survey released Monday showed murders connected to land disputes fell from 34 in 2010 to 29 in 2011. Murder attempts also fell, from 55 to 38. In spite of the trend, the number of conflicts nationwide rose from 1,186 to 1,363, and the number of death threats grew from 125 to 347., The teen, who is home, has been forced to wear an ankle bracelet as a result of his arrest, officials said., "What drives turnout in presidential years is the competitiveness of the race at the top of the ticket," said Willis, now executive in residence in the School of Public and International Affairs at the University of Baltimore. "You don't have the competition going on on the Democratic side.", Jefferson Avenue, 12:18 p.m.: A reporting party called to say a table had been set up on the sidewalk with "propaganda.", And yet, the last time I talked to a County Council member — just two days after 4-year-old Ellie Bland was killed in March — Josh Wagner said: "I'm still committed to driving on the beach. People just need to understand it's a road.", In more sensible Windows Phone news, Nokia showed off the Lumia 900, which will soon become available from AT&T. The Lumia 800 (its international predecessor) has won high marks for its superior design and build. The 900 has a larger screen (4.3 inches; worrisome, but it doesn't sound as immediately crazy as the Titan's 4.7-inch display) and 4G data speed. If it's anything like the 800, it'll truly show off Windows Phone to its greatest advantage., Saturday night the live pro wrestling event will present in the multi-purpose room of Ingrid B. Lacy Middle School (IBL). There is a special intermission performance by the rock band Haunted by Heroes. HBH has played on the same bill as Motley Crue and has been featured on the "Today Show." Additionally they have played various gigs at legendary venues such as LA's Whiskey a Go-Go and San Francisco's Broadway Studios. Billed as "the youngest rock band in the world," these five middle-schoolers are all Pacificans., Certain sections not controlled by private developers, like the segment between Hoboken and Weehawken, had been left uncompleted., Gingrich drops names of the intellectual and political elite he has known and boldly lays claim to a major share of the legacy of two presidents, Reagan and Clinton. He brags that his candidacy is so historically significant and so utterly different from any other that it is nearly incomprehensible to the dullards in the media. In front of the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce, after presenting a litany of intractable problems faced by the nation, he said of himself, “If you have a leader who knows what he is doing, we can turn this around in a year.”, They are given access, including personal cell phone numbers, to teachers who demand accountability in return., "The interim report makes clear that wide-ranging reform is long overdue," the statement said. "This record of historic failure must be reversed.", "She just brings such class to this race," Garrett said., <U+0095>Not dependent on the good will and sturdiness of volunteers, many of whom are retirement age themselves., Union leaders are locked in a battle with city budget negotiators, who recently asked city workers to give up pay raises scheduled for the fiscal year that begins July 1. Union representatives have refused to reopen contract talks, saying their members, who in recent years have agreed to help fund pension reform and a money-saving early-retirement program in exchange for the raises, have given enough., Those three teams also are the top three seeds in the Class 4 District 8 tournament, so while all three can claim a league title, only one of them will advance in the state tournament and have a chance to go to Springfield in a few weeks., In 1986, I moved to Arizona to accept a position with the Boulders resort in Scottsdale. My job was to build the wine program. The wine scene then was very different from what it is today., To be sure, much has changed in 20 years. Two of the L.A. police chiefs who followed Daryl Gates have been African Americans. We have a Latino mayor and a black president. My City of Angels that for many dark days became a city of fear gradually turned its attention back to mismanaged schools, irrational real estate prices and the fate of the Dodgers., In response to this unrelentingly snowy January, I'm choosing, as Song of the Day today, one of the sunniest songs I know: "Golden," from Jill Scott's great and frequently underrated 2004 album, "Beautifully Human: Words and Sounds, Vol. 2." (Her 2000 debut album was "Who Is Jill Scott? Words and Sound,s Vol. 1")., REHEARSALS for the New Melle Community Passion Play will begin in February for the Easter presentation of The Last Days in the Life of Christ. Choir members will meet at 7:30 p.m. Feb. 6 at Friedens Peace United Church of Christ, 3560 Mill St., New Melle. Choir members will continue to meet at 2 p.m. Sundays, beginning, Little more than a year later, a Houston judge wants to see the office ended after the grant that initially funded it runs out, at least for juveniles., Harper came up with two outs in the first and Hamels plunked him in the small of the back. Harper quickly shrugged off the sting, going from first to third on Werth's single to left., He also wouldn't identify the powders used in his bath salts, except for such benign ingredients as Epsom salts and baking soda., If federal strings get in the way of creating an effective job-training program, the state should urge the feds to snip them. And Ohio businesses, which have not always been forthcoming about their work-force needs, must help by being open about their requirements., "We are here in solidarity with the students," said Lucye Millerand, president of the Union of Rutgers Administrators-American Federation of Teachers union, during a press conference outside the building., By the way, because of the city's perch at the top of Monterey Bay, this stretch of coastline faces east, so you won't see the sunset over the ocean. But if you rise early enough, you can watch the sunrise., RIM plans to start selling a Wi-Fi version of the PlayBook early this year, and a version that operates on Sprint Nextel Corp.'s 4G network is due to arrive in the summer., The announcement of the population by the governors of Maryland and Virginia was upbeat but with a healthy degree of caution., "Only when I shook Chuck Noll's hand," said coach Marty Schottenheimer., But DHS said the Thompsons deceived child welfare workers., Wahlstrom, reached by phone, declined to comment about the motive for the shooting, but his uncle, Randy Wahlstrom, said he was told it was over a girl., "For being the piece of furniture that no one in the family wanted, it now looks beautiful in my home," she added, "and I was able to preserve a piece of my family's history.", SAN DIEGO - A college student who was picked up in a drug raid and was forgotten in a holding cell says he had hallucinations of Japanese-style cartoon characters that told him to dig into the walls to find water., Is it possible to check receipts and donate the difference to the Pacifica Resource Center (http://www.pacresourcecenter.org/)? In Pacifica, we already know Safeway has a big heart for they are so often at the starting line to help those in need., Taking a potential franchise quarterback provides instant promise. But taking Ryan Tannehill or Weeden, especially in the first round, is hitting the panic button. It's making a pick based on need and not the best player available, which is the formula for failure in the NFL draft., Strengths, TEEN FANTASY BOOK CLUB will take place at 4 p.m. March 8 at Middendorf-Kredell Branch Library, 2750 Highway K, O'Fallon, on "Everlost," by Neal Shusterman. Participants should read the book before attending. Registration is required and limited to 15 participants. For more information or to register, go to www.youranswerplace.org or call 636-978-7997., But with nine minutes left in the third quarter, Bynum scored his first points of the game to bring the Lakers to within 55-45., Vogel, who is in his first full season as a head coach, led the Pacers to the third seed in the Eastern Conference and fifth best record in the NBA this season., Milliner — whose office is neutral on the matter — said that he doesn't believe that if the ordinance were to go into effect that it would push Denver's homeless population to the suburbs., She wasn't kidding. Unlike most artists who simply shuffle their fans through with a few simple chicken scratches on a CD booklet, Del Rey spent a little too much time talking to each one, exchanging hugs and kisses, posing for photographs, signing body parts and showing the kind of gratitude for her supporters that was 100 percent real., Formative poet, Rich and Ahmanson called building managers to see if a shoot could be arranged. Some balked. Others demanded as much as $2,000 an hour, Ahmanson recalled, far more than they could afford., Other towns in the county, such as tiny Corning nine miles north of Craig, and Big Lake and Fortescue to the south, already have been evacuated as the flood moves south from the Iowa-Nebraska border., First we started contacting businesses about gift giving and started preparing for the Christmas season. It took a long time to build up that part of the business, but now we do as much business in December as we do in the first five months of the year., He was voted to the NFL's All-1990s team after making the Pro Bowl for five consecutive seasons (1996-200) as a kick returner with the Carolina Panthers., At least for residents, if not for the deer., “And the information appears it might also support a not guilty by reason of insanity defense as well,” Hanna said in the affidavit., But golf is better when Woods is relevant. If you can't see that, it might be time for the eye exam you've been putting off., Zac Efron plays Ted, a young sprout with a crush, The heartbeat bill has caused a rift among anti-abortion rights groups, with Ohio Right to Life officials not supporting it because of concerns that it would lose in court and that such a legal challenge would have the unintended consequence of strengthening a woman's right to choose an abortion., Color, thoughtful design, a beautiful shade tree and welcoming plantings can engage the passer-by and say hello to all., But Lt. Gov. Anthony G. Brown, sitting in for Gov. Martin O'Malley, and Treasurer Nancy K. Kopp said they were influenced by the fact that foundation dollars raised from private donors — rather than state money — would be used for the project., The loss took away the last chance for Miami to catch the Bulls for the best record in the Eastern Conference., It's been a very difficult time. A corporate jet is without a doubt a luxury item. When the economy tightens up, it doesn't matter how wealthy you are, the luxury jet market tightens up also., Three candidates running farther back in the pack -- New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson and Sens. Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut and Joseph R. Biden Jr. of Delaware -- said Friday they would honor the pledge, shortly after the challenge was issued in a letter co-signed by Democratic leaders in the four early states., But perhaps the most meaningful New Year's dessert is jin duey. The round glutinous rice balls are filled with sweet bean paste or a peanut-coconut mixture and deep-fried until puffed and golden brown. Their meaning? The seamlessness of family ties., Total oil production on public lands — off-shore and on-shore — has kept pace with the Bush administration years, despite the moratorium in the gulf. Natural-gas production overall is at an all-time high, though there was a dip last year in production from federal lands., o"I remember coming up to the plate," said Snow, now a special assistant for the San Francisco Giants who was hitting .408 with six home runs after his first 15 games for the California Angels. "Clemens threw a fastball over my head. I didn't say anything. I just watched him come halfway toward the plate, get a new ball from the umpire, and he smiled. That was old school.", That point was made with 17 chest-high traffic cones, clustered Monday in a banquet room at Cleveland State University Wolstein Center. Each was tied with a black ribbon, marking the number of deaths last year at Ohio's road-construction work zones., Professional athletes who pursue track & field in this country have the Olympics, once every four years. Do or die., Gary D. Ballard, Bel Air, Ferraro said front-office turbulence, not lack of funds, was responsible for off-field problems in 2010 and 2011 -- though he did say he was forced to pay many of the bills out of his own pocket., "They told us to go out there and see who wants to step up and see who wants it and I feel like a lot of guys showed up today," Vaughn said. "And I feel like we were connecting on a good pace. It was a really good day for us.", Hernandez, the Latino who voted for Obama in 2008, said he has five brothers who are undocumented immigrants., Yes, one can go Christmas shopping in August., New York is slated to receive $4.5 million from the settlement, the largest payment to any state., If that's the case, the Missouri Lottery says the cash will be used for public education in Missouri, like all unclaimed Powerball prizes., Myth: If you find yourself out wandering the desert in search of water, find a barrel cactus, cut it open and you will find cold, clear, pure water., "Currents 106: Chelsea Knight" is curated by Tricia Y. Paik and will be on view through July 1. Knight will present a free lecture at 6:30 p.m. on April 4 in Steinberg Auditorium on Washington University's Danforth campus., Brandt says Moore is the worst thing that even happened to Brandt's and prefers to focus on moving on., "I just kept hearing 'USA, USA, USA' from people watching," Berdan said. "So many people I didn't know were saying 'Go Dave!' or 'Go teacher!' It was awesome.", Exxon increased earnings even though it produced less oil and natural gas liquids. Benchmark crude prices rose 20 percent from a year ago., R5-17, Danny Coale, WR, Virginia Tech, The administration announced last year it would ban first-year students from Greek activities starting in the fall of 2012. School officials said they hoped that delaying rush would cut down on drinking and keep freshmen from limiting themselves socially to Greek organizations., Employers pulled back sharply on hiring last month, a reminder that the U.S. economy may not be growing fast enough to sustain robust job growth. The unemployment rate dipped, but mostly because more Americans stopped looking for work., The head of the United Nations said Syrian President Bashar Assad's continued crackdown on protests has reached an “intolerable stage,” and that the U.N. will try to speed up the deployment of up to 300 monitors to Syria. Only 15 are there now., TRENTON — A controversial bill to deregulate the telecommunications industry passed in the state Assembly today., Brian Hansen, of Maple Grove, Minn., is expected to recover, according to Tony Wolf, of the Geary County Sheriff's Office., Neuroscientist Eric Courchesne says he and his collaborators found evidence that many genes basically misfire, producing an overabundance of brain cells in the pre-frontal cortex that affect a child's social, language and communications skills., Comcast, the nation's largest cable TV company, has acquired a majority stake in NBC Universal, the owner of the fourth-ranked NBC broadcast network, a bevy of cable channels and the Universal Pictures movie studio., 424 Colony Woods Dr, $123,000, Even as we disagree on many things, the kind of unity that resulted in flags being draped from overpasses across the country after 9/11 is a solid indication that our nation remains as strong as ever., Visitors to the memorial handed over cash to D'Epifanio. Her hands soon were stuffed with ones, fives and 10s., Kim, 48, agreed. "You have to take responsibility for yourself; what you do is up to you," she said., Pappy & Harriet's Pioneertown Palace, 53688 Pioneertown Road, Pioneertown; (760) 365-5956, http://www.pappyandharriets.com. Country music-inspired roadhouse with classic western cuisine. Closed Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Dinner only on Mondays. Lunch and dinner, Thursday through Sunday. Many entrees are $10 or less; mesquite-grilled Porterhouse is $24.95. Music every night; some shows are ticketed., In a 2008 memo to an advisory board member, Ryan said he used the seized cash to cover the unit's day-to-day expenses, such as training, evidence storage and, most importantly, buying drugs from suspected dealers., Riviera Bakery, Quicksilver Ranch: 1555 Alamo Pintado Road, Solvang. Daily 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Free. Info at qsminis.com or (805) 686-4002., To argue otherwise is pretty naive in this day and time. If Atlanta doesn’t do it, some other city in search of an NFL team will be waving a lucrative aid package. Just ask cities that have lost sports teams., Deckers, like the other artists, has received positive reactions from passers-by while decorating a utility box along Calle Amanecer at Calle Negocio., "You've got to say 'yes,' 'no' or 'I don't know,' " Alsup scolded Page at one point. "You must do that.", On the CNN show, O'Mara said up to 50 people had sent checks for Zimmerman's defense., Then before Tuesday's game, McMillan acknowledged that Mills was on watch. His play had to improve, or else Roy and Fernandez would get all of the backup point guard minutes., Here's the full schedule with onsale dates:, PERSONNEL: Steve Diaz (drums, bass), Matthew LoPresti (drums, percussion), Michael LoPresti (vocals, guitar, piano), Mark Porostosky (guitar, mandolin) and Aaron Smith (violin, piano), Now another big difference is Gov. Bush is proposing to open up our, some of our most precious environmental treasures, like the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, to the big oil companies to go in and start producing oil there. I think that is the wrong choice. It would only give us a few months' worth of oil and the oil wouldn't start flowing for many years into the future. And I don't think it's a fair price to pay to destroy precious parts of America's environment., Arthur Jacobson has lived in a neighborhood near Town Lake since 1962. He is a longtime critic of the lake., By Chris West, When the Los Angeles Vikings win a Super Bowl in a couple of years, we can all thank Minnesota House Speaker Kurt Zellers for our pain. We won't forget that Zellers is responsible for another L.A. championship team., Aliotti will be happy to hear it., MyTexasTreasures, Hands on: 30 minutes Total time: 30 minutes Makes: Filling for 85 to 90 (1 1/2-inch) macarons, "I was born and raised here, and I know crawfish," he said, walking toward the Congo Square stage where the Hot 8 Brass Band was sending the same message: "Seafood, crawfish, that's how we do it in New Orleans," they sang., FAMU journalism major Victoria McKnight said she thinks the filing of criminal charges will curtail hazing during initiations into campus groups., Cleveland, Ohio -- Mike Lombardi, who used to work for the Browns as director of player personnel, now serves as a senior analyst for nfl.com, does TV work and writes for various other outlets., The idea isn’t new. In 1994, Gov. Christie Whitman called for NJN’s demise when she famously remarked that “government ownership of the media went out with Pravda.” Network officials proposed a similar idea two years ago but failed to get the backing of Gov. Jon Corzine or members of the Legislature., "He was told by hospital staff that their policy is not to respond to emergencies in their parking lot. They needed to call for an ambulance,'' said Sgt. Pete Simpson, Portland police spokesman., "Political or economic development goals for that money are actually in conflict with the fund itself," said Stacey Dycus, chief of staff to state Treasurer Ben Westlund. "It's not our money. We are the bank, the holder, but the money belongs to the (retirement fund) participants.", But by last night, he said he’d likely be back on the trail today because Isabella had made a “miraculous turnaround’’ and is expected to be released in two to four days., Brophy moved ahead of Chandler for the team lead after Tommy Williams won the 800 title., Investigators for the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services visited the home, as did police and mental health workers. But mother and son continued to live under the same roof even as their relationship grew more toxic., Hill's leaping ability also makes him an ideal red-zone threat. His blocking prowess was another bonus for a team that will emphasize that within its ground-and-pound scheme. "I can definitely put somebody on their butt," Hill said. "They liked my physicality a lot.", By Brent Snavely, Detroit Free Press, <U+0093>Getting It Wrong<U+0094> lays out Barnett's complaint that the Fed's money supply math is damagingly simple and became obsolete when various forms of money began to earn different rates of interest., 633 STATE ST $42,500, "Their latest ploy is to approach various state attorneys general with vague or unsubstantiated charges in hopes that ALEC is distracted from its small-government, pro-growth mission," Dye said., Corzine later lobbied his company's main regulator, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, on new rules,-- including one related to the handling of client money. He held a call with former Goldman colleague and CFTC Chairman Gary Gensler in July, according to public records., Hey, Hoynsie: If the Indians do not void Fausto Carmona/Roberto Hernandez Heredia's contract, what happens to Kevin Slowey when Carmona/Heredia shows up for work? -- Steven Alex, Gainesville, Fla., ‘‘I'm just part of the team,'' he said. ‘‘It's my role now. I feel I can do something every time I'm at the plate, but . . . we all have roles.'', "We could only use materials found on site," he said. The stream diversion was accomplished only with sand, gravel, earth, wood and stone already there, and the equipment used was limited to a trackhoe and a Bobcat. Those were trailered in from the Edgeley Grove end of the trail, which is blacktopped, to the boardwalk and bridge., "This is kind of like that last battle to that whole war," Johnson said. "It's been a long journey, and this is the game that's going to decide it for a while.", “So I guess I’ll have to bug them about it., Cedar tends to focus his camera away from the action. It turns out to be unconventionally engrossing to watch Eliezer's barely changing facial expressions during his son's acceptance speech, and much more humorous to see big-time professors in a cramped office rejigger their seats as someone enters or leaves., back LaMichael James, quarterback Darron Thomas, wide receiver Lavasier Tuinei and tight end David Paulson are headed to the NFL. A quarterback competition is underway between Bryan Bennett and Marcus Mariota. Kenjon Barner is expected to be the lead back. Several receivers are vying for increased minutes. The only element expected to look familiar next season is De'Anthony Thomas getting the ball and reaching the end, Best home winning percentage by a quarterback since 2005:, What if all women were to realize and internalize their role as mothers -- the ennobling traits and responsibilities that brings to bless lives. I believe it would be the most empowering way to lift women and to lift the world., Huge sale May 11 through May 13 at the Missouri Botanical Garden, After Stanford seized control early – something Oregon State has allowed to happen on the road this season – making 10 of its first 14 shots to take a 29-22 lead, Nelson got going. He hit three three-pointers on his way to 15 points in the half., The House had provided the full funding in its budget, but the Senate's recommendation was for half that amount. But on Monday, Senate budget writers agreed to the full amount., Bass allowed five runs, one earned, and nine hits in 5 2-3 innings, struck out four and walked one., Claudia's brother, Faustino Luis, said he can't understand why his brother-in-law couldn't get help immediately from the hospital., American family values are under siege again, this time in Maryland., "The horse looks awesome," he said. "But we're keeping our fingers crossed because we know what happened last year. This game is very humbling and you've got to count your blessings every day.", Cuisine: California/Mediterranean, Robert James Dozier grew up in Hollywood. His father was a TV producer who started as a literary agent in Los Angeles, so when Dozier was young, he listened in as writers including F. Scott Fitzgerald bantered back and forth in the family's living room., MORE INFO: 1-(520)-258-7200., "Please stop cutting articles and coupons out of library magazines. They do not belong to you. That is stealing and ruining the magazine for the next person.", According to him, this was no accident. "Joe's was mainly designed by Chester Dolphin, who was the primary designer of the Westlake home interiors., Still, the change left much to be desired for some residents and others, who questioned how much trust the town should put in the developer., Wasko said on Wednesday that the students would be punished, but the disciplinary action was decided by the principals, he said today., The Indiana Department of Environmental Management addresses petroleum and chemical releases, and cleans up land contamination from business sites that often predate rules and regulations., The florals were previously displayed in their entirety at the Walters in a 2007 focus exhibition., Hank III: 8 p.m. Headliners, 4500 N. Detroit, Toledo. 419-693-5300. $20., Even more detrimental, we end up talking about our positions only with people we know will agree with us. Gold investors seek out other gold investors. They read gold investor websites, attend gold-related conferences and subscribe to gold newsletters. Our influences end up becoming self-reinforcing dogma which only tells us exactly what we want to hear., Some Portland teachers, by earning pay for extra hours and extra duties, come away with far more than the $72,000 listed as the top of the district's teacher pay scale., Beckert and Marshall both said they're confident the developers and the city will be able to attract businesses to the region. But redeveloping large industrial sites can be difficult., Park Avenue Coffee, "I really try to preach grinding it out," he said. "Don't let it get to you. Forget that (bad) shot and go to the next shot. Obviously, I want to see the girls go for par on every hole. But once you take a shot away from having any chance of a par on a hole, figure out how you can get a bogey on a hole. Bogey is not a bad score, especially for girls golf.", "It's so beautiful, like a black-and-white calligraphy," Masaki Yokokawa, owner of Guest House Pongyi, a small hostel that opened in 2009, said of the garden in winter. And when the icy chill eventually gives way to springtime, the awakening branches will bloom with feathery pink and white cherry blossoms., About a year ago, she took her couponing online. She took over FloridaCouponers.com and started a Yahoo group, Frugal Mamas, which has about 60 members from Ocala to Sarasota. She also founded a coupon club at her church, which happens to meet in a former Winn Dixie., CASA ROBLE 68, OAKMONT 52, AFA also sells products under the brand names Moran's, Stone River Ranch and Miller Quality Meats., oAfter leading the Premier League for most of the season, City trailed United by eight points earlier this month but two more wins should now be enough to claim a first league title since 1968., The company sees its turbine at Lincoln Electric as a demonstration project, proving the worth of its technology and leading to additional orders. The task force hopes the additional orders will persuade Kenersys to build its U.S. headquarters and a sales office here, followed within five years by a factory., Cooley campaign spokesman Kevin Spillane called it outrageous that Harris' office has yet to release all the information the campaign requested. He threatened a lawsuit., Consumers who buy through Dominion East Ohio's Standard Choice Offer will pay just $4.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The rate begins January 12 and runs through mid-February., "I mean it's tough seeing your best player lay on the ice," Hitchcock said. "It's tough getting the information he's not coming back. But what's tougher is the impact it has on your team. So, as a leader, both of us have found out ways to get our team to move on. Because we've had to move on.", Best progress: Reforming Florida's Blood Centers. After nearly a solid year, this nonprofit agency that has been involved in many questionable big-money deals has finally started making some of the reforms it previously refused … just in time for state Senate hearings about to commence., Lucky Strike, Police said the man entered the Provident Bank on Amboy Avenue at 1:30 p.m. Monday, handed a note to a teller demanding money, grabbed the cash, walked out and fled on foot., • 6,863: The number of new foreclosure cases filed in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court through the first six months of 2009. This is an improvement from the 7,859 new foreclosure cases during the first half of 2008., On April 26, 1927, the City of Westminster was also looking forward to a few improvements. It was on that date that the Maryland General Assembly approved legislation to allow the city to borrow a total of $75,000 at a rate of interest not to exceed 4 1/2 percent., Yemen was the launching pad for two foiled al-Qaida attacks on U.S. territory: the Christmas 2009 attempt to down an American airliner over Detroit with an underwear bomb and the sending of printer cartridges packed with explosives to Chicago-area synagogues in 2010., Cordray had held an early lead in the race to be Ohio's top lawyer for the next four years, but DeWine gained throughout the evening and eventually won with 48 percent of the vote to Cordray's 46 percent., In 2001, while Carney was working under board restrictions, the parties reached an out-of-court settlement of nearly $1 million. Carney said he reluctantly agreed to the settlement because a negative jury verdict "would have been devastating" to his business., Mack accumulated about $140,000 for a runoff election, and his war showed its power throughout Trenton as supporters toted signs seemingly on every corner., "Congress has decayed dramatically in the last 20 years," he said. "In the long run, if Congress doesn't understand things and can't legislate things, you can't fix it.", No one is advocating for a revolt on the scale of the French Revolution. However, this blatant punishing of educators and the children they teach needs to be addressed and corrected so that all our children receive a high-quality education, not just those whose parents have deep pockets., WASHINGTON (Morris County) -- A paroled pedophile from Morris County was indicted today on charges of sexually assaulting a child after officials found him home alone with a 4-year-old boy in Washington Township., After several hours, the music on my iPod started to rub the wrong way, and I ditched the headphones for other diversions., April 21: Shipley Nature Center Spring Plant Sale and Open House 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. California native plants for sale all day. Talk with nursery volunteers to learn more about how natives can bring life to your garden. Kids can learn about which native plants will attract butterflies and hummingbirds. Free. Huntington Beach. 714-842-4772 or shipleynature.org, "I want to be cognizant of the need for them to be different, but also make it possible for them to sit beside each other and share the same qualities," DeWitt said "They're the same size. There are similar touches. There's a nice symbolic thing that (comes from) ... the team's history.", "There certainly has not been a definitive decision in the case," she said., Brooklyn/Staten Island coach Anwar Gladden was impressed over the last few weeks. He believes she is “absolutely” a Division I player, but blossomed late and didn’t travel on the AAU circuit early enough., That those kicks weren’t made in massive stadiums against the highest level of competition didn’t matter to the Rams, whose scouts made two visits to St. Joseph to watch Zuerlein. He also worked out for the Vikings, Jets and Bengals and visited the Texans., The reason behind it? Perhaps a snob, Still, the Regal's traction control, electronic stability control and antilock brakes automatically provide traction assist if a driver doesn't sense he or she is getting beyond the limits of the car., "It hurt," she said Friday night, wearing a schoolgirl's uniform outside a Soi Cowboy go-go bar., Is there a better symbol of willed American decline? The pity is not Discovery's retirement -- beautiful as it was, the shuttle proved too expensive and risky to operate -- but that it died without a successor. The planned follow-on -- the Constellation rocket-capsule program to take humans back into orbit and from there to the moon -- was suddenly canceled in 2010. And with that, control of manned spaceflight was gratuitously ceded to Russia and China., Neela's, Wright is like Derek Jeter in this regard: He will play through all kinds of distress unless you tell him he can’t., Heck, even the weather, it seems, favors Eugene., NEW YORK -- General Motors CEO Fritz Henderson says the new GM will be a leaner and quicker company that's more focused on its customers and its products., The gunman vanished, but this immature trigger will be heard from again., After Brian McConnell finally finished redesigning his backyard in Twin Peaks, he didn't want the standard barbecue setup. "I wanted to have a grill that looked like part of the garden and that was not immediately recognizable as a grill," McConnell, an entrepreneur, said., District officials said Tuesday that the goals listed in the documents are not the duties Simmons is expected to perform on the job. Her responsibilities are spelled out in her position description, according to school board President Peter Calvo., AUSTIN, Texas -- Online retailer Amazon.com reached an agreement with Texas officials Friday to settle a sales tax dispute by expanding operations in the state and starting to collect sales taxes., "I have two strong friends that are survivors. One is celebrating her 30th anniversary and the other is celebrating her first year of being a survivor. No matter if it's the first year or the 30th, they both are stronger and more beautiful because of it! I love you Sherry and Linda.", Clark is survived by his wife, Kari Wigton Clark, and his children from two previous marriages, sons Richard and Duane and daughter Cindy., "I'm definitely disappointed," said Jon "Big Nut" Peters of Fremont, a familiar sight on gameday in his scarlet and gray-painted face, OSU jersey, silver legs and the Buckeye doll in hand. "I'm sick to my stomach over it because I like Coach Tressel. I think he did a pretty good job overall, and anytime you have a change in a program when things are going good, it's definitely going to be a loss.", "We constantly cover the voice of the voiceless and sometimes that calls for tough news coverage from anywhere in world. We hope China appreciates the integrity of our news coverage and our journalism," Negm said in the network's statement., * Retiring existing college building debt;, There was plenty of good news this week. Unemployment claims fell to 351,000, matching a four-year low. The Federal Reserve signaled that the economic recovery was gaining steam., While acknowledging that PG&E is working to improve its records system, the report's investigators take issue with its plans., But I don't like endorsements. I don't like The Bee telling me how to vote., According to police, Tomaszewski was using a personal GPS with an audio feature and may have been distracted. There are 12 signs along the road to warn vehicles of the low bridge, some with flashing yellow lights., A key addition to the defense has been 6-7 freshman Kevin Udo, who is originally from Nigeria and lives in West Orange. Udo became eligible for the second semester and has 53 blocks in 24 games, mostly off the bench. Steve Henderson, a freshman from West Orange, has hit 57 3-pointers as a reserve, sinking 43 percent of his shots from beyond the arc., A: Doug Manchester and I met in 1981 in the early days of my YPO career, and I was drawn immediately to his energy, vision and significant willpower. In the mid-1990s we did some preliminary work together on a real estate development in Vietnam, but the Asian financial crisis killed that project. When I converted to Catholicism 15 years ago, I asked "Papa Doug" to be my godfather, and a few years ago, we traveled to Vatican City and he arranged for us to meet Pope Benedict XVI., Back then, they weren't really thinking about the Final Four. Green just wanted them to be as good as they could be. And they were. And that's all you can really ask., Maybe the best we can do for now is to adopt the transparent approach of John Calipari, the Kentucky coach. He makes no apologies for what he does. He recruits players who plan to turn pro after a year or two and doesn't pretend that he expects them to graduate. In that sense, Calipari is being more honest about college basketball than is the NCAA., Rossman said he was punched so hard he lost memory of the night, though video surveillance shows he helped her out of her building after she stumbled into the lobby., A four-hour drive from Philadelphia brought me to the main street of Woodstock. Immaculately clean with its charming town hall, picturesque art galleries, stores, and restaurants - it could easily be mistaken for a movie set. Predictably, a few souvenir shops ride the consumer wave of the town's namesake music festival., But the gangster — who turns out to be Bill Murray, of all people — finds out that the couple’s in town. And after seeing her display her wings at a Solomon Burke concert — really, don’t try to make sense of this anymore, just go with it — he decides he has to cage this bird for himself., "The brutal murder of a 9-month-old baby obviously presents a horrific tragedy for the family and the community," she said. "The victim’s family continues to have our deepest sympathy and support.", 716 Barham Down Dr, $190,000, Cobalt -- 24 mpg city, 33 highway for base model; 25 city, 37 highway for XFE model, There's also the legitimate question of whether a criminal background <U+0097> even for an offense as reviled as child molestation <U+0097> should be an automatic disqualifier for any coverage., My record for pennies found in a single outing is 40. This happened on New Year's Day 2011, after someone apparently decided to celebrate by throwing a handful of pennies on a residential street., Hamilton felt it was important for the anniversary season to open on a familiar note. But after "A Chorus Line" (June 3-July 3), he's moving onto new ground with "The Secret Garden" (July 22-Aug. 21), a musical based on Frances Hodgson Burnett's classic novel, and the gender-bending musical "Victor/Victoria" (Sept. 9, 2011-Oct. 9, 2011). Disney's "101 Dalmatians" will be the children's show., Betty Ashford, New Rick blames this on the Legislature, which is run my members of his own party who also claim to support E-Verify., Officers from the Morris County Sheriff’s Office were stationed outside the high school yesterday, and students arriving for class were checked with metal detectors before entering the school., This chain of more than 300 islands is at the westernmost edge of what is considered the Polynesian triangle of the South Pacific (the three tips being Hawaii, Easter Island and New Zealand). But the islanders are a mix of races and cultures, predominantly Melanesian-Polynesian, Indian and the descendants of European settlers. They are gracious, hospitable and friendly. We didn't encounter any resentment toward tourists., Daniel M. Rogers, 19, was driving east on Powerline Road about 2 a.m. on Sunday, the state police said. He didn't stop his 1999 Jeep Grand Cherokee where Powerline ends in an intersection with Liberty Ridge Road., Another approach, sometimes called "harm reduction," involves trying to contain harm caused by imperfect actors while continuing work to change behavior. It can be controversial, but it has been proven to work., If you can't find Steel's Gourmet Cranberry Sauce (my preferred brand of no-sugar cranberry sauce) you can make your own. In a medium microwave-safe bowl, combine 1/2 cup fresh or frozen unsweetened whole cranberries, 1/4 cup water, 3 packets of stevia sweetener, 1 tablespoon agave nectar and a pinch of salt. Cover loosely with plastic wrap, then microwave on high until the cranberries pop and the mixture boils, about 2 minutes. Carefully remove the plastic wrap and mash the mixture with a fork or potato masher to make a chunky cranberry sauce., There's no way, the participants responded., Half a mile west, on the Ole Miss campus, I visited the site of the former university post office where he worked in the early 1920s. ("I refuse to place myself at the beck and call of every S.O.B. with the price of a two-cent stamp," he insisted, when asked to resign for neglecting his duties in order to write.), "My vision for America is very different than this president’s vision. What he’s done over the last 3 1/2 years is, is install a series of policies that have made it backbreaking for many small businesses, that have made it harder for our economy to reboot and put people back to work," Romney said. "What I would do - people ask me, ’What, what would you do to get the economy going?’ I say, well, look at what the president’s done, and do the opposite.", Still, I can already hear some of you muttering to yourselves. Quesadillas do have a reputation as a kind of dumbed-down sandwich — fold a flour tortilla over shredded Cheddar, stick on the griddle, and there you go., It was an abrupt and stunning turnabout for a proud franchise that had made the playoffs the past three seasons. It was a high-priced and experienced roster, and entering the season, the intrigue wasn't whether the team could reach the playoffs, it was whether the team could advance to the second round, or beyond. But even when the team raced to a 7-2 start, and found itself perched atop the Western Conference, all while garnering praise from Charles Barkley as one of the best teams in the West, McMillan never believed it., A breakdown in talks would be an opportune time to send we-mean-business signals to Iran. Obama might take up the Senate GOP leadership's offer to help write a resolution authorizing military action. He might order pouring more oil into the strategic reserve to cushion the economy from the fallout of hostilities. He might propose a 1 percent income surtax to be levied in the event of war to pay its costs. No doubt there are people in the administration with other or better ideas., But as he put it at his season-ending media availability last month, the decision is up to Maxiell, who has until June 30 to let the team know whether he will pick up his option of $5 million., "The big reason to change is that with radial access, there are fewer vascular complications" such as bleeding, bruising, and artery injuries, said Paul M. Coady, an interventional cardiologist at Lankenau., It was baseball's 21st perfect game and first since Philadelphia's Roy Halladay threw one against the Florida Marlins on May 29, 2010. It was the third in White Sox's history, joining Mark Buehrle against Tampa Bay on July 23, 2009, and Charles Robertson against Detroit on April 30, 1922., First Unitarian Church of Cleveland, 21600 Shaker Blvd., Shaker Heights. Community Forum Discussion “The Occupy Movement: A Quiet Rebellion?” presented by two Occupy Cleveland participants and moderated by Greg Coleridge, director of the Northeast Ohio Friends Service Committee, 9:30-10:45 a.m. (216) 751-2320., The NSF Prohibited Substance list explains what supplements players can and can't use. It identifies all substances banned by MLB and other sports organizations., An Occupy Wall Street protester and prosecutors are tussling over his tweets, a clash that's raising legal issues of privacy in an age of living online., The incident involved a tractor-trailer, which overturned near mile marker 28 and spilled steel beams across the highway, according State Police spokesman Sgt. Julian Castellanos. A 15-passenger commuter van veered off the highway, tumbling down a steep embankment to land in the eastbound lanes of Route 46., Two of the penalties were high-sticking calls against Perron and Oshie, with Oshie's leading to four minutes in the box for drawing blood on LA's Colin Fraser. A linesman called that infraction, and at the time the Blues thought they were going on the power play because the Kings had six skaters on the ice., "Yeah, I mean, I didn't come back that late," he told reporters. "I don't want to talk about it. They did what they have to do. I'm good with that. ... Don't get me wrong, I'm disappointed and I understand that was my mistake. I really hope that everything's going to work out for the team. If I get a chance to play again in the future, I'll help the team win. That's about it.", Company: TravelCenters of America LLC, She posted a 176-133 record at St. John's, guiding the Red Storm to four NCAA tournament appearances, including the past three seasons, and a spot in the Sweet 16 this year., Quinn won with the correct answer to this clue from the category The 1960s: "On nominating this man in 1967, LBJ said 'It is the right thing to do, the right time to do it, and the right man & the right place.'", But as anybody who has frequented L.A.'s power restaurants can tell you — Spago and the Grill on the Alley being the exceptions — the quality of the food is often the least important element in the equation. Craft didn't have to be great, just good enough. But the restaurant is much more than that. Colicchio doesn't fool around., "The individuals are fairly underdeveloped, emotionally and intellectually," Donovan said. "They are young adults and often they come from a family background where statements of bias are the norm. There's just an overall tendency on bias and intolerance against 'the other.'", Kashif Moore was thought to be a day three pick by some experts, but the 5-foot-9, 180-pound wide receiver went undrafted. So did kicker Dave Teggart, a long shot who had pretty much resigned himself to latching on with a team as a free agent since the draft normally doesn't see more than two kickers selected., The task force is not necessarily creating solutions yet, city spokesman Grady Wheeler said, but it's thinking of possibilities and gauging where on the city's priority list this job falls., "Variables such as the texture of the almond flour, the temperature and state of the sugar, the moisture content of the egg whites, and the viscosity of the macaron batter," Tian writes, "as well as random environmental variables such as ambient temperature and humidity, can all play a crucial role in macaron baking.", The state's unemployment rate is at the lowest level it's been since 2008, but Wisconsin lost more jobs than any other state between March 2011 and March 2012. Since Walker took office 16 months ago, only 5,900 private sector jobs have been created., Without too much exaggeration, one could call it a coming-out party for St. Louis' technology industry, too., CLEVELAND, Ohio — With 10 minutes remaining in Friday night's game, The Q scoreboard operators showed a live shot of the developing snow showers outside the arena. Moments after the image flashed on the Jumbotron, fans could be seen heading for the exits., If you manage to keep alive a houseplant for, oh, more than a few months, there will surely come the day when it has outgrown its starter pot. The roots will be tangled. It will be gasping for air. It is especially wise to check in on your potted plants at winter's end (especially in certain climes), when the promise of vernal sun brings on hardy growth spurts, and your ready-to-burst houseplant begs for roomier real estate. (Some signs of a houseplant in need of roomier digs: It's top-heavy for the pot, or when roots start emerging from the existing pot's drainage holes.), "Go find that check," Southern District Commissioner Leonard Bentz said after the commission voted., Griner takes the derogatory comments in stride, her teammates don't., "We're finding several areas where although the values fell, the tax bills have increased because of levies," said Tom Minninger, Summit's appraisal supervisor. Minninger said people tend to forget levies that might have been approved last May., "He's not as aggressive," Hirsch said. "That's one of the first things we talked about. When I first saw him, I thought I noticed that's how he was playing. It's funny because different goalie coaches have different styles. Some goalies can work well with my system, or another system or whatever, and some goalies can't., 72 PIETY CT $193,000, Direct government payments to farmers and ranchers increased 48 percent, primarily from conservation programs that compensate farmers for taking environmentally-sensitive land out of crop production., That said, Blade is waaay too serious. Great superheroes need to have a sense of humor and some perspective. This is where guys like Mr. Incredible score points. Of course, I'm biased because I kind of have a thing for his superhero wife. Don't ask ..., 800 S. Kenwood Ave., Canton, To schedule an appointment, call 216-858-6250 or, toll-free, 1-877-790-7370. Volunteers will answer the phone lines from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and 4 to 8 p.m. today, Oct. 25. The lines will re-open from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 26, if appointments remain., He had surgery on his left knee in 2008 after dislocating his kneecap, keeping him out for 47 regular-season games and the first of Los Angeles' three straight runs to the NBA finals. The Lakers lost to Boston in the 2008 finals without Bynum, but they've won the last two championship series with Bynum in uniform., One key example: An adjustable suspension system that raises or lowers the height of the truck depending on the terrain drivers encounter., Reading from notes at a podium bearing an “Obama Isn’t Working” sign, Romney alternated between quoting hopeful passages from Obama’s 2008 convention speech and ticking off sobering statistics about the nation’s economy: an 8% unemployment rate, hundreds of thousands of lost jobs in North Carolina, and 24 million Americans out of work or underemployed., They also located Patrick Gerard O'Donnell, 50, at the bottom of the embankment. He reportedly had "paralyzing type injuries," according to a press release. Both the man and the ranger were taken to area hospitals with serious injuries that were not life-threatening., Billingsley-Walker's smorgasbord of interests and commitments forced her from time to time to play catch up in all areas except one: academics., CTU and Jackson had planned to meet after Easter, both sides said yesterday, but they have called a meeting at 7 p.m. tonight at City Hall. If they can reach agreement on one of two remaining sticking points - how to handle staffing at struggling schools - Jackson has hinted that he may not see a need for the other disputed point - his push to start contract negotiations from scratch, throwing out all previous contracts., To make the zest, use a sharp citrus stripper to peel long strips from a lemon. Make sure you get only the yellow peel, as the white pith underneath is bitter. If you do this in advance, cover the zest with a damp paper towel and plastic wrap so the lemon curls do not dry out before you use them., Actually he did it twice before, once last year, the other time in 2009. But last night’s two were huge., As an example, Brewer said it has been erroneously reported that the new immigration law would allow racial profiling and that visitors can't come to Arizona without ID or they'll be arrested., liquor, wine and milk). That definition got scrapped after a speaker at a public hearing pointed out that "cylindrical" doesn't describe even all those containers currently covered., The Syrians are a threat to the entire region and the millions of people – Christians, Muslims, and Jews – through their partnership with Iran., Not that his tribute to singer-songwriter and frequent collaborator Joni Mitchell didn't deserve to win. But "River" triumphed over far more popular albums by Foo Fighters, Vince Gill, Kanye West and Amy Winehouse. And no jazz album had taken the top honor since "Getz/Gilberto," a collaboration between saxophonist Stan Getz and guitarist Joao Gilberto, in 1965., NEW YORK -- Manager Terry Collins said that he wants to keep Kirk Nieuwenhuis in a semi-regular role during his time with the Mets, though he admitted it would be "a bit of a platoon" with Scott Hairston also seeing some time., The case involved a business dispute between Chinese companies and an American business that had filed for bankruptcy protection. A court-appointed bankruptcy trustee had sued the Chinese companies, accusing them of attempting to steal trade secrets and of defrauding the American company. That led to a judgment of more than $1 million against the Chinese companies., MHTA President and CEO Margaret Anderson Kelliher said construction would likely begin soon on a suite of offices on the building's fourth floor near the historic trading floor., In 2000, al-Quso was assigned in Aden to videotape the bombing of the USS Cole but fell asleep. Despite the lapse, he was declared the regional leader in Aden. He was also believed to have played a prominent role in al-Qaida's attack and the capture last year of Zinjibar., In 2009, GE Capital Finance was the largest segment by revenue, but it was hurt by problems in its holdings and commercial real estate lending. The energy and technology businesses were the most profitable, followed by NBC Universal, GE Capital and the home and business unit, which was easily the smallest segment by sales., ZENEPE SHINGJERGJI, 79, Orlando, died Saturday. Baldwin-Fairchild Funeral Home, Conway Chapel, Orlando., Even so, just like Santa Ana's similarly structured Middle College High School about eight miles away, Early College High School has become an academic powerhouse, turning out dozens of disciplined, focused graduates each year with the skills and experience to succeed in college., Woody is being held on a $50,000 cash bond., “Nothing takes away from the unspoken horror” of Sept. 11, 2001., The best-known Harlow-Gable collaboration is "Red Dust" (1932), set on an Indochina rubber plantation where Harlow's working girl hooks up with Gable's plantation owner before genteel Mary Astor spoils her fun. The repartee is fast and furious, with Harlow, who introduces herself as "Pollyanna, the glad girl" getting most of the good lines. Variety reported at the time that the film was "deemed too hot for Nazified Germany.", A collection of watercolor, acrylic and ink paintings by Collinsville resident Loris Butterfield will be on display at Flavors Cafe and Wine Bar in Breese through April 27. The business is located at 240 N. Main St. in Breese., The players' concentration seemed affected by the insistence of some in the audience on applauding at every single break in the music, inappropriately and distractingly. Fortunately, the second-half work, Philip Glass' Violin Concerto No. 2, "The American Four Seasons," is written without any breaks at all., The plan also calls for tens of billions of dollars in upgrades to roads and bridges and $250 billion in tax relief for individuals and businesses through tax credits and a variety of tax cuts., Philadelphia’s Kurt Vile brought substantial volume and a bit more energy to his opening set, impressing with bludgeoning psychedelic drones that bordered on stoner rock. Imagine the young Lou Reed fronting Neil Young’s Crazy Horse., "Dessert wines" is a nebulous term: Are they wines to drink as dessert or with dessert?, Kelly said Barber is wrong and his focus is on cutting taxes, creating more jobs by building a stronger economy and lowering gas prices by opening up more federal lands to exploration., A: I think certainly there's a window to profitability that you have to think about. And you need to be close to it. When we look out, it's one of these things where we're actually fairly close and we're in a good position. Should (an investor) be expected to look out four or five years? No, I think that's too far. With energy and cleantech, it might be more appropriate to look out two or three years., 32806 Kathleen Dr., $215,000, Target is phasing out the products this spring. It will still sell two Kindle competitors: the Nook by Barnes & Noble and the iPad by Apple., WHEN things get so balled up that the people of a country got to cut loose from some other country, and go it on their own hook, without asking no permission from nobody, excepting maybe God Almighty, then they ought to let everybody know why they done it, so that everybody can see they are not trying to put nothing over on nobody., Asked if he would reassess disciplinary action meted out to Harris, Kelly said: "It won't make me reassess anything. This situation has been known to us since last (June). I've known all the information you guys found out about today. I've seen everything.", But at the Cancer Institute of New Jersey in New Brunswick, researchers have stabilized the chaotic disease through direct injection of a virus-vaccine into the tumor – work which has earned them a “highly-rated” distinction for work in progress at the American Association for Cancer Research’s annual meeting in Chicago this week., But like U.S. bridges and sewer systems, dams are aging and falling below modern safety standards. Fixing them costs a lot of money, particularly when fish-passage upgrades required by the Endangered Species Act add to the tab., Even users of the word look down their noses at some bespoke brethren. Stefan Paszke, one of the owners of Bespoke Cycles in San Francisco, says some companies tweak an off-the-shelf bicycle frame and unfairly call it custom. "That's not really a bespoke bike," he says. His shop takes dozens of measurements of a rider and completes a questionnaire about what kind of riding a customer does to create a handmade bike from $3,500 to the "sky is the limit," Mr. Paszke says., To keep on Uncle Sam's good side, both partners have to fill out the federal forms again, filing as singles., Mackler, who met with Browns chief negotiator Matt Thomas here on Friday, has until March 5 to hammer out a deal with the Browns. If nothing gets done by then, the Browns will franchise Jackson, a source has said., 4 (129)–x Miles Burris, lb, San Diego State, <U+0093> Some of the defendants did say things that perhaps they shouldn<U+0092>t have said .. but they had a right to say it,<U+0094> Weiss told the Free Press today, saying <U+0093>it<U+0092>s unfortunate that people are getting indicted<U+0094> for speaking their minds. <U+0093>It<U+0092>s the thought police. The government should not be so sensitive that they take away First Amendment freedoms simply because someone says something they don<U+0092>t like.<U+0094>, Highly publicized drug-cartel killings in Acapulco's tourist zone, a hand grenade in a popular Guadalajara nightclub only a block from the upscale Hotel Fiesta Americana, and muggings and shootings near Mazatlán's cruise port are signs that tourist destinations are no longer insulated from the drug-related violence wracking Mexico. Monterrey, one of Mexico's most important medical tourism destinations and an upscale city that enjoyed a quiet distance from the brunt of the conflagration in its early years, has seen a raft of shootouts and kidnappings, prompting the State Department to order all its personnel in the city to, The game is at noon today., Pitching matchups: RHP Derek Lowe (1-0, 0.00) vs. RHP Luke Hochevar (1-0, 2.84) today at 4:10; RHP Jeanmar Gomez (0-0, —) vs. LHP Jonathan Sanchez (1-0, 3.60) at 7:10 p.m. Saturday; and RHP Ubaldo Jimenez (0-0, 2.57) vs. RHP Luis Mendoza (0-1, 1.59) at 2:10 p.m. Sunday., World Peace returned in the second half and provided more hustle plays. He set up Andrew Bynum and Matt Barnes on fast-break drives. He also converted on two baskets after grabbing steals. But those plays came too late, as the Lakers trailed 91-70 entering the fourth quarter., More thumbs up (excluding the no-brainers): QBs Matt Stafford, Ryan Fitzpatrick, Mark Sanchez, Joe Flacco; RBs Reggie Bush, Tim Hightower, Mike Tolbert, Ahmad Bradshaw, Peyton Hillis, Jahvid Best; WRs Stevie Johnson, Plaxico Burress, Anquan Boldin, Mario Manningham, Nate Burleson, Jordy Nelson, Santana Moss, Braylon Edwards, Brandon Gibson, Johnny Knox., Season lightly with nutmeg, and salt and pepper if needed. Toss with the bacon, if using, and the extra tablespoon of butter. Transfer to a warmed bowl., Best man Prince Harry received the ring Thursday and is responsible for its safekeeping until the couple are wed at Westminster Abbey., "There's nothing like lifting your whole body to make you stronger," said Dempster, who is also using the classes to conquer her fear of heights., Yet, Slay himself voted for 12 out of 14 proposals to increase pension benefits during his tenure as alderman and aldermanic president., So let's look at one example., Some audience members, prune pickers themselves, reminded him what hard work it was, which he granted with a grin. But for Stanley, working with Mr. Pitman made up for all the sweat, stings and sore muscles., Tumacácori National Historical Park: The park, located in the upper Santa Cruz River Valley of southern Arizona, is comprised of the abandoned ruins of three ancient Spanish colonial missions. The Park is located on 360 acres in three separate units. San José de Tumacácori and Los Santos Ángeles de Guevavi, established in 1691, are the two oldest missions in Arizona. Details: www.nps.gov/tuma/, Pancho McFarland, an associate professor of sociology at Chicago State, fears the policy could restrict all types of communications by professors, including speaking engagements., "Don't pinch the nose," he warns an over-eager boy sporting a Mohawk haircut., Not a problem, sir. The town of Nelson, semi-Victorian, substantially bohemian, sportier and more artsy than your average hamlet of 9,700 souls, sits in the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia, about 30 miles north of the U.S. border. Picture a college town that has misplaced its university., The problem in both these instances is that reasonable analysis of what the demonstrators are actually saying doesn't support the pundits' talking-point takedowns. So regardless of how many times I might hear those pleas, I don't think it's the right choice for me to treat them as a topic of serious discussion., He's looking forward to playing in Chicago, although he had no real connection here., She appealed to Bangladeshis to respect the rule of law and called for a robust government investigation of the missing politician and allegations by the opposition of a brutal crackdown on dissent., There's another big difference in this version of the "The Wisdom of Menopause," which is actually as much a page turner (because of anecdotes the author shares from her life and other women's lives) as it is a reference guide., No reason or other details were immediately available, and Pinnacle has released no official statement. A message left with George was not returned Tuesday., <U+0093>He came voluntarily to the department and spoke with detectives for some time about the incident,<U+0094> RPD Patrolman Ron Pennington said., HPWC Morrow 3, New York Hota Bavarians 2, Today's question: What will America's energy economy look like in a generation? What should it look like? Previously, Taylor and White discussed the future of the personal automobile, calls to build more nuclear power plants, T. Boone Pickens' alternative-energy plan and offshore drilling., A: There's a lot of interest in reducing the use of psychotropic meds for schizophrenia because of the drugs' side effects. As many as 37 percent of people who take them have metabolic syndrome -- a cluster of symptoms (including high blood pressure, big waists and insulin resistance) that can lead to heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes., I agree with Pia that if Congress did nothing else, it should set about closing some gargantuan loopholes in the tax code., The window for nabbing the credit is narrowing quickly. Builders say first-time buyers interested in new homes already have run out of time. Buyers of existing homes need to have a purchase contract by mid-October, at the latest, if they hope to close by Nov. 30., With Normal big men Keita Bates-Diop and Kane Wildermuth in foul trouble, Book was given room to operate. And while he managed just nine points on 3-for-12 shooting in the first half, the 6-foot-6 center did most of his damage from the outside., About 60 politicians backed students seeking admission to the Urbana-Champaign campus in 2008 and 2009, according to records kept by the university's governmental relations office, which tracked the inquiries from lawmakers and other politically connected individuals. U. of I. trustees and donors also tried to help applicants., The cross at St. John United Church of Christ is one example of the lengths people will go to hide or dress up a cell tower., "It's an incredible tragedy," Diver said. "It really touches everyone in a small campus and tightknit community.", Snow is piled so high in some areas that it is causing some roofs to collapse and stressing others., CLOTHING: Keeping comfortable means wearing the right clothing. Padded shorts, which come in all sorts of variations, will keep you riding longer. Consider light-reflective clothing; Pacific Northwest days can mimic nights! Don't overlook gloves, which can provide padding to the palms and protect hands if you take a spill., In terms of actual number of employees, Phoenix is by far the largest, followed by Mesa., Christian Borle, "Peter and the Starcatcher", "That is the neat part of here, and maybe what we've built," Izzo said. "It's not me, and I'm not being that modest. It's the system, it's the guys, it's the assistant coaches -- they've got everything down. They're working on three different games right now and, hopefully, we can use it.", Since Christie tapped him in January, Harris has been even more quiet than usual, his colleagues say, and has declined to comment about his nomination. He is scheduled to go before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday., A plan being pushed by leaders in Baltimore and Annapolis would provide up to $1 million for the Baltimore state's attorney's office to rent space a few blocks from the courthouse, moving about 200 lawyers and support staff into their own quarters for the first time since the city courthouse opened in January 1900., Starting next weekend at Washington University, the seventh St. Louis Italian Film Festival will offer new movies from Italy on weekend evenings throughout April., Executive director Ellen Alper said NCJW wants its programs to provide a 'safety net" for children living in poverty. The annual Back-to-School event is the largest, reaching about 8,000 children over the last 12 years., It's that experience Brady will be leaning on come tonight's sectional matchup. Miller Career (20-4) hasn't lost to a St. Louis team all season. The Phoenix mercy thumped Rosati-Kain Thursday night at St. Mary's to win their second consecutive district championship., In early February, Mr. Feffer launched the "Take Back the Park" campaign, hoping that it would inspire what he calls "Natitude" among the team's fans. The ban lasted through March 8, when tickets were made available to all buyers, but the team restricted the number available for group sales., No, wait. I need to take that back. Not the jaded or cynical parts. But I think I can be shocked occasionally by things that happen in Hollywood., "It made me feel happy," Karen said of the trip. "I've never liked the ocean and I'm happy I got comfortable with it.", Podolski set up Milivoje Novakovic for a glimmer of hope in the 63rd, but Mueller rounded off the scoring with a classy backheel in the 85th to leave Cologne fans desperate for a late Hoffenheim equalizer in Berlin., Times may be tough, but she believes Obama is on her side. "He's for everybody," McCants says. Who does Romney care about? "Probably the business people," she says., Legislation supporting Jackson’s plan by changing teacher assignment, layoff, recall, pay and evaluation rules was introduced in Columbus on Wednesday afternoon, over the objection of the union, which had promised a fight if both sides had not struck a deal., Here are a few ways to make a bouquet garni., "Probably something in that Target-Apple partnership led to this decision," said Hottovy said., Jim Farrell - Vianney, It's not clear how the lottery would come up with the additional money to transfer to education., “I’d like to see him wait because from my standpoint, the kids in that program that he recruited and sold, they were very excited. I don’t know what’s going to happen, if this class is going to be saved because the kids are scrambling and the coaches are scrambling for it because this has been tarnished.”, 5. Miami ... 9 ... 1994-2002, Taking over after halftime, Weeden, the third-stringer, threw for 168 yards and two touchdowns, engineering a second-half comeback victory from 11 points down. The performance finally earned him a football scholarship., Reporters Helena Oliviero and Gracie Bonds Staples spent the last six weeks reading myriad reports, websites and research findings on Alzheimer’s, and interviewing more than three dozen Alzheimer’s patients, caregivers, advocates, doctors and medical researchers., In their race for the cloud, tech companies are leaving a trail of pollution from dirty energy sources, Greenpeace said Tuesday in a report that accused some of the world's biggest tech companies of failing to make clean energy a priority., A more important factor in seasonal bedbug surges may not be temperature changes so much as the travel schedules of their hosts, Jones said., That's three times the number of households that owned an e-reader just a year ago, pointing to rapid acceptance., This year, some Republican Arizona lawmakers hope to reclaim the reputation for having the toughest illegal-immigration laws in the nation., Over the past several years it has become evident bicycle riding has increased in popularity and many people depend upon this means of transportation for various reasons besides recreation or exercise., The governor also named John McCarthy as Ohio director of Medicaid, formally known as the Office of Ohio Health Plans. McCarthy is currently the Medicaid director for Washington, D.C., "There's still pain in my leg," Leipheimer said Thursday in a statement from his team Quick Step., GARFIELD HEIGHTS SCHOOLS, In South Brunswick, a water main broke on Riva Avenue near Ireland Brook today, and water service was cut off in the area, police said. They said water was shut off to about 50 homes in the area, and there was no immediate estimate when service would resume., Israel's repertoire is built on 10 starters -- oysters on the half-shell, polenta, soup and assorted salads -- plus a handful of entrees that includes a daily pasta and an excellent grilled fish option. And there's always a risotto of the day -- creamy-firm Italian arborio rice mingled with duck, salty ham, wild mushrooms and other interesting ingredients., From the first student through the door for breakfast to the last student on the bus home, Sullivan never rests. Helped by three classroom aides, she squeezes two meals, exercise, language lessons and playtime into half of a day. Her goal, by the end of the nine-month program, is for each student to leave equipped to start kindergarten on the same foot as their wealthier peers., WASHINGTON - President Obama's campaign sought on Thursday to capitalize on his new declaration of support for same-sex marriage to raise money while characterizing Mitt Romney as intolerant on the issue, even as Republicans tried to shift the conversation back to the economy., "Right now, the residents have no trust," Pippin said. "Morale is low in the county. I have no faith in them whatsoever.", Nagy employed and stole from both documented and undocumented laborers, Gamboa said. Manipulation, lies and inability to find other work kept the workers on the job site, he added., "It hit a crack in the boards, went back to them and out to the slot," Johnston said. "That's a little bit of a bad break." It was. Because it went right to Aspen Sterzer, who rifled the puck past Carruth. And the roof about came off the joint., The construction will be phased so that students can stay on site during the work., The district has seen leave time cashouts grow over the past six years. Between 2009 and 2011, the district paid an average of $129,925 in cashed-out leave time. Between 2006 and 2008, cashouts averaged $17,000 a year., Bulik cautioned, however, that using BMI to identify models with eating disorders is an imperfect strategy, since not all women who are underweight suffer from anorexia nervosa or bulimia, and not all who suffer from those eating disorders is underweight., "That's fantastic. It's a great first step," said Phoenix City Councilman Sal DiCiccio, who represents Ahwatukee and has been one of the main opponents of building a freeway though the Foothills., I hopped into my car and set off according to her instructions. After stopping at Caspian Lake — which appears in the novel as Battell Pond — I drove down an unpaved dead-end road near a neighborhood that was probably the setting for most of the novel's action., If one thing holds true about the Orchard Farm girls soccer team's recent run to fourth place in the Class 1 state tournament, it's that the experience was one for the tight-knit community., City officials recently met with Old Newsboys Day representatives to develop the new format for the Nov. 17 event in Clayton., The cliche notwithstanding, there are atheists in foxholes., That June, I volunteered to help with that year's senior party at my old high school. (I was in the video production program in school, and decided to help the next class with their video coverage of the events.), Afterward, Weeks played well in the field, and he had two hits (including a two-run single), scored twice and stole a base. Weeks' first-inning single snapped an 0-for-12 skid., 1606 PARIS DR $123,000, Johnson's assignment follows that of fellow Blazers rookie Luke Babbitt, who spent 11 days with the Stampede in December. The Blazers also signed a D-Leaguer, forward Chris Johnson, to a 10-day contract last month., "If you look back over the three days at what we've been able to do with our football team, you all knew the areas that we wanted to address, and I think we've been able to do it with the young men that we've drafted," Newsome said., Cavs coach Byron Scott, battling a cold, didn't feel well before the game and didn't feel any better afterward. But he tried to put things in perspective after an injury-riddled season, which started to go south when Anderson Varejao suffered a fractured right wrist on Feb. 10 and never returned., Over the last two days, defense attorneys have seized on those revelations and others in attempts to discredit Kelley, one of the prosecution's key witnesses in the corruption trial of former Cuyahoga County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora and Dimora's friend Michael Gabor., Sgt. John Hollenbeck, Outlook: Team officials have been consistent in saying that they need to add another wide receiver. With the free agent market lacking of any good options unless the Ravens want to deal with the baggage that Plaxico Burress and Braylon Edwards bring, the draft may be their last opportunity. Hill, who never had a chance to shine in Georgia’s Tech’s run-oriented offense, has wowed teams with his performance in workouts. He’s 6-foot-4 and 215 pounds, and he ran a 4.31 40 at the NFL Scouting Combine. If he’s still available and there’s no certainty of that, he could make the Ravens think long and hard about selecting an offensive lineman at pick 29. The Ravens, however, could just as easily wait and try to grab a guy like Sanu, Jenkins or Quick in the second or third round. While the position seems to be an annual question mark, the Ravens are extremely excited about Smith’s rookie season and they still have high hopes for second-year receivers, Tandon Doss and LaQuan Williams. But the reality is they are still missing another young outside option who can hold his own physically and stretch the defense with his speed. If they see that guy available in the draft, they won’t hesitate to select him regardless of the round., It is your input and support that have given the Farley strip its heart and soul and have made my job so much fun., Next, I took the site for a test drive, starting with my home problem du jour, my most recent, cardiac-arrest-prompting air conditioning bill., Calling sugar toxic goes too far, some dieticians said., The preservation has created a new community park, known as the Pompton Riverwalk., The main course included an oversize plate with slices of still-pink pork topped with pickled daikon, two knobs of well-seared Kobe beef with garlic paste, and a claw and half a lobster tail, spicy with Morimoto's seven-spice blend, next to a puff of whipped cream with the light texture of soft meringue and bright lemon flavor., 1. If you missed Cleveland's home and garden show -- or if you didn't get your fill of the lush gardens and renovation tips -- you've got a week left of the Central Ohio Home & Garden Show, which runs through Sunday, March 8, at the Ohio Expo Center on the Ohio State Fairgrounds, 717 E. 17th Ave., Columbus. Admission is $8. Information: dispatchevents.com., A metal plate on the rim marks the spot but it is not an attempt to retrofit. "That's mainly there so people don't put their arms in and get stuck," says Hellweg, who hasn't sat here or anywhere else in the stadium, though she grew up in Orinda and is the daughter of a physics professor at Cal., Morones said that, using a conservative estimate on investment returns, the Scouts should earn at least $32 million a year, meaning it would take the organization only 91 months to pay the full $25 million requested in punitive damages., Acta told the pitchers of his decision Thursday., But I believe the best bet for the hot months is adding new interesting wines to the traditional lineup., 11855 Villa Dorado Dr, $57,750, The culture war lives on, and will until the sexual counterrevolution ends., NEW YORK -- Bank of America is closing down one of its mortgage units., Where can I get an apple, I asked?, Boston can close out the Hawks with a victory in Game 5 on Tuesday night in Atlanta. Game 6 would be in Boston in Thursday, if necessary., <U+0095>major depressive disorder -- when teens are sad, depressed, angry or lose interest in activities they once enjoyed for at least two weeks., That expected failure injects a greater uncertainty into the nation's political and economic landscape heading into a volatile election year. It will likely inflame a public ..., One person with Georgia roots, though, remains more optimistic about Mr. Cain's chances. In an interview with CBS News, Mr. Gingrich—who himself has acknowledged committing adultery in the past—said Mr. Cain could still rebound., An even more recent addition to the Istanbul scene is the Sabanci Museum. I was hard put to decide which was the more impressive, the stunning location on a hilltop overlooking the Bosphorus Straits or the impressive collection donated by the Sabanci family, last owners of the mansion. That collection includes paintings, sculpture and an Ottoman calligraphy exhibit that spans five centuries., Assembly Democrats spokesman Tom Hester Jr. said the Democrats' budget last year would have used the millionaire's tax to fully fund schools were it not for Christie's veto., That house for sale on River Road might be viewed a little differently now by prospective homebuyers., In 2001, just days after 9/11, Kobach got a job as chief adviser on immigration law and border security to John Ashcroft, who was in his first year as U.S. attorney general. Kobach oversaw Department of Justice efforts to tighten border security, including the design and implementation of a system that requires foreign nationals from certain nations to register with a program that tracks their movements in and out of the U.S., "Hey, I'm 87," said Donovan. "I'll take anything that comes my way.", But Gerry and I love the boat and our 9-year-old son Gerald can't get enough of it. So instead of letting the boat sit idle this summer, we decided to look for ways to save on fuel costs whenever possible., In eight schools, more than 50 percent of the teachers were reassigned in an effort to improve student learning. Partly as a result, 26 of the district's 1,900 teachers didn't have job assignments. The leftover teachers were certified for positions for which the district didn't have openings., "There were a lot of things that happened we got every good break," Whitt said., "I want to be maximized every game," Roy said. "That's a position that I'm strong with, with the basketball, and I'm extremely confident with it.", Last June, the driver of an SUV lost control, hit a divider, careened through two lanes of traffic and fell 20 feet over a guardrail, landing on a pickup truck., Alexis Robbers had two goals and two assists to lead Orchard Farm to a 5-2 victory over visiting BaratAcademy Monday. Other key offensive contributors for Orchard Farm were Brooke Burckhardt (two goals) and Kyleigha Wacker (one goal). Hannah Dwigginssaved three of five shots she faced to earn the victory in goal for Orchard Farm., While no favorite has emerged yet from the group, this year's class features eight horses of the 13 that started the Breeders' Cup Juvenile in November here with a ninth, Optimizer, who will make the field if one of the 20 drop out., Seemingly out of nowhere on March 22, the share price for the ETN went into a free fall, losing 29% on its way down to $10.20. That evening, Credit Suisse announced it would issue new shares of the ETN on a limited basis, raising eyebrows among traders who wondered if word of the move leaked out. Over the next two days it would fall further, closing at $5.88 on March 26, before rebounding slightly to $7.20 on Wednesday., 13369, Dennis Miller, Salem, 5:11:54., But at the FBI and other federal agencies, he said: "Our position remains the same... they're terrorists.", But let's take another look at those "regular fees.", "We are definitely reaching out to the city of Solon and other industries, and even competitors, for any job opportunities," he said., NJ Transit replied in a statement Tuesday: "At this time, we are reviewing the request, and are assessing our options. NJ Transit does not agree that the issues are as clear cut as portrayed in the FTA letter.", What: Northeast Ohio Chapter of the United States Green Building Council workshop, "Building Design and Construction: The LEED Implementation Process", "Clinically, what you do with that, I'm not quite sure," he added., "We got a little bit of chemistry, him and I," Pietrangelo said. "I just know I've got to throw it in his area and he's going to find a way to put in there.", "The pursuit is not the issue here, it's the shots fired," Doyle said., (05-01) 20:58 PDT ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) --, Most schools, including eight of every 10 middle schools, are stuck in the broad middle range, turning in a "satisfactory" performance, the report cards say., The ash cloud, drifting between 20,000 to 30,000 feet (6,000 to 9,000 meters) high and invisible from the ground, initially blocked the main air flight path between the U.S. east coast and Europe. On Friday, the cloud's trajectory was taking it over northern France and Austria and into eastern and central Russia at about 25 mph (40 kph)., The Rams should be able to locate solutions. Sure, it would be nice to find a few gold nuggets, but at this point I'd be OK with solid, dependable competence in the Rams' war room., The progress so far: A customer survey is complete, and the results will be released soon. The heart association has three proposals to oversee the project and is expecting several more., “It sucks, honestly for him, first of all,” James said. “We all know he’s a guy who’s pretty much been durable throughout his NBA career so far, and there for the Magic or our team. He’s a big part of our team in the Olympics, and I hate to lose him because of an injury. I wish him the best and hope he gets back to full strength.”, Johnston replaces Tom Myslinski, who was not retained after one season on Eric Mangini's staff., The Magic received gritty performances up and down their lineup., “25 to 30 percent of kids in America are overweight or obese,” said Phil Wu, a doctor with Kaiser Permanente, which is sponsoring the film's promotion. To Wu, promoting healthy food is preemptive care. “It’s more efficient to prevent obesity than to treat it once it’s there. The more fresh fruits and vegetables you eat, the better. The less sugar-sweetened beverages you drink, the better. The more low fat milk, the better.”, Fox's tentative plans are to premiere the U.S. version of "X Factor" in fall 2011 when "American Idol" is on hiatus. Being home to both "Idol," still the country's most-watched show among the coveted adults 18-to-49 demographic, and "X Factor" could be a huge boon to Fox. The U.S. "X Factor" will be produced by FremantleMedia and Syco, Cowell's production company., The juvenile was in another vehicle that was leaving the parking lot and was also hit by bullets. Police do not believe the juvenile knew the suspect., We live and do business in the information age, but the last major reorganization of the government happened in the age of black and white TV. There are twelve different agencies that deal with exports. There are at least five different entities that deal with housing policy. Then there’s my favorite example: the Interior Department is in charge of salmon while they’re in fresh water, but the Commerce Department handles them in when they’re in saltwater. And I hear it gets even more complicated once they’re smoked., Denver may get the bulk of culinary accolades for its restaurant scene, but Aurora is crammed with foodie finds as well., George Washington's farewell address says, "Of all the dispositions and traits which lead to political prosperity, religion and morality are indispensable supports. . . . Whatever may be conceded to the influence of refined education . . . reason and experience both forbid us to expect that a national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle.", "You can talk all you want to," Simpson said. "But if you don't prove it, it really doesn't mean a hill of beans.", How big should Schlafly be?, Oakland modeled designs for the proposed Coliseum City entertainment and sports center to replace the Coliseum complex on AEG's L.A. Live entertainment district., If your filling recipe calls for a pre-baked shell, line the pastry with a piece of aluminum foil, shiny-side down. Fill with dried beans, rice or pie weights. Bake in a preheated 425 oven for 15 minutes; remove the foil and beans. Return the pie shell to the oven and bake 10-15 minutes longer, rotating the pan a couple of times, until evenly browned., A few players stood out at this age group:, Jones and fellow West Linn CCAB member Jim Mattis suggested the budget vote be delayed until after West Linn decides on its future with WFMC. Phil Bransom, the third West Linn board representative, was not present during last week’s CCAB meeting., The Portland Timbers defender isn't ready to retire quite yet, but he can see the end approaching. And he already has begun a career that could allow him to remain with the Timbers and stay involved with the game he loves., Groups representing teachers, principals and superintendents say they're concerned about a proposal that could double the number of standardized tests issued in public schools, including 10 more exams at the high school level in such courses as chemistry and physics. They don't like a recommendation to report the percentage of each high school's graduates who earn college degrees within three or six years, particularly if it means school administrators have to do the tracking., Federal regulators say the product, which has been used for years and is known in the industry as "lean, finely textured beef," meets food safety standards. But critics call the product an unappetizing example of industrialized food production., Despite the rising STD levels across Minnesota, the black-white STD gap is slowly decreasing. The African-American rate of gonorrhea infection has decreased by more than 45 percent since 2008. Similarly, chlamydia rates decreased by 16 percent over that period., Since he was last seen here, Bartoli has moved through six states, Europe and Central and South America. He has lived in Peru since late 2000, and the federal government has known it since at least 2001, according to federal court documents, documents from Peruvian financial authorities, interviews and correspondence obtained by The Plain Dealer., The following day I went to the doctor and he told me to give it a couple of days regarding the contamination factor. The whole weekend felt shot, but I came home and tried to relax., Lerner, who has a private practice in Lawrence, Kan., says overcoming a "listening deficit disorder" should be a top priority for maintaining a healthy relationship., From Parkway West High: Keerthi Bandi, Will Gant, Andrew Kuehnle, Kimberly Lister, Adam Manders and James Wang., However, as the fiscal compact isn't an EU treaty, the agreement can't be nullified by one nation; it requires ratification by just 12 of the euro zone's 17 members to enter into force., Now, just days before a signing day that promised to deliver the best haul in Rutgers history, he’s gone. His own recruiters were out doing their jobs today, building an unprecedented pipeline in Pennsylvania thanks in part to the Penn State scandal. They were as stunned as anyone that their head coach was shopping himself to one of the NFL’s worst franchises., Friends and neighbors of the Balck family in Ladera Ranch are also organizing a May 7 golf tournament and banquet to raise $50,000 to Brooke's Big Heart, the OneLegacy organization and the Balck family to help with its mounting medical bills. Tickets for $50 are still on sale for the banquet, which includes a cocktail hour, live music, banquet dinner and silent auction. Sign up at brookesbigheart.com/golf., Obama kicked off his speech by noting that "last year at this time, this very weekend, we finally delivered justice to one of the world's most notorious individuals," a setup that had the audience expecting a mention by Obama about Osama Bin Laden., Naturally, we embraced the early season, taking long walks, puttering around the yard and maybe even pondering global warming a bit after a nearly nonexistent winter in which it snowed only a handful of times., Personal story: "Sophomore year during a soccer game, I fell and found out that I had torn my labrum in my shoulder. I would have to have surgery. After having six anchors put in my shoulder and months of rehab, it came time for softball season again. I was not yet able to throw; I even tried to switch to throw left-handed, but it didn't work. So I was the designated hitter for the season and cheerleader while my team was on defense. Our team ended up winning districts and going on to take the state championship. I was able to end the season with a .340 batting average and have the game-winning RBI squeeze bunt in the state championship game.", Josh Reddick hit a one-out single in the 14th, then Cespedes delivered his fifth homer of the season against Hector Santiago (0-1) after Chicago took the lead in the top half of the 14th. Ka'aihue came through with the big hit in a game that lasted 3 hours, 56 minutes., "Who is that?" she'll ask., High gas prices and unemployment have squeezed household budgets this spring. Many Americans are cutting back on purchases of cars, furniture, appliances and electronics. Consumer spending is closely watched because it accounts for 70 percent of economic activity., Spain has already made sharp cuts to its national spending and introduced several reforms under the former Socialist government, but the economy has failed to respond., Former Broncos safety John Lynch has been where Peyton Manning is — in the free-agent market having had neck surgery performed by noted back and spine specialist Dr. Robert Watkins, whose list of patients is an NFL who's who., The Senate Budget Committee approved the plan this afternoon. It now moves on to the full Senate and Assembly Budget Committee on Monday., Neal Moritz, film producer, "She really helped raise all of her grandchildren and was a very big part of all our lives," said her granddaughter, Brianna Serr, speaking by phone from the Country Store., "People have short memories," Agarwal said. "The bad experiences last longer.", "The plan is to get them engaged in best practices, and understanding that there are some other concerns out there," Brochin said., Emanuel, who formerly headed the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee as a North Side congressman, had backed Duckworth's unsuccessful 2006 bid for Congress against Republican U.S. Rep. Peter Roskam., The ballet tells a Greek myth in which Daphnis and Chloe fall in love, before she is kidnapped by pirates. She is rescued by the god Pan and reunited with Daphnis to general rejoicing. The Minnesota Orchestra provided surtitles that laid out the plot and allowed the audience to follow the action., Boulder 34, Loveland 15, With 88,464 residents, Hamilton ranked 9th among New Jersey towns in the 2010 census. That marks a slight increase from the 87,109 residents counted in the 2000 census., PET-A-PET, Quiles said she is still cautiously optimistic, though. When the deadline hits, the board of trustees will schedule a meeting and Nazareth’s fate will go to a vote. Quiles says she’s been working arm in arm with the board to make this happen. She has been touched by all the support, including the daughter of a teacher who donated $150 from her babysitting money to help Nazareth., Rush created an iconic image - hooded and in sunglasses - in the well of the House. A minister, he said the well to him represents an "altar" for "the American people.", ANN ARBOR, Mich.<U+0097> About one out of every five U.S. households owe more on credit cards, medical bills, student loans and other debt than they have in savings and other liquid assets, according to a University of Michigan report out this morning., By the time the paper publishes its endorsement for the Republican presidential candidate sometime over the next week, the editorial board will have made recommendations in about 40 primary contests and issues and in 21 school money issues for the March 6 primary., Apple Custard Cream Pie, There are obvious reasons to criticize the Dolans and the Indians: drafting, talent evaluation, drafting, player development in some cases and -- most of all -- drafting. Beating the owners-are-too-cheap drum is an oversimplification in a sport without a salary cap and in a city struggling in a tough economy., Lawrence W. Stranghoener and his wife, Lynn, paid cash for a six-bedroom, seven-bath, 6,331-square-foot home in the gated Sonoran Crest community in Scottsdale. Lawrence Stranghoener is executive vice president and chief financial officer for the Mosaic Co., a producer and marketer of concentrated phosphate and potash crop nutrients for the agriculture industry in Plymouth, Minn., The North boys have had a tough start to the season, and East’s Jalen Love added to that early misery on Tuesday as he knocked down a game-winning shot as time expired to put the Aces past North 50-48. Love led the Aces with 15 points on the night. Conner Frankamp did what he could for the Redskins with 25 points., The stark reality of politics is that there is no such thing anymore as a solo candidate. Every candidate has a family. The higher the office, the more intrusive the scrutiny into the personal lives of those who love them, and Palin invited this the moment she trotted out her brood to a cheering crowd in Dayton last week. She introduced all the children who were present and bragged about being a "hockey mom." Clearly, she was telegraphing that, first and foremost, she is a mother., Instructions: Cover potatoes with cold water and add a generous pinch of salt. Slowly bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer until potatoes are fork tender but still hold their shape, about 20-25 minutes. Drain and cool, then toss with the celery, red onions and scallions., The authenticity of the videos could not be confirmed., Ford vehicles will also have the Sync in-car connectivity system., As America's gas supply grows this summer, the industry will be looking for ways to push levels back down and prices back up. Major natural gas producers such as Chesapeake Energy Corp. and ConocoPhillips already have slowed down the flow of gas from their fields. Storage owners and pipeline operators also are expected to accept fewer shipments as they run out of room. And utilities likely will increase their use of natural gas to run power generators, accelerating a shift away from coal power that is building steam., The best give I ever gave was to my cousin. It was the best gift ever because it was homemade and came from the heart. She loved it so much!, "This is an old Communist tradition, presenting a gift to the nation in the form of high technology," said Sima Nan, a pro-North Korea scholar in Beijing who was planning to visit Pyongyang for the launch. "It is natural that North Korea wants to demonstrate their capabilities and increase their bargaining power with the United States.", Members of crab boat owners associations in San Francisco, Bodega Bay and Half Moon Bay had voted Saturday to delay their season until after Dec. 1, when they hope test results of the health of local Dungeness will be available., Broxton wound up earning his fifth save and Kansas City snapped a 10-game home losing streak., Simmons made clear the two egregious cases I detailed last week were spot on, especially the towing of Chris Vetter's '98 Ford Taurus last December., Melissa Leo stars in "Francine," screening May 5 at 7:30 p.m. Its directors, Brian M. Cassidy and Melanie Shatzky, tell a dramatically grim story about a woman recently released from prison., "I think we ended up outshooting them. We gained a lot of zone time. We just didn't get the puck to the net enough, and their goaltending played well. It came out right.", A Top Tips sidebar accompanies each section as well, giving 10 quick hits on the subject. For example, in talking about patterns, one of the tips is a reminder of the well-established rule: "There must be contrast and compatibility between patterns, for example, a different pattern, but with a shared color.", Three retirees who drove two miles to meet at the diner for lunch said even their trip was difficult., A west-side police precinct building was closed for about three hours Wednesday after an officer opened a piece of mail containing a powdery substance., Is there any surprise with the vast number of concussions? Last week, we investigated the effects of a concussion. This is about protecting the head., Flight 1184 arrived at Sky Harbor but did not dock at the terminal, Dillon said. All passengers and bags aboard the Boeing 737 aircraft were re-screened., The law says a teacher must obtain "full state certification" to be highly qualified. But regulations adopted by the Bush administration in 2002, and California in 2004, allowed noncredentialed interns to be considered highly qualified if they were in state-approved training programs and were making progress toward certification., "That was the first time I've ever really gone into the studio," Lexi said. "It was almost surreal, like, putting the headphones on and having a $14,000 mike in front of you, and you're, like, 'Omigosh! Omigosh! How am I going to do this?' ", 3. Using a round 2-inch cookie cutter, cut 4 rounds from each slice of bread., However, Suleman places some of the blame on her doctor, Michael Kamrava, who acknowledged implanting 12 embryos into her before the eight-baby pregnancy – six times the norm for a woman her age, according to a report from the California Medical Board., Lenzi won two NCAA diving championships, 18 international competitions and was twice named America's diver of the year. He spent 2009-11 as the diving coach at East Carolina., "We follow all state laws. As the state goes along making laws having to do with the pensions because of the economy, we will abide by those laws, obviously," Groves said. "We feel the mission we are helping accomplish is a laudable mission. … I would hate to be the one to tell the Special Olympics we can't assist them in their mission anymore.", Referring to the independent investigation, which is also focusing on whether the officers violated department policy, Huelsman said, "We feel that things will go well for everybody.", JoAnn Brendel, a Saddle Brook woman who has survived uterine and colon cancer, said the reforms will protect her from maxing out her insurance coverage, which is currently $1 million., "It is ‘fair and open’ in name only," Boxer said. "They are regulating themselves.", Works by Haydn, Brad Mehldau, Brahms, Stravinsky, More Details: More goods and goodies, Is this someone I can trust? What's his relationship record? If I go with this person, will my heart - and wallet - be happy?, Harris' first interception Saturday came against Rob Henry, who rolled out of the pocket and threw toward the sideline, but a diving Harris secured the ball. He picked off walk-on quarterback Austin Parker's pass for his second interception., This is particularly critical as food makers face tougher competition for shelf space inside grocery stores, says Adamson., Adding to Sharpe’s daily challenges, he was recently diagnosed with prostate cancer, said his sister, Laurie Sharpe of Willingboro. Despite the devastating accident and the recent diagnosis, "Ronnie" has remained "jovial," she said., The revised draft budget will now require final approval by the General Assembly this week and, ultimately, Gov. Jay Nixon's signature., Figoski and his partner were providing backup to two officers questioning a victim and two suspects in a Brooklyn apartment robbery investigation when an alleged gunman later identified as Lamont Pride and another man tried to flee, police said., "You can't fully repeal and replace this law until you have a new president and a better Senate. And that's probably in 2013, but that's before the law fully kicks in, in 2014," Ryan said., Survivors include his wife of 55 years, Elizabeth "Betty" Mulvaney of Florissant; four daughters, Sharon Topliff of Springfield, Mo., Pam Meyer of Florissant, Kelly Stufflebean of Kansas City and Jane Lorhan of Maryland Heights; two sons, James Mulvaney of Mount Vernon, Ill., and Patrick Mulvaney of Lake Saint Louis; 16 grandchildren and one great-granddaughter., Urth Caffé's gazpacho, 114 Halsey St., Newark; (973) 624-7322; queenpizzanewark.com, Manning was the one who made it happen., “Regionals is like anything else, there’s nothing guaranteed,’’ said Chaplin. “We’ve been doing a fabulous job of training for this, but we’re on Auburn’s home court and we know it’s always a fight when you get into the post-season. You’ve got to come ready to compete.’’, Gov.Martin O'Malley's effort to cut back on tax loopholes is a necessary step to reduce the state's income tax, and eliminating the mortgage interest income tax deduction is a good place to start ("Realtors to rally against proposed change affecting Md. mortgage interest deduction," Feb 28). While supporters of the deduction say it is an incentive to homeownership and crucial to maintain the housing market, the deduction has done very little to increase homeownership rates and is an unnecessary government subsidy of the housing market., gold were limited., Moscoso's résumé works in his favor. He started 21 games last season for Oakland, so he won't be evaluated solely on spring training. Chatwood received a baptism by blowtorch last season with the Angels. If Rockies players were asked to pick the last starter, they'd go with Chatwood because his stuff is electric. But that also could translate into a power arm in the bullpen., But the reporting also shows Cerf can be thin-skinned, quick-tempered and, at times, less than forthcoming, even when the answers to questions could hardly be seen as damaging. Late last month, when The Star-Ledger found that Cerf had formed a consulting company that received a $500,000 contract, paid for by private donations, to perform an assessment of the Newark schools, the acting commissioner said he severed his relationship with the firm "literally right after its formation.", -And in the end, benefits reform was achieved., So why haven't you seen "Brokeback Mountain" yet? The "Brokeback Mountain" phenomenon has become as unavoidable as a military recruiter at a continuation school. You can't turn on the television without seeing a gay cowboy, every theater seems to be playing the picture and each day seems to bring a new shopping cart full of awards for the movie -- including eight Oscar nominations this week. It's hard to find a straight man who has seen the movie and regrets it., A motorist on Little Mack stopped to help the clerk shortly before 11 p.m. and the suspect left the area., "The big thing is it's about providing convenience to our customers," he said. If a person can do his banking and his grocery shopping in one stop, that's a plus, he said., "Dogs in the Dead of Night", 4. "Glee": This hasn't been a humdinger season of "Glee," but recent weeks have been at least a step in the right direction -- back to the central cast, and refreshingly free of distracting guest stars. The finale is next week, but tonight the McKinley High gang reportedly deal with the death of .... somebody. Oh, and Jessie St. James is still around, now acting as a show choir consultant, much to the consternation of Finn (Cory Monteith). Who dies? Cast members have been talking about the episode, saying things like, "It affects everyone, everybody in the cast" (that was Jenna Ushkowitz saying that, BTW). It's on at 8 p.m., on KPTV., The yummy burgers taste like something out of "Happy Days." The stools and counter are straight outta some Norman Rockwell painting. And the wood on the bowling machine has been sanded down by thousands of rolled balls., As the Judiciary Committee was approving the road rage bill, the Assembly Transportation and Public Works Committee approved a four-bill package designed to improve teen driver safety., How does one respond to such an email? Also, have you ever heard of a bride even doing such a thing?, “Certain groups lose the cardioprotective effect of alcohol when drinking in a binge pattern,” Annie Britton, an epidemiologist at University College London, who wrote an accompanying editorial, said in a telephone interview yesterday., Sorkin and the other filmmakers are clearly aware that Mezrich's book has become something of a liability for the film and are now distancing themselves from the work. "I know this is how Facebook is pushing back against the movie," said Sorkin. "Nothing in the movie has been invented for the sake of Hollywood-izing it or sensationalizing.", Bears, www.bearspop.com, "People are being arrested. There's other people who helped Mr. Chen get to the American embassy. We've got to focus a lot of attention on them, as well. But first priority is to get him out of there and to the United States," McCain said. He made his comments on ABC's "This Week.", The next morning, Jane has no recollection of the LSD break-up, until Roger reminds her what she revealed. "It's going to be very expensive," Jane tells him. Better sell more copies of "Sterling's Gold.", "I think the state Legislature and the governor were supportive of a tax increase under those conditions," he said. "And I think before the due date comes to eliminate that, it needs to be strongly looked at to find out where the additional revenues went.", Fisher said he's thrilled to join the Chicago-based organization because it is focused on helping cities to thrive and to improve opportunity, talent and leadership., Freelance columnist John Andrews (andrewsjk@aol.com) is director of the Centennial Institute at Colorado Christian University and author of "Responsibility Reborn: A Citizen's Guide to the Next American Century" (MT6 Media, June 2011)., Most of us have heard of the placebo effect, that somewhat magical ability of the mind to heal the body in the absence of real medical treatment. Like me, you may have assumed that this ability depends on deception; belief in a cure can be powerful medicine., Even 10 years after the civil war ended, the country still experiences attacks by the North Africa branch of al-Qaida in a mountainous region east of the capital. There were reports of a few isolated attacks during elections, but no fatalities, on election day., Despite that costly effort, which is still generating legal bills, the union narrowly won a representation vote last fall among the 66 paid paramedics and EMTs who work for the association., But should Obama be linked to the Lorain plant's demise?, "The thing that strikes me in these three cases is the innocence of the victims involved," St. Louis Circuit Attorney Jennifer Joyce said., The MelloMacs: The service choir of Multnomah Athletic Club seeks bass singers. Call Tracy, 503-475-6080., Scott was tried again last week in Superior Court last week, and a jury delivered the verdict after three hours of deliberation, according to the prosecutor., Wears: No. 28., "Mens serving womens?" he'd say., That's because of a recent uptick in the market for tech stocks, particularly for Internet businesses, pushing venture capitalists to make some risky bets again. And it's also because new Web software tools are making it easy and cheap for novices to launch businesses., oBut it was the title track, a vengeful number about a father-daughter relationship that plays out like a cross between Underwood's biggest hit, Before He Cheats, and Martina McBride's Independence Day, that helped Underwood find her direction for her fourth album., At the apartment complex where the shooting occurred, residents were stunned Wednesday that no one noticed the boy's body until the next morning. Tammy Piazza said she heard two shots, then four more Sunday night about 10. "Honey, somebody's shooting out there!" she told her husband., "Though the flavors will constantly change, we hope to build on trust and consistency. The coffee won't be the same one you tasted the week before -- but it will be amazing in a different way every time.", <U+0095> Early pilot demonstrations, and, There are beautiful poetic passages (from Shakespeare) as Barrymore had a great triumph with "Hamlet," which even the competitive Laurence Olivier praised. There also are so many one-liners you'd think you were in a vaudeville review. Of one of his four wives Barrymore remarks, "We were quite happy for 20 years <U+0096> then we met.", In my head, I felt a battle between my skeptical inner journalist and my own will to be open and listen to this guy’s words., "It rings me up every morning at 10 am, and there I am, on my machine measuring myself, and if I have gained weight, it asks me additional questions. I say it is like having your own nurse come into your house every day." said the Naples, Fla., resident., Krauss reminds us that we exist in an indifferent universe and that thinking we are at all important in the overall cosmological scheme of things constitutes pure hubris., John Hunter*, "I loved the Coach & Horses and so did Sean. I had a drink in here when I was in high school," says Meisler. "I love the neighborhood and I love the history.", For three years, Point Center Financial of California and Phoenix foreclosure speculator Tom Peltier have been fighting in court over ownership., Bills for non-smartphone subscribers on contract-based plans are shrinking at about the same rate. Only by shifting these subscribers to smartphone contracts has AT&T been able to keep its average monthly bill for all contract-based plans rising, by 1.7 percent from a year ago., Afterward, Union was investigated by the city for various matters, including an empty syringe that was found in her cruiser. Other employees who used the cruiser were not interviewed, the suit says., U.S. military officials handed the money to the villagers Saturday during a meeting at the office of Kandahar Gov. Tooryalai Wesa, said Fazal Mohammed Esaqzai, deputy chairman of the Panjwai district council, who was present., 2:30 a.m., But Woerther maintained that a large retail store on the property simply didn't make sense. He noted that although the site sits within the Town Center boundaries, it's not in the center's downtown district., Master Sgt. John Valdez planned to bring up the rear when their helicopter arrived. He would be the last man aboard the last flight out, at what was for him an exhausting and bitter end to the long war - if it arrived before they were captured., "We once again welcome the review and input of the Auditor of state," Triozzi said in an e-mailed statement., Top-ranked Loyola repeated as Maryland Interscholastic Athletic Association A Conference champion and Corbusier led the way. He was undefeated against opposing area runners this fall — losing only to teammate and fellow All-Metro pick Michael Wegner a few times — and he came up big in the key races., "I believe we're going to send (Leavitt) a message this November," Madore said., RB D.J. Ware figures to not come back as quickly as Ross after also suffering a concussion on Sunday. Ware was wobbly after attempting a cut block on the Falcons’ John Abraham in the third quarter. It appeared Abraham’s knee might have collided with Ware’s helmet., Parents will need to decide for themselves when it's time to rid their homes of superfluous sweets, Parks says, but after a week or so, "it's probably reasonable to start putting it away.", "Look at it this way," said Rauchway. "The same time is a phenomenal period of immigration from Europe, and there's no Italian exclusion act.", The capsules were all confiscated, but no one has been punished because the amount was deemed small and they weren't intended for sale, said the customs official, who requested anonymity, citing department rules., "See, look back here, I predicted the race would end up like this and now look at the polls," he'd say, grinning and tapping the numbers and scribbles., A check of the Internet showed that 15 copies of the Bolingbroke book remain in existence, mostly in academic libraries. The survival of that many copies of a book that's almost 270 years old shows it was popular at the time. Library records show the society used to have two copies of the Bolingbroke book., Tara Damron, assistant curator of the society's American Indian collection, said finding a definitive answer about Native American heritage can be difficult, not only because of intermarriage, but also because some Native Americans opted not to be put on federal rolls, while others who were not Native American did put their names on rolls to get access to land., Empathy seems to be non-existent. Imagine if the tables were turned and Iraq did to us what we did to them. What if you lost your family and business from Iraq attacking us and pundits from Iraq sat around a table with their lattes and discussed whether it was worth it?, But 2011 marked an amazing comeback for Brown and he was rewarded with two performances during the show. It was the first time he and Rihanna performed at the same event since the attack., “I’m not sure he realized the insensitivity bringing this to Fresh Kills meant to the people of Staten Island,” said Councilman Vincent Ignizio., Customers who ordered the new iPad online directly after it was announced last week at an event in San Francisco were told they would receive it Friday, the first day it will be released. But by the next day, customers buying certain models of the device were told the iPads would arrive March 19. By now, the wait is even longer., Officials discussed the matter at length tonight, but didn’t vote until about 11:45 p.m. because of squabbling over the exact wording of the public question that will be placed on the ballot. The vote was 5-1., Here’s a start: The Department of Sanitation says it will explore putting the work at four marine-transfer stations up for bid by 2014, to save $8 million — cutting 248 union jobs and the union dues those workers pay., Music director Anita Ruth makes the most of the sumptuous score. Particularly admirable is the chorus, singing with enthusiastic verve and precise harmonies., Some economists have said that a mild winter led some companies to accelerate hiring in January and February. That may have weakened March's figures. For many, April's report will serve as more of a bellwether., That was vintage Guillen. A few hours later, he actually could recognize his Marlins. One gets the feeling they won't be in last place for long., In a Thursday briefing, White House press secretary Jay Carney said the administration has "been in numerous consultations with Congress" over the "limited" military action in Libya and that Obama has made it very clear that sending ground troops to Libya is "off the table.", Speculation about Kyl's future had no sooner ended when speculation about who might take his place reached a frenzied pace. Interest is high because Senate seats don't often open up in Arizona. It's happened only three times in the past 40 years, in 1976, 1986 and 1994., At the same time, lawmakers extended the amount of time the unemployed can receive the 65 percent subsidy from 9 months to 15 months., In a database with a lot of numbers, this one jumped out: $55,000. How on earth could a condo at the prestigious Ritz-Carlton Residences – where author Tom Clancy owns a sprawling multimillion-dollar penthouse – have an assessed value that low?, Changing his tune from reviewing work to creating it wasn't all that difficult., First Solar said it expects to earn profits this year of $4 to $4.50 per share, up from the $3.75 to $4.25 per share previously estimated. It is building several power plants, including four massive facilities in California and Arizona., Yes. A draft of minutes is a "public record" under Section, 23. The Seattle Times — 236,929 weekday; 346,589 Sunday (12,402 branded editions)., Gloucester County may have hit some economic speed bumps in the last year with two of the region’s major employers — Sony DADC plant closure and a direct mailing firm with local operations in Logan and Woolwich townships — but there are still signs of business prosperity in the coming months, according to local officials., Brown said he would continue to push for increases in tax revenue and may do so with a ballot measure in November 2012., The winner will receive a Nikon Coolpix camera courtesy of Dodd Camera., County Commissioner Elaine Boyer, who has advocated for deeper cuts, suggested the challenges could have been avoided., United and Continental merged in October 2010 to form United Continental Holdings Inc. The two airlines still operate separately now. Eventually they will be combined into a single airline flying under the United name., "The timing is going to be different," Matheny acknowledges. "You're not going to have as many changes. There's going to be less structure about how to use the bullpen. I'm not saying I've got everything figured out.", But this year, the state reneged on its promise to make us whole, eliminating our RDA and leaving us with a multimillion-dollar gap in our operating budget. We've lost $134 million owed to us over the next 15 years, money we counted on to pay for critical city services -- $6 million this year alone., About 300 mothers and other relatives of missing victims traveled from other states to Mexico City on Thursday to march along the capital's main avenue on Mother's Day. The protesters chanted, "They took them alive, and alive we want them.", Now he's busier and more passionate than ever, practicing what he preaches by continuously implementing industry-leading environmental initiatives at the resort. Along the way, he has become a go-to person for his expertise on wind power and other sustainability issues; he has testified before the state Senate Energy Committee and served on the Governor's Great Lakes Wind Council., "The Nasdaq companies tend to have a higher growth rate than the rest of the market," Lissner said. "As long as they are real companies with real earnings, a price-earnings ratio of 16 is not a bad valuation.", The president spoke during a West Coast swing designed to highlight his vision of making the U.S. more competitive globally. Before the visit, the White House announced that Obama had picked company CEO Paul Otellini, a sometimes critic, to serve on a presidential competitiveness council., "'"Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney also has not committed to debating beyond Michigan. His campaign has made debate commitments on a case-by-case basis depending on how each fits his schedule and strategy., On March 13, 2010, Bement testified, he went to Greenspan's house to pick up $20,000 that Greenspan was supposed to have changed into large bills. With that money and another $6,000 that Bement already had on him, they took Greenspan's rental car to purchase a kilo of heroin for $25,000 in Cornelius, Bement said. All of that money technically belonged to Bement, he said, although he owed Greenspan about $7,200., This story originally appeared in the August 12, 2007 edition of The Kansas City Star, Morley was elected to the township council in 2010, along with Councilmen Chris Del Borrello and Giancarlo D'Orazio., Today, he remembered that as he left Greenhill & Co, at the end of a conversation about the stumbling economy and the country’s struggles, Buckalew, instead, spoke about hope., The student protesters attempted to present McCormick with a toilet plunger as a symbol of the workers who clean Rutgers’ buildings daily and haven’t received a raise. But McCormick refused to accept the plunger., Nancy Hoffelt's family owns the apartment complex, and she remembers when tenants were in short supply just a few years ago. The family made a decision to keep rental rates within reason, especially for seniors., Length of the riots: Three days, On the other hand, the set is decidedly spare. Up until the last scene, it’s filled only with modernist chairs. Music and projections are used with restraint — images sometimes flash on a screen, a suitcase or, most memorably, a character’s back. Four men skillfully play multiple parts, male and female, and often provide welcome pockets of dark humor., The judges, who are experts in law, history, political science and other disciplines, then ask questions that test the students' preparation and often push the conversation in surprising directions., -- Unlike Whitacre, he won't appear in any television commercials. But he'd like to see more humor in the ads, which in the future will emphasize brands and not the parent company., Where do we think the cash will come from for last year's fat wage spikes (11.3 percent over three years) and other perks?, High-volume, low-speed fans are an excellent solution for the many loft owners in the city who have spacious rooms with high ceilings. These can run a couple thousand dollars with simple paybacks in the two-year range. Otherwise, ceiling fans can save homeowners up to 40 percent of their summer electric bill., Shaff doesn't think any of the work has moved substantially ahead of where it would have been. "I don't think we have plucked anything out of 2012-13 and said, 'Let's move this forward because we can,'" he said., “If this is what it takes, then I guess we have to do it. I definitely want to play. I don’t think fans really understand it. We didn’t want this lockout; the owners wanted it. I’m reading that the fans are attacking the players because they think we are not working with the owners, but we are. The owners are not working with us.”, In the tape, Julia Hudson appears to realize that her mother may not be the only one in harm’s away., Martinez was convicted last year of committing multiple murders during the commission of a burglary, special circumstances that qualified him for a possible death sentence. But the first penalty phase ended with a jury hung 11-1 in favor of death, setting the stage for second trial this year., Revelations of neglect, theft and other misconduct by guardians and conservators prompted Minnesota lawmakers to strengthen oversight of the unlicensed profession in 2009, but advocates say the system still falls short. While guardians and conservators must register with the courts by 2013, they are not required to pass any tests or possess any specialized skills. Applicants are required to submit to a criminal background check, but court officials don't have to determine whether applicants have been disciplined for misconduct by a state licensing board., He said Cowell became "incensed" by the "created by Simon Fuller" credit on "Pop Idol" and "American Idol," and vowed to create his own rival show., German drivers bought one of every four Volkswagens, but drivers in South America and Asia bought slightly more. Sales to India doubled. And VW stock has a 2.4 percent dividend yield., singing and audience participation will be provided by the Milwaukie Lutheran Church Adult Choir and Bell Choir; the St. Stephen's Lutheran Church Bell Choir; and the West Linn Lutheran Church Adult Choir. 3 p.m. Sun, April 29. Milwaukie Lutheran Church, 3810 S.E. Lake Road, Milwaukie; free admission, but a donation for the Lutheran church's world relief efforts welcome; Owen James, music director, 503-539-7329 or owenjames101@gmail.com, "I worked every day — every day — since I came here, until I hurt my shoulder," Akvany said. "Then, they fired me.", Full of rich performances and tricky narrative flourishes, the movie caught the attention of critics and studios, too., Despite not repeating as Class 1 champ, Potter was thrilled for Westminster., Traffic is restricted to one lane during construction, and motorists should consider alternate routes., Elimimian was born in Calabar, Nigeria, and moved to Los Angeles when he was young. His father is a retired English professor at Cal Poly. His mother is a social worker who helps people overcome alcohol and drug abuse. There's also a sister and four older brothers, all four of whom earned football scholarships, including Abraham, a cornerback who went to Hawaii and spent time in NFL Europe as well as stints with the Bears and Chargers., The blaze melted the siding of two nearby homes and plastic and paint on cars. The intense flames also prevented firefighters from entering, said Johnson. It took firefighters from several towns three hours to extinguish the flames. Video of the fire showed the home being nearly entirely consumed by a fireball., Bullying is nothing new., "I don't know what's going on in Washington. Does anyone understand it?" Glenn asked. "They think you can impose these expensive regulatory burdens and companies are going to flourish?", Kirby said he made the sculpture in three parts jutting upward to represent the three communities in the area. The red in the sculpture symbolizes the buoys in the channel of the river. The interlocking pieces symbolize the nearby Lock and Dam Number 27, the southernmost in the river., But somehow, it still seems that Detroit's recovery is happening on two tracks: one where devoted private companies invest in the city and a second where a struggling mayor, mostly unsuccessfully, tries to keep the city from imploding., The tip led investigators to driver's licenses under that name in Colorado and North Carolina. From there, Durkin said, investigators tracked down Krasev's real name on the East Coast. He declined to be more specific., The USDA argued that one-eighth of a cup of tomato paste, spread on pizza, should not count as a half-cup of vegetables. Congress rejected the USDA's attempt to tighten nutritional standards., But rather than organize the show to illuminate the history of collecting Rembrandt in America, the Cleveland museum has staged it as a tutorial in connoisseurship, the art of close looking., The Ducks have been cautious throughout the regular season, one reason they have slipped in the USTFCCCA computer calculations., Gray was the first defendant to go to trial and took the stand. He admitted participating in the rape of the sisters but said he left the bridge before Clemons and the others threw the sisters into the river., March said he found another man who had sold 131 of them to the same yard., And maybe, on most nights, we should. But when a team expected to contend for the World Series struggles to score, any sign suggesting a breakout is the bigger development., No major changes to the team are expected immediately. The Dodgers' executive departures Tuesday included McCourt and two of his closest lieutenants, vice chairman Jeff Ingram and senior vice president Howard Sunkin., He signed a two-year deal worth $500,000 a year with a chance for bonuses., The Sneak isn't the first race of the year on the Denver running scene, but it long ago came to mark the unofficial beginning of the road racing season., She said she spotted the bags by the curb by the side of her house on Thursday morning. When the normal garbage pick-up was suspended for Good Friday, Thomas-Garretson said she had planned to wait for Tuesday trash pick-up, but the flies were intense., For many years, Garbani searched for Native American artifacts within a hundred-mile radius of the San Jacinto Valley., Mention wine pairing and we Americans become a fretful bunch. Add up the sum total of all Thanksgiving wine advice offered since the beginning of time and what's the result? Null. Zinfandel is either the perfect Thanksgiving pick or a sure way to obliterate the meal. Sweet wines, yes, except when dry wines are all that. Beaujolais' dulcet tones are a fruity wonder, except that Nouveau is more about a convenient collision of timing than gastronomic virtue., The sector, however, won’t be able to keep up with its continued rate of growth, said Meckstroth, who predicted that expansion will continue at a slower speed for the rest of 2012., "It's educational," says Luther. "They show how winemaking changes the expression of the vineyard. All express the grapes, but each has a different accentuation.", Popular federal grants include Pell Grant (currently to a maximum of $5,550), Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant ($100 and $4,000 a year), Academic Competitiveness Grant ($750 for the first year of study and $1,300 for the second year), and the National SMART Grant (Science and Mathematics Access to Retain Talent Grant). The Pell Grant is the starting place for federal aid. If a student does not apply and qualify for a Pell, he or she is not eligible for the FSEOG, AC Grant or SMART grant., Passing — Limon, Brown 14-34-219; Akron, Ja. Reid 6-7- 79, Jefferson 1-1-25., Solar company executives who strove for low prices to compete with conventional power sources find their dreams coming true too fast, just as reduced government incentives in Europe cut demand in their biggest market., The U.S. shot putters, given a chance to sweep the medals, struggled mightily Friday night at National Stadium., Ciarelli and Christenson have helped the Trojans win 17 consecutive matches. Top-seeded USC (22-4 overall) plays Cal State Northridge (12-17) in the MPSF quarterfinals on Saturday at the Galen Center. USC will host the semifinals April 26 and the April 28 final if it defeats Northridge., "I was excited to get playing and maybe pushed too hard," he said. "I think that happens. The more you play, the more you learn.", Because of a mandatory evacuation of Cape May County, 80 inmates from the jail there were being housed in the Salem County Correctional Facility in Mannington., Well, as you know, big Jim did get into this extra-inning classic. When he came to bat in the bottom of the 12th inning, we just looked at each other as if to say, this is it, the moment we had been waiting for., There is no doubt in her mind that her husband made the right choice. “I see Frank in front of me and know we made the right decision.” As for the floragraph, a memorial portrait of her son, “It’s like the float is here.”, Carlisle and the Mavericks were frustrated long before that., He has been battling the perception he's out of touch with regular Americans., Golding said of Carpenter, "my heart aches for that mom. I hugged my daughter and said, 'Thank goodness you are still here.' ", Four years ago, Obama's campaign used novel approaches to expand the pool of voters, including registration drives at barbershops and beauty salons in African-American neighborhoods. The campaign plans to expand those efforts, setting up voter registration outposts in those settings., Authorities said Mayes has changed his appearance since the mother and children were reported missing. They released surveillance video of him with short hair at a market near Guntown., These dilemmas aren't concepts on display. They are something more like humidity. They throb and fester., That’s the sort of spunk that movement conservatives want and need to see and hear — and more than just from Palin, who’s now more a celebrity than a politician. Someone needs to pick up her combative mantle and take the fight directly to Obama and the Democrats., Player's comment: "It was a relief when (this season's final) was over. It really taught me that anything was possible no matter the division you are in. I'm a good goalkeeper, but I have a lot more to accomplish.", Allentown 0, It should be gone by September., The current situation is not good for Lucas, and it's not good for the city., Rates of autism in both Newark and Essex County are lower than neighboring communities and lower than the state average, according to a 2007 report from the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services. Adubato, however, believes there is an explanation., "Have to shampoo it and condition it," he said. "I have to pick the food out of there. It gets snagged on my football helmet. I've had (opponents) reach in there and pull on it. But it's held up well.", Stravinsky: Concerto in D., 2-10 p.m. Saturday, Bookies Bar & Grille, 2208 Cass, Detroit. 313-962-0319. Free., Grenadine, Guillen's persona is animated by volatility, spontaneity and, in some critical instances, an inability to self-edit., Derek Brown has been indicted five times on felony charges of disrupting public service; Graig, three times. They also have been charged with burglary and aggravated theft., The 2012-13 calendar issued by school officials is available below in JPEG format. Click on "View full size" for a large-size image of the calendar., He also wrote a number of books, including "Amarillo Slim's Play Poker to Win" and "Amarillo Slim in a World Full of Fat People: The Memoirs of the Greatest Gambler Who Ever Lived.", Manning threw a 72-yard touchdown pass to Reggie Wayne in the third quarter to give the Colts a 17-14 lead through three periods., ATLANTIC CITY — Word that Revel Entertainment got the final $1.15 billion needed to complete its half-finished casino is welcome news for Atlantic City's casino industry, which has been suffering for four years., "You come in and put your work in and just try to keep everything in control and in perspective," Roberts said. "That's it. Everything else you can't really control.", "It's 1,100 lumens and gives 25,000 hours of light," Steele said. "That's roughly 22.8 years in a typical table lamp., “It’s not new and solely unique to African-American women — it’s just that more African-American women tend to get it,” says Joseph., Obama told the AP without doubt: "We will raise the debt limit. We always have. We will do it again.", "We're going through a major restructuring of labor relations in the airline industry," said Gary Chaison, a professor of industrial relations at Clark University in Massachusetts., Racine understood the community, St. Pierre said, and “really was a traditional and elegant police officer.”, The elevation of the avalanche wasn't immediately clear., The re-signing of Kiwanuka figured to be bad news for Osi Umenyiora in his quest for a new contract. If Kiwanuka had signed elsewhere, Umenyiora would have had more leverage to demand a renegotiation — not that the Giants would necessarily honor that request. As it stands now, the team has three capable pass rushers in Tuck, Kiwanuka and Jason Pierre-Paul., <U+0093>Quality caregivers who enjoy working with old people and can communicate well are the key to making this business work,<U+0094> Block said., Another bill would address oversight issues by requiring pension boards statewide to report possible fraud to local authorities., If you’re looking for a weekend getaway (and/or Mother’s Day present), we have an idea for you — and you don’t have to drive very far., "I was just doing my job I do every day," said the petite, 52-year-old blonde., She listed her home, 418 Aldeberan Drive, as a drop-off location for any donations of money, food, clothing, toiletry items and anything else the family could use in their time of need. Members of the alliance will also be at the field across from Thomas Jefferson Elementary School to accept donations on Saturday from 12:30 p.m. to 2 p.m., “But nobody’s looking at them. That’s the point,” Robinson countered., Owners of United parent UAL Corp. will hold 55 percent of the combined company, with Continental shareholders owning the rest. Continental shareholders will get 1.05 UAL shares in exchange for each one of theirs., As for Ebert, Belichick admitted he was a player that the Patriots "got on too late." The coach remained confident in the receiver's ability to be productive in New England's system, though., In January, 12-year-old Kade'jah Davis was shot and killed when, allegedly, 19-year-old Joshua Brown showed up at her Detroit house to demand the return of a cellphone from Davis' mother. When Brown didn't get the phone, he fired shots through the front door. No one held high-profile street protests to denounce gunplay over such trifles., The bill now goes to the Assembly Speaker, who decides if and when to post it for a floor vote. A similar bill was introduced in the Senate by Sen. Brian Stack, D-Union City., First, we don’t know the whole story of how or why the video was made or even the context. Second, if those Marines did do what it shows them doing, they brought dishonor on themselves and have unwittingly given aid and comfort to their enemies., A junior, Wilson started only his final season at Virginia Tech, rushing 290 times for a school-record 1,709 yards and nine touchdowns. He also caught 21 passes for 126 yards and one touchdown. He has added value on kick returns, with 59 returns for 1,285 yards and two TDs., The activists said it is fitting that the day Japan stopped nuclear power coincides with Children's Day because of their concerns about protecting children from radiation, which Fukushima Dai-ichi is still spewing into the air and water., Haas has his doubts., This country is known for being the land of opportunity. If we were to stay there, we would have been OK. We wanted more., “We rode it out. It wasn’t that bad,” said Bob Munizza, 50, of Lower Township. “I lost power in my house. I didn’t think it was so bad that would happen.”, Defense attorneys argued that the little girl accidentally drowned in the family swimming pool, and that Anthony panicked and hid the body because of the traumatic effects of being sexually abused by her father., Others scoring for the Lady Bears were the 400 relay team of Devon Albright, Nicole Hudec, Taylor Walsh and Ellyn Hanford (51.41 seconds; second place), the 800 relay team of Kalie Simonelli, Albright, Alliah Simonelli and Walsh (1:52.57; seventh), the 1,600 relay team of Atiyyah Herron, Rachel Blasko, Samantha Narducci and Hanford (4:13.45; fifth), the 3,200 relay team of Allison Harbart, Allison Kall, Blasko and Neczypor (9:49.89; third), the 6,400 relay team of Dana Tomasello, Harbart, Natalie Vidacs and Beverly Vetovitz (22:33.60; second), the 800 sprint medley team of Albright, Simonelli, Nicole Hudec and Hanford (1:53.30; fourth), the distance medley team of Genna Mori, Narducci, Leah Lehotsky and Tomasello (13:13.21; second), the 400 shuttle hurdle team of Hudec, Aubrey Ezell, Hanford and Albright (1:09.50; fourth), Mariana Lopes (5-feet, 2-inches; tied for second), Mary Tout (4-9; tied for eighth) and Samantha Stringer (4-6; tied for 19th) in the high jump relay, Briana Krieger (10-0; fifth) and Amber Knotek (9-0; seventh) in the pole vault relay, Hudec (16-103; third), Narducci (15-43; 12th) and Kreiger (14-83; 18th) in the long jump relay, Anna Glowski (27-5; 26th), Kimberly Potenga (26-11; 29th) and Sarah Marino (26-9; 31st) in the shot put relay, Potenga (87-9; 17th) Maggie McMahon (83-8; 21st) and Glowski (74-5; 33rd) in the discus relay., The bill (A4297), called “Caylee’s Law,” was inspired by the death of Caylee Anthony, a Florida case that made national headlines. Caylee was missing for 31 days before her grandmother reported it. Her mother, Casey, was found not guilty of her murder., Fans in the full house learned late Friday evening Jaheim would not be performing, though some fans seemed to suspect it as the evening wore on. The first clue was the long list of unannounced opening acts added to the bill including R&B group MoTre and comedian St. Louis Slim., Campion said that retired FBI agent John Egelhof of Bemidji will assist Luger. The two are expected to meet with Campion today to discuss the scope and timing of the investigation, which should be completed within several weeks, Campion said., "I suppose the answer to that is yes, your honor," Mauzy said, prompting a round of chuckles., "She was an unbelievable talent on the phone and was a community resource. She was able to make information accessible and instill hope, and at the same time tell them they had a treatable illness," said Dr. Swartz. "She was unusually gifted in being able to inspire hope in those who were suffering. She knew how to make people feel comfortable, and through conversation make them understand that they will get better.", Greensfelder sued on behalf of three district ratepayers who claimed the fees violated the Hancock Amendment, which requires a public vote on new taxes. The case was expanded to a class-action suit covering the district's approximately 519,000 storm-water customers., The L.A.s -- the Galaxy and Chivas USA -- combined are three points short of the Earthquakes. The Southlanders are tied for last in the Western Conference leaving Galaxy D Sean Franklin to fret, "No one fears us.", The same isn't true at Labadie, they say. In fact, a report prepared by Robert Criss, a Washington University professor, identified several dozen private wells along the bluffs near Labadie Bottoms that could be at risk of contamination. Contaminants could infiltrate from shallow alluvial soils to the deeper Ozark aquifer tapped by residents for drinking water, according to the report., “Well, if they’re 45 years old, and they show up, and say, I want insurance because I’ve got a heart disease, it’s like, `Hey guys, we can’t play the game like that,’” Romney told Leno. “You’ve got to get insurance when you’re well, and if you get ill, then you’re going to be covered.”, University of California, San Diego, At the Biden group's last meeting Wednesday, discussions over whether to include taxes were particularly contentious, Mr. Cantor said. This was unlike most meetings over the past seven weeks, in which Mr. Biden kept the talks focused on areas of possible agreement on spending cuts, while sidestepping the tax issue., Ice show Saturday at Civic Arena, A. Blame the contorted new leaves on the citrus leaf miner, a small moth gardeners rarely see. What they do see is the leaf damage you noted plus meandering tunnels between the surfaces of the leaves. Once the foliage is affected, it is too late to apply a control. Each time new growth forms, you can control these pests. When new leaves are starting to grow and are less than an inch long, apply a horticultural oil or an insecticide containing the natural ingredient spinosad. Follow the label to keep leaf miners from crinkling the tree leaves., It's mercury, a heavy metal that even in small amounts can cause neurological problems in children and infants., Hours: 11 a.m.-2 a.m. Monday through Friday, 8 a.m.-2 a.m. Saturday and Sunday, Breyer, citing these "changed circumstances," said the question now was whether a challenge could proceed once federal authorities had approved the cuts., Gordon, with one detective assigned to the JTTF, said he has never heard a concern about civil rights violations. "There's no better way to monitor that than to have a deputy sheriff or a police officer in the mix," he said., Emily Egan, Among the changes are an increased emphasis on local culture, with native Hawaiian artwork and a lava stone bar. Guest rooms have new furnishings and updated features, including flat-screen TVs, DVD players, iPod docking stations and wireless Internet access., The University would only confirm that Sharp was fired., The accomplice allegedly sent clients who'd contacted Law Funder directly to Donadio so he could collect a broker's fee. The two then split the money., A mild winter may have partially influenced the disappointing job numbers in March. January and February were unusually warm, which allowed construction firms and other companies to hire people for outdoor work several weeks earlier than usual, effectively stealing jobs from March., The Allmans would go on to reach incredible heights in the burgeoning scene, partying at the vanguard of excess while defining a sound that still excites millions of fans. Their songs "Whipping Post" and "Midnight Rider" became part of rock `n' roll's DNA and their live album "At Fillmore East," on which they lit Blind Willie McTell's "Statesboro Blues" on fire, still defines the live album., Kevon Seymour; DB; 6-0; 170; Pasadena Muir HS, Sandy Hickman, “We can see the light of a new day on the horizon,” Obama told the nation in a televised address from Afghanistan amid cries from Republicans that he has turned the bin Laden victory into political grist., Tokaji said that is likely to draw the attention of the U.S Supreme Court. He likened it to a university having a quota for how many minority students it will admit, which is unconstitutional., Despite all the talk about GOP voter dissatisfaction with their choice of candidates, Gallup found Republicans, by 53 percent to 45 for Democrats, are more likely to say they are "more enthusiastic than usual about voting" this year., Perhaps it’s because Rolle has lost in a Super Bowl before (with the Arizona Cardinals, in Super Bowl XLIII). He’s gone through this process and come home empty-handed. He was careful not to downplay any member of the Patriots today, including the matchup nightmares of tight ends Rob Gronkowski and Aaron Hernandez., By the time the Hampton Jitney made its last stop in Fort Lauderdale, Dorothy and I were cozy in our condo - with our Cadillac parked right outside., "This verdict sends a very clear message about our Canadian values and the core principles in a free and democratic society that all Canadians enjoy and even visitors to Canada enjoy," he said to cheers of approval from onlookers., He is on trial in U.S. District Court along with Michael McMichael, a former Cleveland branch manager for Siemens Building Technologies, one of the companies that has done work for CHMA., The infusion of new nameplates is not at an end. The NFL draft is on the horizon. Quarterback Andrew Luck is expected to be the Colts' first selection when the draft starts April 26. There will be other rookies and free agents to add to the mix., Canada has offered to pay $550 million in advance to cover Michigan's share of the project and be paid back through bridge tolls. Snyder and bridge supporters say Michigan taxpayers would be insulated from any shortfall in bridge revenues by ironclad legislation., Bird is one of the people city leaders say they want to help. But during the recent City Council debate on the topic, she let them know she didn't want that kind of help: "I don't want you to pass this ordinance under my name," she told city leaders. "There are ways to help disabled Portlanders. This isn't it.", 1 1/3 cups sugar, Iiwi, He had received word from a local priest in Old Bridge that a woman with very bad rheumatoid arthritis was destitute. The church, he said, was struggling to keep supporting her., More than 16,000 Civil War soldiers are buried at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery., The Sneed Column, which appears Tuesday through Friday and on Sunday on page four of the Sun-Times, is a brokerage house of information. Whether it's the latest local lore, political probe or Hollywood gossip, Sneed has the scoop and is always eager to share it with her readers., "Sometimes I feel so rushed,'' said Laurie McDonough, a third-grade teacher at the district's Channing Elementary School. "I would love to have another half-hour.", Democratic members of the House picked Nicholas J. Celebrezze to represent the 15th House District upon DeGeeter's departure., Q: Were you always a performer?, 7213 Boellner Dr, $15,000, His memories of what happened next are blurred. There was a machine monitoring Kevin's heartbeat, and he knows he touched his son's foot and felt no reflexive reaction. Hours later, a nurse said to him, "You have to go." Pat, 1:30 p.m.: Judge Adams returns to courtroom, meets briefly with attorneys, then jurors return., Shehadeh's memoir describes six sarhat, walks on which a person "wanders aimlessly, not restricted by time and place, going where his spirit takes him to nourish his soul and rejuvenate himself." In describing walks taken through the countryside around Ramallah between 1978 and 2006, Shehadeh documents "a vanishing landscape" altered by conflict. The San Francisco Chronicle was moved by Shehadeh's method of "lyrically interweaving" his "personal search for connection with the soil with a sobering chronicle of Israeli West Bank settlement.", In the back seat, a man was lying across the floorboard. At one point, the woman got out and was shaking the man and yelling at him, trying to get him up., He has also been credited for his innovations in electric amplification and recently, in acoustic guitars. Through the years, Dale has also played sold-out concerts in large venues and smaller clubs, where Dale says he has gotten to know his fans., 9 miles from the coast, its Pete Dye-designed course "basks in 300 days of annual sunshine." It also offers discounts to California residents. ((831) 625-9500 - www.carmelvalleyranch.com), Smit-Lozano said it took until her mid-teens to accept her father's lifestyle., Irving Street Rep is a PR, marketing and entertainment company that presents the annual McDonald’s Gospelfest concerts in Newark, and Farrow is the chairman of sacred music at New Hope Baptist Church, where Houston learned to sing and where her mother, Cissy Houston, served for many years as minister of music., Please, Madame Mayor, don't throw good money after bad., Witnesses told police that the fight began when Davito's husband, Thomas Lacher, 48, became upset after seeing several men dancing "in a provocative manner" with his bride., Sandra Vucenovic 567, The difference? Stewart was clearly being sarcastic when he said, among other things, that "I feel bad that, as drivers, we couldn't do a better job of crashing enough cars for them today.", "Everything they do is monitored by the state and the federal government," she said, Friday night and into the evening Saturday. But leaders are calling for at least another week of heightened law enforcement there., W: Oakland Mills (40-7), Marriotts Ridge (40-12); L: Hammond (16-12), Glenelg (28-8), River Hill (38-0)., This hike begins on the Bell Rock Pathway, a loud trail aside Arizona 179, but quickly turns into the Little Horse. Signs make the transition easy. The path takes you on a windy spin toward the Twin Buttes. Follow the cairns through the confusing spots toward Chicken Point, which doesn't really look like a chicken. It is a more like an oval spaceship that you can climb., BURLINGTON COUNTY — Retired NBA star Jayson Williams is preparing to move from a prison in rural New Jersey to New York City's Rikers Island jail complex., ATLANTA -- A day after 13 people were charged with hazing crimes in connection with the death of a Florida A&M drum major, the parents of Robert Champion and their lawyer branded the charges as too slight, the investigation as less than thorough -- and they argued that the university had done too little to combat a culture of hazing., August: Whole Foods Market, JT Schmid's Restaurant and Brewery, Johnny Rockets, Crandall, 16, said there weren't any plans for a funeral as of Thursday afternoon., This Roscoe Village organic bakery bills itself as offering "punk rock pastry." And if that means many of the goodies are surprisingly inventive, I would have to agree. Sure, you'll find the standards: brownies, cookies, whoopie pies and cheesecake bars, all generously sized, by the way. And there's a gorgeous, postcard-perfect vista of cupcakes on display — about a dozen flavors available each month, four to six of them vegan. However, foodies will appreciate the assortment of thoughtful creations such as chocolate chip cookies with bacon (yes, the bacon is organic), blueberry pie with lavender streusel, basil and goat cheese croissants, tequila-lime cupcakes and ginger-cream scones. And speaking of scones, the vegan Take a Hike scones, made with whole-wheat flour, oats, seeds and dried fruit, are the bakery's best-seller. Most items are sweetened with evaporated cane juice. Extra bonus: With its tattoo-art touches and neon-hued walls and tables, the shop has a punk rock feel too., Don't let the cheery Hawaiian shirts fool you — the nation's psychiatrists aren't feeling all that ku'u aku (relaxed) as the deadline nears for the next edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, or DSM-5., That's disturbed Twinsburg Mayor Kathi Procop, who says delaying groundbreaking past September could stop construction of the 135,000 square foot facility. Its tenant must vacate its current premises by a particular date, and will go elsewhere if the new building won't be ready on time., Degree? Beer, GED., scoop: Clay's return is huge and Lokombo, a backup, played like a starter. They figure to be the starting outside linebackers with Alonso taking over in the middle. They would form quite the trio should Alonso muster the consistency and leadership to match his elite physical abilities. If the Rose Bowl defensive MVP plays next season like he did on Jan. 2 the Ducks will be in business and he could have a date with the 2013 NFL Draft., Funeral services for Kellenyi are planned for late this week. There will be two viewings, on Thursday, April 19 from 5:30 to 9 p.m. and on Friday from 10:30 to 11:30 a.m. Her Mass of Christian Burial will be at noon Friday., However, Judge Bolton's decision may stand if the Supreme Court follows its precedents on immigration, which have held that immigration law rests entirely with the federal government. Her opinion relied heavily on a 1941 ruling in which the justices struck down a Pennsylvania law that required aliens to carry an identification card. She quoted Justice Hugo Black's comment that such a state identification system would infringe "the personal liberties of law-abiding aliens" and subject them to threat of "police surveillance.", Cook isn't the only Vikings player trying to prove himself this week. Newly signed receiver Jerome Simpson will be suspended for the first three games of next season after he pleaded guilty in April to a felony charge after authorities said 2 pounds of marijuana were shipped to his Kentucky home last year. Simpson was sentenced to 15 days in jail, 200 hours of community service and fined $7,500., Oakland County Commissioner Jim Nash will forgo a re-election bid and instead run to be the county water resources commissioner, formerly known as the drain commissioner., "I think we’ll do well," Philip Thigpen, the chair of the Essex County Democratic Committee, said of the eventual November showdown. "I think this is just a bad year for any opposition. ... There isn’t anything that significant to justify a change.", (Writing by Melissa Akin; Editing by Vladimir Soldatkin), earnings per share of 72 Canadian cents in the quarter,, 51: KC's Chance Myers with a chance near goal. He crosses it and there's the shot, but Perkin smoothly deflects it., "I was moving to San Francisco similarly to the story in the movie and I wanted to make some money to move with. I didn't work in porn again for another couple of years. I was in school and I was working full time at a coffee shop. I was exhausted and poor and I thought, 'I would like to make more money in less time.' I was already naked on the Internet, so my political career was already ruined. So I figured I might as well.", "If the bottom hadn't dropped out exactly when it did, a lot of us would have been better off than we are," Turner said., $500,000 - $749,999: 31, Prosecutor Deborah Russell pressed Senser about some inconsistencies in her story, including why Senser sent her daughter several text messages while en route to the Katy Perry concert that night, but sent none to her husband and daughters when she decided to leave the venue., Hope never dies: At the Central Oregon Livestock Auction, auctioneer Trent Stewart stares from under a wide brim, noting a good omen on the way. Rain -- a sprinkling of gold for pastures across the high desert terrain., Tim Tebow has work to do if he's going to win over New York sports fans., "Manufacturing in the eurozone took a further lurch deeper into a new recession in April, with the PMI suggesting that output fell at worryingly steep quarterly rate of over two percent," Chris Williamson, chief economist at Markit, said., At probably the biggest news conference ever held for a backup quarterback, Tim Tebow said all the right things to the howling jackals of the press, as you knew he would., The Ohio Parole Board will now assign someone to review the application and investigate the case, which will include soliciting information from the prosecuting attorney, sentencing judge and police., Getting my bearings, I found breaded butterfly shrimp in the frozen food section at an incredible price of $2.99 for a nine ounce package. My housemate then found frozen shrimp cocktail that he couldn’t live without., In 1992, Don Webb gave up competitive distance running and began looking for a new activity that he could do with his son Dustin, who was born with cerebral palsy, has never walked and taps out messages on a specialized computer to "talk" to his family. In the nearly 20 years since, father and son have traveled an estimated 70,000 miles., What to do, The Wings played shorthanded for almost seven minutes during the first two periods, disrupting their flow, denying them scoring chances and digging them into a two-goal hole from which they couldn't escape, even after pounding Rinne with 19 shots in the last period., "He's an unbelievable racer and a great competitor," Wheating says of Andrews. "He's one of the nicest kids out there.", Will his career be shorter than wide receiver Justin Blackmon's? The statistics for the position say so, but not every running back is Montario Hardesty., David L. Baker, At a typical new store opening, there would already be 50 people in line, said Juliet Hall, a corporate representative for Chick-fil-A. But as of late this morning, just the group of four waited outside the Des Peres store. A handful of other fans also showed up this morning, but said they would return later this afternoon with tents, she added., Loyola won the Horizon League championship in the fall and has been to the NCAA tournament three times in the last six years., 25, The Republican used his strongest language yet to urge the Democrat-controlled Legislature to act on proposals he put forth months ago. The reforms are supposed to help mayors be able to budget within a 2 percent cap that becomes effective Jan. 1., AVONDALE, La. <U+0096> Jason Dufner is in familiar territory atop the leaderboard after 36 holes., To mark its 50th anniversary this year, the club seeks to reach 2,012 members, according to Howard Miller, president of the Center Club and a partner at law firm Saul Ewing. Miller joined the club in 1966 and still carries his original membership card., The board will also get a budget update from director of business services Brodie Killian., She is, not surprisingly, even more uncensored live. "I could never say that on TV," she admitted after one outrageous joke. "Even on Bravo, which is, like, a fake channel.", Her road to jail started early. DeCant grew up in a home that often lacked food and electricity; she was molested by a relative. When she was 9, police removed her and her three younger sisters from the home; the court granted custody of DeCant to a relative. At 22, she was diagnosed with bipolar, post-traumatic stress and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorders., In 1997, she ran for a council seat representing her Glenville neighborhood, but narrowly lost to incumbent Bill Patmon., "Congratulations to you both," Francis said. "You both did an outstanding job. Your questions were riveting. You are both champions for being here today.", At the elementary school the information technology room and five supplemental instructional areas could not be tested due to lack of access by the testing company. They will be tested later., PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem also said he was pleased to learn of Woods' return., Since committing three errors in two of the Angels' first three games, Trumbo has made one start at third., Player of the year: Lauren Maclin, Ladue, At least 82 children between the ages of 6 and 19 are known to have died while playing the choking game, according to the CDC, although the true toll is probably higher because there’s no reliable system for counting such deaths. Even when it’s not fatal, it can lead to coma or seizures; kids who fall while playing can get concussions or broken bones., All seemed well until the ambulance started to pull away. The deputy could see arms flailing in the ambulance's rear window and what looked like a scuffle between the patient and the lone emergency medical technician in the back. The ambulance pulled over at Southgate and Dingledine, and the driver flagged down the deputy., Santana’s delay between wins had lasted one year, seven months and 27 days. On Sept. 2, 2010, he hurried off the Turner Field mound with a foreign sensation in his left shoulder — but a major-league victory in his pocket, the 133rd of his career. He will have to keep waiting for No. 134., In May, the foundation released a five-point cancer patient statement of principles. Included was the call for equality of access and insurance coverage for all approved cancer treatments., Finally, clothes also figure in the humanity of those who tended to the poorest wretches brought aboard the rescue ship Carpathia. Jones quoted from a letter of a passenger who remembered, "I was very busy ... cutting out garments for the steerage and second-class children, some of whom had no clothes at all. We make little coats and leggings out of the blankets.", Coughlin: The GOP House proposal, which is considered dead on arrival in the Democratic Senate, is a responsible approach that starts getting the country's spending under control, Coughlin says., "The declining dollar, it's great for parts of the country that make stuff," Hill said. "And we're starting to see the benefits of the shale gas boom. Those new steel jobs, that's all pipe products.", “We’re very excited about adding what Jamal can bring to this team. Obviously (he’s) a proven scorer coming off the bench throughout his NBA career. He’s had a terrific couple of years down in Atlanta. And we feel like he can be a real spark plug for us coming off our bench. And (coach) Nate (McMillan) is excited to have him. A lot of our players have relationships with Jamal and are excited to have him., A weekly-magazine critic was dining with a co-founder of the blog Eater. Patti Jackson, the chef at I Trulli, was at the bar. Another table had a writer, an editor and photographer from Food & Wine magazine., Editor's Note: John Maybury copyedited this op-ed and he agrees with it., Gutierrez said of his improbable triumph, "We all need an opportunity and great things can happen.", On Thursday, Holder, who has a team of Justice Department attorneys reviewing the statute to prepare for a possible legal challenge, told the House Judiciary Committee that he had only "glanced at it.", 8. New England - Not at all happy about draw against Portland, but Revolution has played much better defense this season., Jindal is considered a rising GOP national star and often mentioned as a potential presidential contender., He had a one-shot lead when he sprayed his drive so far left that it hit off a hospitality tent, though he still had a clean lie. Then, he hit the tree and the ball bounced straight down. From there, he caught a plugged lie in the bunker left of the green, blasted out through the green and missed the chip. Geoff Ogilvy wound up winning., Drinking drivers, In March, a coroner's report ruled that heart disease and cocaine use were contributing factors in Houston's death., In the exact words of the Brooklyn Appellate Division, Toussaint & Co. must swear that "that the union has no intention, now or in the future, of conducting, assisting, participating, or imposing an obligation to conduct, assist or participate in any such strike, or threatening to do so.", Softball Timmy: Tim Lincecum pounded a yellow softball in one of his gloves. He is not planning to learn an underhand riseball. He said the softball prevents the glove from bending improperly as it's broken in., It's the second fire to strike the private zoo in central New Jersey's Springfield Township this year. Bridget Sipp was killed in April when a fire burned the couple's log cabin on the property. No animals were hurt then., Why, for example, would any spy agency assign a seriously unseasoned trainee to such an important case? Why would a seasoned agent take on such a liability as a partner (or know as little about him as he clearly does)? And why, apart from the obvious 007 nod, is the movie even called “From Paris with Love”? It’s about a spy going to France — and fighting immigrants while he’s there — not about any kind of export or expat., “There are indications that the Utica shale is going to be productive west of the Marcellus, so that’s the bombshell,” he said, “but I believe it’s very unlikely that anyplace in New Jersey the Utica will have a potential for being a gas shale.”, Written by "South Park's" Trey Parker and Matt Stone with "Avenue Q's" Robert Lopez, "The BOM" leads all 2011 Tony contenders with 14 nominations, including the coveted best musical prize and -- for O'Malley -- best supporting actor in a musical., With musicians here, the measure is simple, " 'Can he play or can he not?'" says Ben Sandmel, a New Orleans-based journalist and musician, and author of "Ernie K-Doe: The R&B Emperor of New Orleans. "He has his own style. And in a city full of musicians, he's very well respected.", See Canyon Trail is one of the more animated hikes on the Mogollon Rim. Constantly appealing to hikers to participate beyond the mechanics of climbing to the top of the Rim's escarpment, the trail douses hikers' senses, from its colorful spread of wildflowers to moist forest smells and the cascades of Christopher Creek., Martinez screamed. "It was a scream like something I'd never heard before," said Anna Branzuela, who, like her mother, was shocked -- by the news, and by the fact they hadn't been notified. The suicide report said attempts to contact Leonard's family and friends had met with "no success." But his sister said the wallet contained Martinez's business card and her phone numbers and those of other family members and friends., That's the Third Generation iPad Update. I end it the same way I ended the original review: wondering just what the hell Google or any of its hardware partners can possibly do to catch up., Her two oldest daughters, who used to sleep on the floor or a couch, have a bunk bed. Her disabled 13-year-old daughter has bolsters for her medical bed that help her recline more comfortably. Her 9-year-old has his dreamed-of Nintendo, and her 3-year-old twins have all kinds of wonderful toys., Hancock County: 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. today through Friday, 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday; Hancock County Courthouse, first floor, Ind. 9 and U.S. 40, Greenfield., The best things on my training table: Pasta., But a critical habitat designation raises the bar, said Michael Garrity, executive director of the Montana group Alliance for the Wild Rockies, which sued the government to create the designation., The Tolleson district, which has a five-member board and six high schools, will wait to fill the position until the November election., who would like to participate in this ride but do not have five days to spare., Taxes and fees, Lorenzen, 21, has been competing in pageants for five years. Her oldest brother, Jordan, 27, is severely mentally disabled. She describes him as a prankster and full of life, but he will never be able to live on his own., Giovi is a regular at this weekly open-mike that's known for attracting an impromptu collection of seasoned performers who have recorded and toured with the likes of Lou Rawls, Joe Cocker, Barry White and various rock bands. At one point, many of them — mostly musicians and tribute artists, with a few comedians mixed in — have touched the big time. But few have commanded the marquee all by themselves., Signature drink: The refreshing El Pepino ($9), a blend of Miller's gin, muddled cucumber, lime and cranberry juice, and the subtly spicy Guyana Star, made with Plantation Barbados rum, young ginger and lime juice ($8)., A sampling of area Pathmarks, Targets and Staples across the state reported they'd sold out of all D and C batteries along with flashlights and water by 3:00 p.m. Friday., <U+0093>The April report also confirms that the warm winter had biased up the jobs numbers in the fall and winter, and now the data is showing the payback,<U+0094> wrote Steven Ricchiuto, chief economist at Mizuho Securities USA., She moved in with her principal, Cynthia Richardson, and started to focus on school. When her mom was released from prison at the end of her junior year, she moved in to a halfway house with her and her three younger siblings. Her senior year, before her mom could afford a house, they stayed in a hotel for a few months. She scraped by in the classroom, barely graduating before landing at Central Arizona, a junior college in Maricopa, Ariz., But that doesn’t spoil what is a lovely film, all extreme close-ups of chimps grooming, eating (with their mouths open), working out which rocks or sticks are good for cracking nuts and which aren’t. Watching the chimps hunt tiny monkeys (nothing remotely graphic is shown) for food is a lesson in role-playing, teamwork and elementary tactics. We see them build their intricate “sleeping platforms” at night, wash their food and pass down knowledge from parents to children. The detail presented here is amazing., My mother lives there and my sister and her family live there, so going back to Houston is a big deal to me. And this is something that I didn’t realize until yesterday: I was born in Charlotte, raised in New Jersey and went to Houston for college. And that’s been my exact road to the Final Four this year., First off, says Mr. Charney, for 2010 you can write off up to $10,000 in start-up expenses. (In subsequent years it's only $5,000.), Politically, a ruling against Husted would likely be raised by his opponents during the 2010 campaign. In 2006, a similar residency complaint was filed against then Democratic gubernatorial candidate Ted Strickland. His rival, Republican Ken Blackwell, characterized honesty about where one lives as "an issue of overall integrity." The complaint was ultimately dropped., In an email Tuesday, the Maryland Democratic Party accused Romney of wanting to "go back to the same economic policies that got us into this mess in the first place." Southern Maryland Rep. Steny H. Hoyer and party chairwoman Yvette Lewis scheduled a conference call with members of the news media in advance of Romney's visit., The hearing was prompted by the Turnpike accident and a bus crash that killed 15 in the Bronx two days earlier. A charter bus accident in New Hampshire followed those two crashes., Back-story: Rudy's Mediterranean Grill & Diner is a new restaurant in Columbia featuring standard diner fare and a variety of traditional Turkish dishes, And someone to ooh and aah over that electrified faucet., The mansion occupied by the hotel was built in 1896 — seven years after the Eiffel Tower — by a French Mandarin. Prince Roland Bonaparte was Napoleon's grand-nephew, a passionate botanist and longtime president of the French Geographical Society who married into the rich Monte Carlo casino clan., (17) Golden (9-6) at (1) Broomfield (12-3-1), 11 a.m., The Cuyahoga Common Pleas jury entered the judgment Thursday in favor of Antonia Susel, who alleged that the company retaliated against her after she alleged that her boss wanted to replace her with a man nearly half her age, said one of her lawyers, Dianne V. Foley., Ptl. Jason Sailer spotted the van, which had been taken on Sept. 21, at about 11:14 p.m. on Sicklerville Road, police said., Oh yes, Carey harassed her about munching at his restaurant, where the Elmer Borough native had been working since he was 16. Candace could take it - she has the same wacky sense of humor. "We say things that normal people wouldn't say, but it's all in fun," said Carey, who holds a business degree from Rowan University. Candace gave as good as she got., Anyone with information should call Oakland police major crimes unit at 510- 238-3821., The tallest man in America was born in Ukraine 29 years ago. His mother, Svetlana, brought him to Rochester in 1989, when he was 6 years old and nearly 6 feet tall. She hoped doctors could remove the tumor on his pituitary gland that was responsible for his towering growth. But the tumor was imbedded too deeply for complete removal., You can agree or disagree with EarthJustice's actions. It's important to note that EarthJustice does not attack Mandel; it's radio ad was strictly in praise of Brown. But a nod for one candidate is often perceived as a knock on another in an election year., For Wessel, coloring has become yet another way to show off her beloved dog, who already wears a yellow slicker in the rain, a bikini and a visor on beach trips and regularly entertains an audience on the family's Facebook account., Officials on both side of the border use the meeting as an opportunity to discuss "strategic" matters affecting both regions, including security, sustainability and quality of life issues., Activities: Malia likes acting and soccer; Sasha loves singing and dancing; both play piano and tennis., BRUUUUCE! BRUUUUUCE! The boss is back on tour. He'll perform at the Verizon Center April 1., An “All You Can Eat” Spaghetti & Meatballs Dinner will be served at Clayton Elks Lodge, 2132 Broad and Walnut Streets, Sunday, Feb. 26, 2 p.m. until sold out. Donation $7. Call the lodge at 856-863-1733 for more information., One of the biggest reasons The X Factor is such a hit in The United Kingdom is the judging panel. Over seven seasons, judges have consisted of Simon Cowell, Sharon Osbourne, Dannii Minogue (Kylie Minogue’s sister), Cheryl Cole (we will discuss later), and others you probably don’t know. The chemistry, and sometimes lack thereof, between the judges is one of the elements that makes The X Factor what it is., Oak Ridge 11 12 13 12 <U+0096> 48, "You don’t know who is bringing what into our schools," West said. "I want to make sure our kids feel comfortable coming and going.", - Gov. Chris Christie, But while school districts across the state say they support the idea of eradicating bullying, many have complained provisions of the new law are costly and time-consuming., (05-01) 06:48 PDT WASHINGTON (AP) --, The coalition's weapon against such uneasiness may be state Sen. Nina Turner, a dynamic, outspoken black politician from Cleveland's East Side., It's nice enough, but it could use some updating to reflect the personality of the bistro and the quaint village atmosphere., The Historical Society will serve lemonade and cookies under the native oaks in the front yard of Nancy Edgell's vintage home on Main Street, offering tour guests a brief respite. Landscape Architect Guy Stivers will conduct his popular Tree Walk at 11 a.m., I called Sparky daily to report on the circus he was missing. Among the hodgepodge of players that changed almost every day, there were only a handful that could perhaps make the roster of a low-rung minor-league team., Funny, though, a recent Times article said that 20 of 24 towns in Gloucester County are expected to see a decrease in county government taxes, thanks to the county budget. No bloating, no mismanagement, no tax increase., Americans spent $52.4 billion over the four-day Thanksgiving weekend, the highest total for that period, according to the NRF. But business has fallen. Sales last week were down 1.9 percent from a year ago, according to research firm ShopperTrak., As one co-worker said: The problem is that bikers hate motorists; motorists hate bikers; and both sides have valid points., Then there is Matta, whose total package this season — base salary, media responsibilities, deferred compensation, retention bonuses, retirement and endorsements — totals $2,735,000., The developer assembled a committee of property owners to negotiate with Linger Longer and the banks to buy facilities. That committee was rocked early on by resignations by some members who raised financial and legal objections., David Steele, FanHouse: "The Ravens' head coach told the truth about the tainted legacy of the Patriots and Spygate. (John) Harbaugh didn't create the legacy. He didn't invent it out of nothingness. He didn't force it on anybody. He offered an opinion on it-and the roots of that opinion are firmly anchored in truth. Some people, though, couldn't handle the truth. But that's not John Harbaugh's problem. It's theirs.", It used to be implicit that workers could expect reasonably steady employment along with a pension, health care and other benefits - and perhaps a gold watch at retirement., Here's how a reader began a recent email to me: <U+0093>I am a fiscal conservative, but I am NOT a social conservative.<U+0094>, Kucinich, Marilley and Gans agree on that point: To many Democrats, Obama's performance dampened their enthusiasm in the midterm elections. They believed his economic stimulus was not too large but, rather, too small to repair the economy., Call this scenario an anatomy of a murder in Detroit, an illustration of how conflicts are often solved using street logic and violence., Among the first round of changes are adding a “reverse revolving door” policy that would aim to prevent city employees from working on any matter that involves their former employer for two years; a whistle blower protection for reporting misconduct; and creating a limit of $50 a year for gifts city employees can accept from an individual source., Briefly: Dallas Braden has played catch several times this week, but Melvin said that he is not yet on a throwing program. Braden was shut down from throwing for more than a month after a setback in his return from shoulder-capsule surgery. ... Melvin said outfielder Coco Crisp is continuing to get better each day as he recovers from an ear infection. ... Minor-league starter Michael Ynoa has a right shoulder strain unrelated to his 2010 Tommy John surgery and will not throw for a few days, according to director of player development Keith Lieppman., RTA reported ridership of 44.7 million in 2010., Refusing to accept the myth that poor children can't be successful in school, Harvey Elementary lives by the mantra of "Yes, I can!", Prices: $$$$, Martha and 61-year-old Jack Da Hat Luna harmonize to "Talk to Me" by Lil Willy John., Testaverde was superb, completing 20 of 30 attempts for 268 yards and one touchdown. At one point, he completed 11 straight attempts. More importantly, he was not picked off and held onto the ball after his two sacks. He scrambled for 19 yards and hit receivers on the run all day, including once on a 5-yard touchdown pass to Mark Carrier., Centaurus — Puckett 1 2-3 5, Langer 2 0-2 4, Matosky 1 0-0 2, Manfredini 1 0-0 2, Ortega 4 2-2 11, Hubbell 1 2-4 4, Hauck 5 1-4 11, Anderson 0 0-0 0. Totals 15 7-15 39., "Over the years, the school and the student enrollment kept growing," he said. "That's been a long time. Now, there are just two original staff members left.", Heironimus said he wanted to give voters a clear choice between two very different approaches to city government., Currently, St. Charles city employees pay no insurance premiums or deductibles under the 2010 health plan., If it did opt for a name change, GM could wait and pick a new name to highlight how its business is reshaping, said William Lozito, president of Strategic Name Development, a brand naming company based in Minneapolis., Said Buckeyes' sophomore point guard Aaron Craft: "It is something you have to get adjusted to and understanding my role might not be scoring, but there are so many other ways to impact a basketball game to help the team be successful. And it's trying to find that and trusting the coaches when they tell you what you should do. It can be tough at times.", The uncle took him to the gym three nights a week, Lawson said. He also began swimming and playing basketball and is doing well despite changing schools and homes several times in recent months, Lawson said., “Should we be looking at a recreation levy?” Romeo said. “I know it’s a tax, but . . .”, 12 Tom Lantos (D)*, The women prepared for the hearing while trying to keep up with coursework. On the scheduled day, they learned the male student's attorney and the university's general counsel had reached a deal: The male student would withdraw from school, and no hearing would be held., The $11.5 million building will house the Alliance for Catholic Education, a two-year service program that trains college graduates to work as teachers in 33 inner-city parochial schools across the country. After serving in the field, participants return to South Bend to earn a master's degree in education. Founded in 1993, the program bounced from basements to closets for more than 15 years., Funding shortfalls have put the construction of the Barat Academy sports complex on hold, but Brown still practices in the campus parking lot and goes to Fort Zumwalt South to practice on its track there in evenings during the week., Video surveillance footage showed him getting into a white compact car taken parked in a nearby Dunkin Donuts, police said. An investigation into McLendon’s background revealed that he had been driving a 1998 white Mercury Tracer at the time of the robbery. A warrant was issued for McLendon after he was identified by an eyewitness to the robbery., Height: 4 feet, 10.2 inches, about an inch taller than the Cobalt., Eaton def. Platte Canyon, 25-15, 25-11, 25-6, Newark police spent $187,621 of its $4 million overtime budget on costs associated with Houston’s funeral, police spokesman Sgt. Ronald Glover said. Newark police had nearly 200 officers assigned to New Hope Baptist Church, Whigham’s Funeral Home and the Newark Club, where the family held a repast after the services, according to a copy of Newark’s detailed security plan obtained by The Star-Ledger in February., Burns said he hopes that the refuge will consider allowing public access soon. Other than Celeron Island between Grosse Ile and Gibraltar, there aren't many beaches for boaters in the area. Another nearby island, Fox Island, is privately owned and off-limits, Kish said., Diroll was instrumental in recent years working with a number of lawmakers, including Seitz and Tavares, to find a workable solution. He helped come up with the new sentencing guidelines. House Bill 86 passed the legislature with nearly unanimous support, and Kasich invited Democrats to his bill signing at the Statehouse., Her report notes that while the banking industry as a whole has returned to health since 2008, smaller community banks – generally defined as those with less than $1 billion in assets – remain troubled. Of the 396 banks that have failed since Jan. 1, 2008, more than 300 were community banks., Walmart said the price lowering will cost it $1 billion, compared with its $145 billion in grocery sales last year in the U.S., Earlier today, Christie continued his criticism of Gingrich amid reaction from the former speaker’s camp that it was disappointed with the negative tone of Romney’s surrogates., They were at eight-under 136., "We are basically stuck with the prosecutor as our lawyer," she said. "This is not a decision I'm happy with. I hope someone else finds a loophole.", I'd be hard-pressed to find a better guy to trust. On my visits, not really knowing the difference between the Schiava grape found in the 2009 Mumelter Sudtirol St. Magdalener (which retails for about $17) and the Teroldego grape in the 2006 Roberto Zeni Rotaliano (which retails for about $23), I turned to the staff for assistance for this choice and others., Like Mr. Hartage, Ms. Rachman was a critic of creating an elected chair, saying it wasn't needed., Airlines all too often fail to provide the service you expect, and when you complain, they all too often fail to provide a satisfactory response. If an airline doesn't fulfill its contract or causes you actual financial loss, and still stonewalls your complaint, you have some remedies -- including asking for a credit card chargeback, notifying the Department of Transportation, and even hauling the offending line into small claims court., Neosho 28, Kickapoo 21, "It will make a big difference in the community when people accept it as a normal mode of transportation.", So while the purchasing team would probably get a bigger chunk of Hosmer's prime, there's a good chance Kansas City will get his very best., “While Oregon has long been considered a national leader in the area of assessment, we know that a true 21st-century assessment system can do more to support and inform instruction, engage students in learning, and provide meaningful data on student achievement and growth," she said. "This opportunity will help take our assessment system to the next level.”, the leggings, the whole, "We're doing as much as we can with the resources we have," Fuerst said in a confirmation hearing in February. "The money is due to the county. It's out there. It's a matter of getting it...We're going to have to have some help on it.", "Man, listen, George needs to keep his mouth shut, first and foremost," Martin said. "Melo don't play there no more. So Karl shouldn't be commenting on Melo. If George was such a great coach, then Melo would want to stay. He wouldn't want to leave., Mesquite has long been a popular place for seniors. Shockie Macchia, 80, is a longtime fan., Ameren should develop detailed plans that lay out the business case for whatever type of power plant it wants to build. That would allow utility regulators to examine its assumptions and approve the most prudent proposal., If the referendum is approved May 8, the possible alternatives pointed out by Mr. Waltman will not be explored. We need a fresh start to evaluate options other than ELSA. I appeal to all registered voters in Hopewell Township to vote “no” May 8., Third Federal's stock was down to $9.79 in heavy trading that, in a half-day, nearly surpassed its average volume for an entire day., "I'd like the answer now, please," Barry said., Our first trip here, last year, was the first real trip to a foreign country for our two children, Grace, 12, and Jack, 8. (Let's not count two nights in Vancouver, British Columbia, nice as they were; I'm not sure the kids even realized they'd left the States.), OLYMPIA – Dodging requests for specifics Friday, Gov. Chris Gregoire announced that lawmakers have inched closer to a deal on the state's operating budget., Oregon starter Jake Reed gave the Ducks a good outing by going 6 2/3 innings, allowing five hits and striking out three. But he was touched up with enough timely hits to earn the loss while Gray remained in control most of the night., Someone exposed himself behind a church Saturday in the 700 block of Falconer Road., 9055, Jennifer L. Johnston, Hood River, 4:47:28., Moments later, Cook shimmied back to Gimenez, who was washing dishes., "It's really aimed at the war of perceptions," she said. "You try to start the fighting season with a bang and wipe away the claims that the Taliban haven't been able to pull off their major offensive. It's much more symbolic than tactical.", Huntsman, of course, hopes he’ll be remembered for much more than that., One of the biggest differences between this team and the 2008 team one week away from the beginning of a 162-game grind is the level of self-confidence., A futile pattern continues to repeat itself for the Twins., The Predators went on a second power play at 12:10, and a third at 16:20. Less than a minute after Jonathan Ericsson was sent to the penalty box, fellow penalty killer Justin Abdelkader followed, leaving the Wings short two skaters for over a minute., Blues 1, Predators 0 ... with 5:38 left in the 1st period., Yet these laws do little to help poor workers. In January, economists at Charles River Associates prepared a report for the mayor on a similar bill. They found that some low-paid workers would get raises — but others would become unemployed. And the pain would be worst in The Bronx and Staten Island, because those boroughs have more low-wage workers., In a news release, the company said the rights plan wasn't intended to prevent a sale that the board deemed fair., Saturday, day of party: 6:30 a.m., AJ's. 7 a.m., Fry's. 8 a.m., clean front porch. 8:30 a.m., make green-bean salad with prosciutto. 10 a.m., start bread. 11:30 a.m., put ragu in Crock-Pot on patio. 11:45 a.m., make basil dressing. Noon, homemade pasta., 5. Make the chops. Pat chops dry and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until just smoking. Cook four chops, turning once, until just cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes total., This is the first time in the history of our city that the mayor has been left with no staff to conduct the taxpayers’ business. This “do-nothing” action by the four council members is both draconian and egregious in nature., "It was do or die tonight," DePape said. "I think our guys were obviously all ready. We were kind of blazing out there and we were lucky enough to get the win.", Billy McConnell, a managing director of LaSalle, said that the company has never had an injury to a citizen or staff member as a result of an escape. "Anytime something like that happens we review our policies and procedure to make sure we know what went wrong, and we try to eliminate the possibility of that happening again," he said., “The shift to online is accelerating,” said media analyst Ed Atorino. “The demographics in Boston are tailor-made for an online product ... with all the schools in the city.”, Stocks have fallen four weeks in a row. Some on Wall Street worry that the resulting blow to confidence, not to mention 401(k) statements, has set off a spiral of fear that could push prices even lower, cause people and businesses to pull back and tip the economy into a new recession., The Harford County Department of Parks and Recreation announced there will be intermittent closures of the Ma & Pa Trail near Newport Drive in Forest Hill during construction of a building on private property adjacent to the trail., Two days after Hendrix was discharged, the California man also went home with his new kidney., Encinosa credits the heightened awareness to a combination of education in schools, TV shows on the topic and public statements by such celebrity patients as Princess Diana and Paula Abdul., In 2005, the Orange non-profit Housing and Neighborhood Development Services, Inc. developed a housing project on Freeman Street to attract artists to the Valley neighborhood, a ten-block district flanked by Orange's Highland Avenue train station and West Orange., Inside, the home's warm Modernism is courtesy of Wanda Weller Sakai, formerly director of design for Patagonia, now a fashion instructor at Otis College of Art and Design in Los Angeles and owner of the Modern Folk Living boutique in Ojai. She has a knack for softening the modern architecture with handcrafted decor: colorful vintage kilim rugs and pillows, contemporary artwork and ceramics that span decades., A review of individual test scores and student achievement would show some students are scoring much higher than they typically perform in class, several said., Samo's longtime friend Carol Roberts, of Costa Mesa, said Samo was a good and very special friend., Senate leaders promise to try to revive the moribund appropriations process in that chamber, but it's unclear how many of the 12 annual spending bills will see floor votes., Framing the bocce courts are planters built and installed by locals, and benches made of discarded old curbstones from city streets. Nearby, the edible garden blossomed with strawberries, sage, mint, oregano, rosemary, lavender, geraniums, blackberries and artichokes., Times, and technology, have changed. While waiting for a transplant, many patients' hearts are outfitted with left ventricular assist devices – pumps that help the ailing organ do its job. Cheney reportedly had one implanted at Inova back in 2010. The devices have become advanced enough that they can increasingly be used as a lifelong solution in and of themselves rather than as a bridge to an eventual heart transplant., "If you have to rely just on momentum then you don't have a good enough team," Auriemma said. "We've got to hope we have a good enough team and then rely on momentum as an extra asset.", What a difference five seasons and 5,000 reality shows make., The council voted Monday to table the decision. Board members said they wanted to see a new business plan for the project and the theater., oStart asking these questions sooner rather than later - and often., Absentee voting rules would remain unchanged., An IPO can provide a lucrative payout for companies' founders, management, investors and employees. Public stock offerings were common in Oregon during the 1990s, fueled by investor interest in startup companies amid thriving stock markets. They served as a kind of status symbol for ambitious entrepreneurs., With quicksilver speed and boundless energy, Ryan Gardner, a Eureka senior, is one of the more exciting players on the attack in the area., WEST DEPTFORD — St. Paul’s United Methodist Church of Thorofare located at 74 Church St., West Deptford: Palm/Passion Sunday service at 9:30 a.m., The Diving World Series started in 2007 and also came to Tijuana in 2008. The Chinese were there as well, but the big story was podium finishes by Mexico's Yahel Castillo and Paola Espinosa in individual events. Mexico carried the momentum into the Olympics a few months later, with Espinosa and partner Tatiana Ortiz taking the bronze in the 10-meter synchronized platform event – one of only three medals Mexico won in Beijing., Later, he told reporters, "Had I been president of the United States, I would have made the same decision as the president made.", The production, originally seen at Connecticut’s Hartford Stage, boasts a terrific all-adult ensemble. Tim McKiernan and Hayley Treider make an appealing Tom and Becky, while the rest play all the other characters and share in the occasional narration., Of course, he would be outdone, after Brown hit one free throw to tie and missed the second. That’s when poor Nasir Robinson of Pitt clearly grabbed the arm of Butler’s Matt Howard off the miss. Howard was promptly rewarded with his own free throws despite being 88 feet from his own basket., Revenue bonds are popular among investors because in many cases they are considered even more secure than a government's pledge to pay back general obligation bonds often by raising taxes. Such bonds comprise half the new municipal debt issued so far this year, according to Thomson Reuters., The move occurs as Planned Parenthood has become a major focus for anti-abortion groups, and faces an investigation by U.S. Rep. Cliff Stearns, a Florida Republican., Assemblyman Albert Coutinho (D-Essex), co-sponsor of the bill, said federal officials need to pressure TSA into better training its officers., Tanner Smith converted a two- point conversion after the first, making it 23-15. Mountain Vista recovered the ensuing onside kick and drove to the second score, a 10-yard pass, with 47 seconds left. But Smith was stopped short on the two-point conversion attempt., It's obvious in the name -- this joint is all about racking it up on one of the many pool tables. You're bound to see lots of hotties in the process, considering the bar is a favorite among ASU students because of its primo spot on Mill Avenue. Cue Club also features pool tournaments, so grab a group of your best-playing friends to compete. The Long Islands are pretty potent here. After a few, prepare to probably not win many pool games., The savings is accounted for in the 2010 operating budget that was approved yesterday, a $485 million spending plan that was less than 1 percent higher than last year’s operating budget., "It seems like we're more effective when we tend to be more physical," Vermette said., They're made from cranberry concentrate, and most mix in lots of white grape juice concentrate and/or apple juice to add sweetness -- or sugar. Often, there's more of the other fruits than the cranberry. But these are drunk for fun, not for the antioxidant benefits of cranberries. So for the purposes of Taster's Choice, the question was: How well do they maintain cranberries' tart nature without plunging over sweetness cliff?, Kyle Lohse (5-1) allowed one run and seven hits in five innings., Dennis Mitchell Mueller was charged with driving on a suspended and revoked license, reckless driving with injuries and excessive speed and unsafe lane changes, Schmutz said., Mangels reported a net of almost $1 million for the 2011 season. Net assets have increased from $7.7 million in 2008 to an unaudited $10.3 million in 2011, while liabilities were lower than posted in 2009 and 2010., Immediately after taking you back, Dominion will add a note explaining that you have been "placed on the company's standard service offer" and that if you remain "credit eligible" for two consecutive bills you will be assigned to a supplier.", Spoofing police procedurals while bowing deeply to John Cage, the cheeky Swedish feature pits a music-loathing yet sympathetic detective against a group of anarchist percussionists. In lesser hands the mash-up might be nothing more than an act of cinematic contortion. But filmmakers Ola Simonsson and Johannes Stjärne Nilsson and their engaging cast pull off the feat with no strain and a surprising amount of heart., Students: 62 percent white, 22 percent African American, 7 percent Asian/Pacific Islander, 5 percent Latino, 2 percent multiple races, 1 percent Native American, He also offered new details about life with his 3-year-old daughter Bella, who was born with a rare genetic disorder and was hospitalized over the weekend but was allowed to return home Monday., San Francisco is one of the few major U.S. cities that does not arm its officers with the devices., “At this point, we really don’t have information and are not involved in the matter,” said Glenn Lillie, director of marketing for Allen Associates and spokesperson for the firm. “We know just what we’ve seen in the papers at this point.”, Zink's new book includes excerpts from letter exchanges as well as diagrams and photographs. He likes quoting from the actual players in the family history because he finds the material so compelling. "Their personalities and motivations come through much stronger when reading their original words," he said., "Continental was a mausoleum," said Dan Beck, a season-ticket holder since his freshman days at Seton Hall a decade ago. "This is one of the best arenas in the country.", Nelson said Goddard's successful defense of two other state immigration laws, Proposition 200 and employer sanctions, shows that he is best qualified to represent the state. Prop. 200 requires proof of citizenship to register to vote and proof of identification at the polls., I needed significant convincing to try that one., "The snoring immediately stopped the first night," says Carol Lennon, a Jefferson woman who has been using Provent since Dec. 14. "My boyfriend's very happy.", The issue is not glamorous. The most immediate threat is posed to poor and working-class communities that are home to gritty industrial enterprises., "Fuel economy improvements must be affordable," Ford dealer Don Chalmers of New Mexico told journalists at the estimate's unveiling. "If my customers can't buy what I've got to sell, there are no savings at the gas pump and there is no environmental benefit.", Individual results: 200 medley relay<U+0096>DC, 1:56.83; 200 free<U+0096>Kim, O, 2:00.16; 200 IM<U+0096>Miller, BV, 2:21.59; 50 free<U+0096>Ellsworth, DC, 25.73; 100 fly<U+0096>Andre, BV, 1:03.03; 100 free<U+0096>Ellsworth, DC, 56.02; 500 free<U+0096>Davis, O, 5:34.59; 20 free relay<U+0096>BV, 1:44.15; 100 back<U+0096>Woster, O, 1:01.43; 100 breast<U+0096>Kim, O, 1:10.38; 400 free relay<U+0096>BV, 3:49.67; Diving<U+0096>Holden 401.40., The Federal Housing Administration on Friday released details of a plan in which borrowers who use FHA loans can get advances from lenders that effectively let them receive the credit before they complete their taxes., "Our teams will do a weekly meeting at work during lunch," she says. "We'll track our weight on a scale and do fun things, too -- activities like estimating portion sizes., Ward put the ball on the ground a few times, and Jenkins developed more as a third-down safety-valve back (he has terrific hands), so the opening was there for Stevenson to burst through and be the first-down back in Agnew’s absence., She said a pack of coyotes once even chased her when she went out to get the mail one night., at the Staples Center, (H H H 1 on 4/22/11), Anyway, we thought the idea of filming the show in Cleveland was good -- so we made it happen., Bernanke has previously warned that the economy is too fragile for the Congress to slash spending or boost taxes, even as he has made the case that lawmakers and the White House must craft a credible plan to reduce trillion-dollar plus budget deficits over the long term., "I read it through lunch breaks and I'm giggling," said Laura Vargas, 31, an executive assistant at a large insurance company. "I'm like, 'I can't believe she just wrote that.'", Robinson to speak, In court, Hehn painted the picture of a troubled marriage., The current market rate for these parking spots is $200 per month., 2:11:47: Ed Moran, 1 tablespoon passion-fruit puree, During a three-month period in 1985, McKinley assaulted six prostitutes, using a knife and sometimes taking their money afterward. Snowden said he pleaded guilty to raping three of the prostitutes and was sentenced to 10 years in prison. Snowden said that when he was in prison, McKinley admitted to having as many as 45 victims., Brooklyn Sports & Entertainment, an affiliate of Nets Sports and Entertainment, and sports marketing company IMG College were hired by Rutgers to find a naming rights partner., "There's not one day that has gone by," since winning the U.S. Mid-Amateur seven months ago, "that I haven't thought about this week," Lewis said after scoring a 39-39--78 in the second round of the Masters. "This will be the most special week ever. Nothing could top this week, in golf., "He was so full of the joy of the Lord that I found it irresistible," Brand said. "He had a true, intimate relationship with Jesus.", “There’s countless other examples of cities that have not performed well in poor quality ballparks,” Paulson said. “That’s when they’ve built new ballparks, they’ve been magnificent.”, "I think it is the size of Detroit," said Flint City Council President Scott Kincaid. "There is a lot at stake for the entire state. And politics plays a major role.", The 685-page proposal by Illinois to get a "waiver" from these mandates now awaits approval by theU.S. Department of Education, which could come as early as May. The document reviewed by the Tribune reveals what are guaranteed to be hotly debated changes. These include:, To remedy the boy’s situation, Jelonda prescribed her own medication: consistency, love, structure and accountability. They’re all doses in themselves she said., With the win, St. John's advances to the winner's bracket, and will take on host and the top national seed, Virginia, Saturday evening. It is a rematch of last year's regional, which saw the Red Storm beat the Cavaliers once before losing to them in the regional final to end their season., “I’m very excited about it,” he said. “It’s a Fortune 500 company, a well-respected company.”, oBrown, which upset Cornell in Ithaca, N.Y., a week ago, kept its hopes for the fourth spot alive but needs help. The Bears must win their home finale against Dartmouth and hope Yale wins at home against archrival Harvard. The Crimson will grab the fourth position with a win or a Brown loss., On this day, Aguilar had invited a student to the board to divide two fractions — a topic on the upcoming state exam. As his classmates compared notes in whispers, the boy wrote out his answer. Aguilar turned to the class., But hockey fights happen for a reason and shouldn't be banned. For nearly 100 years, hockey has "policed" itself. If fighting were banned, there actually would be more thuggery on the ice, more rough tactics to try to instigate fights., "My heart started racing. I walked up behind him and 'pow' I hit him in the back of his head," he said as he pulled his fist back and threw a punch in the air while his friends broke into laughter. He said he had started playing at age 13 and knew he could injure someone., The Jaguars (20-3, 11-2 Pacific Conference) weren't at their best, but had enough to get by the Vikings (6-17, 1-12), who have now lost eight straight., Okay, I have to admit it. For the second straight show I got tears in my eyes. It was "Meeting Across the River" on Wednesday. Tonight it was "Racing.", The dancers will dedicate their performance to Nikki., "We've got to circle the wagons," Carlisle said. "We've got to the get the wheels back on the wagon.", Shattenkirk had one goal and two assists and plus-3, making him a team-high plus-25., With the Suns down 91-89 and 3:26 left, Nash had the ball stolen and fouled Mathews out of frustration, sending him to the line to push Portland’s lead to four. A few possessions later Nash put up a nine-footer that he drilled all game long, but he left it short, failing to cut the lead to two., Borkowski said the Vianney administration hoped to pin down a baseball coach who could also handle the math courses Bieser was slated to teach., John Tree, "I also pray that you guys tell the truth in every aspect of this case because that will be the only thing to set you free," Ashlee Senser wrote. "It will be the only thing to save our family. The truth.", Another of her focal points is "doctored." Though she describes herself as "not a tattoo person," she had an idea to tattoo the bones of her back, atop the bones of her back. "I'm telling this to my sister, who's an art person (Sarah is gallery manager at Regional Arts Commission), and she was like, 'What don't you just make art with it instead?'", Resident John Seborowski took issue with the resolution saying T&M Vice President Dominic Carrino had donated $400 to Vega’s campaign fund, which violates the city’s pay-to-play law., In December, Vigor announced it had purchased Todd Shipyards Corp., with shipyards in Seattle, Everett and Bremerton., Per tablespoon: 41 calories, 1 g protein, 7 g carbohydrate, 2 g fat (1 g saturated), 2 mg cholesterol, 1 mg sodium, 1 g fiber., Oregon shot 50 percent from the field and got 18 points from Olu Ashaolu to pull within four, 51-47 at halftime. But there's no way the Ducks, who averaged 73 points per game coming into Sunday, could keep up the pace, right?, After a heated debate, the county's board of supervisors voted 3-2 to ban new contracts with Arizona-based companies and review those that could be canceled. The county has more than $26 million in contracts with Arizona companies this year., Under the compromise, the church would delay its plans to tear down the three houses it owns at 818, 820, and 824 North Biltmore Drive. The church would tear down a condominium building it owns at 825-827 Hanley Road and put a 62-car parking lot there. In exchange, congregants and church visitors would get additional street parking in the Davis Place residential neighborhood on weekdays and Saturdays. (Neighbors are not opposed to Sunday street parking for the church.), Gas pump prices rose again on Friday, reaching a national average $3.594 per gallon, according to AAA, Wright Express and Oil Price Information Service. A gallon of regular is up 4.4 cents from a week ago. It's still about 39 cents below the three-year high reached in early May. A year ago drivers paid 87.7 cents per gallon less, on average., Sometimes, records show, the company didn't provide documents until shortly before a trial, even though opposing attorneys had been seeking the documents for years., The city restored pavement torn apart for utility work where Silsby meets Miramar Boulevard, returning the two-lane road to . . . well, two lanes at the neighborhood intersection. Road Rant requested the repair after the hole in the road sat for more than two months., Yet Oregon's overdose numbers are up -- 53 more dead in 2011 than in the year before, with more of the victims than ever in their 20s and 30s. And nobody can quite say why., Sen. John Marty's amendment, which passed 36-30, states that "Nothing in this act shall be construed to preempt, override, or waive any charter provision, including any provisions requiring a referendum on professional sports facility financing.", Former NFL quarterback Kurt Warner responded to Bush directly by tweeting: "Unfortunately it's not about the violence, but the intent & integrity of game that goes with it!", Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi will face one count each of domestic violence battery, child endangerment and dissuading a witness, said the source, who would only speak on the condition of anonymity. The source did not say when the charges would be filed., The Denver Medical Examiner's Office today released the name and cause of death of a woman found dead Saturday morning in a southwest Denver apartment., _ Growing supplies: Saudi Arabia and other OPEC members are pumping more oil. Energy companies are employing cutting-edge drilling technology to ramp up production across the globe. World oil supplies grew on average by 1.35 million barrels per day in the first quarter, and producers should easily meet demand in the coming months., Meanwhile, major oil producers like Saudi Arabia already have cranked up production to make up for lost Libyan oil. While this increases the flow of oil right now, it also cuts off spare production that could have been tapped later this year to meet increasing world demand. Spare production capacity, which was thought to be around 5 million barrels per day earlier this year, has since dropped to about 3 million barrels, Unnikrishnan said., "It should have never fallen into my son's hands, ever," Owens told KATU-TV in Portland., Dealer groups argue the closings could lead to thousands of job cuts at a time when unemployment is at its highest level in decades. They also accuse the automakers of cutting some dealerships that were performing relatively well. The House has passed legislation that would force GM and Chrysler to restore the closed car lots. The Senate has yet to take up the legislation., 2 cups fresh cranberries, halved., CLEVELAND, Ohio — A recently deceased Ohio autoworker convicted of Nazi war crimes should have his U.S. citizenship restored because the American government withheld potentially helpful material, his attorneys said., He knows. He's been there before. We've all seen it. There were a lot of stadium staffers and fans walking around after Friday's game going, "Another trip to Pasadena, not bad at all." But it won't feel complete unless Oregon can finally become a closer and finish a football season the way top-tier football teams do., Michael Drulis of the New Jersey Society for Environmental Economic Development, a union- and business-backed group, supports the testing., He used first-hand anecdotes to point out what he described as the building's deficiencies as he and a visitor recently weaved past case files stacked chest-high in hallways, offices, even former coat closets., Renzi's first initiatives included cleaning up the main station plaza; extending opening hours at the Palazzo Vecchio and the city's handsome new central library until midnight; and, in the museums he controls, installing baby-changing rooms and ATMs. Small steps but symbolic., <U+0093>She can't wait for C.J. to get home,<U+0094> Gillian said, <U+0093>and when C.J. is around nobody else matters.<U+0094>, Republicans were giving as well as they got., Trailing 3-2, but looking forward, Portland must win Saturday's Game 6 against the Edmonton Oil Kings at 6 p.m. at the Rose Garden if the Winterhawks are to keep their hopes of a league title and a trip to the Memorial Cup alive., Year formed: 1997, On the girls side, senior Jackie Mink and junior Sophia Popov lead the way, with seniors Katie Hodge, Liz Hodge, Maggie McCarthy and Taylor Meyer rounding out the top six. Like the boys, the girls have yet to run at full strength in a varsity meet., Tebow won nationwide attention by praying on the sideline and delivering fourth-quarter miracles. But he never gained the complete trust of Elway, mainly because it's hard to place complete faith in a young quarterback with a 47 percent completion rate to lead his team to a championship., -- Decide what style of meal you want to have. Will you plate individual servings in the kitchen, have a buffet or serve everything family-style?, The difficulty was deciding which of these fillings to make for the first night of Hanukkah. To help, I invited several neighbors over for a tasting. This proved to be fruitless, because they each preferred a different one. "Make them all," they said, laughing. And thus the idea of serving a different pastry on each of the eight nights of Hanukkah was born., But in his youth he also dabbled in other interests. In high school, Grebel and a band of five schoolmates created short films., No tomorrow, "When the assassins saw him fall, they tore out of there," said the boy, who declined to give his name for safety reasons., Members range from two years old called Legacy and become active at the age of eighteen,some of our members have been members for over sixty years., Anybody special? Maybe this will be the year the Colts finally do something in the return game., The report acknowledged that even if the system had kicked in properly, the tsunami damage may have been so great that meltdowns would have happened anyway., Elway ran less, certainly in part because he was older, but he was also wiser, playing in an offense that protected his well-being in the pocket as well as enhanced his ability to throw from there., Oakwood Boulevard and Selby Lane, 9:56 a.m.: A 39-year-old man was cited for driving without a license and his vehicle was towed., That may be wishful thinking. Groups opposing Emanuel's original plan continue to call for a 61/2-hour day, and with another round of budget cuts looming, some question whether CPS has the money to support a seven-hour day., Meanwhile in Philadelphia, Hawes is the "brightest of bright spots" for the 76ers, the Philadelphia Daily News' Bob Cooney writes. Hawes, Cooney writes, was booed last season, but is averaging 12 points, 12.5 rebounds and 4.0 assists, and shooting 67.6 percent from the field while keeping himself out of foul trouble., I would not change my advice for the teacher last week, but I have a bit of advice for those who agree with the tone and tenor of your comments. No matter what you believe should happen, or what political viewpoints you have, today is still today. Today, you have a set of students that you are still charged with serving. Advocate for your positions outside of the classroom. Believe what you will, but today, serve and teach who is before you, all of them., She needs to expand her friend circle. Married friends are good for setups, but they've been out of the game so long, they might lack sympathy for singles' woes., From Rockaway, Aidan Pinto swam the W11-12 200 Backstroke in 2:38.31 and from Rockaway Twp, Stephanie Harris blazed in the W13-14 50 Freestyle in 26.36., This time, the DEQ is supposed to make a decision by May 7. The agency told NorthernStar that it could withdraw and resubmit again. Otherwise, the absence of information "will likely lead to a denial of certification.", Tomorrow night is the AT&T Cotton Bowl. Then on Saturday, the BBVA Compass Bowl, Sunday the GoDaddy.Com Bowl and finally Monday the AllState BCS National Championship! But today nothing! What network genius forgot to schedule a bowl game for Thursday January 4th? What were they thinking! Heck after five commercials about tanning and energy shots I would have taken the 2012 Five Hour Energy Hawaiian Tropics Snookie Bronzer Bowl over this!, "The library facilitates a need for space and building communities," Brown said. "The library is a neutral player, a place where people can gather to discuss ideas and issues.", When the weather is warmer, Drouin cranks up his sno ball machine. That’s New Orleans-speak for snow cones., Defenders of the cross say it serves as a symbol of sacrifice and a memorial to honor the nation’s fallen soldiers dating back to World War I. In 2006, Congress moved to take possession of Mt. Soledad and its cross to preserve the war memorial., Two members of the local band, Bern and Brights, will make a special appearance at the event and Carlo’s Bakery will donate a cake., After finishing at UC Santa Barbara, he moved to Lodi in the early 1980s, started growing grapes, then started making his own wine in 1994 and finally had his first commercial crush in 2007. McCay's love for managing small batches extends into the winery, where he portions his fruit into bins that hold a few hundred gallons at most., "We can rise above this," she said., Of course, few teams stay the same from one year to the next., The Mayfield girls were 10th with 27 with Brush in 13th with 15.5. Host Stow won the meet with 108.5., 3300 Cobb Parkway, Atlanta. 770-690-0555, hokiatlanta.com., Mike Vrabac is general manager of KSHB and KMCI, which is carrying Live Well. His employer, E.W. Scripps Co., also owns cable channels HGTV and Food Network. He sees multicast channels such as Live Well as a decent cable-lite substitute for families on a budget., Tedesco, 43, was suspended after cops compared the neighbor reports with GPS records from his squad car. They showed at least 57 visits, sources said., Until last week, the only concrete information the public had from the Dimora conversations recorded by the FBI were snippets transcribed in affidavits and charging documents. The government did not include complete conversations in any of the documents, I have discovered one of the Valley's best drinks., She believes that a great birthright has slowly been allowed to erode – a birthright that she, though too modest to acknowledge, had a significant hand in helping to form and preserve., Hofstra vs. North Carolina, 1:30, ESPNU, The new facility is expected to top the almost $340,000 in annual sales that the old shop produced., Perez sang Countess Almaviva in the Ravinia Festival's 2010 semi-staged production of Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro.", Some grocers and seafood markets sell frozen lobster meat. That's the easiest way to get it for this dish. Alternatively, ask for a 1 1/4-pound lobster at the grocer and have them steam it for you while you shop. That size lobster should produce about 4 ounces of cooked meat., CLEARWATER — Summer may be knocking on our door, but for Tampa Bay Bucs quarterback Josh Freeman and 13-year-old Michael Garrison, it was a Winter's day., Following is the complete schedule for the American Music Masters salute to Aretha Franklin. Unless otherwise noted, events are free and will be held in the Rock Hall's Foster Theater., Colorado represented at triathlon trials. A dozen triathletes, including seven who train in Colorado, will compete for spots on the Olympic team this week at the ITU World Triathlon in San Diego., Romney is largely considered the runaway favorite in the second contest, which is the January 10 New Hampshire primary. Polls there show Romney, who governed neighboring Massachusetts, with a large lead., Last start: Third, Florida Derby., But we can't do it if we keep thinking parochially. We can do it if we as a region stop thinking small time and start thinking big and bad and glorious and out of the box. It's time we stopped looking at the region as a doughnut with the city as a great big hole in the middle., The Big River is more popular with fishermen than canoeists because of its slow current. The stretches above and below Washington State Park provide nice scenery, and the smallmouth bass fishing in management zones is among the best in the Ozarks. Canoe rentals in Bonne Terre., Air pollution has a similar effect on blood vessels as cigarette smoke, Michael Brauer, an environmental health scientist at the University of British Columbia in Canada told Reuters Health. But, unlike cigarette smoke, air pollution is something to which everyone is exposed., Q: What are some of the Southside prom themes in recent years?, Fannie has received about $116 billion so far from the Treasury Department, the most expensive bailout of a single company., By the time Seattle, picking 15th, picked unheralded West Virginia defensive end Bruce Irvin, it became obvious that, unless Smith screwed up and picked someone Mel Kiper never even heard of (always possible), he was going to get a pass rusher., Easy to say, perhaps, for a globe-trotting executive who spends much of his time on airplanes., Besides his work with his brother, Mr. Byrd also backed visiting musicians on Washington-area club dates, including saxophonist Coleman Hawkins, pianist Mose Allison and singer Jimmy Witherspoon. After his brother's death in 1999, Joe Byrd led his own trio and recorded several albums, including "Basically Blues" and "Brazilian Nights.", "We're not going to let that bill go through, I guarantee you that," Quinn said., In better times, they've offered a flying car, a submarine, a custom-fitted medieval suit of armor and even an adult-size mermaid suit. During the 1970s recession, Reeder said the catalog contained optimist and pessimist fantasy gifts. The latter was a real-life Noah's Ark, complete with two of various species and a chef for $588,000., Hernandez, dubbed by fellow Von's employees as "Gentle Ben," will take a cross-country trip this fall to stay with friends and family. He has five children, 18 grandchildren and three great-grandchildren sprinkled around the country., “When you think of Fred it’s even more unfair,’’ said Weddel., Junipers, Environmental, fishing and beach access groups say they don't trust the Environmental Protection Department to protect the public's right to get onto ocean, bay and river beaches. They fear the state will allow towns to side with wealthy oceanfront homeowners who want to keep outsiders away., -- The Bosh thing seems somewhat fishy. You don't call in sore for a game like this. There has to be some sort of malady there., That grew out of a desire to take advantage of infrastructure already in place, which keeps costs down, and rejuvenation of many urban centers as attractive places to live and visit., Allen last appeared at the Oscars in 2002, to introduce a short film about New York, following the Sept. 11 attacks., "I am pleased to announce that Rochelle Hendricks, New Jersey's Secretary of Higher Education, has approved the College’s application for university designation," President Eugene J. Cornacchia said in an email to students., Starting next Friday evening, one lane in each direction of the Jones Falls Expressway near 29th Street will be shut down for up to a month while crews make emergency repairs to clogged and collapsed drainage pipes., "Proponents of this legislation have repeatedly said that the new law provides a tool for local law enforcement, but I don't really believe that that's true or accurate," Harris said at an April 30 news conference. "We have the tools that we need to enforce laws in this state to reduce property crime and to reduce violent crime, to go after criminals that are responsible for human smuggling, to go after criminals that are responsible for those home invasions, kidnappings, robberies, murders.", The women won the sprint medley relay, the 400-meter relay and the 1,600-meter relay. The men won the 400-meter relay, the distance medley relay and the 1,600-meter relay in the 118th running of the famed track and field meet., If a left tackle who is an excellent value is available at 19, I'd have no problem if the Bears selected him. I don't suspect that will be the case, however. There probably are three offensive tackles worth taking that high -- Matt Kalil of Southern Cal, Riley Reiff of Iowa and Jonathan Martin of Stanford. My hunch is all three will be off the board by the time the Bears pick, and better values will be available at other positions. The Bears' swing tackle in 2012 very well could be Chris Williams, or, if Williams wins a starting offensive tackle job, the swing tackle could be Webb. Either way, at this point it looks like Williams is moving back to tackle., Gomez has been the Indians most impressive starter this spring. He has allowed three runs in 19 2/3 innings in six appearances., Since marriage equality became a hot-button issue, a growing number of African-American ministers, both straight and openly gay, have weighed in with support for our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters and elevate the message that we are all children of the creator. Where there is love, there is God., For a state dominated by Democrats, this is a rarity that GOP voters should savor. In years past, Maryland's primaries have either been lumped with too many bigger states (we were the Mr. Irrelevant of Super Tuesday), or held too late to make a difference. Competitive moments in GOP primaries of years past have been fleeting things., "People just thought much more in the dark ages back then," said Larsson, who founded the Lovaas Institute Midwest, an autism treatment center. "Psychiatrists would tell you: Put your son in a hospital and don't tell anybody they exist.", Volcanic activity mostly has waned since beginning in earnest June 26, 2000, and residents of the island began returning five years ago. However, emissions of volcanic gas continue and damage caused by eruptions still can be seen in parts of the island's landscape., Obama said the nation is not doomed to endless gridlock. He said he continues to differ with Republicans on extending tax cuts to millionaires, even though he signed a compromise law that does so., The blood test is expected to further reduce the number of women who undergo amniocentesis to confirm a Down syndrome diagnosis. Most women already decide against the invasive test, which requires the extraction of amniotic fluid from the uterus, in part because of an estimated 1 in 500 chance of miscarriage., One day last June, curator Wendy Kaplan, head of decorative arts and design at LACMA, had just lamented about a big hole in her department's Arts and Crafts collection when she received an e-mail message with an offer to fix the problem., But even as nine other states were holding caucuses or primaries, both Romney and Santorum focused their energies on the Buckeye State in the final days. Some polls had shown Santorum ahead of Romney by double digits as recently as mid-February, before Romney began to close the gap. Final public surveys had it a dead heat, just as it appeared tonight., But the previously unknown, "atypical" versions of mad cow disease are raising new questions., 48855 Barola Ct., $95,000, 2) Can the Nuggets push the pace? Missed shots and turnovers are the main ways the Nuggets are able to push the pace down opponents' throats. Long rebounds are their friends, bad shot selection leading to out-of-position players is even better. The Nuggets' ability to run and get the score up over 100 is paramount to their success., At the same time, city engineers are moving ahead with the plant's design to meet an April 1, 2014, deadline. The timeline is so tight, bureau administrator David Shaff has a clock on his desk ticking off the seconds., Another prominent attorney, Gloria Allred, said it was likely that whatever settlement Schwarzenegger reached with the woman required that she never discuss the relationship publicly., "Most of us think no, that the Senate is completely within its legal authority not to even hold a hearing on this nomination," said Robert Williams, associate director of the Center for State Constitutional Studies at Rutgers Law. "And I don’t think anybody could make them do it.", They're familiar stereotypes: the super-intense soccer mom, the dad who loses his temper at pee-wee football games., North nuggets, "It's going to be very, very difficult to resolve their problems," he said of the euro zone countries, but he insisted they would do so eventually., OL: Kyle Jackson, Hammond senior, And so, the deal was sealed. Manning has a five-year, $96 million contract and plans to retire in Denver. The Broncos, meanwhile, have some protection in the way the contract was formulated. There's no signing bonus. Manning will get $18 million guaranteed for next season, but must pass a physical before each season, starting in 2013, to get paid., Every chance she had, she went to hear live music, from all of the concerts at St. David’s Church in Roland Park to weekday concerts on the music pier at the beach and those wherever else we travelled. She took us to most of them. My grandmother took her on season tickets to Eugene Ormandy and the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra when they performed regularly in Baltimore. I sometimes went reluctantly as a teenager, when Motown was my music of choice., Valladolid, Paul Venn, president of client services with Team Detroit, Ford's advertising agency, said customers in a major electric vehicle market are aware of the car., And so, even as pink ribbons have proliferated, even as breast cancer has become polite dinner table conversation, the actual lived experience of women with advanced disease — women like Rachel Cheetham Morro — has been pushed to the margins., All three players issued apologized on Friday, with the fines imposed split between two charities., On the injury front, receiver Josh Huff was present but again mostly a spectator., oNo matter what, it seems that texting is the new normal., Because a few seasons ago, the OSU coach made it clear that he wouldn't stand for nonsense inside his program. He responded to the drunk-driving/stolen-sheep arrest, an assault of a National Guardsman, and the taxi-cab incident with an announcement of clear and concise expectations from his players., Are you emotional about this, being as close to Joe Paterno as you are?, The announcement follows a similar contract fight a year ago with CVS Caremark Corp. that was eventually resolved., Looney will not be a full participant in the camp due to a Lisfranc foot injury he sustained at the Senior Bowl in January., Or even homemade options like the Alfredo potato recipe I got from a certain local legislator (thank you, Mr. Speaker)., Obama agreed to exempt the first $5 million of a deceased person's estate, and to tax the rest at 35 percent. Congressional Democrats had expected a 45 percent tax rate on anything above $3.5 million. Without congressional action, the estate tax will revert to an even higher rate: 55 percent on estates valued above $1 million. That should have strengthened Obama's hand when negotiating with Republicans, Van Hollen said., But here are a few things about the new iPad that disappointed me:, Spying the dodo, naturalist Charles Darwin ("Chuck" to the Captain; the Captain also calls the diabolical villainess Queen Victoria "Vicky") plots a kidnapping so he can present his finding to his peers and win his own share of glory., Scott relies upon secrecy and technicalities., But it didn’t just show up in a mixed-martial-arts cage., Trustee Lawrence Oliver has been pushing for the school to hire its first African-American coach in a major sport. For that reason, he was one of two trustees who voted against new football coach Tim Beckman's contract., “I’m excited to see our riders compete in Stanford,” said Christi Brown, Rocky Mountain College’s equestrian studies instructor and IHSA team coach. “Our girls have been working hard and peaking at the right point to bring their ‘A game’ to zones. I’m delighted to have these girls representing RMC.”, Lincoln gained his second major-league win by augmenting his fastball with a split-finger pitch against lefthanded bats and a slider against righties. After scoring 13 runs in the series' first two games, the Cardinals advanced only two runners to third base and looked "a little flat" in the estimation of right fielder Lance Berkman., A goalie for numerous teams, Spencer admired Patrick Roy, the superstar goalie of his beloved Colorado Avalanche, and coached his own horde of 4- and 5-year-olds, who invited him to their birthday parties. Hockey so dominated his teen years that one of his memorials was held at Skatetown in Roseville, Calif., where his jersey, No. 33, is being displayed., Shurmur: "I think that what you do is, you pick them, you bring them in, you work with them and then you confirm what you thought and then you move forward. I think there are always some surprises. Who would have predicted that Jason Pinkston would have played every snap, picked where he was a year ago? That is why you pick the guys you like, that you think can make your club at the positions you pick them at. Now that we have chosen these guys, and there is reasons why, once we get them here and work with them, that is probably a much better question now, after we go through some of the practice time here in the spring.", But you can make your own with a great recipe from Saveur., The MacKenzies' solution was a man cave in their Eatontown, N.J., home. Mr. MacKenzie heads to the spare bedroom after work to watch TV and leave as many empty soda cans as he likes. Ms. MacKenzie decompresses with her blog, The Hubby Diaries, and sees humor in the arguments they sometimes have., "Hypocritical Christians.", The 'You Da One' singer - who was recently linked to Ashton Kutcher and ex-boyfriend Chris Brown - says if a guy smells good she is more likely to give them a chance than if they just look good., Highlights: At Sitcom, beds priced from $250; coffee tables from $75; pillows from $10; dining chairs from $45; and sofas from $299. Hebi's collections (some with Asian influences) include wall art (starting at $50); lacquer sculptures starting at $30; hand-painted bowls and trays in lacquerware starting at $45 and hand-carved stone boxes starting at $15., I always was aware of how much television my children consumed. I limited it to not more than two hours a day, made sure the programs were age-appropriate and got them outdoors to play on a daily basis., The theater is modeling its efforts after Cinema 21, which serves alcohol but is still friendly to all ages., Now that we have reached the he-said she-said stage of this failed relationship, I have no doubt that Albert is sincere and has convinced himself he was not given the respect he deserved from the Cardinals., I know a physicist who loves his work. People mistake his constant focus and thought with unhappiness. But he's not unhappy. He's busy. I bet when he dies, there will be a book on his chest. Happiness is a treadmill of a goal for people who are not happy by nature. Being an unhappy person does not mean you must be sad or dark. You can be interested, instead of happy. You can be fascinated instead of happy., Crime emerged as a major issue in early January following the brutal murder of bartender John Henderson as he finished his shift at The Standard on Memorial Drive. His death mobilized neighborhood watches and community groups and led directly to the formation of Atlantans Together Against Crime, a grass-roots effort that sought to end police furloughs., The Answer: Yes. You'll need proof from the people who haul away your old appliance or from wherever you take your old appliance that it's being properly disposed of and recycled. You'll need to mail this in with your receipt., Stillman, who is CEO of Summit Distributing in St. Louis and has been minority owner of the team since 2007, heads a list of local investors who will pay an estimated $130 million for the Blues, the Peoria Rivermen of the American Hockey League and 'significant interest" in the Peabody Opera House., According to Port Authority spokesman Steve Coleman, two police officers attempted to stop the 1994 Jeep Cherokee at around 6 p.m. after it made an illegal lane change beyond the toll plaza on the Jersey City side. At one point, Coleman said, one officer "felt threatened" as the driver allegedly attempted to use his car as a weapon. The vehicle dragged one officer about 15 feet as it made for the tunnel., According to Maricopa County Superior Court records, neither Kurth nor her husband has faced any criminal charges on either matter., Speaking of those other teams, Kroenke's sports empire includes the Rams, the NBA's Denver Nuggets, the NHL's Colorado Avalanche and the London-based Arsenal squad of the English Premier League. He had hoped to add the Dodgers to that list, but the team announced Tuesday night that a group including Magic Johnson was the winning bidder., ESSEX COUNTY -- The outcomes of two close races in Essex County -- a Board of Education seat in Newark and the approval of the Nutley school budget -- may change later this week after the four county Board of Elections commissioners scrutinize provisional ballots., Chinato, That's what Wittek and Kessler discovered last month when they opened spring practice as veterans alongside third-year sophomore quarterback Jesse Scroggins, who has been sidelined because of a hip injury., WASHINGTON -- The curtain apparently has come down on Motor City Madman Ted Nugent's recent jam with members of the U.S. Secret Service., "As for the personal questions you raised, I do not see how they are relevant to my opposition to Prop. 29 or my involvement as an unpaid volunteer with No on 29," she said., She promised to do that and then promptly hitched a ride with the record execs. She got caught in a massive rain storm, slipped down a hill in ankle-deep mud, retrieved her red glasses, put on a backup poncho and soldiered on. She would not be denied Blind Melon, Metallica, Aerosmith or Nine Inch Nails., Republicans who supported the bill dismissed those concerns., "He's beholden to no specific stakeholder," Blackwell said. "He's a great listener, intellectually curious and able to listen to diverse views.", Anyone with information was asked to call Silent Witness at 480-948-6377., The additional 22,000 square feet in a back corner of the show floor makes up the home of ZF Group, Denso and Pure Michigan., FUGITIVE ARREST: Police arrested a fugitive at 12:31 p.m. April 24 during a traffic stop at Interstate 44 and South Lindbergh Boulevard., But Colvin just beat out Jack Wilson's relay throw to first, allowing Todd Helton to score the tying run., Both aspiring singers spoke with the Post-Dispatch on Friday., As Albright puts it:, We've all seen the TV news reports on obesity in the United States, fresh statistics from the latest study, read with professional detachment, while images of pudgy bodies cross the screen, their faces blurred or heads just out of the camera frame. It's been going on for years, as much a staple of TV news as the weather report., Well, I'm now happy to report (so people can stop asking me) that the store is scheduled to open in April. It will hold a grand opening on April 21 and 22, but there will be a "soft" opening a couple days earlier, according to a mall spokeswoman., Saul and Rogers will be honored for their service and dedication to youth sports on Friday at the Greater Bridgeton Sports Frolic at Gia’s Catering. They are just two out of 10 people that will be recognized. A portion of the proceeds from the event will go toward rebuilding the bleachers at Salvy Blandino Field., The Caribbean is much more than beach umbrellas and froo-froo drinks. Outside these cliche pleasures you'll find a history built on piracy, slavery and Rastafarians. The islands pleasures range from high peaks to beyond-green forests. The best budget islands to visit include the Dominican Republic, Jamaica and Aruba. <U+200B>, Mumeen Starks shot and killed Theo Stewart, 26, after an argument between Starks and Stewart’s cousin on April 18, 2008, said Paul Loriquet, a spokesman Essex County Prosecutor Paula T. Dow., He was preceded in death by his loving wife Emilie Ann Hernandez. He is survived by his sons Michael and Barney Hernandez Jr., both of San Jose, and Christopher Hernandez of Tulsa; daughter Laurie Ritchie of Parker, Colo.; grandchildren Matthew Harvey of Arizona, Katie Harvey of Colorado, Jonathan Hernandez of Mountain View, Christina Hernandez of Oklahoma and Justine Hernandez of San Jose; and great-grandchildren Madison, Noah, Emilie and Rayne., Cost: $20 in advance, $25 at the event, 4. Compare Baggage Fees, "It gives you a picture of 'what's right with me' and what your strengths are and helps you start to reframe how you look at yourself," Esser says., A major blunder in the office that manages risk for JPMorgan brought the focus back to the U.S. and it was troubling news from Wall Street that rattled indexes worldwide., "These old appliances are environmental time bombs," said Michael Dunham, JACO's director of energy and environmental programs. "However, by removing them from homes, saving them from landfills and safely recycling them, we create jobs, save money and reduce demand for resources and electricity.", Friday, August 12, “It’s casual, fun and a totally free affair,” said WMPA Vice President Lee Weatherby, who expects another good turnout., In one portion of the tape, Worrell says he spoke to “George,” presumably Mayor George Shivery, about a tax assessor visiting the Christ Presbyterian Church, of which Bass-Riley is the pastor., With it being uncertain that Congress would revive the payments nationally, DeFazio and the others have focused on the narrower issue of changing management of the O&C lands, which are only in Oregon., Top scores: William & Cheryl and Katherine & Mark. Bottom scores: Melissa & Maks and Gavin & Karina. I'd be shocked if those bottom scores aren't the bottom two tomorrow — tune in for this new dance duel twist tomorrow night., Of the nearly 310,000 Ohioans who collected unemployment checks for the week ending Aug. 21, about 60 percent were long-term unemployed -- those who have been out of work at least 27 weeks. Many show up at the Maple Heights food pantry., They have lost five games they led in the seventh inning. General Manager Jerry Dipoto is actively searching for relief help — “looking under every rock,” he said recently — but his most costly decision might have been during the offseason when he opted not to sign an experienced closer to replace Walden and move the hard-throwing right-hander into an apprentice role in the bullpen., MC10 says it makes high performance chips and sensors thin and bendable. That allows devices that were rigid to become wearable products., The price: $1,928 to $1,949, Interpol agent Louis Salinger (an uncharacteristically rumpled Clive Owen) uncovers a plot by a banking conglomerate to sell weapons to revolutionaries and emerging nations. Owen's Salinger plays like an international Columbo., 6 large dried apricots, finely chopped, There is a possibility that these products may contain small pieces of the black tray lining pad. All varieties of ground meat processed in the store on Tuesday are being recalled. All other meat products sold at ShopRite are not affected by this recall., Still, the temperate VIX reading worries some on Wall Street., In a less than shocking development, Barron believes golden retrievers and Labradors are probably the breeds best suited to the life of a therapy dog: "They were brought into this world to please people." That said, he describes his crew as "a smorgasbord of wonderful dogs" — from four Great Pyrenees, about 100 pounds each, to a 2.5-pound long-haired Chihuahua., Dusty Springfield's husky, white-soul voice fueled such 1960s hits "I Only Want to Be With You" and "Son of a Preacher Man." She embodied the British pop chanteuse, mastered American soul music and delivered a stunning run of classic hit singles., 4 garlic cloves, grated, In the documentary, Columbia University pediatric endocrinologist Michael Rosenbaum seems to say it all. Hunched over a spreadsheet with his colleague Dr. Rudolph Leibel, Rosenbaum explains: “You can talk about obesity prevention if you can sustain a lower weight here,” he says, jabbing a pen at a line on the chart. “But once you get here,” he shakes his head gravely, “it’s over with.”, The archives will hold personal papers, business documents, photographs, song manuscripts, posters and other items from rock's movers and shakers., Wednesday, Assembly Democrats said they support the cap and will vote on a tool kit — though not necessarily Christie’s exact proposals — by fall, mirroring the schedule set by the Senate., 2. "Battleship," $22.5 million., For them, the question is not "What if?" but "When?", He has launched an independent probe of the utility's response to the storm outages amid numerous customer complaints, including from South Windsor fire officials, who accuse CL&P of jeopardizing safety by failing to ensure emergency trucks had access to local roads., No testing is planned for New Jersey under the current proposal, but the state's waters adjoin Delaware's, which could be opened to testing., Later, Obama spokesman Jay Carney sought to pull back a bit on the president's remarks. Carney said Obama was acknowledging that more deficit cuts are needed but insists the debt ceiling vote cannot be contingent on upcoming negotiations., 7. What musical features the song "Maria," also called "How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?", "You want to have a good balance of the good bacteria in your digestive tract because it helps you sustain good health," YoCream's Gardner said., In recent weeks, hundreds of men have ventured out in public wearing fatigues and marching to step up pressure for the army's return and for $15 million in lost wages and pensions. Their newly visible presence, confined to small training camps, has led international diplomats to suggest that they bear an uneasy resemblance to a private militia. Some have been spotted carrying handguns., We arrived around 8 on a warm summer's night. Midtown's celebrated Tuli Bistro was abuzz with energy and, from the outside looking in, there was a magic to the whole thing., Bloomberg added, "Somebody has to lead and explain to the country why this is in our interest.", They got their start in the late '50s, singing on street corners in New York City., "No one wants to deal with them, because they're the hard cases," Jim Bassler, a commercial fisherman, told me. "The money goes to help people who want help and are easier. It's understandable. I don't look for the hardest fish to catch.", Matt Vensel, Baltimore Sun, Nick Furman earned his third win of the season for the Blue Devils. Anthony Bova blasted his third home run., "I assure you the costs of passing some of the bills that were before the committee would have cost far more," he said., 1. What country launched a nuclear-capable missile successfully?, Sen. Sherrod Brown, who co-sponsored the act, visited GrafTech to highlight the need for it., Q: Who is your favorite fictional hero?, Nickeas had the Mets' third hit in three innings off Lohse. He doubled to the left-center gap to put that whole inning in motion. The run was unearned against Lohse, who is making his final start before his opening night assignment in Miami., oOnce in, you will want to explore your surroundings because Windows 8, at least from most views, doesn't look at all like its venerable predecessors. At the heart of the new operating system is an attractive customizable user layout called Metro, which uses colorful, live, touchable tiles of different sizes on the Start screen rather than standard icons to display information. From this screen, you can see what the stock market is doing or get the weather. It reminds you of what is already on Windows Phones. The way Microsoft explains it, icons are yesterday's way of representing apps, tiles are the modern way., “In the first game, we couldn’t catch the ball,” Ford said. “We played some very poor baseball. Fearer pitched well. It was our worst series of the season. We had been playing very good baseball. I’m very disappointed.”, Guyota and his siblings were evaluated by the Portland school district and placed into classes at Jefferson. He quickly became close friends with Danny Mwanga, a Congolese student and star soccer player now in Major League Soccer. They were in the same English as a Second Language class., When I went to Kayak and reverse-engineered the specific dates and flights I got at Delgado, I could indeed match their price. But most of the time I couldn't. That's because many of the agencies are consolidators, meaning they negotiate discount rates with airlines on specific routes in exchange for a promise of volume sales., One of the best parts about March Madness is seeing teams and players that aren't exactly household names., As darkness fell, police cut electricity and gas to the building, then quietly closed in to wait out the suspect., District spokesman Marin Trujillo would not state the reason for Stewart's leave of absence, because it was a personnel matter. The East Bay Express reported it obtained 25 emails allegedly sent by Stewart to coaches, teachers and school athletic directors in the West Contra Costa or Napa district, where he reportedly previously worked., Family: Married, five years, <U+0095> Ed Lombardi, "It hasn't been proven to be a hazard, but it hasn't been proven to be safe," said Jeff Hallin, school board member., "Midnight in Paris," Allen's biggest hit in decades, was the filmmaker's first best-picture nominee since 1986's "Hannah and Her Sisters" and first directing nomination since 1994's "Bullets Over Broadway." With his 15th honor for original screenplay, Allen also extended his lead as record-holder for most writing nominations (Billy Wilder is second with 12)., Berman said he will tell potential jurors when jury selection begins next month that Clementi committed suicide, but that his former roommate, Dharun Ravi, is not charged with causing Clementi’s death., Parliament is expected to vote on the cuts and budgetary revisions early next week., Last Wednesday, the night Grant Achatz's Next opened on Fulton Market, a man who lives in the neighborhood came in as the last table was being served. He casually asked for dinner, said Nick Kokonas, Achatz's business partner, who found himself explaining the restaurant's policy to the man: With a few exceptions, you need to buy a ticket, purchased through the restaurant's website, to get a reservation. To be offered a ticket, you need to be on Next's email list. They began taking emails last spring., We have a different view. Here's the thing, we have a different view. Or maybe it's an assumption, I should say, not view. When I said in the campaign we are going to be transparent, I believe in the 11 pages I have handed you with nine months' worth of work throughout this city, that I am on my way to fulfilling that. You've walked in with a different assumption, well that may be nice but that's not what we want you to assume. And so maybe we have to deal with what the assumption was. What I said and what you think you heard back during the campaign. I believe I am fulfilling what I am doing. I'm not done., "At camp if I run the two 40 times that they want to see me run, then I'll have an offer from Mizzou," he said., How Do We Go?: On the job, if you’re a journalist — the film follows British reporters as an investigation of mysterious climate changes leads them to the really big story. Is it their last one? The top editor prepares two headlines: WORLD SAVED and WORLD DOOMED., It takes three to five weeks to see results. Ears and feet must be treated during this time with the appropriate medication, and the new diet must be utilized. Recurrence of the infection after changing food is usually due to someone cheating on the diet., Then at states, he capped it off with the dream scenario of a two-race sweep., I want to believe a lakefront fisherman will top the Illinois record (2-8.75), which was caught by Joseph Grega of Coal City on Jan. 5, 1974, from the old Arrowhead Club Lake in Will County, but I begin to wonder., McKay was a preferred BP pitcher for many of the Cardinals' star players, including Albert Pujols. The three-time MVP tried several times to convince McKay to join him at some All-Star Games for the Home Run Derby because he valued McKay's BP pitching., "This could be a stepping-stone to having Maryland be at least one of the centers of this new industry," said Tommy Landers, policy advocate for Environment Maryland., Irsay doesn't think Manning will play this season, Giants third baseman Pablo Sandoval left the game in the sixth inning with an injured left hand and will be re-evaluated Thursday. He was 0-for-2 at the plate and manager Bruce Bochy was asked if Sandoval's injury is a concern., 2. "South Pacific" -- because it's perfect, oThe new version of FCP X is still missing some baffling things. The most notable: for a program that wants to appeal to consumers, why would you still not offer the ability to create chapter menus on DVDs? (Which was possible on Final Cut 7.) Apple offers a workaround by doing it in the $49.99 add-on Compressor, which lets you save videos in different formats, but come on guys - how hard can this addition really be?, This is the same argument Mal Nesheim and I used in our book, "Feed Your Pet Right." If American pets were not fed byproducts of human food production, they would need the equivalent of food for 42 million people., Pebble Beach evokes a different side of the Old Course - that incomparable feeling of playing at the nation's home of golf., 2816 N Halleck St ; 1,536 square feet; $179,900, In more than half of U.S. housing markets, the rent yield is over 10%. That's a gross yield; buyers should subtract for things like taxes and maintenance. But even so, buyers in most markets will end up with yields of over 5%. That's a pretty good deal at a time when 10-year corporate bonds of decent credit quality pay only 3%. And with the average 30-year mortgage rate sitting below 4%, financing terms are attractive relative to rent yields (for buyers who can get loans)., Griffin will be sentenced June 4. He is expected to receive a 26-year sentence for the murder and a concurrent five-year sentence for the assault., Epstein is the boy wonder who was brought in from Boston to remake the Cubs. Like many longtime fans, I view him with suspicion. What does he really know about us? Just because the team has not won a World Series in a few years does not mean it lacks tradition., He lay down., When McDonnell sacked most of the Virginia Port Authority board, state Transportation Secretary Sean Connaughton told reporters the governor was not happy with production at the agency. In part, the decision may have been influenced by politics — McDonnell is a Republican and the board was made up of appointees of his Democratic predecessors — but Connaughton also pointed to the port's performance., "As a defensive-thinking coach, it's pretty hard,'' Smith said. ‘‘Just look at the size of most corners. Most corners are under 6 feet. That's why we're pretty excited about how we've given our receiving corps a different look.", "We have worked together across party lines and focused on our priorities to get this done. And this is the way the Senate is supposed to work," said Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., after the Senate passed its bill last month., The Sept. 21 and 22 shows at MetLife Stadium conflict with another major music event taking place in the Garden State that weekend: All Tomorrow's Parties in Asbury Park. There is not likely to be too much overlap between the ATP audience and the Springsteen crowd, but the Boss has been reaching many younger listeners with "Wrecking Ball" -- which made its debut atop the Billboard 200 -- and his star turn at South By Southwest has helped re-establish him as a musician whose moves tastemakers cannot ignore. Don't be surprised if many ATP fans find themselves torn., The FARC killed at least 11 soldiers in a mid-March attack in Arauca near the Venezuelan border and the military responded with two precision bombings on rebel camps that killed more than 60 insurgents., Beaujolais Nouveau would also make a good entry wine for someone starting to drink dry reds. Although these wines are considered dry, they are fruity and might appeal to people accustomed to drinking semi-dry wines., The EPA asked the Fisheries Service to assess 37 pesticides, herbicides and fungicides for possible harm to fish. Today's ruling involved the first three. Rulings on the rest will come during the next 3 1/2 years., Neither Margulies nor his attorneys could be reached Tuesday for comment., Wilkerson said questions about the court's future were also prompted by a flurry of calls to City Hall in recent months from people complaining about outstanding traffic warrants dating as far back as 2003., Finally, it once again came down to Manning leading a winning drive., It's Bazaar at the Bar -- at the Reddstone, 1261 West 76th St., Cleveland., -<U+FFFD>Greater Phoenix Pond Society: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. May 7. Every year, area pond enthusiasts organize a free educational tour of their creative residential water features. Visit koi ponds, goldfish ponds and waterfalls with lush plantings. For maps and information, visit phoenixponds.com., "She achieved a shimmering effect not through gelatinous materials, but quite the opposite," said E. Michael Whittington, the museum's executive director, as he surveyed Fisch's sea creatures, which hang in a gallery with deep blue walls., "We're still pushing on that," said Rhode Island Sen. Jack Reed, chief sponsor of the Democratic bill. "But I also think I recognize if there is another proposal outside of going after the health care fund, we'll certainly listen.", b. Courts strike the measure down, or, 14-year-old Pooja Ghelani of Seattle, a dancer with the Jayanthi Raman Dance School in Beaverton who lived here until two years ago, frequently performs Indian dance for audiences. But she had never performed at a multicultural event like this before., The footage showed Baggins lost in Gollum's cave. Andy Serkis' portrayal of the strange creature known for his "precious" obsession and speaking in the third person is just as disturbing as it was in the trilogy, with Baggins forced to appeal to Gollum's love of games to survive., The Portland consulting firm ECONorthwest found that Oregon's hospitals are directly responsible for almost 60,000 full- and part-time jobs, and indirectly for another nearly 70,000., 4. Philip Welch, K, Wisconsin, There seemed to be no end in sight and no lack of fight in the protesters Monday in Civic Center., The Irvine Company, which owns and operates Fashion Island, announced in December renovations to its seven-screen multiplex. That was a surprise to organizers of the Newport Beach Film Festival, who were planning to screen the majority of their 300-plus films at Edwards Island Cinemas, as they have since 2000. Last year, more than 51,000 people attended Newport Beach film fest events, tying a record set in 2009., "It's great for students to get the chance to perform," music teacher Donna Berchtold said. "But we need to raise the money for the transportation to take them there.", "I just couldn't be silent anymore," he said. "I really hope they step back and look at the whole situation.", The European Central Bank could try to thwart that by issuing unlimited loans to banks. It has done that already, handing out more than (EURO)1 trillion in December and February. That calmed the crisis for a few weeks., "Brown shut down freeway construction in this state," Yorba Linda resident David Smith said. "I am a civil engineer, so I know what he did to this state because it cost us billions of dollars.", oYouTube shares ad revenue with folks who sign up for Google's AdSense program, which places ads all over the Web. When the performers start making lots of videos and attracting audiences, they can sign up for the YouTube "partner" program, which will give them a larger portion of the revenue., Throughout the housing downturn Nevada has had the nation's highest foreclosure rate. There, a law that went into effect in October requires that foreclosure documents must be filed in the county where a property is located and a lender must provide a notarized affidavit detailing their legal right to proceed., But Assistant U.S. Attorney Dustin Chao said without Friedlander’s involvement, there would have been no way to launder all the money Dwek had brought to the table., Cooney, 42, works in the Patrol Services Division in Hermiston. He has worked for Oregon State Police for 13 years. Mayer, 30, is assigned to the Fish and Wildlife Division, also in Hermiston. He has worked for Oregon State Police for seven years., Total compensation $68,488, Her fiance received a degree in communications from Missouri Western State University in St. Joseph. He is employed by the Great Rivers Council, Boy Scouts of America., "I'm 37, and I remember when gummi candy became popular in elementary school," she said. "Now, it's not just gummi bears, it's gummi worms and so many more flavors. They're constantly capturing a new audience.", Well I'm not running for president to conform to Washington's conventional thinking -<U+0096> I'm running to challenge it. I'm not running to join the kind of Washington groupthink that led us to war in Iraq -<U+0096> I'm running to change our politics and our policy so we can leave the world a better place than our generation has found it., Cisco's restructuring, which included Chambers firing thousands of workers last year and eliminating divisions such as the Flip video-camera unit, has made the company more focused and effective, Ader said. The company's plan to be more competitive on price has put pressure on rivals such as Hewlett-Packard Co. and Juniper Networks Inc., while its market dominance has let it tap long-standing relationships with corporations and service providers., "They came up and took some photos of my mom and sent them to Washington," said Sievers, 29, of Red Wing, Minn., The exhibit has been traveling the world since 2006, opening in Yad Vashem in Israel, the United Nations in New York, and synagogues, mosques, college campuses and Holocaust museums from Turkey to El Paso, Texas., Human Services handled about $72 million a year in state and federal grants for Head Start, home weatherization, food banks, job assistance and homeless shelters., But Gurney, in town to help promote the Chevrolet Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix June 1-3 and to sign autographs at Comerica Park, wasn't unhappy about his speed -- or lack of it., Lewis was moved to intensive care., Next year -- for the first time in at least seven years -- the monthly cost of Comcast's Internet service is going up, too., "While it’s early in the process of our new venture with the Aspire Group, we are very happy with the transition so far," said Tim Pernetti, Rutgers’ director of intercollegiate athletics., "But I'm trying to make some adjustments," he said. "I had a couple of tough at-bats tonight. I battled some guys and I'm happy where I'm going right now., She's Fein.Amanda Fein, senior vice president of Centennial Bank, was recently honored with the bankers of distinction award by the Colorado Bankers Association. The award recognizes outstanding community service., On May 18, Centennial High School's ceremony begins at 1 p.m., followed by Sunrise Mountain High School at 3 p.m. and Liberty High School at 5 p.m., Holliday often makes himself unavailable for comment when injured and can be difficult to locate after a strong individual performance. He admits being uncomfortable discussing himself in a strongly positive light. When sidelined, Holliday believes speaking roles best left to those on the field., Nemacolin Woodlands Resort and Spa, which operates a state-licensed gambling casino at Farmington, Fayette County, was certified by the U.S. Department of Labor to bring in 98 foreign maids and housekeepers, and 34 dishwashers, for the biggest H-2B workforce in the state., "If people are really moving away from public lands, who is going to protect them?" he asked., "We're focusing on improving (for-profit programs) rather than closing them. Students would be better off if their programs were stronger rather than closed down," said James Kvaal, a DOE official, during a conference call with reporters., I hate for the church to sound like a Grinch, constantly nagging and scolding and warning everyone not to get into the Christmas spirit until after the last Sunday of Advent is behind us. I'm not against baking cookies or visiting relatives or doing a little extra shopping in December. But we do need to be honest with ourselves and ask if perhaps our expectations of what is supposed to happen in this season might be taking the place of joyfully anticipating the unexpected., The Catonsville Men's Civic Association is among those groups., What: The Environmental Council of Sacramento is sponsoring an Earth Day celebration at Southside Park. Vendors from nonprofits, cultural groups and government will offer information, goods and services for living healthier and protecting the environment. Entertainment, activities and food also are planned, "We have the best gym in the area for this kind of thing," Pukala said., Sensitive matter: Motorcycles are getting noticed in North Olmsted., Photos: Starting early Thursday morning, heavy rains caused the Willamette and Clackamas rivers to swell. Creeks crested and sewers clogged, spilled water into roads and parks throughout Clackamas County., "Frankly, I had to battle it. You have expectations. I did recognize there probably was an expectation that I would be screaming 'ATTENTION MUST BE PAID!' And that's not the way it's written.", It just seems inevitable: The ESPNers have already dug out all the numbers that illustrate how the Knicks are far better without Amar’e than they are with him (irrefutable, at least statistically), and how Melo is more effective lined up at the power forward spot that Stoudemire was supposed to have nailed down for five years., Opinions differed Thursday among legal experts and state officials on whether the financial review team -- or Snyder -- could strike a consent agreement with Mayor Dave Bing and the Detroit City Council during those 10 days., Crested Butte Mountain Resort and Crested Butte Mountain Guides began offering winter ascents of the knife ridge, which usually is scaled only in the summer, this year. The route was first winter-tested for guests by the International Federation of Mountain Guides Association — certified guides at the venerable Crested Butte Mountain Guides outfit, several of whom are experienced in classic European winter ascents. The crew's guide-training on the ridge two years ago planted a seed., "The gross disparities that caused the court to intervene in the past do not exist," she said. "There is not the vast disparity in education funding between wealthy districts and the Abbott district.", In detailing the series of clinic visits, Planned Parenthood spokesman Stuart Schear last week assailed the undercover tactics., Tribune reporter Joe Germuska contributed to this report., "Teammates don't stay together that long, in any sport.", But talking in his neat, book-lined office on the Virginia Tech campus, Falco says he is no mobster. He has no criminal record and only hints at once having had a gambling habit. Ponies. Poker. "But I was never particularly good at it," he says with a laugh. "That's why I'm a writer.", The van is registered to the woman. Her name was not released., The mill will have fresh baked donuts and other baked goods for sale. For larger pies or apples, you<U+0092>ll have to wait until the fall., "I told him, 'That win was for Noelle, not for you,'" Ringhausen said., "She is still with us," she said. "That is the important thing.", "It was weird that he didn't mention it. It struck me as odd," Rice said. "The structured deficit is still $32 million. I guess he will be bringing us a balanced budget.", Unlike general elections, when candidates of various parties appear on a voter’s ballot, primary elections are for members of a specific party to choose which candidates from that party will advance to the general election. For example, only those who request a Republican ballot for the March 6 primary will get to cast a vote for one of the Republican nominees for president., The only reason the report saw the light of day was because federal lawmakers had the foresight to require an audit of the use of so-called national security letters before considering whether to reauthorize the Patriot Act., Brides are going for longer locks and updos, Weisend says, but there's a huge distinction between prom 'dos and wedding 'dos. For weddings, brides are wearing their hair up but not as high on the crown of the head. Most hair is being tied down in the back., oStrength: You either love opera or hate it, but the lovers have been supportive of Chris' trained voice. "I felt so accepted. I got voted through every time.", Adding to the synergetic magic are members of Bay's artistic team, including set designer Ken Sheats, who creates a cozy late-19th-century New England home. Kelley moves about convincingly as Dickinson, beautifully dressed in an immaculate white, pleated gown created by costume designer Christina McAlpine., "Let's bring in an expert, assess what is going on in the marketplace, look at the assets that the city and county have, and get recommendations about what we can do," said Chris Vein, senior adviser for technology to the mayor., oAs does Stricklin, the Mississippi State athletics director., Things he took for granted -- walking, exercising -- were all but impossible., Country B: See all the flabby humanoids driving to the 7-Eleven for a 64-ounce Super Big Gulp? The largest cities here have upward of 300 McDonald's, three times as many as all of Country A. Add in the Burger Kings, Taco Bells and KFCs. A third of adults are obese, and another third overweight. More than twice as many folks here have Type 2 diabetes. The disease -- also called adult-onset diabetes -- is even beginning to be reported among children, practically unheard of in Country A., Sophia Quintana: “The staff was the problem here! They ignored customers and acted like they were doing us a favor helping us.. If I were new owner I would take a hard look at rehiring the old staff!”, "They broke almost every rule that there was," he said., Despite such complaints, restaurant owners are standing behind their big tables., King maintained that Sodexo has not prevented Highland Park workers from unionizing and called the rally and strike a “campaign” by the Service Employees International Union 32BJ., This shop opened a year ago and serves classic savor or sweet French crepes, salads and sandwiches. For dessert crepes, choose the Exotic with toasted shredded coconut, melted dark chocolate, bananas and whipped cream ($7.50). The Pear ($7.75) comes with sliced pears and melted dark chocolate. Or, try the Grand Marnier Flamb<U+FFFD>e ($8.75), with orange syrup, sugar and Grand Marnier. Or, opt for a lush chocolate croissant ($2.75)., Ready to somehow try to top everything he did last year., DP World, based in United Arab Emirates, agreed in December to sell its U.S. ports operations to AIG Global Investment Group, following months of criticism that the UAE firm could not be trusted running the security-sensitive shipping apparatus., The past several months have been particularly tumultuous: In January, the agency was rocked when a plainclothes officer was fatally shot by fellow officers outside a nightclub. More than 50 officers have been implicated in a kickback scheme with a towing company, and this week, a veteran officer was indicted on charges that he led a heroin trafficking organization, including allegations that he dealt drugs while on duty — and on Police Department property. Murders and shootings are also up, albeit slightly., In June, the water is 40 degrees. But when we stop at the tiny village of Polovinka, three hardy passengers (including Register photographer Bruce Strong) jump in, becoming instant goose-bump colonies. I settle for dunking my feet, then wandering around the wooden houses and watching the local women fetch water from a creek running into the lake., The infant found in temperatures that had dipped into the low, "Ladies and gentlemen, this is a case about brutality and cruelty,'' Hestrin told the jury in his opening statement., The frustration of the evening flowed over into the postgame. Walker and Kuester were overheard in a heated exchange in the coaches' office, with Walker objecting to how he was being reprimanded, and Stuckey and Kuester had words when the coach met with the players about being ready to play no matter how long they've sat or what the circumstances involved., A bookstore like Press' is an integral part of the city's cultural fabric, Conner said., But it wasn't all luck. Tressel outfoxed Michigan's defense, calling the only quarterback option Ohio State ran all season in 2002 to win The Game., Peck testified before the House Transportation Committee on the second day of hearings into excessive spending at the agency's Las Vegas conference in October 2010 and on other travel., "We decided it wasn’t enough to just focus on the park," Hatfield said. "The species, the flora and fauna don’t recognize the boundaries (of the park) so we have to be working across that boundary, focusing on not just the public land but also the private land.", WASHINGTON — In President Barack Obama’s twin narratives, the United States is both leaving Afghanistan and staying there., Rutgers officials also canceled Sunday’s new student convocation at Rutgers Stadium in Piscataway., This seemed like a splendid idea to us and we were very curious. When we told our fathers of our plans they raised no objections. I guess they recalled their own boyhood days and considered going to a burlesque show a rite of passage., ARIES (March 20-April 18): A modest enterprise you've got going on the side is on the verge of taking off. It's worth re-doubling your investment of time and/or money., ATLANTA FALCONS, That Lugar — an establishment candidate if there ever was one — fell to a tea party-backed Republican made clear that the divisions within the GOP that were on display in 2010 primaries across the country had not yet healed., "MetroHealth will do its very best in meeting the additional demands placed on its trauma services by this change," Dr. Brendan Patterson, chairman of orthopedic surgery at MetroHealth, said Thursday. The hospital, he said, is sifting through data to see how many more patients it would have to care for and how many would be serious trauma cases., Tallman found a telephone number, and called Dumstorff and his wife and told them of the discovery. Then, he worked with Dumstorff's wife to plan a surprise assembly to reunite the man with his ring., November 2008: President Barack Obama is elected, and Democrats sweep both chambers of Congress, giving hope that a major immigration reform bill will be enacted. Obama had signaled interest in reform that included enhanced border enforcement, crackdowns on people who overstay their visa and employers who hire illegal immigrants and a path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants., K-12 public education is partially to blame. During the late 1960s, a sense emerged that the performance of high schools had declined — judging from the reasoning, English and math skills of college freshman, employers were probably right., Other underclassmen who will challenge include LSU's Tyrann Mathieu, USC's Matt Barkley and possibly Oregon's LaMichael James, if he returns to school., The numbers come from Ohio Democratic Party press secretary Justin Barasky in advance of the July 15 filing deadline for the last quarter's fundraising figures., Between five and eight specific requirements need to be met in order to be compliant with making a proper diagnosis, but no service branch was 100 percent compliant in 2008 or 2009, while it improved in 2010., "Whether or not we win in court, I want to win in the court of public opinion," said Gaylor. "This law is based on lies and bad history.", The study involved about 1,000 California children, ages 2 to 5. Nearly 700 had autism or other developmental delays, and 315 did not have those problems., Three cheers for President George W. Bush, Rick Santorum and the other Republican men who supported the partial birth abortion ban because unlike feminists, they know many men are not doing what is right for women and the unborn., "I've got this thing, and it's (expletive) golden.", Lakers coach Phil Jackson tried Artest on Dirk Nowitzki, but Nowitzki (24 points Wednesday) is almost unguardable by anyone, and Jackson added, "Ron has a penchant for sending guys to his left, which is Dirk's strongest point.'', oResetting Google Android smartphones to the original factory settings doesn't always work, Siciliano says. "On iPhones and iPads, we found little to no data; BlackBerry, same thing," Siciliano says. "Even when someone did a factory reset on an Android, we still found a tremendous amount of data.", Rising oil and other commodity prices pushed consumer prices up earlier this year, though that process has begun to reverse. The average price of gas rose to nearly $4 a gallon in May. But gas prices dropped a seasonally adjusted 3.1 percent in October., "Rep. Costello has been the leader on this issue of the maps and remapping and this bill is stronger because of his dedication and work," Waters said., 2003: The Bug, "Spiderella," "Ug Cuts a Rug", Even as several hundred Stanford fans celebrated the football team's biggest victory in decades, the welcome-home scene Tuesday had a surreal feel because of the uncertainly over the futures of coach Jim Harbaugh and quarterback Andrew Luck., At the same time, U.S. and Japanese forces launched a massive effort to locate the bodies of more than 16,000 people still listed as missing three weeks after the giant March 11 earthquake and tsunami., Police were looking for the car because a caller said the car had a man who was bleeding from his neck.The driver indeed was bleeding, but the wound seemed to be a scratch., Rudy Gay added 14 points for Memphis., Vasquez-Cruz was scheduled to be arraigned this afternoon on one count of first-degree sodomy, according to court records. First-degree sodomy is a Measure 11 crime that carries a mandatory minimum sentence of eight years and four months in prison. Under Jessica's Law for Oregon, if a victim is under 12 years old at the time of the crime, the sentence can be 25 years in prison., State Street said in a statement that it has upcoming lease expirations in a number of its Eastern Massachusetts locations. “We have been pursuing various options to meet our business and workplace needs. When appropriate, we will provide an update on our plans,” the company said., JUSTICE ALITO: Mr. Carvin, isn't there this difference between Justice Breyer's hypothetical and the law that we have before us here?, Not many Broadway prognosticators give much of a chance to “Nice Work If You Can Get,” the “new” musical comedy by those upstart Gershwin brothers starring a super-blasé Matthew Broderick, or “Leap of Faith,” a retooled version of the show that had its premiere at the Ahmanson Theatre in 2010 with Brooke Shields. Given the New York reviews, Shields was probably relieved she was chucked overboard and could no longer be branded as the weak link., For four years, Campagna watched as Chinese factory workers churned out aluminum products for Peerless. The company had outsourced those goods because it lacked aluminum dye-casting equipment and expected savings from China's reduced costs., TRACK AND FIELD NOTES: Other than Thompkins, the lone member of the girls coaching staff to return from last season is Deserea Brown. New coaches are Ben Bishop (throws) and Andrew Thierry (long and triple jump)., The Blazers were in control for the first half, leading for all but 36 seconds. The biggest lead was eight, but they could never pull away, and their 52-50 halftime lead felt precarious if not deflating., During her campaign, she proposed reversing the privatizations of large French companies such as telecommunications carrier France Télécom SA and power giant Electricité de France SA. She also put together a 12-step plan to exit the euro, under which the Bank of France would recover its prerogative to issue the national currency, the franc., "International expansion is on the horizon for them at some point," Juhan added. "But not this quarter.", Plybon was a 24-year-old farm boy from Missouri who had enlisted in the Navy immediately after Pearl Harbor. He was trained as an aircraft mechanic and assigned to the Bombing 8 squadron, where he worked on aircraft that included the Douglas SBD-3 Dauntless dive bomber, which could carry 1,200 pounds of bombs., Unannounced, I walk through the mammoth casino floor and enjoy the sights and gay xylophone sounds. I talk to some gamblers. (If you ask for permission to interview customers, as I later did, Harrah's handcuffs you to an "escort," and not the kind that advertises in the back of tabloids.), 1. Acidity. This lends tartness and is critical for supporting flavor, cutting the sensation of alcohol, and easing the pairing with foods., That sound logic is why we need to be careful about ascribing racial motives to what's going on in the Warehouse District. Race has little to do with the crowds of people who loiter in the street with no seeming destination but the street itself., But that cultural and economic diversity, along with the many social service agencies there, have entrenched divides and made the area hard to nurture commercially. Developers, politicians and power brokers have all tried. But none have had Jay's international Rolodex and surgical clarity to connect distinct interests and concerns., Most of their identities have not been made public. One of the most recent was a bystander: a 1-year-old Juarez girl who was crushed by a runaway pickup truck after gunmen killed the driver in an apparently drug-related hit., Westbrook threw 30 pitches, 15 of which were strikes. He walked a couple batters, and he fell behind in the count to a couple more. In several occasions, he was able to rally in the count by getting his sinker over the plate for a quick groundball. Two of his outs in the second inning came on grounders. Two of his six outs overall came on strikeouts., High school dropouts: The dropout rate in the C states is 16 percent lower than in the D states., Time and again the shot-clock would tick off to the final seconds only to see a Panther rise up and knock one down. On four straight possessions late in the first half, Kent's defense stymied Pitt for --most of the 35-second shot-clock, and the Panthers scored all four times, twice as the buzzer sounded. That turned a 25-22 Pitt lead into a 36-27 lead., Colorado tops the list with a 40 percent female legislature, while South Carolina is in last place at 9.4 percent. The national average is 23.6 percent., America's voting results will be revealed Tuesday, when the bottom vote-getters have last-chance performances for a shot immunity from their coaches., Other hits included chronologically are "A Bug's Life" (1998), "Monsters, Inc." (2001), "Finding Nemo" (2003), "The Incredibles" (2004), "Cars" (2006), "Ratatouille" (2007), "WALL-E" (2008), "Up" (2009) and "Toy Story 3" (2010)., Q school for the 2012 season was five months before Freeman's 50th birthday. Even if Freeman finished anywhere near the head of his class, he'd have to wait until April 15 - and miss five full-field events - before making his Champions Tour debut. He'd be spending the rest of the season playing catch-up in hopes of securing his card for the next season., You watch, we decide what: The TV in the first-floor cafeteria at the Ohio Department of Transportation headquarters in Columbus (1980 W. Broad St.) has been mysteriously changed from CNN to Fox News under the new regime of Gov. John Kasich., “There is no scientific consensus that power frequency, or electromagnetic fields, causes adverse human health effects, although we are aware some of our customers are interested in the subject,” May said. “We will continue to monitor EMF developments and address the EMF issue in a responsible manner.”, Berkowitz said the board had been discussing what to do with the damaged tennis court for a couple years., The shifting landscape of politics and public opinion over the past three weeks recalls the hysteria surrounding nuclear power in decades past, after incidents at Three Mile Island in 1979 and Chernobyl in 1986., But this is not about a fashion statement., ‘‘Whether the ball is in the air or on the ground, I should try my best to get a touch on it.'', Oregon fans know what I'm talking about. Wesley is close friends with former Ducks assistant Kenny Payne. They met while Payne was a player at Louisville. And when Payne was hired by former coach Ernie Kent, it wasn't long until the talent followed to Eugene. Detroit-area blue-chipper Malik Hairston chose Oregon over Michigan. In fact. Hairston told me, "I've known Wes forever," after I saw the then-sophomore at Game 3 of the 2006 NBA Finals babysitting Wesley's 4-year old son in a court side seat., Don Kelly entered the rightfield stands., he wanted to change careers., Now she was dead, the victim of what a deputy county attorney would later describe as a "random act of violence" and an "unforeseeable, unpreventable tragedy.", But it boiled over with six minutes left in the game when Villanueva, who had 26 points and 13 rebounds, mauled Anderson Varejao in the face for a flagrant-2 foul and an automatic ejection. Before the officials could step in, Ilgauskas did. Villanueva then grabbed Ilgauskas by the throat, and soon it became a minor fracas., "We use choir as a carrot," said Jackie Rose, the arts program director., The head injury had been evaluated at Madigan Army Medical Center at Lewis-McChord, Browne said, and the suspect had been found suitable for redeployment., To learn more, make a donation and participate in the event, visit www.am830.net., East Ridge 7, Liberty 5, Sunday, May 4, Cost: General admission is $35., As Cooper tells it, he first tasted mezcal in the 1970s while road-tripping through Mexico. On return trips to Oaxaca, where most mezcal is made, he sought out palenqueros, or mezcal makers, and collected rare bottles. But the spirit he loved was hard to come by in the U.S., so he started Del Maguey in 1995 to import it., Gibson was transported by LifeFlight to Legacy Emanuel Hospital & Health Center, according to Lt. Gregg Hastings of the Oregon State Police., Boehner asked Pelosi, a San Francisco Democrat who voted against the act, to join him in cutting the Justice Department's budget to compensate taxpayers for the cost of its defense., Tomlinson then split two free throws to make it 71-69, setting up Ashaolu's bucket and the final sequence., North Tech, requires Efron's loner Logan to explain to Schilling's bereaved Beth how a photo of her saved his life., It's not expensive, she says, noting that Walgreens can customize an apron with a photo for $14.99, and those coasters were $24.99. But the memories such items preserve, she says, are priceless. When her nephew died at age 22, "I got my sister a blanket with his picture on it," she says. "How can you beat something like that?, Burk is close to making his career dreams come true, but he lives on a lower salary, waits tables, lives with his parents and takes nursing-assistant classes at Glendale Community College. Eventually, Burk said, he would like to be a nurse., "They’re either ill-informed or they’re not telling the truth, and they know that they’re not telling the truth when they make the assertion," Reed said. "So I would be respectful and just rely on the fact that they’re ill-informed rather than being mean-spirited and asserting an argument that they know at the time that they make it is false.", Bayno also features a college coaching background that includes stints as a head coach at UNLV and Loyola Marymount., Cox said Jordan angered the mob by refusing to back legislation to loosen regulations on taverns and adult entertainment. That refusal, Cox said, was considered <U+0093>complete disrespect<U+0094> to some powerful people., It's that wonderful time in the holiday season when the presents are unwrapped, and consumers start returning the things that didn't fit or that they just plain didn't want., She picked the single word "Different" as her slogan, then pulled veterans of Calderon's administration into her campaign after it ran into trouble. At some events, she has been confronted by voters angry about her party's past actions—run-ins broadcast over and over on TV., “Traveller” opens invitingly with long, undulating patterns of insistent percussion (including tabla), the twang of Shankar’s nimble sitar playing and her euphoric voice singing “life dances inside me” — the album was inspired by the birth of her first child., The best things on my training table: Pulled pork., The driving goal: to become a magnet for any business or government looking to meet its sustainability challenges while growing green jobs in Oregon., Prices could go 10 percent higher, says Joe Williams, director of investment strategy at Commerce Trust Company, part of Commerce Bank. "This market still offers good value.", Besides birds, I spotted other wildlife, including javelinas - distant relatives of pigs that forage in small herds - and large, hairy tarantulas marching to their own drummers., That means this year’s celebrity winner, after a careful check and re-check of the numbers, is Tribe starter Jake Westbrook. He finished with 310 points, 20 more than runner-up Josh Cribbs, who chose the wrong year to put all four No. 1 seeds into the Final Four. Westbrook had West Virginia reaching the Final Four, and Cribbs had the Duke Blue Devils., By comparison, DeMaio said, the Red Bulls paid $59,000 last year for four Newark officers and a police cruiser to patrol each game at the Harrison stadium., The reporters were late to the session, in part, because they know there’s rarely a need to rush to one of Girardi’s press conferences. They know going in what they’re going to get: polite, carefully-worded, thoughtful answers that rarely create a spark of controversy., Jaworski said Coppers never told her about seeking another job., On Monday, Cuyahoga County Executive Edward FitzGerald and commissioners from Lake and Ashtabula counties and the city of Cleveland issued a statement in opposition., You see them all across the country, in shopping malls and on street corners, in suburban towns and city centers: zombie restaurants., On Dec. 2, Wasinger and Dooley outlined a deal. It would have Dooley backing down from his threat to close the parks and the West County office and to limit snowplowing in return for what was, in fact, a standing council demand: its early, hands-on involvement in the drafting of next year's budget., That, too, is Christmas. It's not just greed and consumerism. Its people delighting in caring for those in need. It's the Christmas years ago when an elderly couple brought my husband and I a huge box of food when we most needed it. This year it's even the, 1251 Stockton St.: The pungent smell of dehydrated shrimp in large, open boxes permeates this shop, which also sells a variety of dried seeds in bulk, such as pumpkin. The real treat here is the individually wrapped Chinese candies, including ones shaped like miniature bananas. (415) 837-1489., The Gallaghers are among a group of Howard residents who keep backyard chickens as pets, which enthusiasts say is a growing trend. Since Betty's demise, they are now caring for four other hens of exotic-sounding heritage on their 3.5-acre lot, including a buff Orpington and a golden-laced Cochin., "Five years ago, my mom and I started walking in honor of my grandmother, her mother, who lost her battle to cancer. Today, our team consists of family and friends — 20-plus members — who share memories of her.", "Normally in the fourth quarter and certainly (in) close games like that, it's going to come down to making plays," McMillan said. "They made the plays. They made buckets when they needed to. They got second opportunities when they needed to. And they got defensive stops to give themselves a chance to win the game.", Spagnuolo says he's not surprised by the 49ers' success., The writer is executive director of the Baltimore Child Abuse Center., At 8 a.m. on Aug, 26, Reed was left alone to watch the baby, Maliah May Thomas, in an apartment in the first block of Bel Rae Court. The child's mother is Reed's cousin., The changing nature of the campaign is also a boost for Tim Pawlenty, the successful two-term governor of a very liberal state, and possibly for another ex-governor, Jon Huntsman, depending on who he decides to run as., "I am confident that the expertise and proven success of our management team will keep us focused on executing our strategy, and delivering maximum long-term value creation for our unitholders.", Cleveland Police Museum. Justice Center, 1300 Ontario St. 216-623-5055. 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday. Free. Exhibit: "Artist as Witness: The 9-11 Responders." 1-4 p.m. Sunday., The rift between school districts and unions is more prominent this year after several consecutive years of massive state cuts to education., Such a change would mean that a surgery that for more than a decade has been primarily available to only the seriously obese - usually people who are at least 100 pounds overweight - would be an option for people who might need to lose 50 pounds to reach a healthy weight., Berghouse, 26, a consultant for the Camden Group, a healthcare consulting firm, and Koyanagi, 27, a physical therapist with Intergro Rehab Services, were married on Sept. 3 at the Riviera United Methodist Church in South Redondo Beach. The reception, attended by 185 guests, was held at the historic Redondo Beach library., After what transpired Thursday in one of the most bizarre, surreal and awkward media moments in NBA history, the Magic need to do themselves and Coach Stan Van Gundy a favor. They need to part ways with their coach immediately, pay off the remainder of his contract and install Dwight as the player-coach for the remainder of the season., This is the third night in an ongoing series by The Times of Trenton to photograph local proms in the area. Tonight, The Times visited three proms: Nottingham High School, Hamilton High School West, and Mercer High School, which is part of the Mercer County Special Services School District., The Black Hollies have no problem doing things a little differently., Q: I enjoyed the songs you wrote on Kelly Clarkson's new album. Do you foresee writing more songs for other artists?, "I think any of these folks who are out there predicting that they know what Gov. Cuomo and I are going to do will be just as wrong as most the people who try to predict what I’m going to do, they usually turn out to be wrong.", Said Garcia: “Hopefully the next one will be better.”, The United States shares the 12 percent range with Kenya, Turkey, Thailand, East Timor and Honduras, meaning 1 in 9 births is early. The rate in the United States has risen 30 percent since 1981., • As The New York Times' Jake Appleman pointed out, James had to shake off foul trouble to ultimately beat the Knicks in the fourth: "'I’m not a guy that’s in foul trouble a lot,' James said. 'It was difficult for me to sit in the third.'... Before the fourth, James scored a modest 15 points, missing 6 of nine shots, and committed seven turnovers, more than double his season average... As the crowd routinely and profanely serenaded him in the first half, James struggled, and a makeshift Knicks lineup gave the Heat fits.", The president, who constantly rails against Ecuador's "oligarchs" and has already moved to diminish the power of banks, accused the lawmakers who voted against the measure of "defending the bankers, not the depositors.", Legion Park, located at 1225 Willow Ave., will reopen at 4 p.m. today. It is the last of the playground projects that cost a total of $239,550 and are being funded by a portion of a $1.6 million bond that was passed for city-wide park improvements, according to city officials., DEAR MAYO CLINIC: I'm often nervous around people and sometimes avoid social situations. How can I tell if I'm just shy or if what I'm experiencing is actually social anxiety disorder?, It's only the third gubernatorial recall election in U.S. history. Governors were recalled from office in North Dakota in 1921 and in California in 2003., Why aren't copyrights on the Internet being enforced?, Skies will be mostly cloudy Sunday into the early eafternoon, and the high temperature should be in the upper 40s, Dye said. By evening, skies should be mostly clear, and the low temperature will drop into the upper 20s., Target, for example, recently opened a store in North San Jose near Highway 237 and North First Street. And Target will anchor a new shopping center in Santa Clara called Main Street Santa Clara, said David Taxin, a partner with Meacham/Oppenheimer, a commercial real estate firm., Los Angeles County operates the sewage treatment plant, which serves the 830-acre university and an adjoining housing tract. The facility was built in the late 1970s by Pepperdine and Alcoa, the developer of the subdivision, and turned over to the county., • The cost of a summer day camp may count as an expense toward the Child and Dependent Care Credit. Expenses for overnight camps do not qualify. See IRS Publication 503, Child and Dependent Care Expenses at www.irs.gov., U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., has never had to worry too much about re-election., In addition, Paul Matey, currently senior counsel, will replace O’Dowd as deputy chief counsel., Patricia Reaney, Reuters, Yet, city commissioners have not had the first discussion that goes any deeper than its fluffy press releases proclaiming the wonderment of smart grid., The change brought resident complaints, though, prompting the decision to analyze Boyden and Holzhauer to see if the speed limits should be lower. The risk in this move? The Summit County Engineer's Office advised that the current speeds appear appropriate and that there is "a strong possibility" a study could convince ODOT to ask for higher speed limits., According to the Tri-State Transportation Campaign, John F. Kennedy Boulevard has been named the most dangerous road in Hudson County and one of the most dangerous in the state for pedestrians, the Jersey Journal reports., Successful revenue sports represent the perfect conduit for increased financial donations, particularly football. Nothing tugs at the purse strings quite like winning., Well, if you're a saver in America, you should know how that football feels. You've been passed and carried around the turf without any power to change the outcome of the game. The current fight over the future of money-market mutual funds is just the latest play., The players were out after a curfew imposed by the coaching staff when the fight took place. However, LSU athletics spokesman Michael Bonnette said players traditionally conclude fall camp, which ended last Thursday, by socializing together after curfew., Q. What one piece of advice would you give to someone who wants a leadership role or an executive role?, An officer with the Jersey City Bureau of Criminal Investigation could be seen trying to lift fingerprints from the pay phone., "So long as we're facing the limitations that we are, I don't think land can be assembled in Detroit for major redevelopment," Mogk said. "At this point, I don't think it's possible.", Earlier this year, faced with failing St. Louis charter schools run by Imagine Schools Inc., the state's commissioner of education, Chris Nicastro, stood strong and put the wheels in motion for those schools to close., He didn’t mean to impugn my tastes or critical faculties (I think...I hope), so much as to say that I take a sort of “good cop” approach to reviewing., When the next movie comes out, I'll take Kyle and we can preview it. I'll even buy his popcorn and drink., Sweeney, in his remarks to the AARP, emphasized the fairness of the 'millionaires tax' because "these 16,000 can help 600,000 seniors stay in their homes.'', Investigators concluded that top agency officials knew or should have known about Huddleston's activities., On Twitter Wednesday morning Smith, immediately after asking for recommendations for someone who can refinish wood floors at a good price, said the idea of Washington made him "feel important haha.", Jim Bologna, executive chef at the Townsend Hotel in Birmingham, Mich., offers this idea for an easy Chickpea Aioli Dip, which is a cross between hummus and aioli:, He was found in contempt of court for making a false statement to an insurance company to obtain a payout for his client. He was suspended for at least a year., 9:40 via Alan Hahn, Newsday, Note: This is delicious served with tzatziki or mint chutney and Greek yogurt instead of the tahini sauce., NEWARK -- N.J. Assemblyman Daniel Van Pelt and the mayors of Hoboken and Secaucus are among roughly 30 people arrested this morning in a federal corruption and money laundering probe that originated in the Syrian Jewish communities in Deal and Brooklyn., The medallion tow companies have contracts with the city that, in many cases, stretch back for decades. The companies pay a small annual licensing fee — Protani said it was around $500 — and have exclusive rights to tow cars that have been in accidents or are illegally parked in the city. The companies charge $130 to tow vehicles east of Charles Street and $140 to tow on the west side. The city does not receive a portion of the fee for the tows but collects money through tickets and storage fees., By 1976, the group was one of the most popular rock bands in the world. But its legend would grow even larger by the end of that year., RandomItems, The Public Service Commission and state legislators should address all of the politics and connections required for effective planning and preventive steps to avoid another BGE/Irene Effect by requiring BGE to invest in:, "We’re going to get to take part in that, and that’s something that, had we done this just on our own, would be a lot harder," says Sandoski. "The mass of the school allows much bigger and far-reaching activities., New Jersey patients will be even more reliant on the centers because, unlike New Mexico, people are barred from growing for themselves., Diabetes is also on the rise in kids and it's common that several people within a family have diabetes. The Ohio Department of Health estimates that about 8,000 people younger than 20 have diabetes in Ohio., "In the long run, most people will back off when they get ready to actually choose a president in the general election and say, 'You know what the person's faith might be, whether its Catholic, Jewish, Protestant or Mormon or whatever, it's not going to affect my vote nearly as much as the basic moral character, the basic principles put forward by the potential president.' So I think the president's personal background and his proven record in the past in political affairs or business affairs will be much more important than what faith a president espouses.", Acta had teased Hafner over the weekend about Rangers first basemen playing so far behind him., Trailing 27-17 to start the fourth quarter, Missouri came back mainly because of Franklin. On the first drive of the fourth quarter, Franklin ran twice for 11 yards and completed a beautiful 32-yard deep seem route to Wes Kemp, then threw a 7-yard touchdown to a diving Marcus Lucas that looked like a laser coming out of his hand to cut it to 27-24., A: So much of deciding the style of a movie is less about what you want to do than about what you don't want to do. You kind of put the blinders on at the start of the process. You go, "My movie is about this.", PACs that have given McIntosh the maximum $5,000 contribution for a primary include those belonging to House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy and Alabama Rep. Spencer Bachus, chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. McIntosh also got $5,000 from the PAC for Koch Industries, the oil and gas company owned by Charles and David Koch, who are major bank-rollers of the Republican Party., “The goal was just to come out and have a good effort,” she said. “I felt pretty good. Running just by myself was a little bit difficult.”, But that's not enough. Cuyahoga County also needs a council that's prepared both to advise FitzGerald and to provide his new administration with smart oversight when the new government takes power on Jan. 1. And on that front, too, there's reason to worry that at least some members are at best tone-deaf and at worst unable to move beyond politics as usual., Whole-wheat bread, Whiteside would love to be on the court grabbing rebounds and blocking shots <U+0096> the two things the coaching staff wants him to focus on. But before he can do that, he must get healthy., Total walk distance: 1 mile (one-way), Can Apple succeed without Jobs?, Still, too many fish got pulled into shallow water., 3. The New York Times — 1,586,757 weekday; 2,003,247 Sunday., Like Chinatown's distinctive look, the new booklet came about by happenstance. The text appeared in a 1990 journal; there were so many requests over the years for copies that staff at the Historical Society convinced Choy to publish a formal edition complete with additional images., "We're not overrun with them," he said. "People say they've had an impact, but I haven't noticed it. It's just another fish in the canal to catch.", "The Japanese-American community here in Orange County is still small enough that the Niseis – that are the second-generation folks and that would be these students – quite a few people know each other," said Ken Inouye, a Laguna Hills CPA who is helping the college with its search., CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The telephoto lens is still one of a private investigator's most valuable tools, but a Facebook account is becoming just as important., Peter and Mary Gove wanted to build a new cabin on the bank of the St. Croix River. But they didn't want it to clash with their existing 1970s cabin a hundred yards away., James Harkness, deputy chief of the Transportation Department's Traffic Division, said that on July 25 crews would begin installing the barriers that will line the roads on the race route. He said the work would be done at night to minimize disruption., Toward the end of a two-hour run recently, Haugh said, he stopped to rest. His companion would have none of it., The vote came after a lengthy discussion that touched on whether it would be cost effective to simply put more asphalt on the existing courts or put in a new concrete overlay that wouldn't crack apart., Baffert had a heart attack on March 26 in Dubai, scaring his 7-year-old son Bode, who was with him and is the namesake of the Derby favorite., That evening, our dinner - locally raised beef, fresh produce driven up from Adelaide - is cooked by Arkaba's on-site chef, and served on the homestead's big wooden dining table. We eat with Pat and Sally Kent, owners of Arkaba Station, and then settle onto a sofa in the library in front of a fire, and help ourselves to a snifter of cognac from the complimentary bar., The committee based its findings on more than 11 hours of public hearings in Trenton, Pomona and Montclair last month as well hundreds of pages of written testimony., oThe layout: There are eight championship courses at Pinehurst, one of the finest golf resorts in the world, four designed by architectural giant Donald Ross., "We believe the customers' behaviors have changed so dramatically, so the days of hushed private dining that lasts for several hours with a real expensive restaurant have gone away," said Rancho Bernardo Inn General Manager John Gates, who acknowledged that the hotel put a lot of thought into the planned overhaul before deciding to move forward., Abundant special effects will differentiate Spirit of 77 from the typical guy-cave sports hangout. Tall windows connect the space to the adjacent street scene where a new Portland Streetcar line will soon run. Inside the 1912 A.E. Doyle-designed brick building, what could be more Portland-centric than a bicycle parking area and next to it, a coffee and espresso dispensary featuring single-origin espresso shots from local favorite Stumptown Coffee Roasters?, But first things first. Dee Hart wants to play in the spread offense. He wants to play at Michigan under the coaching staff that recruited him., At the time of Wheeling's killing, Wonsom was in the Re-Direct program at Murphy Cottage, a lower-security program for youths determined not to be a danger to themselves or others. Since then, the program has been "suspended indefinitely," Cleary said., Rodriques was shot in the chest and died on the floor of his South Plainfield home on April 14, 2008., “The greatest thing I can see is when he’s lying down on the turf and we’re standing over him,” Giants defensive coordinator Perry Fewell said. “That’s the picture I envision more so than any other., Following the release of “Coraline,” Phil Knight promoted his son Travis to chief executive and named Claire Jennings, a “Coraline” producer, head of Laika’s entertainment division., "Susan taught me yoga breathing. That was most helpful each chemo treatment. I could breathe through having the needle inserted; visualize a good place during my chemo.", Young averaged 28.6 points as a senior at McCluer North and was, In February 2009, voters overwhelmingly rejected a 39-cent operating tax increase. The district has not had an operating tax increase in nearly 20 years, despite growth in enrollment that led to several new schools and additions at others., In Santa Rosa, a man named J.W. Brown heard "a great noise" and saw the treetops waving. He looked to the west and actually saw the earthquake coming, the ground moving like waves on the ocean. There were waves, he said, about 2 feet high and 15 feet long., What's unsettling is that scam artists have used well-meaning church pastors and senior center employees to get a foot in the door. Word-of-mouth endorsements from friends fuel the scam, too., Westlake has the highest collection of Asian residents in Greater Cleveland, at 5.8 percent., Old notes: Elyria's Eastgate Elementary School closed three years ago, but signs of it remain., The Indiana funds bought their debt in July 2008 for 43 cents on the dollar. It's unclear how much their appeal could delay the sale's closing. Chrysler filed a motion on Monday asking that the sale be certified for immediate appeal in order to move the case quickly to U.S. District Court., "I am not a hero for what I did under those circumstances," Powell added. "Anything but. Once I found out what wars were really about, I could no longer drink the Kool-Aid you are offering.", This book is a result of what Delbanco says is two decades of visiting more than 100 colleges of all types, from community colleges to the undergraduate divisions of research universities., A fitting tribute would be a statue outside Chase Field, where Colangelo delivered the Valley's first major professional sports championship. Although the Maricopa County Stadium District owns the building and the surrounding property, it can not authorize a statue without approval from the Diamondbacks., "Creating designated smoke-free zones in state parks will ensure that millions of people who visit these sites each year will be able to enjoy outdoor activities in a safe and healthy environment," state Health Commissioner Nirav Shah said last month., Here's a bigger point: Poverty-stricken East Cleveland needs a fiscally sound library if it hopes to build a community of high school and college graduates, readers, thinkers and entrepreneurs., I would like to share a creative way my high school alma mater solved this problem. Justin-Siena High School, in Napa, California, was founded in 1966. The city of Napa has a history of naming its school mascots these sorts of names: Napa High School Indians, Napa College Chieftains, Redwood Jr. High School Warriors. Justin-Siena chose the Braves., DULUTH, Ga. -- Technology company NCR Corp. says it has agreed to buy Radiant Systems Inc. for $1.2 billion in cash., Steve Altman, Ravi’s attorney, said he does not see how Ravi and Wei can be held legally responsible for Clementi’s suicide., "It's great that they honored me as a Hero for Hope, but I really don't think I am," Cook, 56, said. "Anyone who deals with cancer is a hero. I just get to go up on stage to talk about it.", Accompanied by a CNN camera crew and reporter, Bale took an eight-hour pilgrimage to a small village in Shandong province to pay his respects to a blind lawyer who has been put under house arrest and regular harassment by the Chinese government. The Batman actor's attempt to visit Chen Guangcheng, an activist against forced abortions as part of the country's one-child policy, was foiled by plainclothes security guards who roughed up Bale., "How could it possibly be succulent?" says Schwartz. "But people don't want to pay for fat, which is stupid. If butchers could leave the fat on, they wouldn't charge so much per pound. And of course you can trim the fat after it's cooked., Dettelbach is U.S. attorney for the northern district of Ohio., One hopes that Tyner will remain a road warrior for years to come. Still, his particular brand of soulful authenticity can't last forever. Don't deprive yourself. This weekend at Yoshi's, it's still time for Tyner., * When Hitchcock took over on Nov. 8, he installed a system that featured short shifts to avoid having players out on the ice too long, dragging and vulnerable. The fresher the legs the faster the tempo, and with Hitch as coach the Blues had more shifts per game than any NHL team. The same is true in the NHL postseason. The Blues have taken 1,898 shifts through four games, most among the 16 postseason teams. That's an average 474.5 shifts per game, the most by any of the 16 postseason teams. San Jose is averaging 435.8 shifts per game. On at least one occasion the Blues caught the Sharks in a long, tiring shift and it played a role in B.J. Crombeen's goal that gave the Blues a 1-0 lead in Game 4., The second is intended to attract conservative Christians, who generally vote Republican, to the polls next November. It would reaffirm an existing right in the state constitution to pray in public places., ABC, an independent auditor of the publishing industry’s circulation data, reported circulation for 618 newspapers rose by 0.68 percent daily, while 532 newspapers recorded a collective 5 percent increase in Sunday circulation., There is no doubt Richardson's versatility is more valuable than say picking wide receiver Justin Blackmon., Smith was once thought of as an up-and-comer in the coaching ranks after leading Louisville to a 41-21 record over five seasons, including five straight bowl appearances. His star never shined brighter than in 2003, when he was named the Big Ten Coach of the Year for leading Michigan State to an 8-5 record in his first season. The win total was most by a first-year coach in the Spartans' history, but things went quickly downhill., Kline, a retired Marine colonel with a son in the military, said he worries that regular congressional action, most likely through the annual defense spending bill, might take until the end of the year to complete. He argued that Panetta could fix the problem now "with the stroke of a pen.", Mary Brenner, Donald Kolograf*, Lucie Petranek, Thomas Reming, "It's the right thing for not only the industry but the country," he said., His casual tone and innate sense of optimism made it feel like everything would be fine. In fact, the Beastie Boys' label, EMI, followed it up with an announcement that assured fans that the cancer was localized and treatable with immediate surgery. Yauch's vocal cords would not be affected. He was expected to make a full recovery., And on it goes., However, if we lost our phone at Coachella last weekend, we'd be most annoyed about not being able to take video of holographic Tupac rapping alongside headliners Snoop Dogg and Dre., "I thought, this is a real interesting, smart way to address what's going to be a continuing challenge for them," recalled Meehan, a Republican whose district includes the refinery., The financial aspects look good for Express Scripts. The company has said the deal will add to profits this year, and it expects to find $1 billion in cost savings., If she has to, she says, she'll try to take out loans. "Whatever it takes, I'm going to college.", "I'm a believer. All of this was a miracle from God," she told Telam, Argentina's state news agency., Good advice for chefs, charities, journalists and the rest of us stressed-out workers., A San Diego judge dismissed an entire jury panel Tuesday, after prosecutors rejected a gay man as a potential juror in a same-sex marriage case., "What we're saying is, he has been given three years to turn the economy around and bring back jobs," said Romney spokesman Ryan Williams. "He has had time and hundreds of billions of dollars to turn around the economy and he has not done that.", The highway was closed until just after 11 a.m., Ross didn't go deep again, but he left another Phillies pitcher shaking his head in disbelief. He hit an ankle-high fastball for a single that put the Giants on the board in the fourth inning. It scored Edgar Renteria with the game's first run., NEW YORK -- Conde Nast Publications is closing Gourmet, the nation's oldest food magazine, and three other money-losing titles as the high-end publisher tries to weather a devastating advertising slump., “This lawsuit is crucial to protect the longstanding ‘one person, one vote’ principle. I hope our diligence will raise voter awareness of the voters of New Jersey to recognize the value of their vote,” said Barbara Gonzales, the group’s founder., "I feel good, just got to keep working on the right things and try to put some scores together.", Acting general manager Chad Buchanan was noncommittal during exit interviews on whether or not the team planned on extending the qualifying offer to Hickson., "We opened in 1961, which was about the same time the bowling alley opened," Marucci said., "To say the past year has been one of tremendous challenge is an understatement," Mendel said. "We're here to serve notice to the competitors that Honda is again firing on all cylinders.", Dave Schoolcraft, 38, said he preferred the late-night excursion to previous early-morning waits in line in sometimes frigid weather. Last year, they were in line at Target when temps were freezing., MetroHealth Spokeswoman Phyllis Marino said that it is "too premature to say what the breakdown is" of the upcoming layoffs., "Well, this is a good example, and I'm pretty confident this court will recognize that and not take that step," he said., We have both federal and state politicians making villains out of public employees, when in reality their burden on the taxpayer is relatively small. These fights are symbolic and cowardly, as they do nothing to address the serious problems our country faces., A dozen bodies had been brought to the hospital since the fighting started Monday evening, said a hospital official., TMI has received Ohio Third Frontier grants for high-tech development, and federal grants, including funding from the Defense Department, Agricultural Department, Environmental Protection Agency and Commerce Department., The well-traveled Lofgren also has toured with Ringo Starr., These are very different wines, and which one you'd prefer depends on your palate, what foods you're having, and, of course, your budget. However, both should be refrigerated for about half an hour before serving., OPENING IN HOLLYWOOD THIS WEEK, Japanese federation official Koji Ueno said "under the circumstances, we can't send our athletes who feel uneasy about what has happened.", Brock Osweiler, quarterback, Denver Broncos. Drafted in the second round (57th overall)., Rosberg, who won the Chinese Grand Prix last week for his first Formula One victory, clocked 1 minute, 32.816 seconds in his Mercedes around the 3.4-mile Bahrain International Circuit. That was 0.446 seconds quicker than Red Bull's Mark Webber and 0.709 seconds better than two-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull. McLaren's Lewis Hamilton, who was fastest in the first practice, was fourth., The deadline to register is Aug. 14. For more information,, But as Johnson rode his own bicycle behind hers, Sax said, he was recorded on store video cameras, which the jury will be shown. Johnson also left behind his DNA, “all over her, inside of her,” Sax said. “He destroyed her,” the prosecutor said, eliciting muffled cries from the victim’s mother, Rachel O’Donnell, and other relatives and friends., "But really, I’m not looking at it like, ‘Man, I’m going to the playoffs for the first time.’ I’m a competitor — I’ve always given everything I got, no matter how bad the team was. You know me, I only go forward, full speed.", "It's a very tough environment to operate in certainly, but we feel that we're partnering with our employees," said Martha Lanning, director of employee health and welfare plans at Sherwin-Williams. The company has 32,000 employees worldwide and up to 5,000 of those are in Ohio., 18 Give metal outdoor furniture a lift with a new coat of metallic paint (turquoise, orange or chartreuse), and team it with new covers for chair cushions., Jones explained all of this to Reed, who left the meeting deflated., Assist outside agency. 1800 block North El Camino Real. An apparently intoxicated 33-year-old man reportedly lit himself on fire, authorities said. Paramedics were called. 9:13 p.m., Either way, most political experts agree that Republicans face an uphill struggle against Menendez, who has already collected $5.5 million for his re-election in a Democratic-leaning state that last elected a Republican to the U.S. Senate in 1972., A prime example comes at the end of “Mommy & Daddy.” Rome, furiously spitting, remembers his most trying time — losing his mother to Lupus., The cost will come out of executives' pockets, he added:, Today, however, Altman displayed several text messages Ravi and Huang exchanged on Sept. 23, after he told her Clementi had killed himself., Becky Giammona was concerned about how her effort to adopt Alexis would be handled by the adoption unit she had fought in court., ‘‘Superfund sites can endanger the health of nearby residents and communities, in the case of these installations, potentially putting families of military personnel living on-base at risk,’’ the agency said in a prepared statement. ‘‘EPA supports the GAO’s recommendations that EPA be granted independent authority to ensure that the agency can take appropriate enforcement actions against federal agencies consistent with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act.", Exactly what happened around 10:15 a.m. remained unclear. Investigators - to include the National Transportation Safety Board - say it could take a couple of weeks to figure it out., The poll results suggest that a) there is no Republican front-runner at this stage in Ohio, with even Romney, at 16 percent support among Republicans, trailing "Don't Know," at 28 percent; b) that's perfectly understandable, because Romney and the passel of other candidates are focusing on early primary states right now; and c) Ohio voters in general have doubts about Obama., 4. Louisville, Harrell, a good-hitting pitcher, singled with out in the second and Schafer grounded hard to Craig, who made a good stop at his knees but fired over the head of shortstop Furcal. Craig had thrown wide of Furcal on a similar play earlier in the week., "She was so motivated, she was never going let anything get in her way," Boddie said., Beckwith made something out of nothing., Wine-braised beef ($20) brought back memories of a homey dish I had at an after-harvest meal at a family wheat farm in Kansas. Cav's version is more refined because of the wine, which produces a falling-off-the-bone tenderness, and bold gravy lightened with citrus, surrounded by horseradish mashed potatoes., One of Philadelphia's great assets is a huge inventory of affordable housing, a key to our population growth. And plenty of eager investors are ready and willing to buy properties and vacant lots., Quenneville doesn't believe all the extra minutes played will lead to fatigued teams., There is no cause of the fire as of yet, and it is now under investigation by the Arson Squad., "If you have a contract that says pit bulls are OK, you're looking at a breach of contract" if a property owner tries to force tenants to get rid of dogs before the lease is up, he said., The regular just thought he had a notable jumbo. Boshold, a gold medalist for the USA Ice Team, knew it might be Chicago fishing history., The first question would be: Why so serious? I thought I had stopped at a midtown bistro but got that poker-faced formality that sucks the fun out of the place. While some of the servers are excellent, others drag down this rating by giving descriptions of the food and wine that are neither expressive nor informative enough. The attentiveness, however, is very good here., Aldridge mockingly called Cunningham "Charles Barkley," "superstar" and "All-Star" at different points. The reserved Cunningham just laughed it off. When the Blazers weren't ribbing Cunningham to his face, they were praising him behind his back., 14. Chicago (15) - Playoff talk - really? - starting to surface after win against Colorado, their second consecutive win and extending unbeaten run to four games., Price said she and Houston were planning another reunion, and that she was set to appear at the pre-Grammy gala thrown by her longtime mentor, Clive Davis, on Saturday night. Davis had expected that Houston would sing at the party, which went on as planned, he explained, because the diva would have wanted it that way. It took place in another part of the hotel from where her body was being examined by coroner's officials., Are you willing to drop nearly $400 for a sushi dinner served at the counter of a tiny restaurant hidden away in a drab subway station in Tokyo’s Ginza district? Lots of people are, according to the mouthwatering documentary “Jiro Dreams of Sushi.’’, Glen Gardner, The state's savviest Republican political strategist also happens to be its governor. So, as I sat in Gov. Mitch Daniels' office this week talking about his policy agenda for the final months of his term, I decided to pick his brain about the year's political landscape., Economic conditions meant the company likely had trouble meeting the performance targets promised to lenders. Cedar Fair faced interest rate increases in 2010 and probably a new set of less favorable lending terms in 2012 and 2014, when the loans are set to come due, said Chief Executive, President and Chairman Dick Kinzel., Tabak also took another tack. In 20 instances since Harris took office, homicide investigators went straight to judges to issue so-called Ramey warrants for murder suspects, instead of the usual method of submitting cases to prosecutors for a charging decision., Lungren spoke to me about his vision for campaign finance law. He offers a free market and deregulated approach to campaign money, with a few twists. It's a vision that advocates of campaign finance reform would oppose., The proposal is pretty simple: Levy a $1-a-pack tax on cigarettes in California and spend most of the proceeds on medical research. Voters might base their decisions on the matter on questions as simple as whether they oppose any new taxes, or whether they're glad to see a revenue producer that, by raising the price of cigarettes, is sure to lower smoking rates., The city's "sustained, precipitous drop in crime," Roth said, is due to smart policing – deploying officers thoughtfully, eliminating duplicative efforts and putting the best people in the right spots – not more officers., "We can't guarantee absolute safety," Helsel told the House Health and Government Operations Committee and others. "But what we can do is continuously improve safety.", Defensively, everywhere the Blazers took the ball they found another layer of defense to overcome – usually unsuccessfully. When Portland found a brief crack in the Lakers’ interior defense, it quickly closed with multiple players there to dig at the ball and contest the shot when it did go up. When the ball went back out to the perimeter the Lakers swarmed even harder by trapping the ball when possible or just pressuring the ball handler into a difficult position when it wasn’t. It started with Ron Artest’s smothering defense on Brandon Roy who was locked down by Artest from the opening tip. Wherever Roy went he found Ron clamped onto him in a position to contest his every move., But this past December, lawyers and regulators involved in the US Fidelis bankruptcy case met in Austin, Texas, to figure out how to split up what's left of the company's assets, according to court records. There, they decided to pay off the former US Fidelis employees, if only to speed up a resolution to the bankruptcy case., "I'd like to present cultural studies," he said. "(To) educate the viewer through motion pictures that while we may not know about each other, we are a lot more similar than we are different.", When I called Laguna Beach landscape architect and preservationist Ann Christoph on Tuesday for comment on the preservation of the William Wendt house (yesterday's column), she said, "Oh, I thought you were calling about the more immediate issue. With another historic house.", Toward war's end, the prisoners were marched town-to-town, ending in tents 300 miles away., The case involves 17-year-old Summer Moody, a white high school volleyball player in Baldwin County, Ala., shot in the head April 15 after authorities said she and three other teens were caught breaking into a fish camp. Three men who found the teens trespassing admitted to firing the shots that hit Moody., In 2007, banks earned about $29 billion from overdraft fees, according to Oliver Wyman, the parent company of Celent. However, only about 5 percent of customers accounted for 68 percent of those fees; 74 percent of accounts didn't incur any overdraft fees., 3. Pleasantville (1998) Jennifer: Tobey Maguire and Witherspoon play teen siblings who find themselves trapped inside their television and a 1950s sitcom, where their modern views upset the status quo. Both leads, and the always strong Joan Allen, give strong turns., Extensive searches haven't found the child., Matthew Bearman stepped in to pitch for MICDS, and after giving up a walk to Jason Blanke, Sheinbein blasted a triple to tie the game. Sheinbein eventually scored on a ball in the dirt, and Ladue was ahead for good, 8-7 in the fifth inning., (5) Windsor (10-1) at (4) Rifle (11-0), Commissioned in 1958, Growler made nine so-called deterrence patrols in the northern Pacific during some of the most perilous periods of that decades-long conflict., For one, there's Salmon Poisoning Disease. Raw Pacific Northwest salmon can be infected with a parasitic fluke carrying infectious bacteria., Ursuline (10-3-1, 0-1) came into the match as the No. 10 team in, Her village includes a Budweiser brewery with a dock where the beer can be loaded onto a large cargo ship in the bay., According to a report by the California Assn. of Scholars, the state branch of a national organization founded "to confront the rise of campus political correctness," the answer is E. But when the group shows its work, things aren't that clear. "A Crisis of Competence: The Corrupting Effect of Political Activism in the University of California" is a mélange of anecdotes, second-hand studies (some of them national surveys that may not reflect the situation at the UCs), leaps of logic and ideological hyperventilation. Clearly some UC professors and programs have on some occasions transgressed the line between education and indoctrination, but the report fails to establish the existence of either a "cancer" or a "crisis" requiring urgent action by the Regents to restore a "rigorous marketplace of ideas.", Keep your fingers crossed that this new part does the job. A previous sleeve installed in early January failed., Allmeroth said she's now turning her attention to the tail end of the storm this evening, when temperatures could get close to freezing again., Officer Carey Klain, a police spokeswoman, and John Asher, a spokesman for Churchill Downs, said they didn't know Perez's immigration status., His complaint? The time it was taking for the officials to spot the ball after the Ducks finished an offensive play. The Ducks were lined up, waiting for the ball to be placed., Board officials have said that the record reflects a philosophy of correcting problems rather than punishing doctors., Coors' campaign countered that Coors raised more money than Perlmutter from individual donors, and that 56 percent of the incumbent's money this quarter is from political-action committees., Though Intel's headquarters are in the Silicon Valley, its largest base and most advanced research are both in Oregon. The company has 16,000 employees in the state, more than any other business., Romney and his SuperPAC allies massively outspent Santorum on ads - running even on Tuesday, Election Day. Some 59 percent said the ads were not important in determining their vote., Marquette had a 2-1 lead late in the second half before the Markers sent things into overtime on a jaw-dropping goal by Maria Redel with seconds left in regulation., As recently as 2009, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell did not acknowledge a link between head injuries on the field and brain diseases later in life. But the league has taken steps to better protect players in the past few years, and last month expanded the definition of <U+0093>defenseless players<U+0094> who may not be hit in the head or neck., He is concerned about the town running out of fresh water and residents are being told to conserve as much as they can., Well more than half of the county's residents have a library card -- about 431,000 cardholders for about 726,000 people -- and for a moment on Thursday it seemed like a lot of them were posing at the central branch for Robert Crum'scamera., Prosecutors argued Smith's crime was premeditated, pointing out he sawed off the rifle in Canada and sneaked it across the border with the stated intent to use it in a crime., Edwards-Gust, a second-grade teacher at Fred Ipalook Elementary School in Barrow, told police she’d known Tilden all her life and had been in a relationship with him for several months. Tilden had moved to Barrow in November, where he looked after her two daughters while she was at work. She said Tilden told her he had panicked and removed the children’s clothing., On Tuesday, Otellini made that shortcoming a focus of his remarks and promised that the company's formidable research and manufacturing capabilities will eventually make Intel a player in these new markets., At least going into a week off, the Buckeyes have found their footing, even if it came against less-than-stellar competition. This team probably should have been past the "learning lessons" stage. But when forced into this test, they've passed so far., • MLB will honor Jackie Robinson on Sunday by having all players wear No.42. Sunday is the 65th anniversary of Robinson becoming the first black man to play in the big leagues. The diversity on big-league rosters is a fitting tribute., Before the stroke in 1997, her mixed-media paintings featured strange and cryptic images: medieval seals, transvestites, bingo cards. Reviewers called her work cerebral and deliberate. Creativity, says the UC Berkeley professor, was an intellectual and often angst-filled struggle., The St. Louis area has seen recent closures including Forest Park Hospital. The elimination of small psychiatric units nearby in Illinois as well as in Hannibal, Mo., and Mexico, Mo., has more people traveling to the area for care., "You can see the wait times at clinics near you, and availability of vaccines at those clinics," Collins says. Minute Clinics can be located by visiting www.minuteclinic.com/locations. "There's even an app for your mobile phone," Thabault says., -- Olga Dixon,, Michael Enriquez, an organizer of some of the 99 Percent Spring protests in the Kansas City area, said the income pinch has motivated people to join the rallies., At this afternoon's Finance Committee meeting, the panel will give what's likely the final look-through to the "chickens-and-bees" legislation that would allow urban farming. The committee also is expected to approve the mayor's spending plan for the $25.5 million in Neighborhood Stabilization Plan funds., At Friday's practice, the loss became a reality. The Magic officially began to prepare to play basketball without Dwight Howard for the rest of the season and postseason., A car was stolen between April 18 and 19 in the 14000 block of Bantry Lane., Their goal is to study the multiple cases of imprisoned innocence, discover what went wrong in the past -- and figure out how to prevent it in the future., Fat chance for a show that's so desperate to prevent viewers from clicking away that it fires a blitzkrieg of name-brand talent in the first 20 minutes, parachuting Green Day into a lineup of musical acts that went by like some kind of "Saturday Night Live" parody. "Glee" ratings magnets Lea Michele and Matthew Morrison were held back, presumably as a way of keeping the younger set from diving irretrievably down the social media rabbit hole, though I can't image Michele's overwrought "Funny Girl" number has Barbra Streisand crying into her scrapbook., Rui Machado, Portugal, def. Pedro Sousa, Portugal, 6-7 (3), 6-1, 6-2., "Pranger is just a freak athlete and great at the net," Bersett said. "Eric is a strong blocker and has a tremendous jumpserve that has some meat behind it. Some don't have a lot on theirs, his does. It is difficult to pass.", Sandwiches were generally disappointing, and I think the weak bread is to blame. This was true of the grilled cheese and a Thanksgiving sandwich with turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce. Even the famous cheese toast that Cafe Hon serves its egg salad sandwich on is dry and airy. The best sandwich is the Reuben, which Cafe Hon actually grills instead of throwing under some heat., Voters are required to decide the issue because city rules cap at 5 percent the maximum annual rate increase the city can implement without voter approval., Finally, there is no denying the relative freedom of movement AQAP enjoys, compared with AQSL. Yemen has for years been a permissive environment for al-Qaida. In fact, the first al-Qaida attack took place, almost unnoticed, in Yemen in 1992, against U.S. forces transiting Yemen for Somalia. In October 2000, al-Qaida attacked the USS Cole off the coast of Aden, Yemen. In February 2006, 23 al-Qaida members — including at least one involved in the Cole attack and AQAP leader al-Wahishi — escaped from a Yemeni prison., Pets should wear a sturdy collar and two identification tags, marked with your travel address as well as home address., Growing Up in Orlando Before Disney, reunion and concert, There's been no malice, Roebuck said., Notebook: The NHL has scheduled a hearing with Phoenix defenseman Rostislav Klesla regarding his hit on Nashville forward Matt Halischuk in the Coyotes' 1-0 playoff victory on Friday night. The hearing will conducted by telephone today. Replays showed that Klesla appeared to grab the back of Halischuk's jersey before slamming him into the boards. Nashville coach Barry Trotz called it "a dangerous hit." Halischuk left the game for a short time but returned. Klesla received a two-minute penalty for boarding., WASHINGTON -- Lonny and Robin Kocina started their business in the laundry room of their house more than 20 years ago, and they now employ about 45 people. However, they worry that Washington lawmakers are about to stifle their effort to keep their business growing., Exchanges can be made at RTA's customer service center downstairs at Tower City. (Barber said a worker politely processed his stack of fare cards in just a few minutes Thursday morning.) Stop at the center between 7 a.m. and noon Monday through Friday to make the trade. For more information, call the RTA's help line at 216-621-9500., Mr. Cook grew more forthcoming publicly on the cash topic. In a rare appearance at an investor conference in February, Mr. Cook acknowledged that the Apple board was actively discussing what to do with the cash, since the company had more than it needed to run its business., And with all the silence, Nets fans have to wonder: What if this free agent season ends up the same way last year's did?, "I do feel that the inspections are a responsibility of this division," Tuchner said., Comment: Much, much more than anyone could have dreamed., For Square 19, we find ourselves in a neighborhood that was long considered to be the wrong side of the tracks., Tickets are $8 for adults, $5 students and seniors, and are available at the door., He's on the writing staff of Tyler Perry's "House of Payne" and "Meet the Browns." He also hosted the first season of TV One's "Black Men Revealed." Life is different after marriage, he says., The school's campaign encourages students to stand up for those being bullied rather than be a bystander. Students use the sign for love - hand up with palms out and the middle and ring finger down - as a show of support for bully victims., Business Week is dismissive of rumors that hedge-fund magnate Eddie Lampert might mount a takeover attempt for A-B. (I wrote, AP: What did you think when you saw the Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez, Ashley Tisdale video?, Today, annuloplasty rings have had more deaths associated with them during the past five years than any other device in their class, according to a Tribune analysis of FDA data on adverse events. Although there are many flaws in the way the FDA gathers its data and there is no way to tell if the deaths are directly related to the rings' performance, the analysis raises questions about whether the agency erred in reclassifying the device., Reporters also spent six months conducting hundreds of interviews and reviewing thousands of pages of court documents, as well as government records obtained under the Freedom of Information Act., The state's goal is to ensure that "all students are on track for college and career readiness" and "these school designations were developed by taking into account both growth and absolute proficiency to provide a more complete picture of school performance and the needs of individual schools.", Six months ago, TRU's first report card gave DDOT an F. The new grade is D-., Up on the stage, Farley surveyed the crowd., Each week, when Ravens cornerback Lardarius Webb shows up to do his radio show at the Al Packer Ford dealership in White Marsh, fans eagerly await, the majority of them hungry to get his autograph. During commercial breaks, they stand in line until it's their turn to shuffle forward and enthusiastically thrust a football, a picture, a jersey or a hat into his hands., "I had hope," Max recalls simply., CEO Jeff Bewkes said Time Warner planned to seek higher fees from cable and satellite TV companies to carry its Turner channels, including TNT, Cartoon Network and truTV, when contracts are up for renewal over the next several years., The 2012 budget has $10.32 million in revenues with $7 million coming from sales and utility taxes., That was followed by several minutes of pushing and shoving between the teams before the field was cleared. Sounders midfielder Brad Evans said he was slapped in the face., "It's probably not good for Elmhurst to be tied to the North Side of Chicago," said Morrissey, a member of Elmhurst's library board and a Republican precinct captain for the last 10 years. "It's not just a different set of interests, but it's also the way Chicago politics is run.", Tickets are $45 per person. Mail your check payable to Lions Veterans Charities Inc. by April 20 to: LVC Treasurer Lion Steve Moore, 1019 Monterey Ave., Foster City, CA 94404. For questions, call co-chairmen Steve Moore at 650-349-5676 or Lion Al Russell at 650-364-1318., Calling all Young Adult Readers! Feel free to participate by commenting on these discussion questions., "Kinect Star Wars" is proudly in the former category, and the faithful should run screaming like it's a "Star Wars Holiday Special" sequel. At least that notoriously cheesy 1978 TV program wasn't interactive. "Kinect Star Wars" has a dancing mini-game that is bad bordering on surreal, replacing modern pop standards with "Star Wars"-themed lyrics as characters including Han Solo perform ridiculous dance moves., But after having toured incessantly for 20 years, the Band called it quits in 1976 with perhaps the most famous sendoff concert ever, an all-star affair that director Martin Scorsese documented in the concert film "The Last Waltz." Dylan, Neil Young, Van Morrison, Muddy Waters, Joni Mitchell, Eric Clapton, Neil Diamond and numerous others played at the concert in San Francisco that brought the Band's career to a close., Polling data is notoriously open to interpretation. Holton staffers argued that Rosenblum's poll was based on too small a sample size -- 305 telephone interviews in early May -- to be statistically valid in a statewide race., Freshman Mac Fleet (mile) and senior Nicole Blood (5,000) are No. 2. Keshia Baker (400), Elijah Greer (800), Jamesha Youngblood (long jump) and the women’s 4x400 relay rank third., Per smaller serving: 532 calories, 4 g protein, 72 g carbohydrate, 26 g fat (16 g saturated), 117 mg cholesterol, 73 mg sodium, 1 g fiber., "People shake off the shock of what they've gone through," Palmer said, "And then stuff starts to catch up.", The 6-2, 220-pound Notre Dame wide receiver was suspended in March 2011 after he was arrested for a DUI, his third alcohol-related offense in two years. A year later, he became an Arizona Cardinal with the 13th pick in the NFL draft., 1/4 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, crushed, Speaking in Latin, Benedict read out each of the names of the new "princes of the church" at the start of the Mass, eliciting roaring applause from the pews and smiles from the cardinals themselves., Human trafficking happens because prostitution is illegal ("House of ill-repute," July 29 ). Prostitution is illegal only because the majority of people don't like it. Making something a crime forces it underground which is what enables abuse to take place. What happens between two consenting adults should not be the business of anyone if no one is harmed., The incident caused an outcry from politicians and security experts, who accused the TSA of becoming “complacent since 9/11.” Coming on the heels of the failed terrorist attack on a Detroit-bound passenger jet, the Newark breach received national scrutiny., Just because the Broncos didn't sign SOMEBODY (Peyton Manning) or some bodies was not cause for a panic or a picnic at Dove Valley., A newer entry into the rental market is homes being rented by owners who haven't been able to sell. With information on local rental prices widely available online, these first-time landlords will likely be asking for market prices, says Jed Smith, managing director for quantitative research at the National Association of Realtors. Since their ultimate goal is to sell the property, these landlords may be more serious about maintenance of the property than a landlord who owns multiple properties, he says. So make sure a lease specifies who is responsible for taking care of—and paying for—what., Cetrella Bistro and Cafe 845 Main St. (at Monte Vista), Half Moon Bay; (650) 726-4090., Having written that … no one would deny just what a leap it represents to go from the NL West’s pitcher-friendly ballparks, favorable weather and underwhelming lineups to the AL East’s fierce lineups, hitters’ havens, early cold and summer humidity., "It's hitting the fan in my district, and people are extremely upset because of the spiking of their bills," said City Councilwoman Mary Pat Clarke, who has been calling for reform of the Bureau of Water and Wastewater. "We were contacted by 200 people from Ednor Gardens-Lakeside last month alone.", Jerry Kelsheimer, who left Huntington last summer, was named Monday as the new area president for the Cincinnati-based bank. The announcement was made by Todd Clossin, a regional president of Fifth Third Bank, whose territory spans from Ohio to Florida., But in the meantime, he expects there to continue to be a market -- albeit a shrinking one -- for DVD rentals. Redbox will pick up a lot of that demand. But Blockbuster can still be a player with its more extensive in-store selection compared to Redbox's limited titles, he said., Height/Weight: 5-11, 210., With Christie's help, Romney has raised $2.3 million to Obama's $1.8 million, according to Federal Election Commission records, while other candidates trail far behind. Donors who give less than $200 are not tallied in FEC records., 10. Citrus: Our 'Improved Meyer' produces thin-skinned, juicy fruit year round. Lemons can tolerate cooler climates, and smaller varieties will thrive in containers as long they're in a sunny location and get regular water and fertilizer., Adrian Vasquez, 18, the sole survivor aboard the fishing boat, recounted the 28 days he and two others drifted during what was supposed to be an overnight excursion. Vasquez said he had seen the cruise ship and signaled it when his two companions were still alive, but the ship didn't stop., "So, a lot of the sectors that have been hit (during the recession) have been sectors that employ low-skilled workers," she said. "And to the extent that immigrants, especially illegal immigrants, are low-skill workers more than the population on average, they are going to be hit harder.", He says he found no unwarranted stents., He may never be the .300-hitting, relatively error-free corner infielder who Tiger fans desire. (No player on the current roster attracts such mixed reviews among the team's most ardent followers)., Without much doubt, the A's finally have solved the Travesty at Third Base. And Brandon Inge believes he finally has found his home sweet home., 3235 Pulaski St, $10,119, To be sure, it's unclear that an Ohio presidential election pivots on the state unemployment rate; from county to county, conditions vary., “Strahan was just talking and being loud, his usual self. I’m usually the one who’s joking around, but I was dead serious that morning,” Umenyiora recalled Friday after the Giants’ second practice in advance of Super Bowl XLVI against the New England Patriots. “I was like, ‘Stray, in order for us to win this game, we’re going to have to get to the quarterback, we’re going to have to really get to him.’ And he was like, ‘Yeah, whatever.’ I made him put his fork down, and I was like, ‘I’m dead serious, man. We’re going to have to do this.’, “They continue to come after the working conditions and student learning conditions provided for in our contract,” Rosenau said., Wednesday's arrests come as top lawmakers appealed to health care professionals in the private sector to help combat Medicare fraud. Six members of the Senate Finance Committee announced a bipartisan effort to solicit ideas from interested stakeholders in the health care community looking for a fresh perspective and potential solutions that may have been overlooked., "Two years ago, Amazon effectively had a monopoly on the sale of e-books and e-readers, and was selling products below cost in an effort to exclude competitors," said Hachette., Child development experts said the findings were interesting but that it would be premature to suggest that the results could help explain the dramatic rise in diagnosed cases of autism over the last decade., Initiated in October 2008, Healthy Howard provides comprehensive, affordable health care to working-class families and individuals who have incomes higher than the eligibility level for entitlement programs like Medicaid, but still too low to afford private health insurance. Based on the primary care "medical home" model, with an emphasis on wellness and preventive services, Healthy Howard uses a local, federally qualified health center as our primary care home, paying the health center a monthly capitated rate for each Healthy Howard member, funded by the modest premiums ($50 to $85 per month, depending on income) paid by each member. These premiums also pay for contracts for lab work and most imaging procedures., The delay wasn't immediately explained at the time, but rescue workers later said the communications system added unnecessary complexity to the rescue, and that the miners didn't want it., i) Duck, Hogue played sparingly and mostly on special teams last year after the Lions drafted him as a developmental prospect in the fifth round out of Syracuse., Information is for summer 2010. Check for fall and winter hours and closures., Forecast Is Flat, "Rise" then shifts into a primate version of "Oz" as we see the social dynamics of what is essentially ape prison and watch Caesar rise to de facto leader of what becomes a full-on ape rebellion., This is so, so simple — but voters have to engage themselves long enough to realize that they're being snookered., As you shook your head sadly at all those empty seats, this thought may have come to mind: How will that franchise afford to pay Joey Votto $255 million for his next 12 years of work?, On that day, CNBC business reporter Rick Santelli stood on the floor of the Chicago Board of Trade and began ranting about the unfairness of it all. Not the bank bailout, mind you, but the 6.3 percent of the TARP program intended to help people modify their underwater mortgages., 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, If borrowers think the adjustable rate will jump higher than that fixed rate and will stay higher, then they should lock in. But it is a gamble. "You're going to pay more to convert," says Bob Walters, chief economist at Quicken Loans. "The question is, what do you think is going to happen to short-term rates?", In northern New Jersey, about 2,500 JCP&L customers remain without power, down from 18,000 at the peak of Saturday's windstorm, said John Anderson, a spokesman. A majority of customers still without power will be back online by early evening, he said., Below is a list of the Browns coaches and their records., True's body was discovered Saturday along a mountain stream in a remote part of the Gila Wilderness in southwestern New Mexico. The search began for him four days earlier after he failed to return from a routine 12-mile run., There was no immediate reaction from House Speaker John Boehner. Neither he nor his aides participated in the negotiations, although McConnell said he was optimistic about the measure's chances for final approval., oDon't think what you do is important? Remember, the United States has about 25 million small businesses or self-employed individuals. What we do individually adds up collectively, and we can set an example for our fellow entrepreneurs., 10. Change the locks., In 2007 he realized his dream of writing for the movies when he partnered with his son, Andrew, to write and produce the feature film "Kings of the Evening." A Los Angeles Time review praised the movie as "a warm, beguiling picture boasting an array of splendid portrayals. Set in a small racist Southern town, in which the Great Depression only worsens things for poor blacks, an aura of uplift emerges as a collective response to these dire conditions gradually grows.", Doug Smith, 66, shares that concern and conclusion. But the retired computer programmer has taken the unusual step of housing his annuity inside an Individual Retirement Arrangement., Another good thing about orange: It's a color that looks good on just about everyone., She has won her last eight starts., But as students and parents face college bills increasing faster than inflation, and as the state's share of the higher education costs have been shrinking, does this investment in sports make sense?, A spokesman for Level Global acknowledged the raid took place Monday., They can build the most sophisticated, technologically advanced wineries in the world, match them with immaculate, temperate cellars, and employ the most talented winemakers of a generation. But behind the neoclassical facades of Bordeaux's spectacular châteaux, the Bordelais understand that however much attention to detail they lavish on their vines, they cannot control mother nature., They wanted him to buy his car back from insurance, take the money and fix it up., Joseph Adda Jr. and Anna Kulow Adda of Ringoes recently celebrated their 65th wedding anniversary on March 14, 2012., 3026 Watercrest Rd; 2,252 square feet; on 2/22/2012 for $259,000, Coleman and Courtney Coe to win the 200-medley relay in 1:53.01., Initial notices have been good. Ira Silverberg, literature director at the National Endowment for the Arts, praised the LARB for "providing a really good service and a great breadth of material." Dan Kois, editor of a new book review at the online magazine Slate, has been impressed by the array of writers and a nascent "West Coast thoughtfulness.", I chatted recently with Mitch Reid about alternative fuel sources like the petroleum nut (Pittosporum resiniferum). I wonder if I could grow stuff like this here in Pacifica as a way to raise money for the city (and supplement my meager income as an ink-stained wretch)., Lucas said he was just getting to know Guffey, but described the couple as "a great match.", Before the market opened, McDonald's posted better quarterly profits, buoyed by warm weather and sales of new menu items like Chicken McBites and oatmeal. Sales picked up even in Europe, McDonald's' biggest market, despite economic turmoil and severe weather., Syracuse came first in mid-February and then Connecticut, Rutgers and Arizona State. Ogundeko committed to UConn in late February, but decommitted to “pursue other options” in early March and his recruitment has blown up. Among his many offers include Ohio State, Stanford, Maryland, Boise State, Purdue and Vanderbilt. Temple, Texas A&M and Florida have recently called as well., Alice and I traveled about 25 minutes down the winding road to Soledad one evening for dinner, deciding on Frankie's Grill, where I had tasty tilapia tacos with a nice smoky flavor. The atmosphere was a tad funky, but the food was fine and the price was right., What's more, Polanski surprisingly gets less than stellar performances from his A-list cast. Reilly and Winslet, both character actors of immense range and depth, somehow fall flat here, while Foster goes so vein-poppingly over-the-top with uptight self-righteousness that it's hard to take her seriously. Only Waltz, playing a corporate attorney with all the moral slipperiness that job implies, inhabits his character in a way that is both convincing and compelling., Top-ranked Subway was the only dining establishment to crack the top 10, with its increasing emphasis on fresh and healthy ingredients and sodium reduction while maintaining its reputation for budget meals., "This is one of our favorite spots to come and hang out," Gwen said. "This is where we spend so much time with friends.", Often times, the same credit card account can appear on your report two or three times if you get a new account number or if the card portfolio or bank gets sold., Among other things, SB 1070 made it a state crime to be in the country illegally and stated that an officer engaged in a lawful stop, detention or arrest must, when practicable, ask about a person's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that the person is in the U.S. illegally., Shane Mason was appointed senior engineer of the Control Development Group at Greensleeves LLC in Winter Springs, oNew Girl Zooey Deschanel made a statement in Kate Spade's Cherie coat, in the fuchsia shade of snapdragon, while shooting her Fox show in the City of Angels last week. $695 at KateSpade.com., Deschanel and Gordon-Levitt have been friends since 2000 and she says she hopes "to do a thousand more movies with him.", Edsall said Thursday that it would serve no useful purpose to rehash each player's situation. "We've moved on from that," he said., Conaway is probably best remembered for portraying John Travolta's best friend Kenickie in the blockbuster 1978 film adaptation of the musical "Grease." After the film, Conaway went on to co-star in the popular and acclaimed sitcom "Taxi," as Bobby Wheeler, an out of work actor who moonlights as a taxi-driver., "That was basically my only accomplishment in college," he said., She said she knows that if she waits for full Social Security benefits at age 66, the government will likely move the age requirement into the 70s to save the system from the coming 78 million baby boom hoard., The agency authorized removal of up to 92 sea lions annually through May 2016 but estimates that 25 to 30 will be taken each year. The authorization allows taking only sea lions having a "significant negative impact" on salmon and steelhead., Born in London, he grew up in New Delhi. Attending the University of Portland, he says, was his first experience in the United States -- and an important step on the road that led him to co-starring on one of the most popular shows on TV., Kendrea* Age: 30 Town: Kansas City Job: Kansas City Chiefs cheerleader Best date: "I went out with this guy and a group of his friends. We just went to different bars in town. ... It was just fun hanging out with people I hadn't met before, and this guy at the time, I really liked him." Worst date: "It was a DJ. I called and requested a song, and he turned out to be this really cool guy. We talked on the phone for a long time, so I agreed to come to his studio and meet him. ... It was uncomfortable for everybody that was there. I was like, why did I do this? He wasn't the person I met on the phone. He acted like he had to prove something to me." What she's looking for: A tall, funny, athletic, attractive, spontaneous guy who will dance with her and knows what he wants and goes after it. What friends say: "Guys see that she's a Chiefs cheerleader, so they have this assumption she's going to be ditsy. Then they see she went to law school, so she'll be intelligent and quiet. Then she starts getting all crazy and goofy. ... I think guys are just like, whoa, I have three different girlfriends at one time." -Tonya Ware Last words: "I hate those games where he has to wait three days to call me. If you like me, let me know, so I don't have to sit there and figure it out. ... When I first go out with a guy, if he doesn't already know I'm a cheerleader, I don't let him know until I feel there's a connection. ... Sometimes I feel like, if I like this guy, I'm going to have to be the one to call him. I like guys who take initiative." * The Chiefs don't release the last names of their cheerleaders., Turns out it doesn't have to be that way., Democrats at the Capitol say cuts since January total $15 billion, while Republicans say they believe spending reductions are actually around $7 billion. By either measure, California will look different., Founder of the Matrix Theatre Company, Detroit, She has also hired AKPD Message and Media, a leading Democratic consulting firm founded by David Axelrod, President Obama’s senior campaign adviser. While other potential candidates have issued cryptic statements on their aspirations, Buono’s leave little room for interpretation., And what happens if a talking-to doesn<U+0092>t work?, Game 4 will be Sunday afternoon in Los Angeles. Only three teams have rallied from a 3-0 series deficit. The Kings are 7-1 in the playoffs and have won four straight games., Renault SA and Nissan Motor Co. agreed to spend $750 million combined to acquire a controlling stake in OAO AvtoVAZ, the struggling Russian maker known for outdated and unreliable cars, in a bet that country's continued growth will allow them to leapfrog rivals., Jonathan Eames of BirdLife International, which has been tracking the status of the Gurney's pitta, says efforts to create a park to protect bird's habitat failed because of the military's push to replace forests with oil palm plantations in the Tenasserim Range. Similar clearing occurred earlier across the bird's territory in Thailand., This fashionable and affordable River North hot spot is probably better known for its cocktails (especially in its downstairs, cash-only lounge), but this small-plates specialist has a compact but thoughtfully chosen beer selection, including nine large-format (650-750 ml) options. 230 W. Kinzie St., 312-464-9544, But Geoffrey Mearns, a former federal prosecutor and the provost at Cleveland State University, said the use of Sweeney's photo does not necessarily mean prosecutors suspect him of any crime., “Owning Grace through her racing career has been the highlight of my time in horse racing,” said Porter. “She was a wonderful, wonderful racehorse, and I feel confident she'll be an equally wonderful broodmare., Asked about the on-field confrontation, Moyer said, "Whatever happens on the field, stays on the field. That's how I look at it.", Oregon vaulter Jordan Roskelley had a pole snap on her and appeared to injure one of her hands. She did not advance., Crews flipped an upside down sign advising travelers of a traffic signal ahead at the West 150th/West 130th Street exit. The spin job occurred after Road Rant mentioned that the marker -- which showed a traffic signal with the green light above the red light -- didn't look quite right., But, there's no price tag for the experience of winning the Kentucky Derby., Here are our photo editors' picks for the best Roy photos from the 2010-11 season:, Dish after dish arrived at our table: spicy Romanesco-style roasted corn, flash-fried broccolini with a sweet agave lime syrup, cubed Okinawa sweet potatoes in a chipotle sauce, a fresh kale and Parmesan salad. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the tiki masala chicken drumettes., Holland, who had a five-hit shutout the last time he started at Progressive Field on June 4, gave up five hits, one earned run and struck out six over 7 1-3 innings., With a progressive tax system -- supposedly requiring the rich to pay more of their income than the poor -- it's indefensible that some wealthy people enjoy preferential treatment. It subverts any sense of fairness. And raising the top rate wouldn't much hurt the economy if the rate isn't punitive. To me, 30 percent seems reasonable. It's lower than today's top rate, 35 percent; and it roughly equals the top rate on capital gains (mainly profits from stock sales) in the late 1980s. That was 28 percent; the economy did fine., Organic farming has been touted by supporters as a more environmentally sustainable method of farming that's better for consumers because crops contain fewer man-made chemicals. But without the high-nitrogen fertilizers and pesticides often employed in conventional agriculture, it's also less efficient., Also ejected onto the center median were the brothers’ mother, Stavroula Iliopoulos, 51, and sister, Fotiny Iliopoulos, 20, Castellanos said., Tarver is often the first to arrive when Kaldi opens at 6:30 on weekdays. But, on one cloudy Monday morning, the first is Robert Troccolo, who studied film at Syracuse University before moving to Los Angeles in 2008, hoping to make movies. Troccolo lives in an Atwater Village apartment, works as a freelance researcher for Netflix, and in his spare time writes the screenplay he hopes will give him his first taste of Hollywood success., When he awoke from his coma 19 days later, he was deaf in one ear after being hit in the head with a baseball bat, and he couldn't walk because of injuries to his nervous system., “(I want) to make the board as transparent as possible, to have more community involvement and input,” he said. “This is their board, and they should feel empowered to be involved with it.”, At first, the program was run as a satellite to the UCLA liver transplant program, with Dr. David Imagawa in charge. Surgeons performed 105 transplants in the first seven years, surpassing the federal minimum of 12 per year., Many of the Bay Area's century-old businesses share a survival factor that wasn't mentioned by Ward -- genetic luck., As with romance novels, romantica features an old-fashioned love story and pop-culture references like those found in "chick lit." Plus, there is sex—a lot of it. Yet unlike traditional erotica, romantica always includes what's known as "HEA"—"happily ever after.", As introduced, Colorado's proposal would require that the poorest readers be identified as soon as kindergarten and identified for grade retention. The worst readers would receive extra help called "intervention," and for those still in the lowest category by the end of third grade, the state would recommend flunking., The $6.14 billion in projects will go before voters in a referendum next year. There, residents will consider the project list along with a 10-year 1 percent sales tax to fund it., "Our ambition is to get numbers forward and attack teams, especially at home and put them under pressure," Wilkinson said., That was the moment when many a baseball fan began to see the game for what it really is – a business, with labor (the players) and management (the owners) more than willing to ignore the gauzy romance of America's pastime for the reality of cold, hard cash., The velodrome will revive a vacant property, house neighborhood sports teams and provide Slavic Village residents with jobs and a place to exercise, Kittredge said. It will complement new athletic fields at South and Cleveland Central Catholic high schools, the First Tee Golf Course and the Morgana Bike Trail., 1999: Should Wisconsin pull off the upset over Oregon on Jan. 2, the 1999 season would probably slide down to second best of all time in Wisconsin football history. But until that happens, ’99 should be considered the top. The Badgers won their second consecutive Big Ten title and their second consecutive Rose Bowl, a 19-7 victory over Stanford, finishing the season 10-2. All-American running back Ron Dayne, the 1999 Heisman winner, finished with 200 yards and one touchdown on 34 carries., No one has been arrested in Delric's death., Jersey City P.A.L. is now registering children between the ages 8-13 for free basketball and soccer leagues. Registration forms can be completed online at jcpal.org or by calling the P.A.L. office at (201) 434-3366. In-person registration dates to be announced. Volunteer coaches are needed and greatly appreciated., 3 p.m. Washington at N.Y. Rangers, WKYC, Mullin took off alone from Palm Springs Saturday morning and reported having trouble descending through the clouds in Northern California., As much as they tried — and they tried twice — they couldn’t make the union last. But they did make at least one great picture together, “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf,” which won Taylor her second Oscar., "He's a solid news guy who wants to tell stories," said Marcy McGinnis, a former CBS producer and now associate dean of Stony Brook University's School of Journalism. "It's kind of refreshingly simple.", The Sacramento County Public Law Library, which provides the public with free access to legal information, receives $572,000 from the county toward the lease of its building., Takedowns: Cleveland Heights tidied up after an old job., Ed Campbell, Gobezie has performed the procedure, which uses donated cadaver cartilage, on four patients to date. He places a graft of donor bone and cartilage arthroscopically through a small window between the muscles of the rotator cuff, sparing the damage usually caused in an open surgery. This minimally invasive surgery leaves only a small scar., Sacramento appears to have been marked down for a large number of high ozone air pollution days, a high teen birth rate, a high number of preventable hospital stays and a violent crime rate., Ironically, I was raised to think this was proper, but once I reached a certain age, everyone seemed to change their minds., Carona was allowed to remain free until July 24 and then start serving his sentence., investigation without an indictment, and without finding any criminal wrongdoing, is a, Annette Bening - The Kids Are All Right, “The guys all like him and respect him. We never have to worry about his attitude.’’, Celebration travel — birthdays, weddings, anniversaries — is a staple. "We had a lovely young couple who were going to be in Kenya and decided they'd like to get married. We were able to arrange a Masai wedding." One family chartered the Sea Cloud for a 50th birthday celebration for 50 people., Within the last 9 months, four officers have faced DUII allegations while off-duty. Two sergeants have faced allegations of off-duty road rage., The school system will take over operations at six centers attached to schools and the quasi-public Family League is slated to take over 10 centers., More Orange County beach news:, Sethna pointed out that extradition may not be the only answer. Bartoli became a naturalized Peruvian citizen through his previous marriage -- a status that could be revoked., Finally, according to a study by three Harvard professors, it’s important to note that 73% of for-profit colleges' revenue comes from federal financial aid; for some institutions, federal aid accounts for more than 80% of revenue., Beaverton gets some shout-outs: True, Hank knew Addison was fishy when he learned the guy drove all the way from Mount Hood to Beaverton to go to the hospital. But at least Beaverton got a mention as the location for the hapless hiker guy's dog-washing business (actually Hair of the Dog, on Northeast Alberta St.), The Salahis' lawyer, Lisa Bloom, tells the Daily Beast that Goldberg barged backstage screaming, "I didn't (bleeping) hit you! Did you say I (bleeping) hit you?", Meanwhile, Sullivan told the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee that the 11 Secret Service agents and officers were telling different stories to investigators about who the women were. Sullivan has dispatched more investigators to Colombia to interview the women, said Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., Authorities in Alsip, Ill., said they got a tip that Jeffrey Stone and his son were at a hotel there. Officers found the car at the hotel, and saw Porter on a hotel surveillance video., 7-9 p.m. Independence outdoor bandstand on Brecksville Road, near Old Town Hall, led by NEO Church worship band., The Brewer administration's stance, The business community, Reza said, "came in and used their political clout to put a stop to some of this mainly because of the economic consequences." In 2011 other bills designed to crack down on illegal immigration, such as one challenging birthright citizenship, got nowhere in the Arizona Legislature., It was sort of like Frankenmuth, but with actual Germans., Time tends to heal all wounds. And Coleman herself admits that some president after her will probably put the banners back up at Crisler. But why delay it? The wounds have healed. Enough time has passed. The Fab Five doesn<U+0092>t have to be celebrated or honored. There was plenty of bad to go along with the good., $50: Pays for curriculum printing/education and outreach., Some experts even say the bats that are infected now aren’t as sick as the ones at the start of the outbreak. They say the holes that the fungus creates in an infected bat’s wings are smaller and the death toll is lower., Sonoma County isn't the only region inviting visitors to get up close and personal with the vines., I'd been to Breckenridge before but never like this., These are ideas that have support from Democrats; they have support from Republicans around the country, independents around the country. I want to work with Congress to get them done., World Heavyweight Championship, Horn is a Times staff writer, So, yes, there probably will be grief during menopause, Northrup writes. "There's a death of the old self," she says, perhaps a loss of certain identities. Children leave home -- sometimes triggering further changes, when they are no longer there to distract from what might have turned into a no-longer-satisfying marriage., In 2008, in her first pageant, Pam Wheeler was crowned Ms. Senior Orange County. In 2009, she made it to first runner-up in the Ms. Senior California. This year, she won Ms. Senior Conejo Valley in May and took the Ms. Senior California 2010 crown over the weekend in Carlsbad., Along with local and imported produce, honey, mustard, breads and croissants, shoppers can dine on made-to-order omelets and crepes, paella, pizzas, pastas, panini and chocolate desserts. Shrimp skewers join other popular market dishes, such as lamb chops and dauphinoise potatoes., The good: The Nike FuelBand offers a simple design that stays out of the way during most physical activities. The accompanying iOS app and Nike+ website offer great motivational tricks too., Police found Jones' body in nearby woods, where he was living, after searching the church building., A: Radioactive iodine is one of the most significant airborne contaminants released in a nuclear accident because it will accumulate to high levels in the thyroid gland of those who breath it in. Taking potassium iodide floods the thyroid with stable iodine, thus preventing the radioactive form from gathering in the gland. It protects only the thyroid, not other parts of the body, and does nothing to prevent harm from other radioactive elements released in a nuclear accident, such as cesium., MEDINA “Children of Eden” isn’t one of the better-known Biblical musicals being produced on stage these days. As a matter of fact, the music, lyrics and book are substandard and not on the same level as such productions as “Godspell,” Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat” and “Jesus Christ Superstar.”, A few days ago, I attended Imagine K12's "demo day" where a group of startups in the education space pitched their companies to potential funders., Movie Gallery, though, never managed to digest its larger competitor. The company has filed for bankruptcy not once, but twice, since the deal, in part due to the roughly $600 million in debt it assumed., Rachael Holehouse, By midday Friday, 12 hours before the funding would run out, most federal employees had been told whether they had been deemed essential or would be temporarily laid off in the event of a shutdown., But to do so would kill the initiative. There simply isn’t time to gather the required number of signatures on petitions with the new language before the May 6 deadline., When a consumer files a CSPA case, he's not just acting for himself. He steps into the shoes of the attorney general, acting on behalf of all consumers. He can only sue for monetary damages on his own behalf, but if he prevails, he can use his case to have a practice declared unfair or ask the court to prohibit the cheating company from mistreating other customers in the future., "Do I want more physical play inside and more physical play all the way around? Yeah," Greatwood said. "But the bottom line is that we've got the kids that we've got and we have to find a way to make them work against the LSUs of the world.", Financial companies rose 1.5 percent, the largest gain of any of the 10 company groups that make up the S&P index., "We couldn't stop Tillie; he got 20 kills and nobody for us got more than seven," said Scates, who led the Bruins to 49 postseason appearances in his 50 years. "He hit the ball so well we had to put more focus on him and that opened up other things for other guys. Irvine is good enough to win it all.", And the weaker March figures suggest any momentum from the winter has stalled, said Dan Greenhaus, chief global strategist at BTIG in New York., ON WORKING "UNDERCOVER", Yes, I want that very much., 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) butter or margarine, Abbott proposed limiting dispensing of the drug at a specialty pharmacy and urging closer monitoring of vital signs and weight during the first three months of treatment., Next, a website devoted to TV news themes, local and nationally. You can download, for example, "The Big News" theme from the early days of Channel 2 news at Columbia Square. Here is the link: www.southernmedia-nmsa.com., Crews this month finished installing a second new press, a smaller B-sized line. Joy Hatcher, the engineer who's been handling the upgrade project, said it should be running test parts in January and up to full production by March., "The biggest reason is the lack of movement on many issues," Rosenau said., To get rid of all that extra stuff, the company says it is holding 20 percent more online auctions than it did last year. The company declined to say how many it was holding., Families got to take a chance to win a bicycle supplied by Sal Piccolo of the Madison Bicycle Shop, 14 Kings Rd., and donated by Peter Daniele of Rose City Collision, 291 Main St. The winner of the bicycle was the Graham Family of Madison. In addition to the bicycle, they also received a beautiful bouquet of flowers donated by Coviello Brothers, 245 Main St., and car wash coupons and products donated by Ken Maietta, owner of Madison Car Wash, 267 Main St., If I had a favorite Dodger, it was Sandy Koufax. He was modest and unassuming, and he left at the height of his career when he could have played longer. He had enough strength to walk away and not stay too long as some do., Officials said McEady, 48, of Camden, failed to mention the beating in a report, and the inmate didn’t speak up. Instead, the Department of Corrections began to investigate after a routine review of a video showing the inmate’s transfer., mark.cannizzaro@nypost.com, Cover with foil and cook until the sweet potatoes are tender, 45-50 minutes. Place the pecans on a separate pan and roast until fragrant, 8-10 minutes. Cool slightly, then roughly chop., The men's Olympic tournament runs July 29-Aug. 12 and the women's from July 28-Aug. 11., Because of the recession and sluggish recovery, job prospects aren't as solid for today's young adults as they were for older siblings or parents, making it tough to repay debts. Unemployment rates are higher for those in their 20s and early 30s, and many employers have cut retirement, health and other benefits., The Cake Gallery of San Francisco, 290 Ninth St. (near Folsom); (415) 861-2253. thecakegallerysf.com. Open Monday-Saturday., The top of Volcán Barú is anything but pristine. Its altitude makes it an ideal transmission point for television and cellular phone signals, and a large flat area just shy of the summit hosts a small forest of towering antennas looming over squat concrete bunkers housing equipment and the engineers that maintain it., OLD BRIDGE — Texas Roadhouse at 1000 Route 9 in Old Bridge will host a benefit for the Sayreville Pet Adoption Center tomorrow from 3 to 10 p.m., None were. Abrams' address was a Hilton Hotel in Miami with no record of him. Ray's was an Orlando condo with no such owner. West's was a nonexistent address in Tarpon Springs., By Lee Fisher, Rather, they asked themselves why Arlington Woods had failed for so long. In doing so, they realized that students struggled on standardized tests that often define schools not only because they were academically unprepared but also because they lacked the focus and stamina needed for the grueling exams. They understood that their students failed to retain information learned weeks and months earlier. They saw how much classroom time was lost because of disruptions and chaos. They understood that students rarely had high expectations placed before them. They felt apathy in the building., Neither Taliana nor Crowder has answered questions publicly. The judge did issue a statement denying wrongdoing, insisting that things were not as they might seem and pledging to return the cash., "If we can't use the fund this year, when can we use it?" Mo. Rep. Bill White (R-Joplin) said during the tour., “I came Monday and I came today,” Scott said. “It’s the same result. I can’t get any treatment.”, Buckner was traded to the Red Sox by the Chicago Cubs in May 1984 and released in July 1987. He rejoined them in 1990 then retired after 22 games., The jobs of deputies assigned to the jails would not be jeopardized because the civilian assistants would be phased in as deputies are transferred out of the jails and into patrol assignments, department officials said., (Mine involves shoving all the papers off my desk while shouting, "I've HAD IT," then driving to the coast. Pretty tame, but hey, it does the job.), It isn't that Carruth was spectacular; it's just that he was focused and did his job., Jump in! We're going for a short ride to get a real-deal happy meal -- foods that raise your spirits as they lower your blood pressure, LDL cholesterol and your risk for cancer, heart disease and diabetes., There's a new site for that. It's called BackBid (www.backbid.com), and within hours of his telling it about his confirmed reservation at the St. Regis, where a standard room starts at $579 a night, seven competing hotels had contacted him with lower prices., Favorite singers/bands: James Hall, Santogold, M.I.A., Freestyle Fellowship, Pigeon John, Mike Patton, Nina Hagen, the Ramones, Temptations, Rolling Stones, Foo Fighters, Old 97's, the Oohlas, Ohio did receive an "A" for smoke-free air, she added., "If you hit the snooze button more than twice you are probably sleep-deprived," says sleep expert Michael J. Breus, PhD. Another clue is if you fall asleep in less than 10 minutes., The downside of playing a festival such as Coachella is that the gig usually comes with "radius clauses," contractual rules against performing in the areas surrounding the festivals in the months before and after., The NCAA meet also will be contested on a 200-meter banked track., oFischer believes the charge against Gocha was appropriate, saying that had he not started the fight, there never would have been one., Those can be some very enjoyable nights. Though you'd rather be playing the game, you get to talk with people you'd normally not have a chance to., "Four thumbs-up," Viviana said of the ferry ride, raising her thumbs as well as her big toes., Sent: Tue 10/25/2011 2:25 PM, LAKE OSWEGO -- State highway crews are doing maintenance work along Oregon 43, and officials are warning that motorists may face delays., Huge legacy, Happily, Alison says, her dad's heart-in-the-right-place efforts were limited to the occasional not-so-subtle nudge., Tuesday's 9-3 win over the Royals marks the sixth time the Tigers have scored six or more runs this season:, Tragedy and black comedy radiate from that mighty shaking of earth on the morning of April 18, 1906, and its fiery aftermath. So do altruism, greed, cynicism, denial, dramatic irony and a plucky, future-be-damned flair for high adventure., "I have no idea what the 49ers said to people at City Hall," Alquist said, explaining that she simply wanted to help expedite the process. "I had nothing to do with that.", as school registration, free or reduced-price lunch applications, notary services, health information and haircuts will be featured at the city school district's Back to School and Community Empowerment Festival. Free backpacks filled with school supplies will be distributed to the first 7,000 students. Hours are 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday at Chaifetz Arena, 1 South Compton Avenue. Free parking will be available on the Harris-Stowe State University, "Welcome home!" the crowd shouted as Rachowicz pulled up in a white limousine at the Cabela's store, thanking everyone for their well wishes., Medeiros broke his wrist while he was rehearsing Dickon's first song, "Winter's on the Wing." "I jumped on the bench, but I jumped too far," he explained. "The bench went over, knocking my feet out from under me. I broke my fall with my wrist.", "I got scared for a moment," Montoya said. "But this is the state title that I could actually lose. That last lap, it was hurting.", KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- As predicted, storms marching eastward through northwestern Oklahoma, central Kansas and southern Nebraska have unleashed a string of tornadoes., None of that surprises the Landwerlens. Trying economic times actually are good for them., CECC is now accepting applications on a rolling basis for start dates beginning June 4., As details of the summit were being finalized, talks were already underway between state and NYPD officials about the recent revelations of Muslim surveillance, according to a high-ranking state law enforcement official who requested anonymity because the talks were confidential., oJones, 53, describes I'll Have Another as a "yoga specialist" who has complete range of motion in his joints. He laughed, saying he wouldn't be surprised if the horse could put his leg behind his head. As a result, I'll Have Another should be able to take long strides, using less energy to get around the track., While many people, Ms. Campbell included, subscribe to the belief that life begins at conception, many other people, including Christians, Jews and non-religious people, are not so certain. It is clearly not acceptable in a free and secular society for Ms. Campbell and her supporters to use the power of the state to impose their religious beliefs upon those of us who believe differently - unless, of course, Ms. Campbell can prove scientifically exactly when a fertilized egg becomes "human.", Manny saw the ball. He hit the ball. It didn't matter how hard you threw it or how much you bent it or if you threw it at him. Sooner or later, he would hit it so far it would make your spine tingle., I flew from Tokyo to Frankfurt on Feb. 3 and could feel the Dreamliner differences. My contact lenses didn't dry out as much as they usually do on long flights; same for my nose. I only slept an hour, partly because a nearby infant wailed several times during the night, even though the Dreamliner is supposed to lessen air-pressure pain in babies. Still, I wasn't dragging as much as I usually am after sleepless overnight trips., He is No. 210 on the money list with $33,960. In his first five seasons on the PGA Tour, he averaged $107,585 per tournament. If he doesn't turn it around soon, Kim is in danger of losing his card., Kobe Bryant had 28 points for the Lakers and former Blazer Steve Blake added 17, scoring on five of six shots from three-point range., Tebow's days were numbered in Denver when Manning chose the Broncos as his next destination. They are two entirely different quarterbacks and it made little sense to keep Tebow as a backup because the Broncos were going to have a vastly different offense under Manning, one of the most precise passers in league history., So true, says Jan Whitaker, author of the forthcoming, "The World of Department Stores," (Vendome Press, $60), who has written extensively about the American department store., U.S. stocks advanced, following the biggest monthly decline for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index since September, after a better-than-estimated manufacturing report bolstered optimism in the world’s largest economy., On Wednesday, Ford President of the Americas Mark Fields said those concessions have allowed the automaker to bring 1,340 jobs back to the company's U.S. plants from suppliers or Ford plants in Mexico. By the end of 2012, Ford plans to bring back another 635 jobs., Kate Barber also contributed for Lafayette with two assists. Mary Beth Shearn picked up the win in goal for Lafayette. Parker Harrington scored for Ladue., This particular letter writer lies somewhere in between on the privacy scale, but in these days of easy Internet searches, privacy is a relative thing. It will not ease his mind to learn that in a matter of minutes, any savvy webcrawler could find out his age, where he's lived before, his party affiliation, any brushes he's had with the law and whom he's donated money to -- in addition to his street address., Also posting an earnings gain Thursday was Applied Industrial Technologies, a Cleveland company that supplies hundreds of different industrial parts to manufacturers and offers logistics services., Nuntaporn Khorcharoen, whose home is adjacent to the heavily inundated Bang Phlat district, said her family had stocked up and was staying put., The Sacramento show will be especially memorable because of a couple of connections that Tech N9ne holds with the city. First, he signed Sacramento native Brotha Lynch Hung to his Strange Music record label back in 2009. Second, he drafted Sacramento's Chino Moreno and Stephen Carpenter of the Deftones for the song "If I Could," a surprisingly stripped-down but climactic rock-rap hybrid that appeared on the album "All 6's and 7's" (noted by Spin magazine last year as a top summer release)., "It went right along with the Adventure to Fitness program that we did," Varlack said. "We make little connections like that all the time. It's really relevant to what we're doing., Avoiding high taxes on rental cars is as easy as avoiding renting a car in places such as San Francisco, Chicago and Boston - which is to say, practically impossible. If you're traveling to those cities, you're going to get slammed by taxes., And that is the most shocking aspect of the county's slow, incremental shift toward abandoning its regional parks. If you were to ask nearly any county resident how much they'd be willing to pay yearly to keep parks open, most would likely be willing to hand over $5, maybe even $10., Hours: 11:30 a.m.-10 p.m. Monday, 11:30 a.m.-11 p.m. Tuesday and Wednesday, 11:30 a.m.-midnight Thursday through Saturday, 10 a.m.- 10 p.m. Sunday, How much of a push there will be for workers and equipment installations first depends on how soon AAR finds customers who need airplane repairs and maintenance., On Sunday, the man slipped under a security ribbon at Terminal C after a guard briefly left his post, entering an area where passengers already had been screened. A woman lifted the ribbon for him, and after the two shared a kiss, they walked together past the guard’s desk. Federal officials, under pressure from Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-N.J.), released a grainy video of the maneuver Thursday., Bear Creek 55, Heritage 14, Producer Thomas Langmann dedicated his best picture Oscar to his filmmaker father, who died in 2009. "Thank you from the bottom of my heart ... not only because we have received tonight a prize any filmmaker would dream to receive," he said, "but because you are offering me the opportunity to pay tribute to the member of this academy who I miss so much, Claude Berri.", More on this coming, The Rock Creek Campus, named "Recycler of the Year" by the Association of Oregon Recyclers in 2008, is known for its vermi-composting system, which has brought students and community members together to integrate recycling into the curriculum of several academic programs. Its Loop Program consists of students growing cafeteria food in the community garden, thanks to the vermi-composting of cafeteria food scraps, which eventually become nutrient-rich worm castings that enrich garden's soil. This practice creates a closed-loop system the heart of sustainable practice. Thanks to students' hard work, vegetables grown from the community garden are harvested for the cafeteria and the Oregon Food Bank., "Then the next year I met kids my age from Berkeley High School who were just ridiculous and I asked them 'How do you play so good?' They said, 'Practice.' So I started practicing a lot more, hanging with guys who were taking it seriously. I jumped in with the right crowd.", My 250,000 kid figure is just an estimate, based on Bush's previous comments and my conversation with his wife. But what my educated guess demonstrates is the effect one person can have in this life and the idea that as sophisticated and technologically-driven as the world has become, we still have not outgrown community and certain old-fashioned connections with the past., However, for most children, simply anticipating those injections can stir up crocodile tears and refusal to get in the car., Stand a pastry bag fitted with a plain tip (No. 6 size) in a drinking glass, then fill bag with batter. Pipe onto baking sheets lined with parchment paper, making 1 1/4-inch circles spaced 2 inches apart. If batter is so thin that it runs out of bag, spoon it onto baking sheets by rounded teaspoonfuls., 7. Tanner Brown, CM, 20-0, This is a time, Stoller said, that the nation should be preserving and expanding its physician force. Keeping training programs will be a challenge., "It was tough, but they had no other options," Williams said. "There is no time for nostalgia right now.", Q: (inaudible) turn the game after the first period?, “Oh, yeah, one more thing,” said the Z Man: “Go Giants.”, Sirius XM, home to programing by Howard Stern and Major League Baseball, continues to expect net subscriber additions of 1.6 million for 2011., Larkin got 52 percent when he appeared on the ballot for the first time in 2010. He received the largest single-year percentage increase to gain election since 1948, when pitcher Herb Pennock was elected with 77.7 percent, a year after finishing with 53.4 percent., Morgan was last seen Wednesday morning leaving her mother's home in Canby. She failed to return home Wednesday night as expected, authorities said., Base-coat the box in your desired color and then coat with glitter. Let dry. Glue the scrapbook paper to the inside panel of the box. Decide how you want to stage your Peep., Mike Perlis, who last November became the first non-Forbes family member to land the CEO job since its founding, was also not commenting., Q. You don't find us rude, crude and loud?, 6618, Marsi Thelin, Portland, 4:06:43., The Pistons' interior defense picked up, and he provided energy and some toughness as he seemed to respond to Frank's faith., TJ Martin, Dan Lindsay and Richard Middlemas, That's easy. They don't believe they have to., While one parent was represented, there were no teachers protesting the board's decision., The measure would restore the U.S. Department of Transportation’s ability to determine whether tolls were "just and reasonable." It would also require the Government Accountability Office, the investigative arm of Congress, to report on and recommend ways to increase the transparency and accountability of toll agencies., Immediately after the shooting, Trott sped away in a Jeep Cherokee, driving north on Route 1 with Williams in the passenger’s seat. The Jeep struck other cars as Trott fled. The two suspects were stopped in traffic in a jughandle on Route 1 and Old Post Road in Edison, where Trott was captured., "Though we do not believe Jesus was resurrected, we do believe God lifted him up to him, and that there will one day be a second coming," Amer said., "He did a great job," Hitchcock said. "He came in like a good relief pitcher, tossed a shutout.", William Green DL 6-3 250 Florida Hoover, Ala., Time/place: 9 to 11 a.m., Penton Media Building Conference Center (main lobby), 1300 E. Ninth St., Cleveland., In a rare instance of bipartisanship, House Republicans and Democrats praised the legislation and said the new system would allow Americans and other groups to comb the website and find out how taxpayer dollars are being spent., Their Cessna Turbo crashed while making a stop in Saratoga on the way home to Eugene., Buses typically provide one of the safest modes of transportation, with 54 crashes and 186 fatalities from 1999 to 2008., Yes 1,442, It sounds like a slam-dunk case against the senator. Yet when asked about this strategy, David Cohen, a University of Akron political-science professor, said, "I would say be careful what you wish for.", "All of our efforts come back to education," she said, and while St. Louis can try to attract bright stars from other cities, the "low-hanging fruit is educating our own population.", The Commission has also warned that the company's new privacy policy may break EU rules on data protection. Google has until Thursday to respond to 11 pages of detailed questions about its new policy posed by France's data protection authority, which is leading the privacy probe on behalf of its European counterparts., "Actually, I would have loved it, especially with my son, but it was a 50-minute joy flight, and that was just too long. I had a meeting to get to," he said., His daughter-in-law, Beth Morgan, told the Associated Press that he died at his home in Brentwood, Calif., after having pneumonia., C.S. Christian 68, Dolores Huerta 58, Visteon "intends to cooperate fully with the European Commission in the context of its ongoing investigation" and has responded to the request, which regulators made in the third quarter of 2011. It is not able to estimate "any possible range of loss that may ultimately result from this investigation," the company said., -- POPE on if there is a disappointment after losing, The surface drudgery of a bad date isn't the only hazard of thoughtless matchmaking, though: It also holds insult potential when you get paired with your definition of a grasping lowlife or galloping head case., Kate Cary, a 35-year-old former Catholic school teacher, formed the Ale Mary's defense group after being repelled by Frost's group., -- When hiring a tax preparer, avoid guarantees. If a tax preparer guarantees a certain amount of refund money or bases its fee on a percentage amount of your refund, be very, very careful., In counterpoint, Democrats could claim, also justly, that Ohio's overall budget would be solid as Gibraltar but for the mess George W. Bush's presidency left in Washington (and most everywhere else)., It is really hard to gaze into the huge saltwater aquarium at "The Seas" pavilion at Walt Disney World's Epcot without wishing mightily to jump in and swim with all those creatures., Long before he signed the deficit reduction letter, LaTourette, along with every other GOP member of Congress from Ohio, signed a "taxpayer protection pledge" sponsored by Norquist's group, Americans for Tax Reform., Given those numbers, it would be impossible for school districts to comply with state statute and accept any of these students who wished to transfer, Supreme Court Judge Patricia Breckenridge wrote in her dissenting opinion to the July ruling in favor of Turner., "You might not have the names as of today that you'd recognize, but in two or three years, you're going to recognize some of those names as being the top guys in the whole league," Phoenix captain Shane Doan said. "They've got a great team over there that plays well as a group., In 2009, a state study committee concluded that drilling on state parkland would generate $3 million to $5 million a year, including drilling at Salt Fork State Park, which it said could generate $11.3 million to $16.7 million over 20 years. Those figures were somewhat more conservative than a 2007 Ohio oil and gas executives' estimate that a larger program with 200 wells could bring in $20 million in lease payments and $300 million in landowner royalties over a decade., But prices were down; with a median price of $114,900, compared with $123,625 a year earlier, according to the St. Louis Association of Realtors., Others have come to Thomas’ defense, including UO running back Kenjon Barner., Major hurricanes: 3, (On if Trent Richardson is the best running back in the draft since Adrian Peterson)- "That's the same thing, you can say all you want, but there have been some really good college players who haven't turned out so well. He was replacing a guy that was pretty good, Mark Ingram. He was pretty good. To say he is that much better, that's for other people to decide. We have to look at this year.", Assistant Atty. Gen. Lanny Breuer, head of the Justice Department's criminal division, said the arrests, fourth in a series of Medicare fraud takedowns over the last two years, served as another warning to future scammers., Is he worth more than $885,000, the league minimum for players with three years experience?, Just when the movie seems unrelentingly grim, however, things take an unlikely turn for the better. Last Days Here heads north on I-95, and Liebling miraculously meets a much younger woman from Philadelphia who finds his charms irresistible. For a while, anyway., "It didn't surprise me at all," Braun said about Suppan, who played for Milwaukee for four seasons. "He's had plenty of success. It's disappointing. It'd be nice if we could have gotten to him.", The car sustained $2,000 in damage. No drugs or alcohol are suspected., I walk my dogs most mornings at a particular greenbelt area. Along the way I meet Bonnie the pitbull and her "dad"; Harley the Australian shepherd and her mom; Anubis the Labrador and his dad; the "parents" of Newfie Buddha, Australian cattle dog Sally, shiba inu Shibi and many others. We always stop to talk with each other while our dogs meet and greet. There's nothing like a happy-go-lucky dog to help break the ice and get people talking. If your daughter is shy, this would be a great way for her to meet people and break out of her shell. Dogs are terrific therapists in this regard., Like it or not, Democrats said Christie’s attempt to take away public employees’ accrued time is illegal and would be immediately challenged in court., Amid headlines on the fight over the death penalty and one man's lengthy appeals to avoid execution, the life and love for a little girl who touched so many was being overshadowed., To our credit, since the 1940s, our country has been the principal factor in spreading democracy, bringing regional stability and introducing the free-enterprise system around the world., But it's an honest tale, and one that brings viewers closer to the qualities that make Rembrandt (1606-69) the towering figure that he is. Simply put, Rembrandt had an uncanny ability to convey the deep humanity of his subjects in ways other artists couldn't match., During their shopping trip, Vicki drops the bomb on Tamra that Briana eloped. Tamra provides the requisite jaw drop while Vicki expounds upon the wedding dress shopping and all of the announcements, showers, and parties that were stolen right out from under her., Another vigil is scheduled for tonight from 7 to 9 p.m. at the same location., When you enter the room, the focal point is an 8-foot-long wide-angle photograph of Monument Valley hung above a narrow window slit., Rafferty said that although the goal for Davis was to create a high-achieving school, it is by no means elitist. The principal says his school is open to any pupil, regardless of academic background or other circumstances., There is no way to know if that new play will grow up to win a Tony Award or languish forever in a desk drawer. Either way, many Twin Citians are eager to see what develops., His spirit weeps., Demand for meat worldwide will boom 60% by 2050, according to Nicholas Genovese, who organized the Vancouver conference. Factory farms take up massive swaths of land and suck up enormous energy reserves while crowding together animals who, in those closely confined quarters, could spawn outbreaks of E.coli and other food-borne illnesses, he said., Kenneth Olsen, a computer industry pioneer and co-founder of Digital Equipment Corp., died Sunday. He was 84., Tipoff's Mike McIntyre hosts "The Sound of Ideas" weekdays at 9 a.m. on WCPN FM/90.3. This morning, Plain Dealer consumer affairs columnist Sheryl Harris joins the program to discuss preparing for emergencies., "Every year, the Legislature passes new criminal laws, and it's not the place of law enforcement to refuse to enforce those laws or complain about them," he said., Tracy referenced last season, when the Rockies held the NL West lead going into mid-May despite Jimenez going winless in his first nine starts., In the pre-wild-card era, the 1992 Orioles -- led by 23-year-old Mike Mussina's 18 victories -- posted an 89-73 record, but they wound up in third place in the AL East and didn't make the playoffs after finishing seven games behind the eventual World Series champion Toronto Blue Jays., Second-ranked UC Irvine put the Trojans in that position on Thursday night by coming back from a two-set deficit to outlast USC, 24-26, 23-25, 25-16, 28-26, 15-9, in the semifinals of the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation tournament at the Galen Center., * It realistically appears that the only way Mats Zuccarello will continue his NHL career next season would be if the Rangers fail to qualify him on July 1, thus allowing the Norwegian to hit the open market where he might be able to attract a one-way offer as an unrestricted free agent., "There were thousands upon thousands of them. We thought it was a dust cloud," Shaw recalled about a swarm outside the Forest Glen Apartments on April 15 ., In April 2006, Fischl, who hopes to transfer to Tustin High School in the fall, began working at the Low Carb Shoppe and Caf<U+FFFD> in Old Town. After learning some tips and tasting the food, Fischl decided in November to try once again to lose weight., "FireRich" as he was known, always made me laugh whenever I was fortunate enough to run into him at a show. I'll miss him, it was an honor to have known him.. Condolences to his family and friends., On the negative side: Production values were terrible, especially sound. Somebody should be embarrassed today., Blazers coach Nate McMillan: "He was just a monster out there tonight, both in the paint as well as on the boards. I think he is a guy that has the ability to average a double-double.", Arnott on fourth line, When we think of National Historic Landmarks, what comes to mind are buildings that were saved only after being threatened with the wrecking ball., Dr. Michael D. McCoy was medical director and chief pathologist of Southwest General Health Center., The tempo on Saturday, as usual, was relentless. Rep after rep, after rep, in rapid fire, Gatling Gun fashion., Charters are state-financed public schools that operate independently of traditional school districts, promising to provide parents with better alternatives to struggling urban schools., Turner and Williams both said they have been targets of criticism by teachers, the union and even some of their suburban Democratic colleagues who did not want them to wade into the equivalent of a collective bargaining battle between Jackson and Cleveland Teachers Union president David Quolke., "Michael was aware of his controlled life and that he was sort of boxed in," Curry says. "The story of Michael Jackson is such a strong story. When you're an artist, your most-horrible thought is that you won't have anything to say. With Michael Jackson, there's so much to say that it's more a question of editing.", T-Mobile employs about 3,300 people at the seven affected facilities. The company said it would begin hiring immediately at the remaining 17 call centers and expects to fill as many as 1,400 positions., Doug turns wood as a hobby, making wooden wine bottle plugs and trinkets from maple and cherry he dries in his workshop., No. 2 August Martin Falcons, Many of the groups aiming at Obama are tax-exempt advocacy groups that do not disclose their donors and are running so-called issue ads, which do not explicitly call for a candidate's defeat or election. Independent fact-checkers have found many ads to be misleading or outright false. Nevertheless, they can be biting., He then reportedly called Apache Junction police to report that his motorcycle had been stolen., And if you drove more miles, it would be an even greater savings. "If your per-mile costs are cheaper and you can spread the rental fee over more miles, it becomes even better," says Smith, who is co-director of manufacturing, engineering and technology at the Automotive Research Center., “Now, of course, I get it and I'm appreciative of it. But that's something that comes with maturity, which most people don't have when they're 24 years old.", Heart health: An August study in the journal Circulation found that small amounts of moderately paced leisure activity — as little as 20 minutes a day — lowered people's risk of coronary heart disease by 14%. The paper, which pooled data from 33 studies, found that higher activity levels lowered the risk more than light activity did. But even those who got less than 150 minutes of exercise a week (the minimum amount recommended by the government's 2008 Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans) had a lower risk than did those who were sedentary., The Sixers were 2.2 seconds from playing Game 7 in Chicago. Now, they will pack their bags for a date with the Celtics in the second round., Bridgestone in 2008 was considering building the new tech center in Murfreesboro, Tenn., or in Akron. Ohio eventually offered $18 million in tax breaks. City, county and port authority groups in Akron offered another $50 million in tax breaks and low-cost loans., In private equity, it seeks to put $100 million in Centerbridge Capital Partners II, which invests in financially distressed companies, and $100 million in mezzanine fund Newstone Capital Partners II. In hedge funds, the division plans to invest $100 million in Daniel Loeb’s Third Point Partners and $200 million in Reservoir Strategic Partners Fund., Oregon will earn $18 million for the Pacific-10 Conference for its participation in today's game. Without Knight, where would Oregon be? That's the real question. Because when Ohio State beat out Oregon for recruit Terrelle Pryor in 2008, the Buckeyes athletic department budget was $110 million, and the Ducks were operating on a budget of $40 million., “Stay off the ropes.”, That's not just a good line. Even if the district could find a buyer willing to cover moving expenses, selling is a bad idea. Scarlett O'Hara's pa said it best: Land is the only thing worth working for, worth fighting for, worth dying for. The last clause might be overstatement, but the philosophy holds: You own property with this much promise, you get all you can., 1971 – The two-class tournament begins, including a final game between the Champions from Class A and AA., Coconut milk — the Caribbean influence — injects a velvety richness to the stewed beef and pork; they soak up the seasoned milk like a Thai or Indonesian rendang curry. Coconut milk also lends its richness to rice dishes. It's widely joked that if you get tired of beans and rice in Belize, you can always have rice and beans. Any Belizean will tell you the two are entirely different., Both Japanese car companies have foundered on the high yen. Japan's strong currency makes their cars more expensive in dollars, even as the weak dollar makes Oregon goods cheaper abroad., Bettman didn't think it was feasible to change in-game officiating in a way to ensure that similar calls aren't missed., Toon liked the Colston comparison and said his offensive coordinator at Wisconsin, Paul Chryst, had said the same thing. He said he takes pride in "having good hands and being consistent in catching the ball.", But Steve Maviglio, spokesman for Californians for Retirement Security, a coalition of state public employee unions, said CalPERS simply showed prudent stewardship., F - Eddie Johnson, Lananna said it would be Hasay’s primary event. Hasay will take a wait-and-see approach to the 3,000, which isn’t contested until Saturday night., She said she did not see that front right corner of her husband's Mercedes SUV was damaged until the next morning. Although she said she was certain she wasn't involved in the fatal accident even after she learned of it through a news report, her husband contacted an attorney who turned the car over to the State Patrol the night of Aug. 24. She did not acknowledge she was the driver until Sept. 2., Palin said the Republican Party needs new blood and new leaders, "but we also need statesmen and heroes like John McCain in there to help us get through these challenging times.", "It was (a matter of) not understanding what the heck we were doing," said Eaton. "We did it and said, 'Whoa, what just happened?", When you engage in a fight with a pig, you get muddy. What Mr. Schurick failed to achieve in keeping people away from the ballot box, the chattering class will likely accomplish if this incident simply becomes more partisan political fodder instead of a teachable moment., Foose's experiences impressed local community leaders, who said they were pleased with the board's decision., This recipe is great made with leftovers from The Chronicle's Best Way Mashed Potatoes (see Page F5). One batch yields a little less than 10 cups mashed potatoes, so you would need to have about half a batch left over to prepare the full recipe below. It's also easy to make a smaller amount of the soup if you don't have much left over., LIVINGSTON — An Irvington man who tried to con a woman at Livingston Mall out of $1,000 suffered a fractured spine while trying to escape her husband, police said., I thought she was kidding … because the state, in fact, does., A society that rewards those that constantly move forward tends to ignore the emotional and psychological benefits of simply taking a step back., Late Sunday, chain link fencing surrounded the 7-by-7-foot hole, located about 300 feet from the nearest homes. A mat of mud and soaked grasses ran down to the freeway., "I have a pretty good sense of when to volley. As the game has progressed, people like to stay back and hit shots, so they don't expect it when someone rushes to the net," said the 5-foot-9, 155-pound Andreasen., The Beavers held a practice Friday night in which zero injuries were reported. This was most welcome news after the morning practice when coach Mike Riley informed the media that cornerback Brandon Hardin has a rather involved shoulder injury that will keep him out at least a month or so., Rachel advises Kurt to play it safe with his song choice and stick to "Music of the Night" from "Phantom of the Opera;" however, in last-minute effort to be bold, daring and unique, Kurt wows Carmen with his rendition of "Not the Boy Next Door" from "The Boy from Oz." Carmen said even Hugh Jackman, who won a Tony award for his performance in the musical, would've impressed with Kurt's audition. Needless to say, he nailed it., The estimated jackpot - the biggest prize ever in Illinois Lottery history - dwarfs the previous $390 million record split in 2007 by two winners who bought tickets in Georgia and New Jersey., DeAndre Liggins - SG/SF, No. of recruiters: 12., The company's principals, John Albright and Charles Berrebbi, claimed Hale, in her postings on forums frequented by people in the adult entertainment industry, defamed them and their firm by writing, among other things, that they had threatened her life and violated New Jersey laws protecting consumers against identity theft., The strategy may cause short-term loss or disruption of some owls, but the wildlife service believes the work will improve forest health over time, he said., In 1986, for example, an Indians vs. Boston Red Sox game was postponed due to a massive fog bank that rolled in off the lake. Which prompted Red Sox pitcher Oil Can Boyd to remark: “That’s what they get for building a park on the ocean.”, Nelson Cruz hit his third career slam and like Elvis Andrus matched a career high with four hits as the Rangers handed Jered Weaver (5-1) his first loss., Deveron Carr and Osahon Irabo are quality cornerbacks who can help keep that secondary strong., Baseball caps, with sayings including "Don't Tread on Me" and "Enjoy Conservatism" cost $10., In January 2004, as Willingham sat on death row, a pen pal named Elizabeth Gilbert, along with a Willingham cousin, contacted Dr. Gerald Hurst, a Cambridge-educated scientist and fire investigator. Hurst received the files on Willingham's case only a few weeks before the execution date, and was immediately troubled by what he saw., Now the Federalist Society's national public relations firm - the same firm that promoted Swiftboat Veterans for Truth - is beating the drum for the current effort to undermine the Missouri Plan. Last week, the firm was touting a recent Missouri Supreme Court decision that turned back a challenge to pro-business amendments to the state's worker compensation system., The Fitness Outlet, The actor grew up in “lower middle-class” Los Angeles, both knowing he loved performing — “my earliest memories are of entertaining my parents, jumping around in front of the Christmas tree” — and dismissing it as a daydream. He planned, he says, to become a travel agent., The Tribune reported earlier this year that women who report sexual violence on campuses rarely see their attackers arrested and almost never see them convicted. A June survey of six schools in Illinois and Indiana found police investigated 171 reported sex crimes since fall 2005, with 12 resulting in arrests and four in convictions. Only one of the convictions stemmed from a student-on-student attack., L'Attrait Salon and Spa; 30775 S.W. Boones Ferry Rd., Suite F; 503-582-0686., To be sure, being praised isn't the same as being crowned. Several executives Mr. Buffett has lauded lavishly in the past—including David Sokol, Joe Brandon and Rich Santulli—are no longer at Berkshire., Personal: Divorced with one child., “The original tweet indicated I pointed the finger at Bill Belichick and mentioned Bill’s name. I did not. I have so much respect for Coach Belichick and the job he does and has accomplished in his Hall of Fame career. I called him to remind him of my respect for him. I also reached out to Tedy Bruschi [stats], who rightfully defended those Patriot players and coaches on ESPN, to tell him that I agree with him that the Patriots earned every victory.”, The disclosure that Diamond has been contacted by the Justice Department comes two months after former county Auditor Frank Russo agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in a bid to shorten his 22-year prison sentence. It is unclear what Russo has told investigators., No, it’s not Big Bird., MacConnell added that Kool-Aid remains a popular drink and that the Jonestown tragedy has not overshadowed the brand., Remove and let stand at least 30 minutes before filling., The charter government, created by Issue 6 on the November ballot, swaps the three county commissioners for an elected county executive and 11-member council. The elected offices of auditor, clerk of courts, coroner, engineer, recorder, sheriff and treasurer will be replaced by more streamlined appointed positions., The fourth volume -- The Passage to Power, published last week -- covers Johnson's frustrating vice presidency, his sudden and traumatic ascension to the presidency after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, and how he quickly harnessed the powers of the job to forge the 1964 Civil Rights Act and other legislation., "Our defense played great," Teeters said. "I can't remember how long they had the ball at the end of the game, but it felt like forever and my defense did a great job keeping them out. They got an 8-meter in there, and I just saw the ball and went for it and cleared it out.", San Diego 22, Crawford 0. Amberg (SD) 2-3, 2 runs; Acosta (SD) 2-2, 1 run; Mills (SD) HR., But Marissa Miller had a one-on-one chat with the commander-in-chief and posed for pictures with him. She had an unfair advantage: A real beaut of a shiner under her left eye., For the main course, couscous dishes are usually the most tempting. You can order any of the lamb versions, choosing among merguez sausage, grilled skewers and slow-roasted shoulder, called mechoui. If you order the couscous royale, you get all of that and a tender simmered chicken leg, too., "There has to be an institutional commitment to get things done," he said. "That's really the only way we're going to make an impact., "Newark, like Trenton, is an urban core with this suburban exterior," White said today. "Just west of here, there are thousands of bikes collecting dust in basements.", "We need his input. We need his assistance in giving direction in terms of how he leads the state," Miller said. He recalled that when the legislature ended its session with similar problems in the early 1990s, he and then-House Speaker R. Clayton Mitchell Jr. sat down with Gov. William Donald Schaefer and hammered out an agreement that passed by vary narrow margins., In court filings, attorneys for the two counties say recent court decisions uphold the searches., Early in the fourth, Wade made a three-point play and a driving layup and fed Udonis Haslem for a layup to get Miami within 77-70 with 8:42 left. Three minutes later, another driving layup by Wade got the Heat within 82-76, but two baskets by Mo Williams restored the Cavs lead to 86-76 with 4:51 left., “We’ll have to be patient, but I feel very confident,” Lananna said. “They’ll develop during the season, but sometimes with freshmen, they’re not going to be ready on your timeline.”, Locklin said his mother invested $886,000 with Kiley. He said her statement shows about $993,000 -- supposedly in a segregated, liquid account -- but she hasn't been able to withdraw it., A California couple who invested $6.4 million in Sunwest Management Inc. is suing company founder Jon Harder, his company and others for fraud and breach of contract., oMayweather even praised his opponent as a "true warrior, a tough champion", and said, "to go into the Hall Of Fame you have to face the best opponents," which, for Cotto, cannot be denied. He has faced Manny Pacquiao, Antonio Margarito twice, Shane Mosley and Zab Judah., And pinging loudly on my radar: Encores! "Merrily We Roll Along" and the Off-Broadway reworking of "Carrie," an infamous 1988 Broadway flop. Yum., Because of his years of broad legal experience, both inside and outside the courtroom, I believe Mike would make an excellent circuit court judge. Moreover, Mike's practical, grounded approach, would enhance the quality and efficiency of our circuit court. His many years of service in the Oregon Army National Guard JAG Corps reflect his character, dedication and strong work ethic., The perception of the Beltline as a worthwhile but local project lingers among those outside the city., He said he wanted a guarantee that the spying had stopped, and he wanted an answer to a bigger question: "We need to know the why — why the whole community, why all of us," he said., Instead of 29 miles, participants will traverse "only" 23 <U+0096> but the infamous "Trail of Tears," eight miles uphill at the start, remains., *The Dallas Morning News ran a story this week suggesting Baylor's Briles could get a contract extension and raise at season's end. Briles has a base salary of $1,549,396., - Tedford says some NCAA rules are too open to interpretation., As he continues to get heat for high gas prices, President Obama tried to shift the focus to Congress on Tuesday when he called on lawmakers to pass a legislation he said would crack down on manipulation in the oil market., The Broadview Heights man decided to exit the car to “stretch” and was arrested by the Brecksville officer., Blues 1, Predators 0 ... at the 1st intermission., -- Jamey Wright, the spring training non-roster invitee who was the last pitcher to make the team, is proving himself a valuable addition. He picked up the victory Saturday and now has a 2.00 ERA in eight games., One of the members of the violent girls appeared to be taking photos or shooting video of the incident with her cellphone in footage circulated by cops Wednesday night., BEIRUT —Two weeks into a cease-fire agreement, there still was no peace in Syria: Security agents in Damascus collected the remains of 10 people killed in a suicide bombing. Activists reported troops firing on protesters. Video showed a crowd carrying a slain boy to U.N. observers as proof of regime violence., PITTSBURGH — The youth charity at the center of the child sex-abuse charges against former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky received donations in recent years from hundreds of corporations, community groups and individuals — including the judge who arraigned Sandusky earlier this month and Penn State itself., FIXING THE PROBLEM, Their websites offer "model law" for other states to duplicate. They hold conferences for lawmakers to talk about specific issues. They offer experts such as Kobach to help draft laws., Two innings later, Belt made the River Cats pay again, lining an inside fastball from Jerry Blevins into right field for a single, capping a 3-for-3 night., We know that innocent people have been convicted of murder in California – three were released in 2011 after serving a total of 57 years – and that innocent people have been executed in other states. Nationwide, 140 inmates from death rows have been exonerated of the crimes for which they were wrongly convicted. In light of possible innocence, using the death penalty puts all Californians at risk of perpetrating the ultimate injustice of executing an innocent person, for when the governor gives the final order to execute, he does so in the name of California residents, and the death certificate will read, "Homicide," as the cause of death., Romney said this week "of course" he would have approved the raid on bin Laden's compound. "Even Jimmy Carter would have given that order," he said., "It's been a long time coming," said Obama, who strode on stage with his wife, Michelle, and their two daughters, Sasha and Malia. "But tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.", Kate McClellan, 57, said she was walking her dog when she saw a plane descend from the foggy sky and strike the tower, causing power lines to swing wildly in the air., "There was, but it's better now.", CAJUN PALMS RV RESORT, Brown, 19, was arrested Sunday night in Los Angeles and booked on suspicion of making criminal threats. He was released after posting $50,000 bail., "He has a great fighting spirit a great attitude. He's just an All American kids always smiling," says Collierville Football Coach Mike O'Neill., Operators of business jets and other private planes are free to keep their flight information blocked from public view, without having to provide a reason why it should be secret., Martin's growing enmity toward Kansas State athletic director John Currie led to his exit. The boiling point game when Currie opted to suspend center Jamar Samuels for the NCAA Tournament game against Syracuse., The only group of voters that Kasich and the collective bargaining law is polling well with is Republicans. But independent voters, who carried Kasich to a win in the November 2010 election over incumbent Democrat Ted Strickland, have abandoned him., To represent the citizens, The sheriff deserves praise for endorsing a sensible plan that will close an aging and notoriously violent jail and free up bed space for more serious defendants awaiting trial. But he can't do it alone. The proposal requires cooperation from the courts and the district attorney's office on setting bail and reaching plea agreements., Vaughn does have a clone, ready to spin his work off to a new generation., Jackson Burke, Cherry Creek 77-79—156, Susan Cebelinski, Aitkin's social service supervisor, said the county did a criminal background check and checked for any civil findings of maltreatment before recommending the Petersons for the job in 2003. The Petersons were newcomers to the rural county that borders Lake Mille Lacs. They previously ran a tax and accounting business, but neither is a certified public accountant., For oysters:, He was excused., P.S.: I am the luckiest woman in the world. I answered the phone on my desk last week, and a caller haltingly inquired as to whether I was Lou Gehrig., Top returnees: RB Jonathan Wallace, QB Graham Wilbert, QB Stephen Curtis, WR DeAndre Richardson, MLB David Hinds, PR Travis Jones, The victims of Saturday's crash were from the same region in India's east coast. After the crash, many Indians living in St. Louis galvanized to start raising the $70,000 it could cost to send the bodies home., 203 WILDFLOWER RIDGE DR $127,000, By my third visit -- brunch -- it was hard to imagine how the meal would evolve. My order was taken brusquely and, once again, all the dishes were brought together -- including the wrong pizza., "The concern I have is this one line, and I think it's very difficult to prohibit a public facility... in an entire region of the county," she said. "If we did that, we are setting an enormously disastrous policy.", "John Carter" is rated PG-13 for intense sequences of violence and action., This is Lawson's team. As such he should be responsible for the Nuggets being ready to play rather than teammates wondering where Lawson disappeared., Critics also point to the Chilean program that Bush cites as a model, and say it demonstrates the potential pitfalls of private accounts. Recent reports indicate that, as the first generation of Chilean workers on their new system begins to retire, many believe it is failing to deliver as much in benefits as they would have received under the old system., John Burroughs (23-1) will host Parkway South on Monday at 4:15 p.m. Clayton (8-15) will play Cor Jesu at Gay Field on Monday at 4 p.m., The in-state plan would be just another option, Greenwald said., The miscues were too much to overcome for the Yankees, who had been 26-6 at home against the Orioles since July 30, 2008. The victory was the 1,000th in the career of Baltimore manager Buck Showalter, who led the Yankees from 1992-95., Try to avoid close contact with sick people., Nitrate expert Leslie Lewis is NFPF's Sherlock Holmes. She was the lead sleuth last year and also went through the material this time around with the help of the staff at the New Zealand archive. "We pulled a bunch of reels from the nitrate vaults and I just started going through them," Lewis said. "'White Shadow' was initially labeled 'Twin Sisters.'", The book in question is the Roman Missal, a book of prayers, chants and responses used during the Mass. Rowe has been saying some of those prayers in his own words for years., "I was looking forward to going against [Jared] Gaither, but they needed some chip help," Suggs said. "I knew they would pay me some attention and I was looking forward to a lot of one on ones but I didn't get them. That's my fault. I got to adjust accordingly and not let it affect my game. When we did get there, he got the ball off. He's a great quarterback.", Bella Gioia, with its earth-tone tiles and dark woods, has a warm Italian feeling to it, bolstered by service that's attentive to the point of affectionate. The food, heavy on pastas and pizzas (a wood-burning oven warms up the back) is consistently pleasant, and sometimes better than that: a creamy risotto milanaise shines with saffron in flavor and color., Authorities are investigating a four-alarm blaze that began early this morning in the middle of the three houses – a vacant two-story building that was a reported shelter for squatters and hub of drug activity, Irvington Deputy Fire Chief Matt Hibbett said., 7748 Ahern Av, $21,000, "It has to be a Viva, because Viva has no texture," she said., Recently, The Sun ran a story regarding a University of Maryland football coach ("Crowton out, Locksley in," Dec. 15) that reveals the school is negotiating a buyout for offensive coordinator Gary Crowton who is due to receive a guaranteed $500,000 salary for the next three years., On Wednesday, Hayes was charged with a hate crime, as well as with attempted robbery and aggravated battery. He was being held in Cook County jail on $80,000 bail Thursday, according to jail records. The 15-year-old, who is also black, was charged with attempted robbery., To accomplish that, officials said, they will need to close 23 parks, including Lone Elk, George Winter and Greensfelder, and eliminate 133 jobs, about 40 of them full time., But if FirstEnergy cannot argue its way out of the report's preliminary findings, Perry is headed for intensive and "most thorough" inspections and employee interviews, Mitlyng said. The NRC bills the utility for such inspections, she said, at the rate of $273 per hour for every inspector involved., Note: Teams selected by Jeff Seidel after consultation with The Baltimore Sun staff and area coaches, He died Tuesday at 71, his heart giving out long before his curiosity or his delight when the unpredictable bends of the human condition still caught him by surprise., JERSEY CITY PARTICIPATES IN JERSEY CARES COAT DRIVE, That's better than another paper published earlier that year that looked at the 2002-05 period and found the game injury rate to be roughly double that, 111.3 per 1,000 athlete exposures, though that may be cold comfort for athletes currently sitting on the sidelines, waiting to heal., — On April 4, a vehicle crashed into a property on Main Street in Barnsboro and the driver fled. Harrison Township police subsequently arrested the 44-year-old Mullica Hill man and charged him with driving while intoxicated., New Delhi and Beijing continue to contest large parts of their shared 4,000-kilometer Himalayan frontier, despite warming trade relations between the nations. India's government views its nuclear capabilities as crucial because Beijing can afford to spend much more on conventional defense than New Delhi., oWhat you can do with video on the Mark III that you couldn't do before is change the audio settings while recording. With the Mark II, if the audio conditions changed during your shot, there was nothing you could do except stop recording, set and reset. Now you change the audio settings during recording., That letter was dated Friday and sent to Police Board President Todd Epsten. In the letter, Bommarito said he has also forwarded a copy to Gov. Jay Nixon., Cano-Murillo is a freelance craft designer. Send questions or ideas to kathy@craftychica.com or visit www.craftychica.com., Atlanta went on an 15-0 run to go up 42-27 with 3:14 left in the first half, while Portland struggled in Aldridge's temporary absence. The Hawks led by as many as 15 points en route to a 48-36 first-half lead., May 30-June 17, 2012: “Sondheim on Sondheim.” Part of the ballyhoo around Sondheim’s 80th birthday (including the composer/lyricist’s book “Finishing the Hat”), this revue features songs and video interviews with Sondheim about his work., "Despite spending levels that meet or exceed virtually every state in the country, and that saw a significant increase in spending levels from 2000 to 2008, our 'at risk' children are now moving further from proficiency," he said., Hey, Bob: The Indians hold club options on Hernandez for 2013 and 2014. Since they have not tried to void that deal, I'd say it would still be in effect at the end of the 2012 season., Accounts vary about what actually happened during the 1899 stagecoach holdup that landed her in prison. Hart and her partner, Joe Boot, were not professional robbers, but they did manage to relieve the passengers of their guns and money., Heyward’s pinch-hit two-run double in his first plate appearance since Sunday (strained oblique), made it the most earned runs against Halladay since he was charged with 12 hits and nine earned runs in 5 1/3 innings at Texas on May 5, 2007., Bayern Munich became the first team to advance to a Champions League final it is hosting, beating Real Madrid, 3-1, on penalty kicks as Bastian Schweinsteiger converted the final shot after Sergio Ramos skied his over the crossbar., Women's prayer breakfast, Cleveland City Council seems to be getting that message -- more focused on carrots than sticks as it considers a first set of laws to support Healthy Cleveland. Amendments likely to be adopted Monday will mean that people cited for smoking in public areas will face fines, but not misdemeanor charges or jail time. A ban on trans fats at restaurants will be tied to license renewals -- businesses will need proof from their suppliers that they're not using the unhealthy oils. Enforcement will be phased in, so mom-and-pop outfits can use up inventories., You know an ensemble film or television series is working when the character you care most about changes from scene to scene, from show to show., If you really want to watch tiny surfers plunging down the faces of frighteningly large waves the rest of the year, you can find video of it playing on a continuous loop at most of the bars in town., After that, when we return to the States, I<U+0092>m actually headed to Detroit next week for an event with Chevy. I<U+0092>m really looking forward to getting back to the Motor City before we come there to race at the Chevrolet Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix on June 1-3., Roughly square in shape, 180 feet on a side, with bastions at the corners, the fort measured about 360 feet from bastion point to bastion point. Walls were 17 to 18 feet tall and three-feet thick, with the bastions tapered from four feet at the base to two feet at the top. The only entrance centers on the south wall and is closed by a large, two-leaf wooden gate with a smaller wicket gate in it, which opened to admit individuals. Sentries guarded the gate, and the large main gate was opened only for wagons. The northeast bastion was filled with earth and may have been the location of an underground gunpowder magazine., Five parked cars were damaged April 2 in the 300 block of North Taylor Road., Public-private collaborators today announced the launch of the Cleveland Health-Tech Corridor, which aims to harness two powerful forces to redevelop Euclid Avenue -- space demands of new companies and the supply-chain needs of growing entities like the Cleveland Clinic, Case Western Reserve University and University Hospitals., She recently had her first major exhibit, "The Family Home," at Astoria's LightBox Photographic Gallery. The photos show the Philadelphia home where her father was raised., "We want the area cleaned up," Woodbridge Mayor John McCormac said., In his op-ed, he wrote: “Most citizens view the end of work each day as a clear line in dividing their responsibilities to an employer from their rights as an individual. While at work, we accept that we must comply with work-related expectations and policies. But when the whistle blows, we consider ourselves our own masters -- pursuing recreation or even legal vices as we see fit.”, Chaison added that he doesn't expect any big changes in contracts with those two automakers this year. The union is likely to wait until 2015 when the economy has, it's hoped, improved and when it will have the ability to strike to make bigger changes., Museum Director Elizabeth Broun said it's rare to pull so many historical works and three-dimensional objects together in a place where they were once held up as examples of the nation's progress., Meanwhile, investors sold shares of Google Inc. after the Internet search company threatened to withdraw from China after computer hackers had led human-rights activists to reveal their e-mail accounts to outsiders. Google fell $3.39, or 0.6 percent, to $587.09. Shares of China's largest search engine, Baidu, rose $52.99, or 13.7 percent, to $439.48., Quolke said as he left the session that he wants negotiations to continue and that no bill should be introduced with the "fresh start" language the union opposes or without full agreement., While surgery has been an option many doctors used, it often left tremendous scarring, usually required skin grafts as well and, worst of all, didn't eradicate the HS., Raiding that fund made the legislation unpalatable for Democrats -- just as the Democratic proposals to extend the lower interest rates were unpalatable to Republicans., But the day before publication, "Beedle the Bard" was ranked No. 1 on Amazon's British and U.S. Web sites. The Internet retailer is printing 100,000 copies of a leather-bound collectors' edition priced at 50 pounds, or $100 in the United States, and expects them to sell out., Arabs have little say in city politics because they largely boycott municipal elections, fearing votes could be interpreted as acceptance of Israeli rule., They also argue the approach will prove cheaper for the state in the long run because Illinois will pay less in interest through Wall Street than it's now paying to providers as a penalty for falling behind. Those the state owes now get 1 to 2 percent in interest for each month payments are late after the first 60 days., The price struck some industry observers as higher than expected. On a 60-month lease, with a $4,000 down payment, one would pay $713 a month without adding any special options., Pictured are (on the ground) Seth Whitney; (kneeling, left to right) Luke Ventry, Logan Kieklak, Steven Klaus and Carter Schwertle; (standing) Jared Schrader, Luke Strnad, Jonathan Smykowski, Joey McGonegal, Derek Ritterbusch and Zach D'Anna; (back row) coach Lee, 2. Deron Williams – Probably the most physically gifted player at this team’s most historically talented position., The bad news for Sepler and other human resources folks: It's getting worse. Or more precisely, new problems are arising, and the old ones haven't gone away., "From day 1 of deliberations one of the jurors refused to be open to deliberations and announced that the juror's mind was made up," the note reads., This winter, the state racked up about $45 million in snow removal costs on state roadways — more than double its $20.3 million allotment., Police have said that the stepsister was paid for sex at a party in a vacant apartment, then gave the younger girl money and encouraged the men to let them touch her. Police say it then progressed to rape by as many as seven men and boys. The stepsister has also been arrested., To date, <U+0093>Jersey Boys<U+0094> has won multiple international awards, including the 2006 Tony for Best Musical. The show continues on Broadway, two North American companies are on the road and productions are running in London, Australia and New Zealand., Cuyahoga County could use the initiative in tandem with a new "CountyStat Task Force" to find operational problems and inconsistencies, identify solutions and boost accountability, FitzGerald said. In Lakewood, he added, the approach helped reduce the city's fleet., 1049 Gabriel Dr, $22,500, "I think we did a great job as far as slowing him down and getting him tired and making him miss shots," Loyola center Shane Walker said. "We put a lot of different guys on him.", If those goals are not met, city leaders said they will discuss other changes, including selling or leasing the course., The draft title for the act, designated Initiative 74, said that a yes vote would ban "commercial salmon/sturgeon fishing with gill nets in Oregon.", Actually, though I agree Boozer has lacked some explosiveness this season, I think he finished the year very well. He was very aggressive in that Knicks game and while he did bobble some shots and passes, players talked about the ball being slick that game. Also, he's been consistently drawing double-teams and finding the open man. I don't think he gets enough credit for his passing. As the Bulls like to say, that's easy offense., Food trucks are not just for entrepreneurs, either, Orenstein said. A number of restaurant owners she knows are looking into getting their own food trucks on the road., Just as I'm sneaking the last spud onto my plate, one of the men across the table sets down his burger, shrugs his shoulders, and announces that the No. 5 at his favorite fast-food burger joint is tastier. What? It has all that tasty sauce, he says. To each his own., The words on the monument, written by Mr. Dupre, were quite appropriate, as Matrangola said Mr. Dupre was always saying "God Bless you" to everyone at the office., Folks who chat with Suleman will likely hear lots of children in the background, the agent said., Helpful Hints: Don't skimp on the candles: Buy thick pillars with one wick that will melt only in the center. Sequins, pins and brads can be found at craft markets, but sewing stores, fabric outlets and bead stores might carry more unusual baubles., Smith's pregnant girlfriend, Christina Wilson, 31, told the Post-Dispatch shortly after the shooting that she was on a cellphone call with Smith when he was shot., It's one thing to let children play dress up and experiment with "pretend" makeup and costumes. That's imaginative play., The fire broke out in a multistory home at the corner of Clinton Avenue and Laurel Avenue between 2:30 and 3 a.m. The former farmhouse is more than 100 years old., In San Francisco, a crowd of more than 100 Black Bloc activists stormed through the Mission District after a peaceful Occupy rally Monday night, vandalizing more than 30 businesses, a police station and several cars with hammers, crowbars, paint and eggs., Like his older brother, Tyler Gabbert initially committed to Nebraska in part because of Watson's presence., Mr. Hopkins, who began collecting trains in his boyhood, was an avid model railroad fan and created a large operating layout in the basement of his home., Aaron Meyer Concert: The rock violinist performs with guitarist Tim Ellis, and plays some arrangements with the school’s choirs. 7 p.m. Sun, April 29. North Clackamas Christian School, 19575 Sebastian Way, Oregon City; $20 general, $15 senior citizens, $5 ages 12, All but one of the men charged in New Jersey with stolen property conspiracy and other counts lives in Florida., "The governor made an absolutely bad judgment call on this," said Rep. Lynn Wachtmann, a Republican from Napoleon who sponsored the bill. "Evidently, he wants the environmentalists, the wackos, to write this bill., Those undaunted by the vog (which can make for spectacular sunsets) suddenly found themselves with fewer travel options when Aloha Airlines shut down at the end of March the same year, and Norwegian Cruise Lines yanked two of its three Hawaii-only cruise ships in February and May. By fall, the worldwide economic downturn was in full swing, and occupancy rates across the islands dropped to their lowest since the days after Sept. 11, 2001., Oregon fans won’t forget the way Acosta answered the call in the 2010 Pacific-10 Conference Championships., But athletes have been training for years., out of Europe, although US Futures and CDS seem to be coming, If you would like to adopt Larry, please contact the Gloucester County Animal Shelter at 856-881-2828. Larry would love to meet you today at the Petsmart in Mantua. His ticket number is 215031., What we do know is that while the bishop no longer faces the possible jail time that would come with a conviction, neither will he ever be able to clear his name in a court of law or the court of public opinion., Plans for the old McCormick property, owned by Questar Properties, called for nearly 400,000 square feet of office space topped with about 350 apartments with street-level shops and an above-ground garage. Last week, the Baltimore Development Corp.'s board of directors considered Questar's request for a subsidy known as payment in lieu of taxes, or PILOT. BDC board members were prepared to make a recommendation to Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake after last week's meeting, according to BDC President, M.J. "Jay" Brodie., "We'll never know for sure, but I don't believe in coincidences," Barber said., — Larry Fox, Bolingbrook, "We have felt hurt together," he said. "When hurt happens, there is anger and resentment, hatred and love, all mixed together. But on top of the hurt ... we can commit ourselves to a process of forgiveness.", What are the comparative costs of operating an electric car and a gasoline-powered car?, "I didn't run as fast as I needed to at the combine," Lewis said in a phone interview. "I think I worried about bulking up a little too much, plus I had a hamstring issue going into the combine. So it was a couple things.", 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, divided, The center's spokesman, Chris Vaccaro, said the weather service had received at least 97 reports of tornadoes by dawn Sunday and survey teams would be heading out to investigate and determine the number of actual tornadoes, their highest winds, and the width and length of their destructive paths. Several large funnel clouds and tornadoes were photographed and videographed during the outbreak., PG&E offered payments of as much as $50,000 to residents in the days after the blast, depending on damage to their homes., TransCanada estimates that building the northern section of the facility will cost $5.3 billion; the company hopes to bring it online by late 2013 or early 2014. The southern portion could be in service by mid- to late 2013., GM is already No. 1 in China, but Ford has committed almost $5 billion to build or expand nine plants by 2015, and Chrysler hopes to resume manufacturing in China after shutting its Shanghai plant in 2006., "how much they payin you? just as long as you know you made a mistake", LeVert, who grew 2 to 3 inches last summer, led Central to an Ohio state title and 26-2 record. He was named the most outstanding player on the 2012 Associated Press Division I all-tournament team. He scored 43 points in the semifinal and final games combined., In 2004, the 21st Century Museum of Contemporary Art opened in a striking circular glass building designed by Kazuyo Sejima and Ryue Nishizawa, winners of the 2010 Pritzker Prize. Inside, pieces by Japanese artists such as Noboru Tsubaki share space with works by James Turrell, Anish Kapoor and Jan Fabre., Building issues: The Stanley Block has been in and out of Cleveland Housing Court. In late 2010, the city filed two criminal cases against Macron Investment Co., the property owner, related to building code violations. Those cases resulted in $105,000 in fines against Macron -- fines that remain unpaid. On March 6, the city filed a civil lawsuit against Macron, to force the company to clean up or demolish the building. Judge Raymond Pianka gave Macron until today to resolve the biggest issues., Much of the time, Tribune photographer Zbigniew Bzdak was with me. We were surprised to discover that there were actually two crisply defined scenes: one mostly white and commercial; the other mostly black and struggling., 'Til we meet again: The 2012 Senior Open will be played at Indianwood Golf and Country Club in Lake Orion, Mich., Come on, Ms. Reimer. Do you really believe that with all the difficulties we face every day, many of which have been bestowed on us by this administration, that birth control and the roles of women in combat are what women voters are going to remember when choosing a candidate?, Barbi Galli, But who wins the ultimate prize - the license - is still up to the Gaming Commission. They're conducting an economic study of the three proposals and will weigh that, and other factors, before making their choice, likely by year's end., The final test events came after the British military tested Olympic security, including flights over London by fighter jets and helicopters earlier this week., Unfortunately, Frank, who is retiring at the end of the year, fails to recognize the realities facing his party at the start of 2009. With dominant majorities on Capitol Hill and a promising new president in the White House, the Democrats had little choice but to "seize the day" and pass the bill that would become the signature legislative achievement of Mr. Obama's first-term., "Ad-Rock" Horowitz in 1979. The band started off as a hardcore punk group, but soon began experimenting with hip-hop. The band broke big with their first proper album, Licensed to Ill, in 1986, and further albums Paul's Boutique, Check Your Head and Ill Communication cemented the band as a true superstar act.", Of the 48 points posted by Blues forwards this season, 26 points (11 goals, 15 assists) have been netted by players on the third or fourth lines, a whopping 55 percent of the offense. The top contributors are Alex Steen, who has a team-high six goals and nine points, and Jason Arnott, with three goals and eight points., When asked about that comment today, Dorsey said "I changed my mind.", The wind was blasting and the rain was falling, but at the monthly workshop for students in the AIGA San Diego LINK program, the graffiti was happening anyway. Last Saturday's storms made it a bad day for St. Patrick's Day parades and pub crawls, but it was a good day for turning adversity into art. For the LINK students and mentors, it almost always is., Studies show about 15 million people in the United States are estimated to have apnea; that's about 5 percent of the population. And many of them are overweight and snore heavily., oBodemeister's final work: Bob Baffert-trained Bodemeister went to the Churchill track Sunday morning for his final work as prep for Saturday's Run for the Roses., The thing is, Ichiro Suzuki might be the most underappreciated great player of his generation. Part of this is he’s been stuck on a losing team most of his career. Part of this is because he’s Japanese; on our field of dreams, we prefer homegrown athletic superstars. Part of this is he’s playing in the Pacific Northwest; many Americans couldn’t locate the Pacific Northwest on a U.S. map, and most Mariners games end about the time Carson Daly is interviewing some indie actress I’ve never heard of., "People need additional support and counseling," Shaw said. "And we need to figure out how we prevent this stuff from going on.", “I really believe that film is an art form, and hopefully if the art is good enough, you’ll want to see it more than once,” he says. “That’s what drew me to Scorsese more than anything — I’d seen his other films so many times, and each time discovered a moment I hadn’t picked up on before. That sort of complexity, that amount of detail — well, I think that’s part of what creates good movies. And those are the kind of movies I want to make. I don’t want to make something that’s just disposable.”, No. of locations: 44., Ammann said Opel might be offering buyouts to more senior workers in the near future. GM's $256-million first-quarter loss in Europe was less than many analysts expected., Thaddeus Young scored 15 points -- all in the second half -- to help the 76ers make the postseason for the second straight year and eliminate the Milwaukee Bucks from playoff contention., @dannywsu: Why are the Buckeyes getting no love from the BCS computers?, Researchers also will look at fire barriers and will run controlled burning tests following the two-week experiment to help understand how flames and smoke might spread in such a building., She admitted: ''She looked amazing. I think she looked absolutely amazing.'', Asked how the incident might affect his lineup, Leyland wouldn<U+0092>t address the question, simply stating that his lineup was already posted outside the clubhouse., The Kings needed that as they were down two players. Tyreke Evans did not play because of back spasms. It was the third game Evans has missed this season. The Kings (18-33) also won the previous two games Evans missed., Earlier, the 6-foot-8 forward told an Iowa-based high school sports website, metrosportsreport.com, that Badgers coach Bo Ryan has placed every Big Ten and ACC school, plus Iowa State and Marquette, on the list of schools that can't contact him., Q: In these tough financial times, a lot of people, myself included, are considering renting a part of their home. I haven't been successful in finding what the law says about renting a room or part of your house. I read this is different from renting a duplex or otherwise "normal" rental property. Can you provide any guidance?, “About 27 percent of the city’s budget is made up of the police force,” Derella said. “That’s a huge amount, and we’re forced to try keeping that under control, but also keep our focus on public safety. We’re working diligently toward that., Early this year, a judge who called Washington's medical marijuana law "an absolute joke" and "an excuse to be loaded all the time" ordered that stepfather, Julian Robinson, to keep at least a quarter-mile from the teenagers because of his marijuana use, according to a transcript of the hearing., But programming for these advanced computer chips, which simultaneously use many processing cores, is a relatively new and extremely demanding field. Benson said finding developers to create new applications for ETI's software will be extremely challenging., But don't make the mistake of thinking Austin's shy. For many years, he worked for what is now The Music Settlement playing an educational character called Phil the Hobo, now the namesake of his cat, and one of his proudest moments was when he posed in full Elvis Presley regalia for the cover of Michael Daugherty's "Dead Elvis" score., "I really hope athletics don't get cut," Church said. "So many inner-city kids have only one parent at home. They need role models. They need something positive. It's a really sad situation. Coaches have been trying to Band-Aid things for years. The general population doesn't know how tough it is on these coaches.", But it's a slight piece, a pale shadow of the hilarity-with-teeth of Epp and Dominique Serrand's Theatre de la Jeune Lune version of Moliere's "The Miser" at the Rep six years ago. The satire has less bite. The action seems self-contained in a way that only fitfully connects with the audience. It's a lesser play., Spring training is about finding out such things. The answers aren't always permanent. They might not last until April 15, but the process has begun., Of course, Bolden will join one of his college teammates as a Broncos rookie. Denver expended a second-round pick on ASU quarterback Brock Osweiler., Another jobs report from Europe underscored the gravity of the continuing debt crisis there. The 17 countries using the euro reported that unemployment rose to 10.9 percent in March, the highest since the euro was launched in 1999., With all these calamities, many were pronouncing San Francisco dead. There were a lot of sermons in churches around the country on the subject of how God had punished the wicked city., The Callahans are from Worden, a village in Madison County., Well, being a person of interest in April doesn't mean squat. People talk about grabbing the best player available vs. need. That could be the case with the Chargers, who once could gamble on draft day - when they had more players. But I can't help but doubt the best player available is going to be a guard., "I just followed the blockers," he said. "It was set up real well. They made it easy. All I had to do was make the kicker miss, and everything after that was just off to the races. The team did a good job of blocking.", The Rochester, N.Y.-based company, which filed for bankruptcy protection last month, said it will phase out the product lines in the first half of this year and instead look for other companies to license its brand for those products. Once the products are phased out, Kodak said its consumer business will focus on photo printing and desktop inkjet printers., Forwards: Kevin Durant (OKC) 945,944; Carmelo Anthony (Den) 742,284; Pau, For more information, call Connie Moehlenhoff at (636) 733-2105., To that end, Hitchcock tweaked the lineup at practice Monday, moving Vladimir Sobotka to center., Gentry's challenge strikes at a central concern that commissioners have already discussed: Would the proposed initiative apply not only to the Portland-Milwaukie light rail project, but to all existing rail systems within county borders, such as the MAX Green Line, WES commuter rail and Amtrak?, What would be the effect of the new taxes on regional economic stability? Can Mr. Sinquefield rule out the possibility of municipal bankruptcy if the earnings tax is banned and no political agreement can be reached on replacement taxes?, IMS action is set to open May 10 with the annual Rookie Orientation Program. Full practice begins May 12., The Bridgeton center was financed in part from money raised by the St. Louis County Library when Bush, wife of former President George W. Bush, came to town last year to discuss her memoir. ("Spoken From the Heart" was released this month in paperback.), Xerox acquired its Wilsonville operation when it bought Tektronix's color ink printing business in 2000. It's now a major engineering, administrative and manufacturing site., The digital video recorder maker Tivo said there were no appreciable bumps in playbacks at the time of M.I.A.'s gesture, meaning many people either didn't see it or shrugged it off. Tivo has some 2 million customers in the U.S., said Tara Maitra, the company's senior vice president., GRACE THEATRE WORKSHOP, O'Hanlon suggests icebreakers like trivia, word and board games. Add a little social competitiveness by offering a small prize - perhaps a DVD, or a gourmet gift card., "That's up to the medical staff and myself to decide," Love said. "If it is, it is and if it isn't, so be it. I'd like to try and be a leader and get back for these two games.", Eligible owners of homes and businesses can be approved for a $20 or $35 funding award, depending on the need. Property owners getting paint and supplied through GAP will be required to use local paint suppliers, including W.F. Woodruff, H.H. Hankins & Bros., and Smith & Richards Lumber., The season opens with the conman lark of a musical "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels." about grifters plying their shady trade. (Sept. 11 -30)., Outside of the lawsuits, Cedar Fair faces another possible roadblock: The acquisition needs approval from holders of at least two-thirds of the company's outstanding shares. Investors will be able to vote by mail or at a shareholder meeting that will happen 20 days after the company mails its proxy statement, which contains information on the merger, to shareholders. When that happens depends on how quickly the report is approved by the SEC, said Cedar Fair spokeswoman Stacy Frole.Getting the required votes might not be a breeze, since the company has few large, institutional shareholders, Thomison said. About 75 percent are small-time individual investors who could make their decision based more on emotions than number-crunching., By staff writers Alexi Friedman and Joe Ryan., After being named principal in December, Bishop inherited a building at 2000 Elm St. in St. Charles, but no students, staff, furniture, cafeteria or library books. It was a new experience for Bishop, who had been principal at Harris Elementary School for seven years., "That was a truck. We cannot see. It's like impossible to see," the caller said. "The smoke is very thick you can see obviously only your hand in front. I do hear an ambulance or police officer coming down the road.", The lack of disclosure has carried over to the early planning for the summits. The only publicly announced member of the host committee, executive director Lori Healey, offered the first details of the summit planning last week in estimating the total cost at $40 million to $65 million for the overlapping meetings the weekend of May 19-21., o"Just when you think you've got it figured out, you come to some place like Richmond, and it's all new business," Dodge/SRT Motorsports Engineering's Howard Comstock said. "People know that a lower number of cautions are a possibility, but I'm not going to be surprised, especially with the track surface the way it is, if we get back to the old Richmond.", In Peru, which has a sizeable population of Chinese immigrants, there is even an Asian-Peruvian fusion dish known as chifa, a mash-up of the term "chow fan," which refers to Chinese fried rice. Chifa - basically fried rice with native Peruvian ingredients, often leftovers, and soy sauce - has become an integral part of Peruvian cuisine., At the Dec. 27 meeting, Mayor Erica Edwards said the borough is currently facing a projected shortfall in its 2012 municipal budget of about $400,000. Without giving details, the mayor also said she was confident in a plan being developed that would trim the shortfall to half that amount., The comment might have made history. It's hard to tell. The Baseball Encyclopedia doesn't keep track of players' spontaneous statements about inherently antigay humor. But McCarthy's insight was certainly rare., "I'm not sure 'excited' covers how much we're looking forward to having CD at Rapha," Slate Olson, general manager of Rapha North America said in a news release. "Chris has been a long-time friend and proponent of the Rapha brand and as we look at our goals for our business, I am delighted to have him part of the team to help us realize Rapha's potential.", "It's American iconography, overscale Americana," he said. "I enjoyed the controversy, but anything like this, a display of public art, is good for the city.", Note: Vacuum-packed chestnuts are available at Whole Foods, Molly Stone's and most gourmet cooking stores., "They thought it was coming from the school and that there were underlying problems in the room," she said. "There was something going on there that he was not telling us.", One advertising expert noted that tying a motorcycle to a movie requires balance., BEREA -- The Cleveland Browns’ contribution of $250,000 for a synthetic turf football field at the Roehm Middle School site is the start of a Berea school district shared sports complex., Should the Obama White House remain silent about its accomplishments in the field of counterterrorism, even though the Bush administration constantly promoted its less successful counterterrorism efforts?, The FBI is examining the latest bomb to see whether it could have passed through airport security and brought down an airplane, officials said. They said the device did not contain metal, meaning it probably could have passed through an airport metal detector., The takeaway: Mike Moser, a 6-8 forward, gets scoring help from guard/forward Chace Stanback (12.7 ppg), who is shooting 46 percent from 3-point range. Guards Anthony Marshall (12.1 ppg) and Oscar Bellfield (9.8 ppg) combine for 10.1 assists per game. UNLV's 17.7 assists per game rank third-best in the nation, and its 76.7 points scoring average is 24th. The Runnin' Rebels have lost five of their past 10 games., Assigning Berkman to the disabled list would free up a spot on the roster to another member of the 40-man. Skip Schumaker had two hits in four at-bats Wednesday night in Class AAA Memphis as he continued his rehab assignment. Matt Adams, the Cardinals' top power prospect at first base, had a .400 average through 50 at-bats for Triple-A Memphis, but he isn't on the 40-man roster and would necessitate multiple unlikely moves to clear way for his promotion., "Deep-sea animals, in general, tend to produce fewer offspring than shallower water animals, so if they are going to have a population impact, it may be more sensitive in deep water," he said. "There is also some evidence that deep-sea animals live longer than shallower water species, so the impact may stay around longer.", This year, we found a new scenic railroad that introduced us to a new country (for us), new customs and new experiences., 2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes, A bonding bill of $500 million to $600 million would serve Minnesota well. It ought to include support for regional convention centers in Rochester, Mankato and St. Cloud. Each is an economy-stimulating regional asset. Another must: funding for the Southwest Corridor light-rail project, which risks losing its place in line for 50 percent federal funding if the state does not act this year., Expect showers all day today in the Portland area, but the rain might hold off for Easter morning egg hunts., Feel free to select as many forwards as you want in the poll. Share your reasoning in the comments below., Overall, hiring remains strong in the hospital sector. U.S. hospitals added 9,000 jobs in November, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Over the past year, the health care industry has created 20 percent of all new jobs. Economists expect overall hiring to remain strong as hospitals and health systems prepare for the big expansion of health coverage set for 2014 under the federal Affordable Care Act., “As directed, those commissioners conducted a review of the current financial situation as well as the obligations under the proposed longterm capital plan and have informed our administration that those reviews have identified $5 billion in savings that can be immediately achieved within the capital plan,” said the letter, which did not identify specific cuts., "There was no explanation for it,’’ he said. "It was a little scary.’’, 7376, Tuba Ozkan-Haller, Corvallis, 4:14:44., Last year he was a combined 6-1 with one save and a 2.40 ERA in 44 appearances at Akron and Columbus. He struck out 99 batters and walked 23 in 71 1/3 innings. The Indians view him as a potential late-inning set-up man., Feldman was not involved in the Cerda case and spoke about the syndrome in general., The signature estate is located at the corner of Broderick Street on what Smith describes as the premier block of San Francisco's Gold Coast., With the election approaching Tuesday, a member of his campaign said about 10 people had asked about Sajid's religious beliefs. He reported to police last Sunday that some of his political signs had disappeared, but authorities said that was common in municipal elections., “There were witnesses who followed the vehicle and the vehicle got lost, so it had to be somewhere in the area,” said Sgt. Jim Petrecca of the Hamilton Police Department., 13. Brad Keselowski, 252., Police are investigating a late night shooting in Southeast Portland that left one man injured., Meetings are held on the second and fourth Friday of the month at 12:30 p.m. at the Senior Center at West Fourth Street in Bayonne. For more information, call Tina at (201) 436-7570 unless otherwise noted:, President Barack Obama and Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer put aside weeks of heated rhetoric over immigration and border-security issues in favor of a "cordial" Oval Office chat Thursday, but it appears that not much progress was made during their 35-minute meeting., "We have to take advantage of our quickness and play good defense and force other teams into bad shots to get our fast break started," Brumm said., The company's contracts contain an autorenewal clause, Couser said. "It's pretty standard for the telecommunications business.", Mater's Junkyard Jamboree promises to be the dizziest and noisiest of the new rides coming to Cars Land in 2012 at Disney California Adventure., Every year, Smith puts on a live performance on the birthday of her greatest muse, the 19th-century French Symbolist poet Arthur Rimbaud. This year, his 157th birthday, the show benefited the Atheneum., "The fact that it was found is quite remarkable.", The investigation thus far has only dealt with employees spying on their co-workers, Pratt said. Treasury officials have received no complaints that workers used the system to peer into the income tax records of non-employees., oMeanwhile, keep on keeping on and you will eventually either get the job that works for you or find your niche in your own business., After receiving an offer from Mississippi last month, the usual scenario would see numerous other D-I schools following suit. But for Farkas, nothing. Not even hometown UCF., Cleveland's competition in Nashville, Tenn. though, pooh-poohed the fanfare., The proposed rules would allow some pilots to fly more hours -- 10 instead of the current maximum of eight -- if they begin their day in the morning so that most of their flying takes place during the daytime. But pilots who fly overnight -- the busiest time of day for cargo carriers and military charters -- would be allowed fewer than eight hours because people naturally crave sleep during those hours., Ascent Fitness grand opening, -- Douglas Keane. Cyrus, Healdsburg, The Wall Street Journal has a fascinating story on why brewer Femsa, one of Mexico's most storied companies, is contemplating getting out of the beer business., CANCER (June 20-July 21): It's the perfect time to sign up for a workshop or to enroll in a course. Don't be surprised if what starts off as a lark suddenly takes flight., Minority-party Democrats on the committee led by Sen. Michael Skindell, a Lakewood Democrat, tried to remove the language allowing for turnpike privitization but his proposal was tabled by the GOP majority., 1. Left tackle. David Diehl is the incumbent, but he won’t line up there to start the preseason. With guards Rich Seubert and Chris Snee out with injuries, Diehl will slide inside while William Beatty begins the game at left tackle. It’ll be Beatty’s chance to prove he can withstand one of the better blitz packages in the league., 35737 Foothill Dr., $145,000, at Colorado Academy, But hell hath no fury like a sycophant scorned., An as-yet-unnamed opponent will try on Jan. 3 at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Ariz., where Ohio State will bid to achieve what no Buckeye team has accomplished since 1968., Santorum didn’t. He overthought. He overcorrected. He overdid. He spent so much time explaining the process by which he voted for this, or why he’d originally done that, and the difficulty in his position that led him to do the other, that he never made a positive case for himself., The hourly cap on flights for Newark Liberty International Airport is 83, but the DOT’s analysis shows that in bad weather, the airport can actually handle about 66 flights an hour. So, when rain or snow hits, more flights are scheduled than the airport can handle, making delays a virtual certainty. The cap for John F. Kennedy International Airport is 83 flights per hour, compared with a capacity of 67 in bad weather, while LaGuardia Airport is capped at 81 flights against a capacity of 74., The baby's name is meant to symbolize a leader, said Nakisha West, who is a stay-at-home mother., I did my first play in 1989 at Our Lady of Angels School. I have this memory of being backstage and thinking, "I want to do this for the rest of my life!" So I sat my single mom down in our West 160th Street duplex. I was a very serious 8-year-old., "We ended up just a little short and that closes out our season for us," Hay said. "I am very proud of the guys and how they fought at the end.", U.S. Attorney Steve Dettelbach, whose office has been prosecuting the Cuyahoga County corruption probe, shared that bit of information with a gathering of local business people interested in joining the Northeast Ohio Business Ethics Coalition., Only one problem: That's the name of Sessions' dog, a 6-month-old Staffordshire terrier., 2ND ANNUAL BOOK FAIR, "Ironwood is a great team," Canyon del Oro senior Kayla Bonstrom said. "Everytime we play them, it's a battle until the end. We respect them because they are a phenomenal club and they play with a lot of heart.", Police say Abbott killed his father, 65-year-old Kenneth Abbott, and stepmother, 55-year-old Celeste Abbott, sometime last month before burning the bodies outside their home near Slippery Rock, about 40 miles north of Pittsburgh., I had also checked out a house on the border of Federal Hill for $1,100 a month. The place was OK. It had some perks like a finished basement and totally remodeled bathroom, but the living room and kitchen combined were slightly larger than my college dorm room and the backyard was nothing more than a single cement block with a fence around it. Parking seemed to be a nightmare., Two fires that raged Thursday night and early Friday morning had destroyed the home of Fischer's longtime dental practice, Maplewood-Richmond Heights Family Dentistry. The roof had collapsed, leaving the second floor open to the sky., In 1988, the All-American League was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, N.Y., Russo has pleaded guilty to 21 corruption charges, including bribery, and agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for a reduction on his sentence of nearly 22 years in prison. He is expected to testify against Dimora., In both cases, Keith argued that his clients had been brainwashed by Manson into committing the heinous crimes., Injury Report: Timbers forward Jorge Perlaza sat out Tuesday's training due to tightness in a groin muscle. However, Perlaza was back on the field for the Timbers' practices Thursday and Friday and according to Spencer he will definitely be available for the game this weekend., Moscow signaled as clearly as it can that, as its UN Ambassador Vitaly Churkin put it yesterday, the Security Council “should be guided by the principle of non-interference” in Syria’s internal affairs — even if the Arab League has initiated that interference., But one can only live on a diet of ramen and unrealized potential for so long. Lucas Neff, the actor and Chicago native who wrote "The Last Duck," knows this intimately (the play continues through Sunday at the Viaduct Theatre). Just weeks before he landed the role of Jimmy Chance on the Fox sitcom"Raising Hope" — recently renewed for a third season — he was cleaning toilets in Chicago., Of the 26 St. Louis Public Schools students who received perfect scores on the reading or math sections of the state test last year, five of them were from Herzog. Three of them were third-graders at the school., THOMAS: Possibly. Arizona courts have yet to determine what the separate criminal offense must entail. However, the statute is written quite broadly. It also is yet to be determined by the state courts whether merely providing medical care and housing to an elderly person who happens to be without status would meet the state's definition of harboring. In the event that criminal liability is found, the penalty is a class 1 misdemeanor and subjects offenders to fines of at least $1,000. However, a violation that involves 10 or more illegal immigrants is a class 6 felony with a fine of at least $1,000 for each immigrant involved., "I think it's mainly just attitude," May said. "A little bit of a lack of leadership on the team. That's been killing us. It's been hurting us in practice and in the matches. We have a lot of potential, but not the leadership we need.", The requirements are as follows: You have to have the shoulders to support a cape, the legs for tights and the mortal fortitude to not look at small, indie films as your personal kryptonite., Once you know the script that thoroughly, Hopkins says, all you need to worry about is getting in your own way., "Even a three-month delay can cause harm to investors," Hardy said., Beach Plum Ice Cream Parlor: 420 Main St., Bradley Beach; Hours: 11:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. Sunday through Thursday; 11 a.m. to midnight Friday and Saturday., (05-02) 05:52 PDT Austin, Texas (AP) --, "Once you're comfortable with the tools, you can get as creative as you want," she says., In part, that is because he was no longer that player., Ong said many Asian immigrants come to the U.S. for higher education or economic reasons, with others arriving for family reunification or as refugees. In recent years, they have become more dispersed throughout the country, although overall, Asians remain heavily concentrated in the West., Lance announced Thursday its second-quarter net income rose to $12.2 million, or 38 cents per share, from $9.5 million last year., SPRINGFIELD, Ill. -- Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn tomorrow will lay out a doomsday state budget that cuts $1.3 billion from schools, takes $300 million from cities, and still leaves the state with hundreds of millions of dollars in unpaid bills., (05-06) 22:23 PDT KOLKATA, India (AP) --, Blend what you love into something new., The keys to beating the Nuggets are not complicated. Get back in transition, wall off the lane, keep the Nuggets off the glass., Flake or fascist? Genius or selfish narcissist? Or, simply, as Stein herself might say: "Collaborator is a collaborator is a collaborator is a collaborator.", Walton was connected to Urba through Duane Roth, his friend and boss in San Diego. As his own health got better, Walton felt a push to help., And you could argue that Verlander was even better last year than his 2.40 ERA indicates. Consider: Jered Weaver finished second in the AL with a 2.41 ERA. But Verlander allowed fewer runners per nine innings, and allowed fewer extra-base hits, despite facing 43 more batters., When Ryan's mother moved to a more affordable place in Baltimore City, Ryan opted to stay behind to finish high school in a better school system, said his dad, Ryan Johnson Sr. Ryan and his father moved in with an uncle, but eventually the place began to feel too small for the two families. When the county's cold-weather shelter opened in November, the Johnsons packed their belongings into their car and moved out, expecting the situation to be temporary., Next to Cedar Point, the Soak City waterpark will have a new look for 2012. It will add a mat-racer complex that gives racers a speedy ride through a series of dips and plateaus. More information on that will be available later this year, the company said., By the time food executives sensed culpability for the obesity epidemic, it was too late. Changing French fry oil at a large restaurant chain can have such a huge financial and taste impact that corporate buyers can't risk profit margins for hard-to-measure health benefits. In another example, a Nestle executive explains that changing some of the ingredients in the ever-profitable Nestle Crunch bar could drive up the cost and cause a marketing nightmare., Their family is in shock, Souders wrote, adding that "Ronnie" was loved by many people and will be "greatly missed.", She is expected to play a few minutes tonight against the Japanese national team at US Airways Center, the Mercury's lone preseason game. Mercury coach Corey Gaines had some positive things to say after seeing Simon play last week., Freeholder Director Robert Damminger, whose voice cracked at times as he served as emcee, suggested a rather simple message come out of Sunday’s day of reflection and remembrance., A. (laughs). That's right. He was throwing people around like they weighed nothing., NPFPDCDC, P.O. Box 280, Daly City, Calif., 94016-0280., In the biggest game of the season, at 21 he became The Franchise., But one noted criminal defense attorney said the note makes clear that the written instructions followed by the jury didn't match the laws under which Senser was charged., "I was impressed when I found students working on a commercial for one of their products," she said. "Not only do they come up with a product, they learn how to market it.", "Bully" examines school bullying by following five kids over the course of a school year. It's directed by Lee Hirsch., She debuted on Broadway in 1965 in the musical "The Yearling" and also appeared in "Fiddler on the Roof" and "Annie.", Last year, Charlie and Maria Cardoso of Massachusetts had their retirement home in Florida seized, belongings removed and locks changed, even though they'd paid cash for it in 2005., Grady's Lounge: Clone, 9:30 p.m. Sat. 25280 Gratiot, Roseville. 586-777-8884., My trip started in Brazil, where I gave a presentation at the 62nd Brazilian Botanical Conference in Forteleza. There I met Joao Batist Silva, a fascinating 68-year-old Brazilian plant collector. He is the kind of guy they drop by helicopter on one mountain top and pick up a week later on another peak. He travels only with a GPS, a bit of food, his digital camera and a hammock., Dear Ben: There is great feedback here, but you will need to take the initiative. You want your daughter to be competent in the world and have options. It’s as silly to not teach your kid how to drive as it is to not teach them how to swim. Push kindly — but firmly. Make it a fact-of-life requirement. Be sure to enroll her in a full-service course that includes in-class and on-road training. These classes create safer drivers than the do-it-yourself method many use after turning 18. The crash rate for 18-year-olds is way up due to this., The verdict chastised Gilani for "bringing this court and the judiciary of this country into ridicule.", day.", 1 cup (or less) buttermilk, "It's still up in the air," Lau said of whether they will be able to reach a settlement that day. "We're just not sure.", Cotto came out looking slow and overmatched in the first round, but quickly settled into a routine, attacking Mayweather from behind his left jab. But Mayweather got more aggressive coming out to start the fourth round, and landed a series of rights to the head that stunned Cotto and kept him from moving forward effectively., Essentially, Avnet serves as a middleman between suppliers who produce some of the world's greatest technology and customers who need it. Besides its electronics marketing business, it also offers technology services to businesses., oComcast's acquisition of a majority stake in NBC Universal, which owns TV channels and movie studios, closed at the end of January last year., Clubhouse confidential: How empty was Progressive Field for Monday’s day-night doubleheader against the White Sox? So empty that Indians relievers in the bullpen could hear play-by-play man Tom Hamilton’s voice as it echoed over the speakers throughout the ballpark., Several districts also announced they will close schools today for a second day in a row. They include: Millburn, Livingston, Verona, West Orange, New Providence and Summit. Other districts, including Jefferson Township, will have delayed openings to give students and school buses time to navigate treacherous streets to get to school., Kay is a professor of politics and government at Ohio Wesleyan University and an associate at the Mershon Center for International Security Studies at the Ohio State University. He is author of "Celtic Revival?: The Rise, Fall, and Renewal of Global Ireland" (Rowman & Littlefield, 2011)., The breakdown left the nation facing the prospect of automatic reductions to government agency budgets in January 2013 -- an outcome that both parties agree could damage the military and government services such as law enforcement, food inspection and transportation safety., Tebow said he and Sanchez are both “extreme competitors. We’ll be able to push each other to get better.”, Councilor Steve Hurst wondered whether Cosgrove had already provided notice that he would be leaving his current post in Silverton. "Because after this meeting, he might change his mind.", The plant should turn out four completed aircraft by year's end. By the end of 2013, the plant should be producing about three-and-a-half of the speedy, light aircraft made half of composite material of carbon fiber-reinforced plastic., White, however, told us the governor would be willing to call a special session of the legislature to pass such a bill, if necessary., Wang Lijun, Mr. Bo's former police chief, is widely believed to have presented damaging material about Mr. Bo during a visit to the U.S. Consulate in Chengdu in February. Mr. Wang is also being investigated by Chinese authorities., But it still leaves guys like David Rodriguez contemplating new employment., All these projects retained a good dose of Gallic soul -- in particular, an unwavering devotion to laborious Champenoise-method winemaking, which requires a second fermentation in the bottle to create the crucial tiny bubbles. Prior to their arrival, much American sparkling wine was made using Charmat, or closed-tank, method to get the fizz. Now the traditional method is standard for quality domestic sparklers., AUDITIONS for the Patt Holt Singers groups will take place March 31 at the studio, 2031 Campus, St. Charles. The Just Kids group, ages 8-14, will take place from 6-7:30 p.m. Connection, high school aged or older, and the Patt Holt Singers, must be out of high school, will take place from 7:30-9 p.m. Participants should prepare a simple one-minute audition song and bring along the sheet music or a CD with background music. Participants should wear comfortable clothes and shoes, no open-toe shoes, and be prepared to dance. Dancing is not a requirement, but the ability to move to music is. Participants must be able to sing on key. Males and females are both welcome. For more information, go to www.thepattholtsingers.com or call 636-947-0120., Some people might see it as managing decline. Cate says it is a chance to remake California's penal system into a leaner, more focused institution., Shannon also echoed Vanaman and Messeck’s sentiments on a street patrol., The company is seeking the permits because it says they will allow it to keep up with new market demands for smaller birds, the West Central Tribune reported ( http://bit.ly/JzX2rE)., The mini-gallery offers a glimpse into the man who now sits in jail accused of running a $190 million fraud scheme., Pierce spoke recently about Wafu -- which means "Japanese-style" -- along with his cooking past and future. Questions and answers have been edited., I also want to thank everyone for participating -- the voters and all contestants. We had 170 bartenders nominated by readers, and to even make it into the Top 20 says a great deal about the contestants., Here's the list:, The city of Los Angeles could get an additional $350 million in savings and additional revenue by going after uncollected fees, better managing properties and contracting with local businesses, according to a series of reports released Thursday., Wojcik, who has 18 goals on the year, finished with a pair of goals and assist and really seemed to enjoy playing up., King was driving under the influence and being pursued by police when he was pulled over by officers, who responded to his erratic behavior by kicking him and beating him with their batons as others stood by and watched. The incident was caught on video by a civilian bystander and replayed around the world., Pairings: Seafood, light pastas, seasonal soups, appetizers and mellow cheeses., The National Employment Law Project, in a recent blog post, said failure to renew the federal program "would have to be seen as a conscious decision to push the economy into another recession and seriously harm millions of unemployed workers and their families.", said the ship would never land., The choirs will perform in their annual "Show Choir Extravaganza" at 7 p.m. on Thursday, Friday and Saturday in the school's auditorium., A decision by township trustees three decades ago resulted in the unauthorized speed zones, according to an advisory issued last week by Sagamore Hills police. The officials exceeded their authority in 1979 when they ordered drivers to slow to 25 mph on all township roads., North Ridgeville -- A sprawling sports complex may be emerging from financial turmoil under the ownership of contractors who helped build it just two years ago., "This is yet another project that shows the creativity of making do with what we have," Wiewel said., The East Side club has been called one of the top 100 bars in America by Esquire magazine. Countless bands have added Cleveland as a tour stop because they enjoy its homey, music-friendly vibe. The Beachland has also anchored a revival on Waterloo Road in the city's Collinwood neighborhood., Another WBBM-FM alumnus, Gary Spears will host mid-days on the WJMK from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. starting March 21. Broadway Bill Lee, a talent from New York, will fill in until Spears starts. Spears was on air at B96 from 1982 to 1984 and again from 1990 to 1994., "There's a lot of reasons we won," FitzGerald said Tuesday. "Jimmy Dimora and Frank Russo are not on the ballot. The Democratic Party wants to move away from that.", But even Smith - a staunch supporter of Van Gundy as a coach - isn't so sure Van Gundy and Howard can co-exist., Love said she thinks folks were just weren't clear about where the carpet was. She was already inside Public Auditorium, on her way to dinner, when her producer turned her right around. They exited the venue and came back inside by way of the red carpet amid flashbulbs and cheers. Letting fans see her "live and up-close," said the 71-year-old pro, "is just part of being in show business.", The gap between America's high-minded ideals and narrow-minded practice is not new., Parma Heights, like other municipalities in the area, is waiting for the state to decide on the legality of these establishments., W — Not reported.W — Quintana, 5 K's, 5 BBs., Growing marijuana hundreds of feet underground - the same way the company started its Canadian operations in 2001 - provides security, constant temperature, controlled light and humidity, and protects the plants from bugs and diseases, eliminating the need for harmful pesticides and herbicides, Zettl said. He said any medical marijuana sold in Michigan should be subject to the same regular and rigorous testing as is found in Canada., New York's famed department stores also reflected the emerging consumer culture., <U+0093>I don<U+0092>t really care who takes credit for it, really. Truth be told, President Bush put in the first money. Truth be told, President Obama put in the biggest chunk of the money and he had to have the team to do the restructuring. To put in money isn<U+0092>t enough. You<U+0092>ve got to do something with it, and I thought they did a good job with the restructuring., Would the Rockets really have become a contender if they got Gasol and Nene? It's hard to say, especially with a new coach in Kevin McHale, although you would expect big men to flourish under him., AP ANALYSIS, Cast: Neil Patrick Harris and the voices of Katy Perry and Jonathan Winters., Q. Favorite author?, Senate Republicans refused to confirm anyone to head the new agency, demanding changes in its governance first. They said the Dodd-Frank bill put too much unbridled power in a single director, a recipe for abuse. GOP senators, who had kind words for Cordray personally, said they wanted a five-member oversight board and auditors who could examine the agency's work., In New Mexico, red chile sauce is made from dried chiles and green chile sauce is made from fresh chiles that have been roasted, peeled and seeded., Hey, Tony: With the Browns needing a playmaker on offense why don't they give Terrell Owens or a Randy Moss or even Kenny Britt a call? I know they bring a lot of baggage but at least for one year it couldn't hurt? -- Chris Archer, Belpre, Ohio, He said he was just trying to lift the puck out of the zone. The Flyers had pulled goalie Ilya Bryzgalov to set up a 6-on-4 power play., Size: 6,600 square feet., Third period: 4, RV, Riccatone (Kuhn, Maes), 5:50 pp. 5, RJ, Wigton (Wagner), 15:05. Penalties: Carothers, RJ (tripping), 5:32; Riccatone, RV (head contact), 8:59., The Cardinals' early work against Reds starter Homer Bailey proved enough. It came three days after they reached Milwaukee Brewers pitcher Yovani Gallardo for four home runs, including three in the third inning of a blowout win., The statement said the tabloid initially heard about the story through a tip. "We had to do a great deal of work to establish that the information was correct and to determine the validity of certain documents that our reporters later discovered.", TRENTON — The New Jersey Supreme Court today plunged into a simmering legal battle between Gov. Chris Christie and the state’s judges over how much they should contribute to their health insurance and pensions, leading him to lash out at the justices and question their motivations., Workers at the I Street facility had not yet been notified of the move., Kinzel's stewardship of the amusement parks themselves has been "remarkable over the years," said longtime shareholder Janie Riffle of Bellevue, Ohio. She called Cedar Point the best amusement park in the country - clean, well-staffed and well-managed. But even Kinzel admits, she said, that "he's not a financial wizard.", A recipe this simple needs good-quality ingredients. Olympia uses a fortified sour cream that's not available to consumers. Full-fat Greek yogurt is a good substitute. Hickok recommends using a garlic press or a kitchen rasp for mincing the garlic. Never substitute garlic salt or garlic powder, he says., Family Assistance Ministries invites you to tour its new, larger facility at 1030 Calle Negocio in the Rancho San Clemente Business Park during an open house scheduled for 5 to 7 p.m. Wednesday., If your antennae just went up, you're probably not alone. Anderson, who played right in the middle of baseball's infamous steroid era, has never apologized for his obsession with better training through science., Riley won't use injuries and Jacquizz Rodgers' decision to go pro as excuses for the Beavers' ineptitude, but he doesn't discount the impact of missing key players, especially flanker/kick returner James Rodgers., The charges stemmed from Feb. 21, when police responded to Buttitta’s home on Vanderveer Road, where his brother James Gattone Jr., 24, had suffered an overdose, the county prosecutor’s office said. Gattone was transported to Somerset Medical Center in Somerville., Investigators put together a loose-knit theory of the crime that had all five defendants converging on the site in as many as three cars. When they failed to break into a trailer-load of explosive material, they set it on fire, either out of frustration, or to cover up their crime., As the Charleston event kicks off more than four years of 150th anniversary Civil War commemorations, it also frames persisting questions. Chief among them: How does a nation remember the time when 11 of its states tried unsuccessfully to break away?, Nor is it a bad plan. It is, to quote military expert Tony Cordesman, "Afghan Good Enough." It provides necessary relief for our armed forces. It reminds Afghanistan and its leaders that, ultimately, it is their job to secure their own nation, cut their own deals and govern appropriately. It promises no unseemly rush for the exits, but rather another decade of assistance, including military assistance, with the work of special operations forces continuing on the ground., Still, industry veterans aren't ready to read the display cluster's obituary. Pixelworks founder and longtime CEO Allen Alley, now deputy chief of staff to Oregon Gov. Ted Kulongoski, said he thinks some electronics manufacturing may migrate back to the U.S. within five to 10 years., According to an article in the magazine Inside the Air Force, the Air Force changed its requirements for the aircraft, calling for it to strafe an enemy target with its .50-caliber machine guns while carrying two 500-pound bombs. The previous requirement called for releasing one of the bombs before strafing., The new subdivision 18, as it stands today, has the majority of traffic flowing down Wendell Street, a street not intended for that amount of traffic., Bunz & Company, Organist — and unlikely YouTube sensation — Cameron Carpenter plays a "Bach to the Beatles" program that will include projections showing the intricate movements of his hands and feet., A record: At 800 feet, Indy's zipline will be the longest temporary one ever constructed., "You don't need to thank everyone you've ever met or members of your family, who have done nothing," Gervais said. "Just the main two. Your agent and God.", Signs of the change are evident in Minnesota, where the number of Mexican-born immigrants has "leveled off some" over the past five years and is now around 60,000, according to estimates from State Demographer Susan Brower., Avalon Waterways, (877) 797-8791, http://www.avalonwaterways.com. Affinity, Creativity, Felicity, Imagery, Luminary, Panorama (debuts in May), Royal Lotus, Santa Cruz, Scenery, Tapestry, Tranquility, Victoria Anna, Victoria Jenna, He never talks about the game — “The last person they need is a novice like me talking about it,” he said — instead trying to choose a message that will help their personal growth. This time, he planned a message they’ve heard before: The importance of being a good father or role model., One section of land at Mark Twain has remained undeveloped. Baer said there are no specific plans for the strip of land northeast of Side Pockets. Baer said an optimistic view would include construction in a year to a year and a half., BRANCHBURG — Two township brothers face charges following a child pornography investigation, the Somerset County Prosecutor’s Office said., For Webster Groves High School students, it was an important part of coming of age., Time to take him to visit New York, no? And, to encourage his independence, regardless of setting?, In his successful campaign that year against then-Sen. Mike DeWine, Brown hammered DeWine (now Ohio's attorney general) on absences from Senate Intelligence Committee public hearings., Superintendent Jim Foster said the district will formulate a strategy to address cramped and decrepit schools without Measure 34-182's $25.9 million infusion of cash., UMBC 19, Vermont 11: The host Retrievers (6-7, 3-2 America East) had 12 second-half goals to push past the Catamounts (8-7, 1-3)., "Crowds started getting bigger and bigger and bigger," he said. "Four hundred to 500 people, every Thursday.", "It's about one word: quality," Cosgrove said. "The more you do something, the better you get at it.", One consistency are Jimenez's parents, who live with him during the season and have attended his games since youth games. His father, who loves and taught him the game, was a bus driver; his mother a nurse. An older sister -- he's the youngest of two children -- is in medical school studying to be a pediatrician or dermatologist., In a prepared statement, Khosla said that under Fox and her predecessors, UC San Diego "has become one of the world's top universities" in just over 50 years., What Oregon needs to avoid is a slide into mediocrity while it's attempting to fill a growing number of seats with enthusiastic ticket holders. And the victories over the Huskies and Cougars are a nice early sign that Kent's program might be inching toward a legitimate season., Singer Merrill Osmond is 59., 2009-10: 6,083, "Our philosophy about all things from wine to records and downloads and T-shirts is, you know, we're not trying to get the most out of everybody," says Monahan., Church spokeswoman Kim Farah says it is merely emphasizing concern for keeping families together., Avoiding that steep cut will be costly, mainly because there are so many people on Social Security — about 55 million today, approaching 90 million in 2033. The sooner Congress adjusts the program to bring more money into the trust fund, reduce the growth in benefit costs, or both, the less drastic the changes will have to be., He avoided specifics, saying he wanted to win in Massachusetts, his home state, but offered no predictions about states where the contests were closer. He refused to comment again on Rush Limbaugh's crude criticism of a Georgetown law student—on Friday Romney had called the remarks "not the language I would have used"—saying only that he planned to focus his campaign on jobs and the economy., regulator -- the Federal Housing Finance Agency -- has controlled their financial decisions., "There can be no holes in the box because that could allow insects inside," said Kaipo W. Ng, a plant protection and quarantine officer. Blooms leaving the islands must be declared at the airport and:, Rejecting a request generally isn't fun, whether the advance is romantic ("Want to go out Saturday?"), professional ("Can you have the report done by 1 p.m.?") or social ("Come on, just one more drink!")., When asked if would rather have Jackson starting at Class AAA Columbus should he not make the Tribe's rotation, Wedge said, "I think we'll have enough depth in starters down there if Jackson is indeed the guy.", The agency also has identified Mexican drug trafficking organizations as the biggest threat to Kansas, citing a lack of law enforcement resources and the ease with which gang members assimilate with growing Hispanic populations who come to work at meatpacking plants and feed yards in the southwest corner of the state., Shourd grew up in Southern California, Bauer is a native on Minnesota and Fattal grew up in Pennsylvania., "There was one week that was very slow, but Toyota has come out with some very good incentives since then," Ganley said. He added that all of the cars on his lot are for sale again, so he's not facing the inventory issues that many dealers had in late January and the first part of this month., Talk to the manager. Experience is good, but a savvy and idealistic novice is preferable to a blasé veteran. Any decent manager will at least pay lip service to supporting real farms and quality produce., Jackson countered that the teachers’ collective bargaining powers will not be weakened. The school district still has to negotiate with the Cleveland Teachers Union, as well as all other bargaining units that are part of the district. In fact, those discussions already are occurring, he noted., Of course he did. That's Stan, to the bittersweet end, brutally honest., We need an Idiot's Guide to Public Corruption for Cuyahoga County government., “It was just a stupid idea and one of many stupid ideas that happened in this building over the last eight years,” said Christie, a Republican, referring to the two Democratic administrations that preceded his., Since then, Facebook has announced two other data centers -- one in North Carolina, and one in Sweden. The North Carolina site is also served by a utility that relies on coal, but the European location will get its energy from nearby hydropower facilities., Bloomberg says the killing of the terrorist leader doesn't lessen the suffering Americans experienced at his hands the day the World Trade Center was destroyed but is a "critically important victory" for the nation. He says it's a tribute to the men and women in the armed forces who've fought so hard., That's why energy bars have flooded the market. They sound good: Who doesn't want energy, right? But reading the labels on these so-called energy bars gives one pause: Often high in calories and processed, they also contain a great deal of sugar (even if it isn't called that), which is added to a batch of chemicals you can't pronounce., In New Jersey, which has struggled to close an unemployment insurance fund deficit of $1.75 billion, lawmakers had toyed with the idea earlier this year of implementing a one-week waiting period before claimants could collect unemployment. That proposal did not pass., A spokeswoman for Taubman Centers could not be reached for comment., 1/4 cup tahini (sesame seed paste), oHis calm demeanor settled my hysteria. He told me to call the police and said he would have a replacement delivered within a few hours. I did, and he did., Lakes with shallow bays that warm quickly already have provided fairly good action, among them Minnetonka, Bald Eagle and Chisago-area lakes, while deeper portions of those and other waters are just approaching peak times for first-run crappies., Some detectives leave the Scheerer Avenue crime scene to interview victims at the hospital; others return to run names through county and Newark police intelligence banks. Most victims were teenagers with little or no criminal history. But one name jumps out., Zinfandel: That heat also makes Calistoga a great place for robust Zinfandels. These aren't as tough-necked as the versions from nearby Howell Mountain, but they are both durable and nuanced, showing the potential for Zin as a serious wine., RUNS, The teen told her mother the boy was not breathing and had turned blue and Lottmann replied "oh, really" and continued swimming, according to police reports., "If you turn the clock back four, five years ago, we were taking a roof off, putting a second story on; major kitchen and bathroom remodels," said Dunlap. "Most of those kitchens were in the $70,000, $80,000 range, master bathrooms in the $65,000 range. What we are seeing now is those same folks in the same area are doing what needs to be done to keep their homes functional. There is very little of what we call discretionary remodeling right now.", The Wild case began in February when three female police cadets at the state police academy reported receiving harassing phone calls. The Oregon State Police got the report and began investigating on Feb. 2., The New York Times recently detailed the story behind "Paterno" and author Joe Posnanski. Posnanski, who would not talk to the Times, was a longtime sports columnist at the Kansas City Star. From 2009 until the past month or so he wrote a column for Sports Illustrated., Star-studded football fundraiser: Stars of MTV's "The Buried Life" challenged former Oregon Ducks football stars in a fundraising football game Saturday at Tigard High School, but it turns out the free training camp for kids was the main attraction., The Beauty and the Sorrow: An Intimate History of the First World War, by Peter Englund (Knopf; 540 pages; $35)., Joe Buck has accomplished more than only a handful of other sportscasters in his 41 years, and his latest milestone is in progress. He's doing play-by-play of his 13th World Series, breaking the record for most times in the role on network TV held by legends Vin Scully and Curt Gowdy., TOLEDO BEND: Water stained; 69-73 degrees; 1.27' low. Black bass are good on watermelon and chartreuse soft plastics and Rat-L-Traps. Striped bass are good on minnows and green striper jigs. White bass are fair on slabs and minnows in the river. Crappie are fair on minnows and chartreuse tube jigs with yellow tails. Channel and blue catfish are fair on trotlines baited with minnows, cut bait, and shrimp. Yellow catfish are slow., "We're going to let you go . . . release you from your body," she says. "It doesn't want to help you anymore and do what you want it to do. You've been such a good boy, we're just going to do what's right for you.", Some vendors will be selling shad dishes. For those who don’t care for the oily fish, there are many food stands that will offer wide choices in specialty sandwiches and family food snacks at the food court located at the Well Fargo Bank parking lot., For years, the two fought over everything. Were Ms. Setnick's skirts too short? Should she take an umbrella? To this day, Ms. Setnick says she can't stand umbrellas because they remind her of being controlled by her mom. One argument involving screaming and door slamming was about a purse. Ms. Setnick was a bridesmaid in a wedding and didn't think she needed to bring one for the evening. Her mother felt otherwise. "It was like a clash of wills," Ms. Setnick recalls. "Who was going to capitulate?", Ms. Spar says she's no exception. "In one of my books, I thanked my nanny and a person commented to me how 'sweet' that I was doing that, but it wasn't sweet -- she took care of the home front and enabled me to write that book.", "It's like trying to get five Michael Jordans together to pass the ball around," he said., Simpson isn't the only wide receiver visiting Rams Park this week. Jerricho Cotchery, most recently with Pittsburgh, also was scheduled to arrive Tuesday for a visit that will conclude today. Cotchery, 29, averaged 67 catches for 841 yards over a five-year period with the New York Jets (2006-10), a period in which current Rams offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer ran the Jets' offense., Game 42, If nothing else, it should have been ruled a foul ball. But suddenly, Scott lowered his arms and signaled fair ball. Catcher A.J. Ellis alertly scooped up the ball and fired to third. The stunned Padres were just standing at their bases, apparently thinking the bunt was a foul ball., "It's great to see (the cooks) light up when their food goes out," Batson told me., "For me, it's like going full circle," Greenwood said. Her grandmother was the sole librarian for a small two-room library in a little town in rural Kansas. On weekends, Greenwood as a girl used to volunteer to help., KMOX program director Steve Moore credited his station's coverage of last month's tornados, as well as the Cards, to the rise., Q: What is the record for the most snow in a 24-hour period in the United States?, control of the country in a state of emergency and occupy a, Veterans, of all people, deserve a helping hand, said Steve Benz, HVAF's board chairman. The organization now houses about 200 of them, he said., JEERS . . . to parents who pile up huge bills for unpaid child support. The Cuyahoga County Prosecutor's Office and the Child Support Enforcement Agency are hauling some of the worst offenders into court -- and even off to prison., And many local officials attending the convention still bill their towns for the week’s accommodations, including hotel rooms in the resort city that cost official attendees anywhere between $65 and $142 per night., Seventeen girls, ages 13 and 14, and their chaperones traveled to Seattle on a Friday afternoon in five cars to play in a weekend soccer competition pitting 120 teams from Oregon and Washington. On Saturday, one of the teens started to feel sick so she went to a chaperone, asking if she could stay in her room. The girl ended up spending six hours in the chaperone's bathroom, throwing up and suffering from diarrhea. The woman whisked her out of the hotel and drove her back to Oregon. The team played on Saturday and enjoyed Sunday lunch together in a room at the hotel before returning home that afternoon., I like hitting as much as the next guy, but I like winning more., Anhui has attracted factories. Workers in the plants have dreams. Like almost all the young women in her village, Zhang Yuan went out to work in a garment factory., Seton Hall’s new president will replace Monsignor Robert Sheeran, who is scheduled to step down after 15 years as head of the 9,400-student school. Seton Hall’s board of regents was scheduled to make its choice before Sheeran leaves office on June 30., on age improving their looks., Available at: Whole Foods Market and area health-food stores., Tourists and passers-by flocked to the scene at the Hyatt, as did many of San Diego County's tiny Tibetan community. The latter had been alerted in advance by Lama Tensing, the Dalai Lama's special emissary and an occasional county resident. They burned incense and assembled a small altar decorated with wheat and barley flour., They want a homegrown product of the 410, a man or a woman, young or old, with a real, bonafide Baltimore accent, -- thick, dirty and true., Officials familiar with the offer said it would save the government $121 billion by requiring federal civilian workers to contribute more to their pension plans, shave $23 billion from farm and nutrition programs and generate $15 billion from new auctions of broadcast spectrum to wireless companies., Drafted No. 11 overall by the 49ers in 2010, the 6-5, 323-pound Davis has lived up to expectations with a promising start to what figures to be a long career., That question was answered when a Seattle-area woman, after reading The Plain Dealer story on the Internet, contacted the newspaper, saying her husband, Charles Reeves Little II, 43, is the great-great-grandson of the Cleveland man., Representatives of 11 conferences and Notre Dame met in Florida yesterday and agreed to present models of a four-team playoff to their constituents. A final decision, which would require the approval of college presidents, could be reach by July 1., During NRBQ's relentless touring schedule — they often logged 250 shows a year — Ardolino projected the image of the world's happiest bus driver. Under a mass of long, black curly hair and peering out from behind a grizzly beard and mustache, Ardolino bounced atop the stool of his drum kit as he pounded out sultry shuffles, effervescent swing beats, insistent rock and slinky R&B pulses, country two-steps or intricate jazz polyrhythms that anchored his fellow players' flights of musical fancy., The seven-period daily schedule, teachers say, are exacerbating the effects of high class sizes and increased teaching loads., The Saints had to find a one-season replacement for head coach Sean Payton, whose season-long suspension in connection with the bounty scandal begins Monday and runs through February's Super Bowl., foot ladder 200 yards to the fire. They sized up the, "Jessica and I had the same science class in eighth grade and we were kind of friends," Kayla said. "In middle school, she talked about how - when she was old enough - she wanted to audition for 'American Idol.' I always knew she was a really good singer and I'm not surprised she's come this far. Her performance tonight was amazing. She controls the stage very well and her voice is great.", OK, so defenders of these geniuses could argue that they are victims of bad luck as much as their own hubris. After all, who would have thought that natural gas prices would have declined 43 percent since the transaction?, It appears natural gas storage levels could build to a record high ahead of the winter heating season, which will keep a lid on prices barring a hurricane, he said., "I didn't invest in @dropbox because I'd been using GDrive at Google since '04 and assumed would publicly launch any day. Whoops," Sacca tweeted. "In the end, my lesson learned again and again? Never count on a big company beating a startup. Never.", Obama, meanwhile, has raked in $147 million in contributions through April 30. That doesn't count millions in additional contributions to the Democratic National Committee, which is helping Obama's re-election. Republicans have pointed to Obama's powerful, incumbent fundraising advantage for why GOP super PACs — they have largely spent cash on pricey television ads — are necessary to provide balance in political discourse., "Are the roads going to be used again?" she asked. "Because the trees are going to keep growing. There will be a need to do firefighting and logging.", oWhat Veebow means, The players say they won't accept a hard cap. NHL players felt the same way until a labor dispute ate up the entire 2004-05 season. Hockey has never recovered in the United States, becoming the sport of Claude Rains -- "The Invisible Man" -- unless you have the Versus cable TV channel. NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman, Stern's former top lieutenant, not only led the bitter hockey fight, he returned with a hard cap and "cost security" on payrolls., He said he pointed his gun at Berntsen's head and pulled the trigger. He shot Boesei as she tried run away. Then as they lay on the ground, he shot them both twice in the head., Butler has been to the NCAA Tournament in five of the past six years and advanced past the first weekend three times in that span. The Bulldogs have seven consecutive 20-win seasons and have had a winning season in 18 of the past 19 years. SLU last played Butler in 2003., "My knees still hurt," Jackson said., And then Hall tweeted the worse news about five hours later., If the game goes to overtime, the Devils might have an added edge again. Despite being short-handed twice in the extra period on Thursday, New Jersey improved to 3-1 in overtime in these playoffs. Four of the Devils' past five games have gone beyond regulation, including wins over Florida in Games 6 and 7 of the first round., If you're in the market for fresh locally grown produce, ask questions before you buy. Some markets are for farmers only, and some include distributors, who may have "picked" the fruits and vegetables from a wholesaler. Farmers markets are also a good source of locally produced cheese, eggs, honey, meat and baked goods. It's best to arrive around opening time for hard-to-find produce., However, at its most recent bond meeting Oct. 13, officials were more forthcoming with details of specific bond-related costs, Tufts said. "Consequently, I have moved my planned vote on the bond from 'if no data then a no vote' to leaning yes," he said., "Thank God for my wading boots, as there unfortunately is broken glass as well. Every single back eddy had trash floating in it," he said. "(Crawford's) biggest piece was an x-large Styrofoam ice chest with the end smashed off. It's pretty obvious that McDonald's and Subway both offer what must be considered prime river-food as their packaging is mixed in at most places. The other thing is there are as many cans and bottles underwater as there are on the banks! The bottom of the river in sections off of premium shore access is literally covered with cans and bottles.", Mud Run will be hosting a hole-in-one contest held by the city of Akron. The contest will be held July 27-31; August 3-7; and August 10-12. The finals will be held on August 13. Contact 330-375-2728., The fire has brought them closer. But it all feels like a lot to handle while they are still compiling an ever-growing list of things they lost in the fire. The list stood at 24 pages recently, and it included items such as the 1957 Chevy that Jerry rebuilt himself., DeFazio said Cruz was stabbed in the abdomen and extremities at least three times., So where are the tourists on the streets below? To hear "insiders" at a forum titled "Greater Newark as a Destination" tell it, New Jersey’s largest city is on the cusp of becoming something of a mecca., High-flying fun: Young performers from local circus school Circus Harmony bring out their trapezes and high wires at their show "Grazioso," opening Saturday at City Museum. Showtimes are 2 and 7 p.m. Saturday, 2 p.m. Sunday., AgesandAges: "No Nostalgia", The trail statewide follows the route of the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad, commonly known as the Katy, which stopped operating in 1986., But the way Mondragon sees it, he doesn't necessarily have to win this year's race for it to be considered at least a partial success - and possibly enable him to take another crack at Munoz in the next election cycle., "There's a sense of relief that we've got a general manager in place, and I'm really excited about that," Fisher said. "Now I can go ahead and just finish up the staff.", Wilson 86%; 46 students, However, Roma leveled when Totti slotted home Miralem Pjanic's cross., Chainhalt suffered fatal gunshot wounds June 14, 2003, after she exited Arizona 51 in northeast Phoenix. She was driving three friends home from a party in Mesa around 2 a.m., The Plain Dealer reported in early April that an unidentified buyer had made a formal offer for the Acacia property, a Donald Ross-designed golf course near Beachwood Place mall and Legacy Village shopping center. A sale requires approval by two-thirds of the club's outstanding shares. Members say the club has dwindled to about 120 shareholders, each of whom holds four, eight or 16 shares., Looking slightly broader, Northeast Ohio has strong representation on the Lottery Commission, which is based in Cleveland, and on the Casino Control Commission., Still, Contador announced his presence, pushing the pace early, sprinting from the peloton well before the riders climbed Col du Galibier again, from the opposite side they ascended Thursday., Drama class offered at art center, But in the second half, Fowles and Snow looked like completely different players. They combined for 18 of the team's 32 points in the third quarter as the Sky (3-1) turned a five-point deficit into a 14-point lead., ROME — Italian rescue workers suspended operations today after a stricken cruise ship shifted slightly on the rocks near the Tuscan coast, creating deep concerns about the safety of divers and firefighters searching for the 22 people still missing., That’s when she found the Burning River Roller Girls., Jim Johnson, "Tonight I become the candidate of all the forces who want to turn one page and turn over another," Hollande told a crowd in Tulle in central France, according to the Associated Press., TRENTON — A judge yesterday ordered the city to reinstate two Water Works employees who say they were demoted, then suspended without pay in retaliation for providing evidence in a criminal case against Mayor Tony Mack’s half-brother, Stanley “Muscles” Davis., He misses it -- the high of performing, engaging with his audience and his own way of preparing for each gig., The body of Marc Kasanin, 46, a lifelong sailor and artist from Belvedere, Calif., was recovered soon after the accident. Four other sailors are missing and presumed dead. Three survivors, including the yacht's captain, were rescued by the Coast Guard, which has suspended search operations., New Jersey scientists have said there is a legacy of pollution downwind from Pennsylvania power plants such as the GenOn plant in Portland. Robert Laumbach, an assistant professor at the Environmental and Occupational Health Sciences Institute in Piscataway, said he’s seen cases of elevated mercury levels from eating seafood — because the mercury comes with evaporation and precipitation into water sources, where it enters the food chain and eventually ends up on people’s plates., He said he suddenly felt sick. His shoulder was hurting. He heard Michael O'Brien, international president of Transport Workers Union of America, on the news urging local members to return to work immediately. He said he feared losing his health benefits if he walked out. His mind raced, emotions took over., Since then, Senitzer has become somewhat of an accidental swarm catcher in her Maxwell Park neighborhood. She recently captured her third swarm in a neighbor's yard., Because there's no evidence showing that screening women in their 40s decreases mortality rates, the revised guidelines could reduce the risk of false-positive results that lead to unneeded breast biopsies, chemotherapy treatment and accompanying anxiety, the task force said., o"That's not any different than any other philanthropic contribution, as far as I can tell," FSU's Barron says., Accorsi, who communicates with Reese regularly via e-mail, said his successor never complained about the heat he was feeling. But the former GM knows it was there, and he knows it was made much more difficult with the Eagles stockpiling star free agents., That will not change tomorrow. That is something that is already important today. If there was fraud on our site today, or any other site, they would go out of business, and the same would be true after equity crowd-funding passes., Vote “no” if . . . you think public workers should retain the collective bargaining power given them in the current law. If you are concerned that public employers would recklessly cut services - Issue 2 opponents say claim there will be fewer safety forces on the job - with their new authority. If you consider of the changes listed above unacceptable., That said, the Wings have won one Stanley Cup in the last 10 years and been to the finals twice. They are one and done this time, nullified by Nashville last week, short of the conference finals for the third consecutive spring. That's not exactly Tiffany & Co. material., There's nothing wildly distinctive about the Pilates mat work. It's just your basic moves — the Pilates 100, roll-ups, single-leg stretches, etc. — demonstrated with several modifications, including a neck pillow, chair and different leg positions. The qi gong exercises may be a radical departure for some, as they incorporate hip-loosening movement with self-massage of legs, arms and back. The Pilates arm and leg segments are somewhat difficult if they're not modified but are interspersed with yoga stretches and forward bends to provide relief to back and muscles., He was treated and recovered. He says his doctors do not use the word "remission" with his form of cancer., Auto Racing-NASCAR Sprint Cup, Heluva Good! Sour Cream Dips, Noon (ESPN); Indy Racing League, IndyCar, MoveThatBlock.com Indy 225, 2:30 p.m. (ABC), West Coast Pinot Noir, Royal finally was tripped near the goal, splattered at the 1-yard line. The ball squirted loose when he hit the ground and bounced through the end zone. Seahawks coach Pete Carroll challenged on the basis of pure frustration, but the no-fumble call was upheld., Defensive coordinator Dave Steckel will take over for Pinkel, who is to have no involvement in the remaining game preparation for Texas Tech and is to be out until next Thursday., Paul’s campaign has also made the most contact with voters: 67% said they had heard from his campaign, followed by 61% who report being contacted by Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann and 47% contacted by Texas Gov. Rick Perry., Stephen, along with Parvaiz, "laughingly plotted" to kill the 27-year-old mother of 5- and 3-year-old boys and then pull a "Houdini act" to escape police, Prosecutor Robert Bianchi said Tuesday during the pair’s first appearance in Superior Court in Morristown. Noorani was shot in the chest Aug. 16 in front of her younger son on a Boonton street following a Ramadan family gathering., Operating under the theory that it is no crime for one patient to share medicine with another, all the marijuana — whether in the food or at the hash bar — is free. And unlike the marijuana cafes in Portland, there is no membership fee., The agreement "does not commit the United States to any specific troop levels or levels of funding in the future," said a senior Obama administration official who briefed reporters in return for anonymity. "It does, however, commit the United States to seek funding from Congress on an annual basis" for the Afghan army and police as well as civilian aid to Afghanistan's cash-strapped government., "If we just were able to use pre-K to get these kids to the level they should be at on the first day of kindergarten," he said of students of poverty, "that would be a great equalizer.", As recently as 15 years ago, few in this area seemed to know much about Isaac Mayo — not even those you'd think might be familiar with such a colorful character., Also planned are streetscape enhancements along Cold Spring Lane and Wyndhurst and Roland avenues, including curb bump-outs, and special crosswalk paving to slow traffic, especially at street corners where children cross on their way to school., A donor receives patient updates after 30, 60 and 90 days, and at the one-year mark -- or sooner, if the patient dies. As of last week, Weyn had not received any information., Senate Minority Leader Tom Kean, Jr. (R-Union) and state Sen. Gerald Cardinale (R-Bergen), a Judiciary Committee member, said the disclosure was a violation of Senate rules., Saturday: at Indiana, 4 p.m., Most of the contamination is trichloroethene, more commonly called TCE, which is a solvent. But there are more contaminants that were generated by the plant in the soil and groundwater such as toluene, acetone, methanol, cobalt nitrate, ammonium carbonate, perchloric acid and oil., But guess what? You start to like it. Decades later it does not make you any less of a beer-loving man. You can slug down a double IPA while you listen to the longing strains of "So Far Away" or "It's Too Late," and you can chalk it up to your "diverse interests" or the "balance" you have achieved in your life., Traffic accident—unknown injuries. Crown Valley Parkway and Nueva Vista Drive. An apparently unoccupied minivan was on a road's center divider, its engine smoking, officials said. 12:14 a.m. April 25., An appeal for a public show of support for the church Sunday even had some of the trappings of Putin government rhetoric, warning of dark forces intent on bringing down the country's oldest institution., Rubin repositioned the entry, eliminated an interior wall between the dining and living rooms and added a master suite. All the while, the aesthetic of clean, open, simple horizontal lines, lots of natural light and flat-roof construction was maintained., "We thought something was up," said Holmes, of Livingston, Texas, who's on an RV tour of the country. "He seemed like he would have been a good candidate.", "Now we've got a bus which is half an hour late," she said, "and we don't even know if we're getting on that.", In response to the mortgage foreclosure crisis, Congress in 2010 outlawed certain features of subprime loans, including prepayment penalties., In each of three Iowa campaign stops over two days, Perry took about a half dozen questions from voters, and none from reporters. None of the questioners mentioned Mormonism or asked overtly religious questions., The 21-song set was jammed with strutting rockers ("Cowboy Casanova"), breezy country-pop tunes ("All American Girl") and sweeping ballads ("Just a Dream"), nearly all of them demanding Underwood sing at the top of her range or with preternatural power, or both. She never faltered. Just two nights before, illness had caused her to postpone a concert in Auburn Hills, Mich. If she was still sick on Wednesday, she didn't let on., Broening and Lozada-Hissom took over the cooking duties at Spuntino in March. The result, a totally charming place to have supper. (Disclosure: Broening writes for this newspaper.), Contestants came from five of the seven continents, converging in the cold with their recipes and ingredients for an aperitif and long drink. They were also instructed for a "quick mix," where they were given ingredients only 10 minutes before the competition and told to be creative. The cocktails, judged not only on taste but also appearance and aroma, were based on a Finlandia Vodka or a Fusion., Weatherspoon looked at Alexander and they both laughed as loud as you could imagine while trading knowing head nods., "That's the tough part of this business," Elway said., The Blazers will not practice that day, however, because the team is scheduled to play it’s annual Fan Fest at the Rose Garden. McMillan said Aldridge would not play in the intra-squad scrimmage, regardless of the outcome of Thursday’s medical evaluation., That should be enough. Between surrogate attacks, super PAC ads and the extensive skeleton collection in Gingrich's closet, that should really be enough., The attorney representing Elizabeth, John Reilly, said today, "the city is reviewing the decision and we’re considering our options." He declined to comment further on the case., Don't forget -- there is ice cream for needy dogs riding on these picks. If Teddy the Pigskin Picking Pup ends the season with a winning record (or probably, at least close to one) the folks over at Frosty Paws promised to throw an ice cream party for the needy pups at Baltimore Animal Rescue and Care Shelter., “I never had a relationship with her like some people think,” he says. “I just wanted to pay homage to her amazing talent., I’m sure you’ve guessed by now I’m not just talking about a shedding cat and some random vacuum. You see, I want to believe this vacuum would give me control over my cat’s shedding. It’s a shiny, hair-free look into the apartment of what I want my life to reflect., But that doesn't mean that the vote isn't full of political meaning., The scheme was centered on a commercial appraisal company called V.A.S. Enterprises, which prosecutors claim was secretly controlled by Damiani. Russo awarded million of dollars in contracts to V.A.S. with the understanding that he would receive regular kickbacks., My fifth wish is that prosperity, happiness and joy be showered generously on all the good people of the Chicago metropolitan area this holiday season ... and, of course, for all the children of the world to join hands and sing in the spirit of harmony and peace., On a day when the broader market was down 2 percent, Key's shares closed at $7.34, up 38 cents or 5.5 percent. They're up about 30 percent since Jan. 1. Fifth Third's shares closed at $12.02, up 71 cents or 6.3 percent. They're up about 25 percent since Jan. 1., More than half of travelers will alter their summer travel plans – shorter trips or not leaving home at all – if gas prices continue to rise, according to a survey by U.S. Travel Association, a major industry trade organization, Planners don't envision one large "anchor" business to dominate the space, Sackett said. They hope to secure a combination of retailers that compliments what's already downtown and expand on it, he said. That could mean a bookstore, bakery, restaurants or extra office space, according to Nelson., “She died a couple of years ago, but we always had the best time,” she recalled. “That’s probably why I’m drawn to spend time with older people.”, For 23 desultory minutes in an overheating conference room, Gingrich took the 150 campaign workers and reporters present on a stream-of-consciousness tour of the Newtonian Mind. He spoke, in no particular order, of Capt. John Smith in 1607, mining asteroids, his novels about George Washington, Kaiser Wilhelm II, Ellis the Elephant, the Strait of Hormuz, Alzheimer's disease, Chinese bondholders, Todd Palin, electromagnetic pulses, radical Islamists, C-SPAN, his high school years, Nixon, Carter, Reagan (both Ronald and Michael), the civil service, the Civil War, autism, holograms, the Soviet Union, nanoscale science, the Federalist Papers and Herman Cain., "An insider is not going to do what Straub was doing," he said. 'The culture of IMPD still has to change.", Fuentes said the time police pilots fly the governor count as training time., Now that "Saw" has run its course, a new horror franchise steps in to spawn a sequel every Halloween. This third installment in the hush-hush series promises to be an origin tale - where did that demon come from, anyway? - and is rumored to be set in the 1980s. (R, 84 minutes), The measure, which was approved by the state Senate on Thursday, now moves to the desk of Gov. Chris Christie, who is expected to sign it tomorrow., I would love to have seen Scott try to stage that budget-signing inside a public high school., Romney wouldn't offer any hints as to when the months-long process would end., "I take no pleasure in publicly flogging our police chief. He's a good man," McCarty said., Still, I will admit that I was conflicted enough that I packed a clergy shirt and collar, just in case. Maybe not to wear to the Vatican, but maybe…well, somewhere else. When we were checking in at the airport the woman at the ticket counter asked if we were going to Rome for the Consistory. She had heard all about it on the news, and was excited to be meeting relatives of the Archbishop on the way to the big event., "It was really exciting watching it ," said Daisy Lee, 14, of Paterson, who came with her family to celebrate Father's Day with her dad Leo, a big fan of the sport who dreamed of being a pilot himself., "You don't get grant money just to keep the clinics open and pay the staff," Soenen said., Desserts aren't too sugary and are sometimes on the edge of savory. There's a fluffy baba au rhum with pistachio ice cream and a stunning orange sorbet. There's also a bar of rice pudding, just a few bites, really, with hot and cold kishu mandarin segments and another terrific sorbet, this one persimmon. Lovely mignardises include a bite of gentle cheesecake, warm pistachio madeleines, handmade chocolates., But for those who remain, the echoes are unlikely ever to fully fade., They are conversations that carry greater significance for those closest to him. It has been a rough few months for Skowron. After turning 80 in December, he collapsed at a ballpark in Arizona during spring training., Eaglecrest 55, Grandview 19, Kasich was correct that Obama had been to Ohio 12 previous times as president. One visit predated Kasich's candidacy. Only three were made during the gubernatorial race specifically to campaign for Ted Strickland and against Kasich., "He deserves something like this," Curtis Gamble said. "He deserves the love.", CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Chrysler's sales fell 9 percent, despite big gains in its more fuel-efficient cars thanks to the "cash for clunkers" government rebate program., "I looked up his name, and it unexpectedly means 'born in January,'" de la Torre said. "It's like it was meant to be.", THREAT, WEST 222ND STREET: March 29, a resident reported receiving a threatening text message. It was determined that the text was from a friend and sent as a joke., "It bothers me, because I've been doing this for 17 years and never heard anything bad about me." -- former cyclist George Hincapie a year ago after Floyd Landis claimed Hincapie used performance-enhancing drugs., "I consider myself to be part of a new generation of Democrats that are going to end up leading our party and county government itself," FitzGerald said. "I'm not some politician that was created by the machine. I've been independent my whole life, and I always will be.", Hundreds of demonstrators marched from a tent city on a grassy plot in downtown Boston to the Statehouse to call for an end of corporate influence of government., Sarkozy said he's being unfairly blamed for France's economic problems after years of crisis, and insisted he's not "the only guilty one.", Officials in Anaheim City School District said the school board will soon begin discussing the process of replacing Banda. The school board is next scheduled to meet May 21., We're not convinced that the OLCC's missions of selling alcohol and regulating the sale are necessarily incompatible. But the agency's 42 inspectors do seem to be stretched pretty thin, and that ought to provoke a question for the Oregon Legislature:, The kickball introduced her to an opposing player, Jeff Markwardt. They married in 2010., Freshman Chris Meece, 15, said he uses his netbook in every class. He said the laptop has improved his grades and made it easier to learn., The annual rate of inflation, which was ..., The highest of six bids for the work was $3.2 million., Saad made the Hawks out of training camp, playing only in two games after signing his three-year, entry-level deal. He went back to the Saginaw Spirit of the OHL and amassed 76 points in 44 games (1.73 points per game average)., "I am saddened to see differences, rather than our shared values, emphasized as we near election time. Unfortunately, some among us are also too easily forgetful that taking care of the homeless, the unemployed, the uninsured, and the elderly are our mutual concerns., "Blind people are getting cut but there's not one tax credit that's been reduced – in fact they're growing at 19 percent," said Sen. Jason Crowell, R-Cape Girardeau., Experts say that the so-called "Official English" or "English-Only" movements go back hundreds of years, though today's target Hispanics. Proponents have been much more successful at the local level than nationally. Today, 31 states have English as their official language., "Yet suddenly I hear a voice, "It's definitely hard, but at the end of the day, you know how to play basketball," Williams said. "I read the play, what it was, DeMarcus helped me out, and I just stripped the ball.", But the challenger, who has out-raised Stark in campaign contributions in three of the last four reporting periods, said the new rule is that, in California, "the House of Representatives does not take reservations. It's walk-in only.", The 38-year-old model likes to relax away from work by spending time with her nine-year-old daughter Lila Grace and they love cooking together., Just how long she and her father will be able to visit the park is questionable. St. Louis County Executive Charlie Dooley has targeted Lone Elk and 22 other county parks for closing as part of his 2012 budget proposal that looks to trim $10 million., There had been a horrible mix-up, Department of Public Safety officers told the families. Guerra was alive. It was Cantu who had been killed., Toby Erickson, Greco-Roman, 120 kg <U+0096> attends Northern Michigan, In fact, the most entertaining part of "The Hunger Games" is the first half, before the games begin, while Katniss and Peeta are being coached by a former winner (Woody Harrelson) or given fashion advice by an image consultant (Lenny Kravitz) or interviewed by an obsequious Piers Morgan-type (Stanley Tucci). The actors do a lot with their small roles, briefly cutting through the movie's off-putting vision of the future (think "The Fifth Element," only gaudier). Their performances are the only things in the film that don't feel processed and sterilized and safe. With this cautiously violent parable, Ross is so mindful of not upsetting his target audience (or earning the wrath of their parents) that he ends up patronizing them instead: This is the mildest, shallowest variation on "The Most Dangerous Game" ever filmed, with the worst closing shot ever to grace the first installment in an intended franchise., To fix software settings, see tinyurl.com/6r6jcvl or tinyurl.com/7gnad6f. To avoid the other barriers, send photos as attachments rather than inside the body of the e-mail. Attachments are more uniformly handled by different e-mail systems, and are less likely to trigger your security software., 3618 Whispering Woods Dr, $34,500, The driver of the Blazer was pronounced dead at the scene, according to police. His name was not being released this morning. The box truck driver was taken to an area hospital with non-life threatening injuries., Vegetarians are also well served at Taste of Punjab, with a range of vegetable curries and pulse dishes that showcase yellow lentils, black lentils and chick peas. The most exciting one I tasted was a bhindi masala ($9.50), mostly okra pods enlivened by fresh ginger, tomato and onion. Singh uses fresh ginger quite a bit, a bite unexpectedly lit up with a bright, spicy pop of it between your teeth — nice., Newcomers to the event, which started as a bluefish tournament, may attend one of four remaining captains meetings held from Solomons Island to Middle River before the tournament., But much like the Matt Damon character in the recent movie "We Bought a Zoo", Gretchen said of her husband of seven years, "His passion has a way of convincing you.", The 21st Annual Spring Fling event will take place on Saturday, April 28. The volunteer committee is wishing for a memorable evening where parents, faculty, staff and local alumnae will celebrate their school community. In addition to spectacular fare prepared by Jose Garces Catering of Philadelphia and Iron Chef fame, sultry desert rhythms will be provided by DJ Travesties Entertainment., It all added up to the Blazers' best performance of the series, but it nearly wasn't enough as Dallas got a huge game from reserve Jason Terry (29 points, seven assists), and another steady performance from star Dirk Nowitzki (25 points, nine rebounds). But this time, the heroes from Game 1 and 2 came back to Earth. Jason Kidd had more turnovers than three-pointers, and Peja Stojakovic was a quiet 3 for 7., Another Arizona resident said the middle class is carrying more of a tax burden while lower-income Americans get welfare assistance and upper-income Americans get tax advantages., Suspicious person/circumstances. 1:41 p.m. Sunday. 0 block of Mercantile Way. A caller reported three juveniles possibly smoking drugs in a silver Hyundai., A hopped-up town, Repeat winners receive an all-expenses-paid snorkeling expedition off the coast of Louisiana., 12. "60 Minutes," CBS, 10.01 million viewers, The entrepreneur is enshrined in American mythology as an opportunity-seeker who ditches a 9-to-5 job for the satisfaction of being one's own boss., We asked readers on Facebook to tell us who serves a good burger (excluding fast-food restaurants and national chains) and you responded with an overwhelming number of area eateries. We have put those selections into an online poll and are now asking you to determine whose burger is the best., But Superior Court Judge Glenn Berman said he wouldn't dismiss any jurors until he knows what they saw on TV., Matthew Morrison delivered two babies when he was in high school., Brown's responses to the Sun-Times candidate questionnaire were brief. He "strongly opposes" SB512 because it might result in reduced pension benefits for current state workers, and he advocates allowing the temporary income tax increase to expire in 2014. Among his top priorities for the 27th District and for the state, Brown lists the creation of new job opportunities and job training, improved education for district children and increasing non tax-based revenue sources. All admirable goals, but Brown has not provided details about how he would make any of these changes., “Kohei was a strong intellectual in his knowledge of building codes and everything technical,” said Randall Roberts, who succeeded him at the Portage building department., Your landlord must refund your excess security deposit and provide you with an accounting of how your security deposit was spent within 21 calendar days after you move. Make sure to give the landlord your forwarding address., "There's not a lot of, Valley Outreach, an agency that supplies food, clothing and emergency financial assistance to residents in the St. Croix Valley, has a new executive director., My third-grade teacher organized a secret Christmas gift exchange. On the big day, we sat in a circle to open our gifts in front of our classmates. The teacher instructed us to announce the name of the gift giver, who would stand and be roundly applauded., That's crucial because airlines depend on high-dollar business travelers to turn a profit. Most big carriers like Continental and United make little if any profit on coach travelers, though the dynamics are shifting with the addition of fees for baggage and seating., Melancon's announcement had been anticipated. For weeks, Vitter has been attacking Melancon in Internet ads and e-mails to supporters, casting the Democrat from Napoleonville as a supporter of President Barack Obama's health care plans, even though Melancon voted against the Democrat-backed health plan in a House committee., But Letts and Zoth ease our way with quick pacing and bursts of humor that keep piercing the story's tough shell, almost to the not-entirely-satisfying conclusion. Patrick Huber's effective set and lighting and Teresa Doggett's costumes put the good actors right in the world of the play., "It was so successful, and the women had so much fun that I decided to try it with my MS support group," she said., "I don't think a man who exited his vehicle after the 911 dispatcher told him to stay inside the car can claim self-defense," Carl McPhail, a 28-year-old Barry University law school student, said at the Sanford rally., Cooks are like musicians; there are those who read the sheet music and replicate it bar for bar, and then there are those who can riff and deviate to make a song their own. This is the kind of cook many of us want to be, the jazzman with a frying pan., After the firefighters spotted the indoor grow site, police recovered 38 marijuana plants and 192 grams of marijuana, police said., The agreement ends a 14-month-old patent-infringement dispute that came before the U.S. International Trade Commission, a federal overseer that can ban imports of devices made with contested technology., So he needs to be slower?, GARFIELD, N.J. - Gov. Chris Christie is applying public pressure on Assembly Democrats to agree to his tax cut plan., 2011 Honda Odyssey Touring Elite: Comfy for the family, but what about the driver?, The parents of an alleged gang member wanted in connection with the fatal shooting a man at a Circle K are accused of driving the suspect to Mexico, according to court documents released Thursday., Nissan displayed a concept version of its new Pathfinder at the 2012 North American International Auto Show on Monday., termination after an audit of the department by St. Louis County police found various instances of mismanagement, including allegations that the department mishandled 121 felony cases over the last several years., 5. Alton, 44.62, It has also saved him from having to spend money on advertising. His business is 99 percent repeat customers, with the rest trickling in through word of mouth, he said. Older winter visitors spread the word to newer retirees, ensuring continual business, he said., Overland 57, Prairie View 55, Any other pets? Sophie, 9, a terrier mix and Riley, 12, a Maltese or Lhasa apso mix, Jo. Catolico (Mt. Miguel) def. Roland (El Capitan) 4 and 3., No matter how old you are, good primary care is important. If you haven't seen your doctor for more than a year, make an appointment and help ensure long and healthy life., Irish Genealogy Seminar: 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Western Reserve Historical Society, 10825 East Blvd., Cleveland. "Discover Your Irish Roots," Richard Doherty, a professional genealogist, author and lecturer. $30. $5 for parking. Go to wrhs.org/index.php/library/genealogy to download registration form. E-mail Susan Bonko, sue6565@gmail.com, or Nancy Leinweber, nanbwl@juno.com, for more information., "There is not a one-size-fits-all approach," Murphy said., Since then, however, lawmakers have dragged their feet on giving up the cars — and on most other vital legislation., I have even lost accounts because I've asked customers to clean their yards before mowing and am wondering if seeing this in your column would help., Solomon declined to comment. Christie spokesman Michael Drewniak also had no comment., 641-B Camino de las Mares, (949) 661-7469 The Pirates! Band of Misfits 3D 4:00 7:20 9:50 The Hunger Games 12:25 3:45 7:00 10:15 The Raven 11:30 2:10 4:40 7:40 10:30 The Lucky One 12:20 2:50 5:20 7:50 10:20 The Five-Year Engagement 11:00 1:55 4:50 7:55 10:45 Chimpanzee 11:05 1:05 3:10 5:20 7:30 9:40 The Pirates! Band of Misfits 11:20 1:40 SANTA ANA, -- L.M., Bedford, Meyer, of course, is back in coaching at Ohio State and obviously has his recruiting mojo back. Since taking over the Buckeyes a couple of months ago, he, too, put together a top-five class and managed to flip top prospects from Michigan State, Penn State and Wisconsin., oOrigins story: When he isn't delivering classic addresses, our 16th president was hunting down Civil War-era bloodsuckers and their slave-owning allies., "The final decision was based on the severity of the delinquency and (our) many attempts at assistance," Bauwens said via email., "Last week, they sent a letter home with the kids saying that two of the classrooms had bedbugs," a mother of two students at School 22 said last week. "Now the kids are coming home saying the whole school is infested.", They left the big cheese and his front-office executives sitting in folding chairs on the third floor of the stadium. Paulson headed to his seat before kick, but on the way, said: "I'll tell you what, when those (expletive) come to our place they're going to be sitting in the stands.", Here is the 6'2” teenager on his wedding day, his 1970s tuxedo accented with a ruffled shirt, his hair a wild halo of curls., HRC President Joe Solmonese said Obama's "words will no doubt inspire thousands more conversations around kitchen tables and in church pews," promoting equality for gay couples., The first two people sickened ate fruit salad at a church function in Linn County. Their lab results sparked interest at Oregon Public Health: Both people were poisoned by Salmonella Panama, a relatively rare strain., I still believe the Rams aren't going anywhere. But I also believe that Kroenke isn't going to roll over like a puppy getting his belly rubbed. This is going to be a tough, grind-it-out negotiation that is going to be resolved (I think, I hope, I pray) with a lot of very smart people in a room from both the Rams organization and local officials coming to an agreement that meets the needs of everyone and keeps the National Football League in our town like it ought to be., "I needed to be able to put my credentials before people and tell my story," she said., He leaves after 39 years with no regrets., "I have the utmost respect for Judge Crowder ... and I have absolutely no doubt her intentions are pure," said Scott, of the Greensfelder Hemker & Gale law firm. "But clearly the timing of the donations gives a bad appearance.", After two straight losing records, including 8-22 in 2009-10, Dickerson was fired., The good news for Dodgers fans is that the new owners announced they are lowering parking prices from $15 to $10, a move reminiscent of what Arte Moreno did with beer when he bought the Angels., Amayrany Reyes ignored the yogurt but gobbled up her strawberries and nibbled her blueberry muffin. Then the bright-eyed third-grader, sporting a pink bow in her long braid, delivered the verdict on breakfast in her Los Angeles classroom., Some things have changed, of course. Gone are stables for guests' horses; the school, movie theater, billiard room and bowling alley that were once downstairs; and fox hunts that were staged in nearby barren hills. There have also been financial ups and downs. The Great Depression forced the hotel to close in 1933 and reopen 10 months later under the ownership of Bank of America before being sold again later, according to Anderson's book. The hotel was bought by the Brunei Investment Agency in 1987 and is now part of the agency's Dorchester Collection of luxury hotel properties., A heart-to-heart, But Hassinger said it may be five years if not longer before MoDot oversees major bridge and roadway construction., Harbor at Scotts Valley 4 p.m. Scotts Valley High, Place water in a large pot and bring to a boil. Add butter and salt. Remove from heat and add flour and cinnamon. Mix well. Add eggs and again mix thoroughly. Place in a bowl, cover and refrigerate until ready to fry., That means scoring runs. In their last nine conference games, the Beavers (28-14, 9-9 Pac-12) have scored a total of 15 earned runs., It expects fiscal 2013 revenue of $50 billion to $51 billion. That estimate falls slightly short of analyst predictions of $51.6 billion. Meanwhile, Best Buy expects revenue at stores open at least one year to fall 2 percent to 4 percent., Howard cited several instances where the Board of Commissioners had interfered in the development review and approval process and embroiled the county in lawsuits and costly settlements., This isn't anything new. Even when Thompson was in elementary school, a shadow of stardom followed him., “We need to have an independent Rutgers-Camden for all time,” Norcross said at a Rutgers-Camden alumni dinner. “I am the world’s biggest advocate for Rutgers.”, GOING BACK NEXT YEAR, Rao traveled to India several months ago to meet with the relatives and present them with money the public had donated to help ship the bodies back there. After those expenses were met, he was still able to give each family about $7,500, he said., Earlier this year, during a congressional hearing about a planned military buildup on Guam, Willard managed to maintain his composure as Rep. Hank Johnson, D-Ga., brought up an unusual concern., The documents said D’Alonzo, 53, of Lavallette, received $550,667 in unreported income in 2004; $797,450 in 2005; and $208,101 in 2006., "So I was still looking at it when I said, 'Wilt, I just wanted to apologize — I was picked as the starting center at the North-South High School Game two years ago in Kentucky, where they wouldn't let you play because you were a Negro. I stood in your place, and that was wrong, because you should have been there.', Instead of starting with pre-cut metal blanks, progressive presses use a continuous sheet of steel fed into one end of the machine. Much in the same way that paper rolls feed cash registers, the massive metal coils feed the presses., “Five years ago, it was over $20 million,” McClary said. “We are looking at unprecedented times financially.”, He also has a "significant long-term (methamphetamine) problem which makes him inherently unstable," federal court documents state. He "is facing a life sentence because the government has a very strong case against him.", Peacock Blue, And Monday night in Seattle, Fister came off the disabled list and threw seven shutout innings. With his return, all the questions about the starters from two weeks before had for now lifted, and the Tigers' rotation again looked like the foundational strength the club expects it to be. With Fister's game, each of the five starters had made a quality start in his most recent outing., Ohio Art Co., maker of the classic baby boomer toy, is sending a big box of Etch A Sketches to the presidential campaigns to say thanks for the publicity and a boost in sales., Shaker Square Cinemas will host a ladies night to celebrate the release of the movie "Sex and the City." And it's for a good cause., Thursday night: Showers and thunderstorms. Chance of rain is 80 percent., In the fall of 2009, the pair made four trips to Mexico to buy one or two kilos of heroin at a time, Bement said. At the peak of his business, Bement testified that his own income was about $17,000 a week and $67,000 a month. From that, he said, he paid Greenspan about $15,000 a month on his investment., Do you have battles out at the back yard goal?, That's something he worked closely with Scott to accomplish., American Spring Wire has joined domestic competitors in challenging Chinese imports. The makers of steel wire used in concrete are focusing on subsidies China has given producers there rather than on currency., Which is why we’re giving the last word to Emerald Bogue, Saltzman’s campaign manager., On either side of the stove are identical floor-to-ceiling cabinets, hiding a Sub-Zero refrigerator and a microwave/television/bar combo., Planned career: Would love to play ball; but if not, athletic training., AHEAD OF IPO: The move comes a week before Facebook Inc.'s expected initial public offering of stock. The offering could value Facebook at nearly $100 billion., -- Some resorts or hotels base their "regular" rate claim on their high-season price, even when the sale price is limited to off-season visits. That well may be the case in my example: The high-season price for a junior suite at the Caribbean property involved (in mid-February) is actually $306 per night. But November is the middle of the slowest quarter of the year for all Caribbean destinations, and just about everybody there is pushing very low off-season rates., But inspectors for the state board say it also isn't wise to assume that just because a salon is higher-priced or has an "exclusive" quality to it that proper sanitation is being practiced., The situation is eerily similar to what happened to Williams at Kansas in 1997. The Jayhawks brought a 34-1 record into the Sweet 16, but were handicapped by a wrist injury to shooting guard Jerod Haase and lost to Arizona., When it comes to main courses, Craft is strongest on meat, which is of the highest quality and expertly cooked. Think lamb is ho-hum? Try the Ellensburg roasted lamb sirloin, a deep, rosy pink and almost velvety in texture and served sliced off the bone (bone included, though) in its own juices. It's a superb cut of meat treated with great respect. A sampler of roasted and braised Niman Ranch pork with fat cranberry beans and pickled peppers features the pork loin, sumptuous pork belly and delightful pork cracklings. Every bite is different., Josefa Cisallina Mingo was hit by the eastbound NJ Transit bus around 6 a.m. near the intersection of Springfield Avenue and New Street, according to Acting Essex County Prosecutor Carolyn Murray., Ripley's strong performance is complemented by Asa Somers as Diana's patient, or perhaps depressed, husband, and by Emma Hunton as their neglected teenage daughter, Natalie. A talented musician and student, Natalie is the most sympathetic character in "Next to Normal," a girl trying to raise herself while her father cares for her mother and her mother is out of commission., The shift to cross country has been as close to seamless as possible. The junior opened his season – and his career – with a win at the Lutheran South Invitational at Jefferson Barracks. Last week, he ran 15:54 and was 14th in a high-powered and crowded 246-runner field at the Forest Park Cross Country Festival., "I believe that the actions that were adjudged by (Walker's) peers in the ICMA to be unethical are grounds for his termination," Crow said Monday., “When I think about doing something, the riot is still here,” Cha says, pointing to his head. “It's like building a castle in the sand – it can be blown away. Driving down the street, it doesn't look safe.”, The underground convention center will feature a ballroom beneath Mall C, which will not be raised more than 1 foot. But the space will be flexible, Appelbaum said, so it can be configured into meeting rooms, convention space or an additional ballroom., Goal: "I hope to become a primary care physician.", Obenauer cooperated with Internal Affairs and says she’s afraid he’ll try to get back at her., I thought we couldn't afford matching furniture or Hummel figurines, and that my mom was too tired to create those snow-scenes on the windows. But I grew up to realize that my mother had something better than money; she had taste. She painted and sketched and made clothes so beautiful that after her memorial service, one of my sister's friends wept as she told me about the elegance of the French seams my mother put inside a formal she'd sewn for her as a gift. Today, years after she's gone, my brother, sister and I have my mom's paintings on the walls of our homes., Red, white and blue Tigers hats by Miller Lite for first 10,000 fans 21 and older., Christie also proposed boosting aid to local school districts across the state by $120 million, bringing the total amount to $7.79 billion, records show. He will also increase financing for preschool by $14.6 million and school choice aid by $14.2 million., Haile declined a request to speak to Michele Cruz-Reyes, who has since changed her last name to Schmer., Q: Still involved in football?, Recipe from Elizabeth Karmel for the Associated Press., About 650 jobs will be lost when plants are closed in Amarillo, Texas; Garden City, Kansas; and Waterloo Iowa, company spokesman Rich Jochum said. The closures will take effect May 25. A plant in South Sioux City, Neb., will remain open but run at reduced capacity., 5 to 5-1/2 cups unbleached bread flour, But plentiful fishing could only last one, maybe two years, he said, before people drain the area's ponds, rivers and mostly reservoirs of their bounties. If there's little or no precipitation this year, bodies of water will dry up, and more fish will be concentrated in one area., Let's give Cameron some credit though. Maybe it was ingenuity, or maybe it was desperation, but either way, his decision to put Flacco in the shotgun and make him hustle the offense to the line of scrimmage changed everything about this game. It slowed Arizona's pass rush, it gave Flacco a boost of confidence, and raised the energy level of the entire offense., "The bottom is to fight,'' Thibodeau said., He got the agency to start making undercover purchases of synthetic drugs so he could test them. The subject didn't take on real urgency until early 2010, when agents in Chicago seized 1,000 grams of powder JWH-018, a psychoactive chemical often used to make synthetic pot. It was the first time officials saw more than a gram of the material show up anywhere, Berrier said., During the week, they’ve also eaten a cake they made using drills as hand blenders and done science projects., At 15, J.P. Viernes is the oldest. He was born in Half Moon Bay and has been with the show since November 2009. He's one of the most talkative., Playing a flawed person like that, Bening admits, is a tricky balancing act. “No matter how prickly the character is, you do still want (the audience) to be involved,” she says., Maysonet then hit the second pitch from Volstad into the second level in left field., The defendants fled in the stolen truck and were later spotted by Elizabeth police., "He's a game-changer.", Sweet Ride's Kuri said truck operators are left looking over their shoulder for police, even when parked legally. "You feel like you're dealing drugs in the alley," she said., You have to give Tom Silargorn credit for trying to elevate the beverage offerings at the new branch of his Lers Ros Thai restaurant., "This is a positive step to take a breath, and it appears that's what the state's doing, to review the project, understanding that the lawsuit has been filed and there's a good reason," said David Johnson, senior vice president of Lexington/Charles Limited Partnership, owners of an office building at 201 N. Charles St., A small group of foreclosure specialists, all of whom work at the same location, process a nominal number of foreclosures a day -- not 8,000 like the big banks. Comfortable with its processes and has no reason to change them or to suspend the foreclosures already filed with the courts., Dickey spoke of Reyes’ exuberant spirit, his personality. Manager Terry Collins said that Reyes came over to him and asked about David Wright’s injury., Erie is acting while a 12-person state task force explores jurisdictional issues and possible state regulatory tweaks in response to public concerns. State Attorney General John Suthers has said local officials can do inspections but no enforcement., But when it comes to the lottery, the Suns are due a turn of good fate., "She was a warm and very welcoming person. It was always a great place to go to have your spirits lifted and that's how I felt whenever I walked in there," said Shirley W. Hooper, a friend and customer for 50 years., As those studies look more closely at the hypothalamus, said Purnell, they also may perceive differences not picked up by his team's brain scans., Governments have ruled out increasing their financial commitments, but they acknowledge that with some €140 billion already going to Ireland, Portugal and Greece, the EFSF isn't big enough to both help recapitalize weak banks and keep big economies like Italy and Spain from being dragged into the crisis., Only the data bank's public use file, which removes names and other identifying information, is available to journalists and other members of the public., After giving birth in prison to her attacker's child, Gulnaz, who goes by a single name, was eventually pardoned, perhaps because news of her plight was reported by a documentary filmmaker. But to win her freedom, she had to agree to marry her rapist., The elevated grounds, perimetered by plumb pointed trap rock stone walls 15 feet in height, are seemingly maintained. Giant hedge bushels, planted ages ago in a centered convent court outlined above by roofed abbey walkways, are still finely sculpted and manicured. Old growth trees dating back to the early 1890s still forest and shroud the now-endangered architectural monument bounded by Central Avenue on the west, 13th Street on the south, Morris Street on the east and 14th and West streets on the north., The facility markets its Spanish-speaking staff and culturally appropriate food and activities, and relatives of residents said that emphasis is what attracts — and keeps — many residents at the nursing home., I hailed his departure from MSNBC in January of 2011 because I believed with him leaving that channel, and Glenn Beck leaving Fox News, cable news TV would be a far less polarized and toxic space. The marginalization that I predicted for both, was on the money. But what a silly, silly fool I was to think cable news would get any better just because two of its most vocal and dangerous voices on the right and left were gone from their mainstream podiums., Should the sides not come to an agreement, the contract will roll over., “If we get the commercial we need off Route 322, it will help with the taxes,” Maccarone said., St. Louis County Police Chief Tim Fitch said he has proposed combining the licensing programs for both jurisdictions at one location, with the city and county splitting fees evenly. Isom said he is receptive to the idea of combining forces., There are an assortment of floating festivities, including:, After an Indiana timeout, Hill hit a floater from the wing, but Davis again matched it on the Magic's next possession., On my food blog, I got to talking about the shortcomings of the stuff served at banquets. The wilted salads and the horrible chicken., If anything, Woods is still the best theater for mainstream sports fans., "Joymesia Howard picked up two fouls in the second quarter, and we sat her down because we didn't want her to pick up a third foul. We held on without her and we were able to ride it out., “It is mind-boggling to me that this is our justice system, where people that get in trouble and have problems can go barter and say whatever they want to say against people who are targeted.”, In its first incarnation, InFocus helped create the market for digital projectors, which became the ubiquitous companion of PowerPoint presentations in boardrooms and classrooms the world over., The 277-148 vote came the day after the Senate cleared the bill, 81-19., Once the plane had landed, a firefighter spotted the snake but authorities were not immediately able to catch it, Air Frontier official Michael Ellen said. A trap baited with a mouse failed to catch the snake by Thursday, and the plane remained grounded., In late 2009, as the Costa Mesa City Council chambers erupted in gleeful song over the council's decision to try and thwart the sale of the Fairgrounds, I suggested it may be the high-water mark in the council's popularity., <U+0095> Protect your clothes and hands. Wear gloves and a smock or towel to keep the chalk from getting on you while you're applying it. Chalk can flake off while it's in your hair, so it's a good idea not to wear light clothes., The Schnucks distributor, Vaughan Foods of Oklahoma, was not linked to any illnesses. Representatives for Vaughan Foods could not be reached for comment Tuesday., Summers' lawyer, Henry Miller Jr., said that he could not comment as he had not yet received all the evidence in the case. Moore's lawyer could not be reached Tuesday evening for comment., Shontelle Featuring Akon, "Stuck with Each Other": R&B up-and-comer from Barbados recruits everyone's go-to guest star for a tropical breeze of a tune., oNot so much for four of the top-10 players in the world - 2010 Wells Fargo champion Rory McIlroy (70) and the trio of Lee Westwood, Phil Mickelson and 2007 champ Tiger Woods, all who finished at 71. Mickelson, McIlroy and Woods are playing for the first time since the Masters. Woods made bogey on the first hole and struggled with his short game on the front nine before shooting 2-under 34 on the back., "You are truly amazing to me, because you are so natural every time you get up and sing," concluded Randy Jackson., While the vast majority of you were supportive of the sisters and furious with the bishops, there also were some who directed their fire at both the nuns and this columnist. Here's a sample:, Christopher Redondo, the man accused of killing Gilbert Police Lt. Eric Shuhandler, was wheeled into his video arraignment Wednesday on a stretcher, dressed in a hospital gown., - Sacha Chavez (Mic Club, Church Square Park Bench Open-Mic), Meanwhile, Mayor Antonia Ricigliano will deliver her first state of the township address at 7 p.m. at the town’s Pines Manor banquet hall., He also asked Alexander to include a signed, written certification that the company had completely complied. Kucinich's subcommittee does have subpoena power., Obama's spokesman has assailed Republican criticism that has attempted to blame a lack of presidential leadership for the scandal and has said Obama would be angry if the allegations proved to be true., This week’s World Match Play Championship, until Golf Channel/NBC got hold of it, held the promise and premise of being an attractive event. Sixty-four of the world’s best in hole-by-hole competition, a fun change-up from stroke play., Food trucks are planned, and Chicago food author and former Hideout bartender Martha Bayne is hoping to serve "the biggest breakfast in the world" on the morning of May 20 before demonstrators head from Grant Park to McCormick Place., It would have been a substantial blow to lose Aldridge for any length of time. In his fifth NBA season, Aldridge has become the focal point of the franchise after playing the best basketball of his career over the past six weeks., Friday, July 2, Meanwhile, Los Angeles Unified leaders last week moved to use value-added analysis in ways that do not require union agreement., We contemplated including the park's Japanese Tea Garden, which was built in 1894, but ultimately decided it was less notable for its food than its design and age. At Cinderella, which opened in 1953, there's history and good food to boot. Babushkas chat in Russian over handmade piroshki, borscht and pelmeni, as they have for decades and, we hope, will do for many more., Soccer motivated one mother to go job hunting because she knew that character was a factor in selection for the national team, which will go to the Homeless World Cup in Paris this year., It's obvious this rankles Kucinich. "My good friend," he says, with the slightest hint of condescension, "there are 125 Democrats who voted against the war in Iraq. I led that effort.", DHARMSALA, India -- The Dalai Lama said Thursday that he plans to relinquish his political role as head of the Tibetan government-in-exile to a new prime minister who will be chosen in elections March 20., "A true gardener is somebody who, when asked to choose between losing an arm and giving up gardening, he'll reply, 'Which arm?' " Tracy said. "Once gardening gets in your blood, you can't quit.", Golden Hammer time, Two defense psychiatrists who evaluated Neuman said he alternately confirmed and denied an illicit relationship with his former charge., "If you change the definition of the "thing," Blankenhorn said of marriage, "it is hard to imagine how it wouldn't have an impact on the 'thing.'", Last month, semi-nude photos of Suleman ran alongside a paid interview in a British publication -- a photo spread she defended in the tabloids, saying she wasn't ashamed of it., "It had to be a perfect throw," Young said., Credit Suisse economist Robert Prior-Wandesforde called the budget "a good old-fashioned tax-and-spending plan" and added, "sadly, but not unexpectedly, proposals for radical economic reform were largely notable by their absence.", Being a part of his eighth minor-league team — for the first time in management — and facing what could be long odds to make it go doesn't faze Armstrong. The son of a Canadian navy man, Armstrong played 17 seasons of pro hockey before retiring from the St. Louis Blues organization in 2010., Should win: Nobody released a better album last year than "Brothers" by the Black Keys. Unfortunately, it's not nominated in this category. Of the available options, my fave is "The Suburbs" by those darlings of indie rockdom, Arcade Fire., The company also agreed not to move consumers into new contracts when it replaces defective equipment and not to offer cash back if it intends to only offer credits., Planning for this transferral of wealth didn't just increase the foundation's endowment: It produced hundreds of millions of dollars of charitable donations for use around the state. The foundation has given $733 million to Oregon charities and nonprofits in its history, with $707 million of that coming during Chaillé's tenure as president., We did this to ourselves. Our state representatives, by a margin of one vote in the state Senate, voted with Gov. Chris Christie to sell out our state., 22920 Woodward, Ferndale, Michigan currently exempts all Social Security and public pension benefits from income taxes, as well as up to $45,120 a year for a single return and $90,240 on a joint return in private retirement and pension benefits. The cap increases annually with inflation. Those generous tax breaks cost the state nearly $1 billion a year in lost revenue., Booze: Beer, wine, premium liquor. Most drinks are $9-$13., "The market is ripe and the financing is available for apartments," said Howard S. Brown, a partner in OneWest and chairman and president of Owings Mills-based David S. Brown Enterprises Ltd., which is managing the development., Schumer sent a letter to Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer asking her to testify. Specifically, he asked her to comment on whether the law is still necessary, given $600 million in enhancements to border security that he helped pass. Brewer declined., But in a year marked with irreverence by Bynum, who never quite apologized for that silly three-point shot last month at Golden State and was subsequently fined by the team, he said the right things Sunday about giants of past generations., Nua, the chic wine bar in North Beach, also has a new toque; the food's still good but doesn't quite hit the heights it did when I reviewed it. Cav, too, has a new chef, and the cooking is just as good, including what I think may be the best charcuterie plate in the city. However, I didn't include it in my list, because the wine bar/restaurant is actually a couple of years old., Also, new federal regulations require employees to verify workers' Social Security documentation. That has proved especially disruptive to businesses in the garment industry. Los Angeles clothing maker American Apparel Inc., for example, said in July that 1,600 of its employees were not authorized to work in the U.S., Return the skillet to moderate heat and add the remaining 1 teaspoon vegetable oil and 2 teaspoons of the sesame oil. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute, then add the kimchi. Cook, stirring, until it is hot, then add the rice. Cook, stirring and breaking up the rice clumps with a wooden spoon, until the rice is hot throughout. Taste for salt. Add the green onion and the remaining 2 teaspoons sesame oil and stir just to blend. Remove from the heat and gently stir in the cooked egg. Serve immediately, topping each portion with some of the fried shallots, if using., Claire Danes, Homeland, Bryant made 15 of 29 shots and was six of seven from the free-throw line., Former Oakland Police Officer Hector Jimenez shot 27-year-old Woodfox in the back on July 25, 2008, as he ran from his car after being pulled over for suspicion of drunken driving., By the way..., Now Mitt Romney is trying out some new gas warfare lines of attack against President Barack Obama., Madi Tominello, Taylor Schnorr, Kaylyn Smith, Meagan Watson and Haley Fisher each scored two goals and Palmer Ridge outshot Thomas Jefferson 25-0., Grand Blanc, “Can I have 14?’’ he joked after the scrimmage., Atlantic County Prosecutor Ted Housel said 25-year-old Luis Martinez was being held in the county jail on $250,000 bail. Martinez was facing two counts of aggravated assault, and Housel said more charges could be filed., Shoun said 90 percent of all jobs in the future would require education beyond high school, but only 26 percent of the population has four-year degrees. Shoun said 75 percent of the economy is based on blue-collar workers., O'Leary said he felt Godfrey was sufficiently embarrassed by the experience and the quarterback will not face any further punishment., Grading systems inevitably include some criteria while excluding others, and require that choices be made about how to weight those that are included., The 58-day movie shoot went well, said aquarium CEO David Yates., Citing the ongoing investigation, the sheriff's office is not releasing further details about the incident, which is being investigated by the Washington County Major Crimes Team. After its investigation, the sheriff's office will conduct its own standard administrative investigation into the incident., That eventually resulted in a 1-0 lead at 8:32 when defenseman Keith Yandle found center Antoine Vermette driving to the net and Vermette redirected Yandle's pass past Rinne., The club has a couple of its top players heading into restricted free agency this summer (Oshie, Perron, Stewart) and more the following summer (Pietrangelo, Shattenkirk, Berglund, Russell). So Armstrong won't spend willy nilly at the expense of not being able to re-sign some of those players., The first day of the next signing period is April 11. Calipari already has what most rate as the No. 2 recruiting class in the country behind Arizona. Kentucky easily then could leapfrog Arizona with a commitment from Noel, the No. 1 prospect in the nation., Tonic to taste, or glow preference, The quality of evaluations appears to vary dramatically in the district's nearly 1,000 schools. Some principals say it's hard to find the time to get into classrooms. Others, like Sonia Miller of Samuel Gompers Middle School in the Broadway-Manchester neighborhood west of Watts, make evaluations a priority., THE ROUTINE: "I bolt the door to the room, and if there's an adjoining room, I check the door to make sure that room is locked. I cannot tell you how many times people have walked in on me. I also look in the shower, sink and tiles for dirty grout. I can't get in a shower with dirty grout, not even in my own house. It freaks me out. Then I open up the ironing board, I make sure it's functional, I look to see that there's no water in the iron and I put it in a corner of my room so it's ready to use. And then I unpack. ... I have a plastic liner from the drycleaners and I put that in the drawer first.", That drought ended Thursday night, when he gave up three runs in 6 1/3 innings. Masterson is now 1-2 with a 5.20 ERA. The Indians won two of three games in their series in Chicago, and they return home in first place in the American League Central with a 13-10 record., The grave-digger says it’s all about the movie. The farmers' market manager says it’s about technology. And the model-ship-builder is sure it’s really about people., He is accused of the kind of crime that makes people shiver, the killing of families in their homes under cover of night, the butchery of defenseless children. Americans usually would dismiss such an act as worthy of only one response: swift and merciless punishment., Hydorn said it herself last year, around the time of the FBI raid. About how she wanted to aid those wishing to make a graceful exit. About how she wanted to help others avoid the pain she had witnessed in her own life., A search warrant obtained by The Daily Herald says her hands were tied with duct tape and a bloody pillow was wrapped around her head., Real deal: The simply prepared grilled peanut butter sandwich or the hummus and veggie sandwich run just $4., Article 1, Section 2 of the U.S. Constitution requires the government to count U.S. residents every 10 years and deliver the results to the President by the end of the census year., The roles are reversed this year, as well, with you being the fan favorite and Bryan being the villain. What's that transition been like for you, and what do you think it will add to the rematch this year?, Mack disputed the number of open mortgages on the rental property but could not explain why they were listed as still open., I think he knew I was growing up with a single mom and could use a little guidance now and then, and he showed similar interest in other students. He persuaded me to take money I earned commercial fishing one summer in Alaska to spend another summer with him and a group of students studying abroad at the University of Wales in Bangor., Since the late-1960s, conceptual and visual artists have embraced the book as a means to make their work accessible and affordable to a larger population. The question for artists is what form can they adapt and still call the result a book. The works on display challenge the very idea of what a book is., A 35-year-old Parkville woman has been charged with three counts of insurance fraud stemming from allegations that she filed three fraudulent claims and was paid a total of $21,563, the office of the Maryland attorney general said Thursday., With less than a minute to go, after misses by Pierce and Horford, Pierce was inexplicably left open for a 3-pointer. He swished it, pulling the Celtics within a point. They wouldn't get another, even with a couple of chances., Instead of a possible life sentence, he will serve 20 years. His younger brother, Lamar, 20, who is charged with first degree murder for shooting Leonard, has yet to come before Judge Mark Fleming in the case., He threw 216 innings last season. He only pitched 19 innings with three-run lead or bigger. In those games, he was 5-0. That many nights on the tightrope can cause some high anxiety. Surely, Masterson felt it. He just rarely if ever showed it., SMALL SCHOOLS ARE BIG IN COACHES VS. CANCER, Now that I've left the party, maybe David Brooks will gush over me in The New York Times. New polling shows Fletcher surging to within striking distance of Carl DeMaio. After today's game changer, my popularity may soar to second-place among U-T columnists., Scully said Sunday he was now in good health, if still somewhat weakened by antibiotics. Scully might have returned earlier, but said with the cold weather doctors were concerned he could have a relapse, or in a weakened condition, pick up something else., "The flavor and consistency was nice and creamy. It had only 60 calories and very few carbs or fat - or protein or anything for that matter," she said., <U+25C6> Oh, how sweet it is when a 15 beats a 2!, Instead, it only presaged the beginning of a quickening personal spiral that, in just half a dozen years, would leave her dead at 36., Recology Oregon will then sort the food scrap and compost bins, and deliver them to another subsidiary, Nature's Needs in North Plains., With Marian Hossa sidelined with an upper-body injury suffered in Game 3 on a hit from the Coyotes' Raffi Torres, the trio of Toews, Kane and Sharp combined for one assist (by Toews) and six shots on goal during the Hawks' 3-2 overtime loss in Game 4 on Thursday night. For the series, those three core players have two goals and six assists., 5. Be nice, The change might save $11,500 a year, officials estimated., "You would not have passed anything if not for Aerotropolis," said Jeff Rainford, Slay's chief of staff. "It would have just been gridlock.", "It's going to have an NCAA Tournament feel, is what I hear," first-year MU coach Frank Haith said., The accident occurred just before 4 a.m. on Route 46 in Clifton., Walesa, 68, got his start as a labor organizer in Poland and led the push for democracy in the former communist nation. He became president of Poland from 1990-95., If he didn't know he could make it through, that sounds like there was a "question" in his mind. And if so, shouldn't Jacobs have been listed as "questionable?" Sounds like a good question to me., Let me just say that teachers work hard and put in long hours. During the school year most teachers put in a 50- or 60-hour work week. We take classes in the evenings and during the summer. We are always there to help your children. We are trying our best under the circumstances we are given. e are not the enemy., Board president Mary Ann Bitzer, who was the only board member to vote against the decreased levy, said she was disappointed that the district will be operating on such a bare-bones budget., That’s a good thing for the folks responsible for The Rock’s makeover. It has been a busy week heading into this transition. It started last Thursday when the Nets played a game. Friday, the Devils took to the ice. Saturday, mixed-martial arts professionals pummeled each other in a UFC bout. Sunday, professional actors pretended to pummel each other in a WWE wrestling match. Monday night, the Nets lost to the Pacers and preparations for The Big Dance began., “He’s been working, he’s been getting some shots up,” McMillan said. “But we’ll talk to him (Wednesday) when we get back.”, The flying car is back, I mused aloud, cruising the Internet at low altitude., Still, insurers have reason to be nervous about the law as it exists now., After-school clubs, such as popular robotics programs, have been a major source of science experiences for state students and a good way for business to get involved with boosting science education, Renfro said., Nearly three-quarters of the districts blamed state aid cuts of $820 million in this year's austere budget for the reductions, the survey found. Districts also cited student enrollment declines, defeated budgets and long-term financial planning., Topping the list of senior returnees for the Hawks, who opened the season with a 3-2 loss to Kirkwood and a 2-1 win over Trinity, is forward/midfielder Ryan Sanfilippo who led the team's offense last year with 12 goals and six assists., <U+0095>BEST BET: This might be the year that the eastern part of the state outshines the central part when it comes to waterfowl hunting. Quivira and Cheyenne Bottoms, two large and nationally known wetlands in central Kansas, typically attract hundreds of thousands of ducks and geese in the fall. But with both of those areas hurting for water, Marais des Cygnes may produce the best hunting this fall., "There are still a lot of logistics up in the air, but we will do everything we can to make this a quality NFL game for the Vikings and Giants," Lions President Tom Lewand said., A local community leader told The Star-Ledger Monday that Houston's funeral would be held Friday at the Prudential Center, possibly in a ceremony similar to that of Michael Jackson. It appears family members changed that plan late last night., Louisville, 37.9, At the bottom of this story, you will find a form to add your own. (Read the original story and previous sets of reader recollections at ORne.ws/i-apologize.), The goal was Carlson's first of the playoffs, and it breathed life into the home crowd. The fans were moved to the edge of their seats minutes later when the Capitals broke out on a 3-on-1 rush, but Lundqvist came out to stop Laich in close for the biggest save top that point in the game., "The schools are protective of their reputation, and if it is that, it is terrible that they are pursuing only the school sanctions," he said., Council member Steve Stenger has said that Lee visited the councilman shortly before the meeting to remind him that Pinnacle's newest casino in South County was "the largest investment your district has ever seen, " and to urge a no vote on the proposal for North County., They were facing elimination the following week against the Jets and Rex Ryan, but the Giants won 29-14., Getting healthy, The original Titanic was commissioned by White Star Line and was the largest liner in the world at about 882.6 feet long and 175 feet high, and weighing about 46,000 tons, Mr. Palmer said. It sank after hitting an iceberg April 15, 1912, in one of the world's deadliest peacetime maritime disasters, costing the lives of 1,514 passengers and crew., Palmisano, who turned 60 this year, has been CEO for nearly a decade. He will stay on as chairman. Virginia "Ginni" Rometty, 54, is in charge of IBM's sales and marketing, and has long been whispered about by industry watchers as Palmisano's likely heir., Jay Weinberg came out to play drums. House lights turned on. Crowd goes nuts., Stony Creek Roadhouse: Paul Nagel, 6 p.m. Thu. 3000 Twenty-Six Mile, Shelby Twp. 586-781-9108., Other entrees reveal execution problems. The accompaniment to a flat-iron steak ($21) -- broccoli raab -- was undercooked and horribly bitter. The salmon ($24) with beurre blanc, cauliflower puree and sliced pears came with overcooked heirloom carrots. The farro risotto ($16) with brussels sprouts and chanterelles was too rich, with a cloyingly sweet jus that overpowered the hearty grains., In January, Fed officials had projected unemployment at 8.2% to 8.5% in the fourth quarter. The improved outlook of 7.8% to 8% incorporates a sharp drop in unemployment since last summer when it was 9.1%., DeWine, 63, meanwhile, focused on Cordray's handling of the state crime lab, saying that DNA and other types of evidence take too long to process and he could do a better job, Marshall has reported., "This joint venture brings together two leading brands in the egg business that are known for providing retail customers and consumers with products of the highest quality," Land O'Lakes Chief Executive Chris Policinski said in a news release., Your remembrances may be selected to appear in The Plain Dealer., China agreed to make changes to boost domestic consumption, harness profits from state-owned firms to boost social spending and slightly open the Chinese economy to additional competition, though none of the commitments are binding on Beijing. The U.S. said it would move more promptly in working out rules governing export of high-tech goods, so long as they are used for non-military purposes., THURSDAY, FEB. 10, — Mark Bittman, journalist and author, New York, "It's not that hard, but you have to try to stay in the middle of the flower," says Ursula Murker of Torrance as she assembles red, white and pink blooms in a class at the hotel. "It's very fragrant, and it's fun to do," she adds. "But you have to try not to poke your finger!", Hands on: 40 minutes, Several studies indicate couples in marital therapy dealing with infidelity were just as successful as couples for whom no cheating was involved, says Jay Lebow, psychologist and clinical professor at the Family Institute at Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill., who published a review of couples-therapy research in the January 2012 issue of the Journal of Marital and Family Therapy., The depth of flavor from the Guinness marinade is enhanced by a touch of rich herb and garlic cheese that melts on the hot steak and onions. Freeze the cheese to make it easier to shave just enough on the top of the grilled steak and onions. This prevents too much cheese from being layered on when spreading the soft cheese., And now, it was been joined by a second entertaining and informative sudsy history of the Baltimore brewing scene, "Baltimore Beer: A Satisfying History of Charm City Brewing," which resulted from a collaboration of two former Baltimore Sun staffers, columnist Rob Kasper and photographer Jim Burger, and was published several weeks ago., a–struck out for Hanson in the 6th. b–popped out for A.J.Burnett in the 7th. LOB_Pittsburgh 6, Atlanta 9. 2B_Uggla (3). RBIs_G.Jones (7), Prado (12), Uggla 2 (13), C.Jones 2 (12), Pastornicky (5). SB_McCutchen (5), Heyward (7). CS_Presley (3). S_A.J.Burnett, Hanson. Runners left in scoring position_Pittsburgh 2 (Barmes, Barajas); Atlanta 3 (McCann, Uggla 2). RISP_Pittsburgh 2 for 5; Atlanta 4 for 9. Runners moved up_Walker, Bourn, McCann. GIDP_Barajas. DP_Atlanta 2 (Uggla, Freeman), (C.Jones, Freeman)., So, you've made it. First, let me offer my congratulations and applaud you for your perseverance., May 19: Open Garden Day in West Floral Park, North Santa Ana features 10 beautiful gardens including the award-winning umbrella garden, the must-see gardening large in a small space, "gardening on a budget" yard, entertainment spaces, antique yard art canvas and intimate relaxation retreats. Event will also feature Garden Bazaar with unique artisan items for sale.10 a.m. to 4 p.m. $15. Tickets can be ordered online at westfloralpark.com or day of the event at 902 Riviera Drive, Santa Ana. Special discount for groups of 10 or more. 714-836-9777, Gilbert might've wanted to keep Brown. But he needed to keep James. And so a change was made., A high-ranking Army general won't be formally reprimanded after urging troops to lobby to keep the ban on openly gay military service., “I want to be somebody in this league,” Batum said. “Not just on this team. I want to be recognized as one of the best defenders in the league.”, April 22 — STP 400, Kansas City, Kan. (Denny Hamlin), As proteins slip over to a supporting role, Lightner plans to highlight not just seasonal vegetables but also a bounty of botanicals -- running the life cycle from seeds to shoots, leaves to blossoms. Instead of the more familiar appetizer/entree/side order structure, expect a single list of 15 or so moderately sized plates fully composed with side components, around $10-$25 each, plus a half-dozen desserts., Olegario Villegas, 30, and Crystle Roksa, 27, are accused of shoplifting their way across the Valley, hitting eight cities and conducting 18 separate shopliftings over two months. Police arrested the couple at Walmart at 12900 W. Thunderbird Road, where officers said they were trying to steal video games and, perhaps, a Nintendo Wii game system. They were arrested on suspicion of burglary., It rained so hard, for so long on Monday, that I was afraid to buy a hot dog at halftime because someone once told me you shouldn't go swimming for 45 minutes after eating. The score at half was 0-0, and I have to say had the two teams simply played out a scoreless second half, everyone would have gone home perfectly joyful to have been a part of something bigger than themselves for a few hours., Warden Kevin McDonough remembered one of Walters' faux pas in the early days. Inmates always are asking for things -- books, magazines, whatever -- that many of us would take for granted. But in jail, some of those ordinary trappings are considered contraband., Q. Who or what influenced you to become an economist?, Instructions: Start bringing 1 1/2 quarts of salted water to a boil in a large saucepan. Prepare a bowl of ice water., Disney is the leader when it comes to promoting and branding its characters. Just wait until the Marvel universe has access to the Disney marketing. Being part of a multi-billion-dollar conglomerate is helpful to the bottom line. If the comic division were to have a bad year, the deep pockets of Disney would keep it afloat. Oh, and did we say $4 billion in cash and stock?, The documents provide a fuller picture of the NYPD's unapologetic approach to protecting the city from terrorism. Eisenstein said he believes that at least one document, the summary of statements about the Danish cartoons, showed that the NYPD is not following a court order that prohibits police from compiling records on people who are simply exercising their First Amendment rights., Tom Coughlin said Eli Manning didn't finish today's practice because of a stomach illness, though he isn't concerned. The Giants listed him as a limited participant in the session., Later, when another employee called Dimora back to say that Kleem's company, Blaze Construction Co., would remain the second-lowest bidder, Dimora told the employee to talk directly to Kleem "to make sure we're talking apples to apples" and handed his cell phone to Kleem., While saying Italy's recent austerity measures improved its standing, "the initially hesitant response by the Italian government to the spread of contagion has also eroded market confidence in its capacity to effectively navigate Italy through the Eurozone crisis," Fitch said., "And every one of those trials is an opportunity to grow and learn more about ourselves, and the more we understand that, the more we say, ‘Where’s our next experience?’ and we look forward to each day.", impossibly blue sky. Look around at the flat-roofed buildings that blend into the reddish-brown earth. Beauty is all around. Even the desert scrub is transformed into something remarkable by the bright light and clear air of the 7,000-foot elevation., Ineson said it is only the presence of oils and gases such as propane, butane and ethane in some shale formations that has allowed developers such as Chesapeake Energy to continue drilling wells in certain shales despite tumbling natural gas prices. The gas that comes from wells in these shales is called wet gas because of the oils., Mama's Stuff, Matt Taracko was trying to feel the base of the seatbelts when he reached his hand down either side of the passenger seat of the Jeep Wrangler on display Wednesday at the North American International Auto Show's Industry Days., Noon At a news briefing, Multnomah County sheriff's Capt. Mike Shults reads a statement from Kyron Horman's immediate family: "Kyron's family would like to thank people for support and interest in finding their son. The outpouring of support and continued effort strengthens their hope. We need for folks to continue to assist us in our goal. Please search your properties -- cars, out buildings, sheds, etc. Also check with neighbors and friends who may be on vacation or may need in assistance in searching. There are a lot of resources here to help you search, so please don't stop. It is obviously a difficult time and they want to speak to the public so you can hear it from Kyron's family as they come together to share their message. Their objective is to keep the focus on Kyron and not about anything else.", TRICKY TRAY, The fire was so hot, that it burned the outside of a single-family residence about five feet to the north, Tyler said., Drinking away your culinary sorrows at Chug Pub in the Outer Sunset., As for why the protesters have yet to turn the conversation into major action, some political observers said the movement has never really clarified its policy objectives and is hampered by a lack of clear-cut leadership., A portion of the state's share of a settlement with mortgage lenders over foreclosure practices will be retained to offset future revenue shortfalls or unanticipated spending., The other honorees are newly-elected Jersey City Councilwoman Kalimah Ahmad; Jersey City Medical Center Nurse of the Year Marissa Fisher; Jersey City Director of Public Works Rodney Hadley; Hamilton Park Neighborhood Association Vice President Jan Nordland; local event planner and loyal Bar Majestic customer Matt Olivas; Jersey City Fire Chief Darren Rivers; New City Kids Executive Director and Pastor Trevor Rubingh, and Hudson County Sheriff Frank X. Schillari., The global airplane manufacturer's growth has benefited companies like Charlotte, N.C.-based Goodrich Corp., which makes aircraft components. Its sales to large aircraft makers jumped 27 percent in the first quarter., 1 onion, thinly sliced, Powdered sugar as needed, "The tour does it a little differently every year," San Jose Mayor Chuck Reed said. "I'm happy to have a start in San Jose.", Nicolas Batum led the Blazers with 22 points, and Wallace, sporting his headband again, finished with 14 points and 10 rebounds., - The worst time to be heading eastbound on Highway 40 is between 7:15 and 8 a.m., with traffic beginning to slow down at 7 a.m., Now, here’s where it got slightly ridiculous: Rolle said while he was with the Cardinals under Ken Whisenhunt “we had fun when we won and we had fun when we lost.” (On a somewhat related note, Phillips later said about the Giants’ fans, “I mean they’re great but at the same time, like you said, they can definitely be nasty. … But if you’re out there making plays they’re going to cheer for you they’re going to stand behind you. You just gotta give them something to cheer about and we didn’t do that this year.”), Director, Pos. 5 - 4 Yr. Term Warren Kitchen 03/04/2011 Fee, Salazar spoke Monday night during the State of the Rockies Project conference at Colorado College in Colorado Springs, where students have been studying how to preserve the Colorado River basin., To get the strain out of the relationship will take concessions from both sides (aptly), but I suspect your contribution will solve it. That's because your part is to dismantle your bias and see him as your equal, no qualifiers. Can you do it?, The critics have also wondered aloud - from radio and television sports shows to newspaper columns and even Monday-morning-quarterback perches - whether Tim Tebow has the right stuff to be an NFL quarterback. And though not always a Tebow believer, I've been born again by a young QB who continues somehow to find a way to win., Learning new words adds gray matter, as a matter of fact. (Your brain doesn't have to shrink with age.) And adults actually are better at learning new languages than kids, if you can put aside linguistic habits (the brain gets trained to ignore sounds that it doesn't need for comprehension) and embrace the nonsensical. That's how kids learn; they associate sounds with objects, then recognize sounds and words as labels, then link words with meaning. So to learn a new language, whether it's with a class or through audio tapes, remember these tips:, Jackson Avenue, 12:26 p.m. Monday A female reported being beat up by people who poured alcohol on her and tried to set her on fire., But will that really happen?, Nutrition and Horticulture, We are so fortunate to have Cuyahoga Arts and Culture, which provides operating and special project support to large and small arts organizations throughout our county. Many people don't realize the impact that it has had on the arts community over the last several years., Memphis wins because of big-man depth and ravenous pressure. The Grizzlies lead the NBA in forcing turnovers, scoring off turnovers, and steals. But the Clippers suffered fewer turnovers than any NBA team except Philadelphia., "The site's industrial buildings are not suited to developing the kind of state-of-the-art, patient-centered facility needed for SLUCare," said university spokesman Clayton Berry. "That being said, the university is - as part of its planning process - looking at which site features could possibly be preserved, including the tall smokestack and the facade of the building at Grand and Chouteau.", MacMurray said by e-mail that she did not regard Korsmo's letter as taking action against the Navy Veterans. "It is quite obvious (Korsmo) is in a fact gathering mode. The chapter has always operated lawfully in New Mexico and will continue to do so.'', U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan Barbara McQuade said Michigan has four of the most violent communities in America <U+0097> Detroit, Pontiac, Flint and Saginaw., Job Requirements and Benefits, McGregor is fine as the writer, although frankly he projects a bit too much handsome confidence. Then again, part of the hack’s problem is that he thinks he knows exactly what’s going on — just as part of the Brosnan character’s power is that he fervently believes his own lies., Using the rest of the removed rind, cut 4 equal-sized rectangles for the feet and then trim to shape into "paws." Attach with toothpicks., We have great relations with all accounts, actually including Amazon, but we don't write off smaller accounts just because they might be independent. Norton is the biggest independent publishing house, and it's part of our heritage and part of our fabric. So we really identify with bookstores out there who are struggling to make it. And we offer our authors to them and to existing bookstores. It's much harder to offer an author online. People want to meet an author. That being said, I love promoting books online., He tweeted, "I am 100% okay and I appreciate everyone's concern and support." Shurmur said he's not sure if Moore will play Thursday. ... Josh Cribbs tweaked a hamstring in practice and wore an ice bag on his left leg. "I try to practice at game speed," he said. "Just a little minor setback. Nothing big.", Juan Valentin Romero, 23, of Santa Ana, was arrested on suspicion of assault with a firearm and possession of a dangerous weapon. He is being held at the Orange County Jail in lieu of $50,000 bail, Bertagna said., Well, at least at clogging the lane., Spargo was determined not to suffer a letdown in the follow-up campaign and the junior hasn't disappointed, winning the Freeburg Invitational (16:16) and the Chester Invitational (16:30) while having the fastest individual split at the Columbia Relays., Obama told reporters he has read the documents Cheney and others are referring to., "Everyone has to share the road and we all want to do it safely," he said., But the number is also surprisingly low considering it is less than half the number of dispensaries that have applied for sales-tax licenses with the city., Sullivan turned his attention to Rivertoni, and instructed him to lay his guitar flat on his lap, strings facing down. The two practiced drumming with their fingers on the wooden backs., Grammy-nominated British star Maxi Priest leads the cast of Nov. 30's "Jamaica at 50" celebration., Overall Head Coaching Record: 49-29 (6 seasons), "I think (the ordinance) would give us another tool to help take care of some of this," Kinnison said., "I won't represent two guys at the same position," Smith said. "We're looking for fits, guys who think like we do, real tough, really high-character-type kids. Leaders and team captains.", Our pair came from Diestel Turkey Ranch in Sonora, where each flock is grown outdoors and allowed reach to its natural peak size, according to Joan Diestel., Tonight's second game of a four-game set was called after a 25-minute rain delay at the start. Tigers right-hander Rick Porcello and Rangers lefty Matt Harrison will pitch in the 1:05 p.m. game Saturday. Righties Justin Verlander and Neftali Feliz will start at 7:05., Americans have had enough of the histrionics that accompany difficult environmental decisions. The country is weary of oil-related considerations that weigh on foreign policy decisions. "Blood for oil" debates are divisive. They weaken our national resolve., According to Pew Research's findings, more women age 18 to 34 value a high-paying career han young men, 66 to 59 percent. This number for women is up 10 percent from 1997, and up 1 percent for young men. For women ages 35 to 64, 42 percent say being successful in a high-paying career is "one of the most important things" or "very important," compared to 43 percent of their male counterparts. In 1997, only 26 percent of middle-age and older women felt this way, compared to 41 percent of men., A year ago, Obama made good on his campaign talk. He authorized a mission into Pakistan to kill Osama bin Laden, and it worked. So he earned the right to crow a little., Patti Sapone/The Star-LedgerPart of Route 27 in Edison is seen in this 2007 file photo. The Route 27 bridge over the Conrail tracks in Metuchen will be closed for eight months, starting next week. METUCHEN -- Drivers using the heavily-traveled Route 27 through Edison and Metuchen will be detoured off the road for at least eight months because cracks have been found in the bridge over the railroad tracks., <U+0093>Look, if there's anything you need to talk about, come to me and we'll deal with it,<U+0094> he said., Tim Brown, Yahoo! Sports: "The contract came from the usual mist of a Boras free-agent pitch, with franchises rumored to come and go into the final frantic moments. It would be the Washington Nationals, or the Texas Rangers, or the Baltimore Orioles, or the Seattle Mariners, or somebody, maybe even the Los Angeles Dodgers. And it came from the usual soup of a Boras winter, when the market was too thin, the years too long and the price too high. Instead, the fit was as perfect as the timing. For Fielder, he gets a relevant franchise that helps lift a city, a contender that now boasts the best three-four pairing in the game. And he gets the late-career rocking chair of the DH rule, if that's where it leads.", Role: The Blazers signed Oberto on Monday as insurance for their injury-depleted front line. He will be asked to provide rebounding, defense and veteran savvy while the Blazers wait for Joel Przybilla and Greg Oden to return from separate knee injuries., The American model would be less expensive in part because it would not require the boreholes, Vidale said., And more than six decades after an emaciated Polish POW found a heartwarming way to thank one of his U.S. liberators, Jeanne at last has her ring., The punch line was in reference to Gilbert's "Washington Generals" email he sent to Stern when the Cavs owner thought the league would allow Chris Paul to be traded from New Orleans to the Los Angeles Lakers., Breivik himself insists he is sane, and accuses the prosecutors of trying to make him look irrational., With a health coach and a new diet program, the two mayors hope to lead their respective cities to a collective weight loss. But first, they talked a little trash., The legal battle over the garage dates back to the 1998 voter initiative Proposition J that created the Golden Gate Park Concourse Authority to oversee construction of a garage funded entirely by donations. The authority signed a lease with the Music Concourse Community Partnership, a nonprofit organization created by Hellman to collect the money., Last November, the University of Chicago published a study quantifying the blazingly obvious: people tend to create God in their own image, to ascribe to the deity their own opinions, interests and beliefs. But is that really faith, when you reduce God to a bigger version of you?, Lehman’s top 50 employees stood to make about $1.65 billion in compensation from 2005 to 2007, according to documents that emerged in the bank’s protracted bankruptcy proceeding. Much of that was to come in the form of stock, which Lehman’s demise rendered worthless., Police in Shelbyville thought the bill was counterfeit after a convenience store clerk called them. The clerk said a marker used to detect false money didn't show the bill was real., 1510 Bradford Av, $13,500, In a private breakfast meeting with about half a dozen venture capitalists at a Menlo Park hotel, and then in a larger private meeting with more than 50 people the same day, Mr. Palmisano stressed the importance of IBM's partnership ..., Debt: Defended 2008 bailout of financial institutions as a necessary step to avoid the system's collapse, opposed the bailout of General Motors and Chrysler and said any such aid should not single out specific companies. Would cap federal spending at 20 percent of gross domestic product by end of first term. Stayed silent on the debt-ceiling deal during its negotiation, only announcing his opposition to the final agreement shortly before lawmakers voted on it. Instead, endorsed GOP "cut, cap and balance" bill that had no chance of enactment. Favors constitutional balanced budget amendment. Proposes broad but largely unspecified cuts in federal spending. Among the few details: 10 percent cut in federal workforce, elimination of $1.6 billion in Amtrak subsidies and cuts of $600 million in support for the arts and broadcasting., searched and held for six days. When Essex County officials picked him up, he was transported to their jail, where he was again forced to disrobe., Chen, however, described an intense series of negotiations. He said he never asked to leave China and that U.S. officials told him they would accompany him out of the embassy. But after he got to his room in Chaoyang Hospital with his family, he said no U.S. officials stayed behind and the family is now scared and wants to leave the country., United Continental Holdings Inc. said Tuesday that traffic rose about 1 percent in March on a boost from international jaunts, while revenue from fares and fees improved., A neighbor told WCBS-TV that the couple was in the midst of a divorce., Gone is wife Elin Nordegren. Gone is caddie Stevie Williams. Gone is swing coach Hank Haney, who has written that Woods once injured his knee while going through Navy SEALS training. Is that absurd, or what?, Yes, abortion is the law of the land. But as a majority of Americans in an August CBS News Poll agreed, its practice should be rare., "I'm not the person to sit behind a desk all day," said Stone, 56, of Savage, who was waiting with a friend to talk to a company representative. "I like talking to people. I'm outgoing.", The last walk was issued in a northern California courtroom., Cocktails on the Lido Deck at 7. Scuba gear is mandatory., "This is shakeout time for these small EV ventures," Halvorsen said. "Once the major automakers bring their EVs to market, all but a few won't survive.", Superior Court Judge Frederick De Vesa set Trott's bail at $1 million on top of the $900,000 previously set., Q. Where have you seen lighting design, particularly in chandeliers, moving from and to?, "I never had to learn roses and she is my best reference for native plants., "I was like, 'Oh, man,'" said Kessler, a redshirt freshman. "But I was happy for him because he's such a great guy to be around and learn from.", Oh. Right. Something has to fill in the gaps between big-budget sequels and movies of television shows and, lately, it has been new versions of movies from the Reagan era., McCain is the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee, which hasn't brought its final version of the fiscal 2012 defense authorization bill to the Senate floor. That's because the debt-limit agreement requires an additional spending reduction in fiscal 2012, which the panel has yet to make., Lindsey broke into a car the night of Feb. 21, 2011. A neighbor called police to report a suspicious person. As Lindsey tried to get away, he was stopped by Crawford near the corner of Eighth Street and Second Avenue S., It's not just monolithic corporations at risk. Even small businesses are liable for lost or stolen data, said Scott Hauge, president of Small Business California, a small-business advocacy group., And the Blazers found out in the most painful of ways as the 38-year-old recorded the most playoff three-pointers of his career and scored his most postseason points since May 1, 2005, when he finished with 25 points, seven assists and five rebounds against the Miami Heat., Steelhead (and salmon in the fall) can only ascend 11 miles of the Au Sable before they run into Foote Dam, but those 11 miles can be very productive because the spawning gravel and resting lies are very obvious to experienced anglers fishing from drift boats or kayaks., Sometimes, the problem can be as simple as acid reflux causing irritation to the cords, says Maronian, which can be treated with antacids., Moments later, Sudin told the driver - Kirkwood High sophomore Connor Scott - that he shouldn't brake very much as he prepared to speed his BMW four-door into a tight figure-8 on pavement being soaked with water from a Madison Fire Department pumper., 2. How would you describe your freshman season?, Orin Gelderloos, professor of biology and environmental studies at the University of Michigan-Dearborn, 2010 Green Leader., Harman quickly intervened and wound up establishing a groundbreaking program aimed at improving conditions for employees. Workers could earn idle time by producing their quotas faster and go home earlier. For the mostly African American work force, Harman established an on-site school, daycare and a worker-run newspaper, uncensored by management. The "Bolivar Experiment" proved so successful at what was dubbed "participatory management" that the company had to restrict visitors., Responding officers found him sitting in the passenger seat, and authorities said he told them someone else was driving, a claim countered by witnesses to the crash. He refused to take a Breathalyzer test, police said., Brayan Pena led off the inning with a double. The Royals were up 4-2 and decided to play for a tack-on run. Mitch Maier was at the plate and attempted a sacrifice bunt to move Brayan to third. Mitch got the bunt down, but Brayan did not advance. Once again, without talking to someone I can't tell you why, but I can make an educated guess., Said Parsh: "Everything I learned from basketball, I learned from coach McKenna.", The men dropped their cards and grabbed their glasses and walked outside. People spread the alarm, the bell kept ringing and goods were moved out of buildings into the street. Saloon owners laid planks across barrels to serve as makeshift bars as the fire spread. Every now and then it exploded caches of gunpowder or gasoline., Denise Krekeler has actually upgraded to a bigger space after leaving the mall. She and her husband moved their store, Yeti Gaming, into a 4,000-square foot space last week. They wanted to stay in the area, near their customer base, so they just moved down the street from the mall to 361 Watson Plaza., He represents the other side of the theater, the money side. The side that makes the curtain, real or figurative, rise., "You can go online and you can get a very accurate estimate of your likely retirement benefits," Astrue said. "You can run scenarios.", (9) Wheat Ridge (13-2-2) at (1) Broomfield (13-3-1), Cheerleading's catastrophic injuries -- ranging from a fractured spine to death -- have crept up in recent years to a peak of 11 nationwide in 2005-06. More than 65 percent of all catastrophic injuries to female high school athletes in the past quarter-century have been in cheerleading, according to an annual catastrophic injury report by the University of North Carolina's Frederick O. Mueller., Once the game started, however, the junior guard played with intensity and poise. Mack scored 16 points in the first half, sinking four 3-pointers, and the Bulldogs committed only two turnovers in taking a 38-30 lead at the break., Highest-ranking woman: Dyan Mashman, senior vice president and chief information officer., Moneyball Brad Pitt is Oakland A's general manager Billy Beane, forced to come up with a whole new way of playing baseball, in this terrifically entertaining, and surprisingly poignant, real-life sports pic. PG-13, This charming kid’s-eye movie, full of comical and vivid detail about the lives of these cheerful children, has the loose, lanky feel of a memoir and of French New Wave films. Writer-director Taika Waititi, who also plays the exasperating, inept and semi-lovable dad, adroitly mixes pathos with absurdity. Like childhood itself, though, the film lacks much of a plot, and somehow manages both to drag on and feel too short at the same time., "He is an excellent choice for Big 12 commissioner and will further enhance the cohesiveness of the conference," Luck said., The Universal grinder was first designed in 1897, at which time it transformed the work of the cook by easing the effort required to chop meats and vegetables. The simple machine could grind 21/2 pounds of meat per minute, depending on the agility of the person turning the handle. It was nothing short of a marvel -- a food processor for the 19th century., that takes the place of fog & dream smoke,, They also noted that the land they plan to build on has already been zoned for commercial use. The other project goes before Chesterfield's planning commission next week to get approval for a zoning change for its proposed development., So they warmed to the no-nonsense welcomings issued at the first monthly parents night., Rupp could be within reach of the U.S. record of 27 minutes 13.98 secondss, held since 2001 by Meb Keflezighi. Salazar wants conditions as optimal as possible, which explains their indecision., A special cocktail selection (all $8) is as intriguing as the food menu, but the results are mixed. The idea of a Hot Tomato is good -- a deconstructed bloody Mary with vodka, tomato water, lemon and a dash of Tabasco served in a martini glass with a jalapeno pepper floating in the middle. However, the drink tasted flat. I asked for salt to perk it up, which helped to coax out the sweetness in the fruit., Thomas did not say what Jelinek had been doing during the time she was missing., All things in moderation & quit stressing about it., Few knew then all that was going on in Daley's world. Some of it has come to light only recently. Together, the pieces now known offer a more complete look at what Daley was facing in his political and personal lives in what turned out to be his unusually turbulent 16th year as mayor:, Hickey hospitalized: Sox batting practice pitcher and former major leaguer Kevin Hickey remains in a Dallas hospital for further tests., The girls will play in one gym at Parkway South, the boys in another., The Performance Improvement Project -- funded by a three-year, $90,000 Bazelon Center grant awarded to Neighborhood Service Organization -- provides a model for how police and mental health workers can work together., A person cannot get shingles from someone who has shingles, and also a person can't get shingles when exposed to a person with chickenpox. However, a person can get chickenpox when exposed to someone with shingles via respiratory droplets (or breathing it in). Pregnant women who have never had chickenpox should absolutely stay away from patients with shingles., She pondered a moment, then smiled and said, "Like me!", The photos and documentaries study places like the Gingerbread Castle, a children’s park in Hamburg; the Pennhurst State School and Hospital in Spring City, Pa., an asylum condemned as “the Shame of Pennsylvania” and more., which has failed to find a buyer to operate the company as a going concern, says it needs to retain key employees with the expertise needed for an orderly liquidation of its remaining assets., "It may be that the nature of their buyers are very much bargain hunters," he said., The false documents resulted in the approval of nearly $20 million in fraudulent loans, prosecutors said., Liz's jewels speak to buyers, "They were not judged by an informed jury," said Jon Moore, a Garden Valley nature photographer who got a marijuana referral from Fry for pain from a broken neck. "I liken them to people found guilty for stealing a boat to save a man from drowning.", Anytime Steve Van Zandt is talking, it's usually pretty funny., The overall service at the restaurant ranges from good to pretty good, with the star being the young woman who greets patrons at the front door. She appears to be auditioning for the same gig at Charlie Trotter's in Chicago., <U+0095> Denim Spot Boutique, 1050 20th St., Suite 170, Revenue slid 41 percent to $786.9 million., They all failed. Especially the coach, who was championed as the ultimate leader. And Paterno said after he was let go, "Right now, I'm not the football coach, and that's something I have to get used to.", April is "Go Camping Month" at Ohio State Parks, and campers can save 25 percent off overnight stays at public campgrounds throughout Ohio. The discount is also good at park getaway rentals (yurts, tepees, rent-a-camps and other specialty rentals). For reservations and more information: ohiostateparks.org or 1-866-644-6727., The Masters is slated to return to the county in 2011, but the location is up for discussion., - Sam Whiting,, Boston 11, Oakland 6: David Ortiz finished the best April of his career with a pair of solo homers, and Mike Aviles hit a three-run shot for the host Red Sox. Ortiz hit .405 in April with six homers and 20 RBIs. Former Tiger Bandon Inge went 1-for-3 in his first game with the Athletics., Such transformations don't happen without a trigger., Holliday is no longer the girl who went from the choir of Houston's Pleasant Grove Baptist Church to a role in the musical "Your Arms Too Short to Box With God" and then to Michael Bennett's Supremes-inspired "Dreamgirls." For one thing, she's so much thinner; she said she and the director will have to decide whether she needs to play Effie wearing a "fat suit.", "The bottom line is we're 0-3 in the league," 10th-year coach Mark Richt said. "We've never been there. We've had enough issues off the field that have been a big distraction and sad for our young men and our program and for our university and our fans and everybody else., Be aware of other potential dental problems as well., More relevant to the crisis, borrowing costs for European nations stabilized. They had risen alarmingly in recent weeks - in Greece, then in Italy and Spain, then across the continent, including in Germany, the strongest economy in Europe., Keith Dambrot's Zips team, however, won this game because of its offense., "This is a unique opportunity to bring together two great companies, each with first-rate brands, and provide enhanced opportunities to generate superior returns as we build on this new, larger platform," Lundgren said in a statement. "Joining these two companies together creates a powerful engine for growth, both as markets around the world recover and over the long-term.", When the Office of Special Counsel determined that Bush White House officials had violated the act, no one was punished. The report came earlier this year. All of the staff members involved were long since out of office., At this critical juncture for the MNNG (an entity whose ancestry includes the first of Minnesota’s heroics and sacrifice at the Battle of Gettysburg – it knows something about critical junctures), Lt. Col. Morris is continuing his efforts to integrate the faith communities into the network of support for the Minnesota National Guard, its deployed personnel and the families (and employers) left behind., Phoenix somehow pulled it out, playing its rope-a-dope game to perfection again to steal a game from the Predators., WASHINGTON -- Here's a question that has probably never been uttered, courtesy of Iowa Rep. Steve King:, Ohio's chief election official, Secretary of State Jon Husted, says that means McFaul was not entitled to use $127,000 in leftover campaign funds to help pay restitution in a 2010 plea deal. The law allows excess campaign money to be donated to political parties, other politicians or charities. Period., That’s when Jordyn Peck, a sophomore, started Shaker Heights’ run. He scored two field goals and had an assist on another. That seemed to energize the Raiders, who started to run and force the issue. That, along with controlling the boards, earned the Raiders the momentum and eventually the lead. Peck finished with 13 points, four rebounds and four assists., Martina describes herself as an athlete and breast cancer survivor. And says after breast cancer she didn't see any reason to fear dancing. Tony says, "I'm not the bad boy or the bad boy's brother" and that he's ready to win the trophy. It's a Dovolani/Chmerkovskiy feud! Martina says that what scares her the most is the "high heels." Now, see, Martina can get away with saying she's not very feminine waaaaay more than a traditionally beautiful woman like Maria. I absolutely love the way the announcer says "Navratilova." Whoa, the back of Martina's dress is almost entirely sheer and she is still in tremendous shape. You can see her trying to remember the steps in her head, as they foxtrot to "Is You Is or Is You Ain't My Baby," but she looks great and her athletic background means she's not visibly panting in front of the judges. Carrie Ann compliments her beauty and wants her to work on her spins. Len wants more wow, less caution. Is that Chris Evert in the audience? I remember watching tennis as a kid when their rivalry was so huge. Martina has a sense of humor when Brooke compliments her on her appearance saying, "With all this hair, with all this makeup … If I don't look good now, it's over.", It happened in front of the apartment house she owns at Pearl and Rose streets., 10:30 p.m. Memphis at L.A. Lakers ESPN, In addition to preparing ourselves, we need to prepare our children. It's a difficult conversation to have, and it is one we must learn to undertake. One of the better suggestions I've heard in the wake of the Penn State scandal is that children shouldn't just have one or two parents they feel safe going to for help. They should have five "safe adults," and if one does not help, they can go to the next., Down in timber country, Douglas County Commissioner Doug Robertson calls the proposal to shoot barred owls an example of "dysfunctional" forest policy. Counties like his depend economically on federal timber, which Robertson says is managed to benefit a species that can't be recovered., Having lost the argument, what to do? Bully. The New York Times loftily warned the Supreme Court that it would forfeit its legitimacy if it ruled against Obamacare because with the "five Republican-appointed justices supporting the challenge led by 26 Republican governors, the court will mark itself as driven by politics.", And just to assure you that the jewelry is every bit as innovative as her past interior décor items, she recently got the stamp of approval from Neiman Marcus. The department store is carrying her Kaleidoscope jewelry line online and in 14 stores, including the Plaza Frontenac location in St. Louis., oAgain, let us be more specific. Brisiel broke the bone early on against the Bengals but finished the game, the one that clinched the first-ever playoff berth for the Texans. The next day, he needed six screws and a plate surgically implanted to stabilize the leg., "Shoes are objects of pleasure," Louboutin said—though his high heels are famously uncomfortable to wear., Martinez talked about her visits to several emergency shelters last year and the hardship she saw in the eyes of many evacuees., Popovich received 77 first-place votes. Thibodeau was second (27), Indiana coach Frank Vogel was third (7) and Memphis coach Lionel Hollins was fourth (6). Boston's Doc Rivers and Denver's George Karl each received a vote., “You start saying, ‘Well, we need to run the ball’ or whatever it may be,” Tomlinson said, “and you get affected by throwing the ball.”, A harder line, BP and the government have said it would take about four days from the time crews started drilling again to intersect the blown-out well. Once the relief well intersects the blown-out well, crews will pump in mud and cement to permanently seal the well., It is also important to note that Giroux hasn't been fined or suspended previously during his four-year NHL career.", The Knights (12-1) missed several early opportunities and Eagles goalie Katie Ferraro set the tone with a save on Angela Flister in the first two minutes. Ferraro, who finished with 11 saves, had eight in the second half as the defense held off a couple of early Knights surges when McDonogh turned over the ball and didn't generate any offense for nearly five minutes., "Maybe I will be on Team Type I one more year, or maybe I'll be ready for a big team. I don't know what I want. My family is very happy together, but I also understand I need to race.", Clinic Innovations has fostered the spinoff of 33 companies, mostly featuring medical devices., Ms. Brooks is at the center of a web of political and media elite that has come under intense scrutiny as details have spilled out about the lengths to which British newspapers have gone to get scoops and the cozy ties that may have protected their actions., DeCroce attended Seton Hall University and worked as a realtor for ERA Gallo & DeCroce, his legislative biography said. Among the committees he was recently serving on were the Bipartisan Leadership Committee, where he served as the co-chairman, and the Legislative Services Commission. He is survived by his wife Mary Lou, the deputy commissioner of the Department of Community Affairs, three adult children and two grandchildren., When preparing velvety, rich sauces, most recipes call for a generous dollop of butter. Our recipe does away with that, instead using veal demi-glace to add flavor, body and texture., Verrilli then argued that allowing Arizona to question and incarcerate illegal immigrants "raises significant foreign-relations issues.", Significantly, however, Google doesn't mix those separate pots of personal data. For instance, it doesn't use data gleaned from a person's Gmail account to target ads to that person elsewhere online. Google's computers do, however, scan Gmail messages to place contextual ads next to the emails themselves., "How is it in the public interest to export gas and drive up prices?" DeFazio said Wednesday. "I don't think anyone can credibly make the argument.", You've probably never seen it or heard of it even though it's been there for 17 years. The regulars, who loosely refer to themselves as the "Breakfast Club," like it that way., Neighbor Sandra Garten said Haynes' epilepsy recently had triggered several severe seizures, causing neck injuries that called for corrective surgery. She said Haynes was admitted to a physical rehabilitation center, where Daniel visited her every day., "The living-donor population is a unique set of patients," Srinivas says. "They deserve specialized care.", Q. We are redoing our landscape and are preparing the soil for planting. Do we have time to do the planting this fall or should we wait until spring?, EDISON — Vehicles traveling on Route 1 in Edison last night were delayed following a single-vehicle accident in which an unidentified man was killed, police said., For all this, he's been lambasted in some quarters and lionized in others., Godfrey, a 5-foot-11, 182-pound athlete from Miami's Central High, captivated UCF fans from the moment he signed a letter of intent to play for the Knights. He broke the career Miami-Dade County high school passing record and was arguably the most athletic quarterback to enroll at UCF since Daunte Culpepper ran the offense., Curson is using federal Perkins Vocational and Technical Education Act money to cover the costs of the supplies and the teachers are doing the instruction for free., “I’ve been pretty excited and choked up about this,” Camelback Coach Todd Goertzen said., Everyone is happy: the unions, the pols and the MTA., The Cubs aren't expected to be a winning team in 2012. But with new faces on the field, a new manager in Dale Sveum and a new era under way, there should be plenty to talk about. The key is keeping fans interested in August if the team is out of it by June., Clooney wisely recognized that the triggering action of Willimon's play involving a clandestine meeting wasn't large enough for a big-screen narrative. (Truth be told, the trust-breaking event wasn't substantial enough for the stage either, but in the theater, the piece found momentum through its Machiavellian banter.) The solution to a problematic plot, however, isn't more plot. Clooney and his fellow writers keep adding to the store of incidents in an attempt to magnify Gosling's character's interior journey when they should have reworked the story from scratch. The result is a polished piece of filmmaking that's marred by the unshapliness of its morality tale., Argentina, the 2004 gold and '08 bronze medalist, will have Manu Ginobili and Luis Scola back. The resurgent French were the European runners-up last year behind San Antonio point guard Tony Parker. Tunisia earned its first Olympic berth by defeating Angola last year for the African championship. The Tunisians trailed the Americans by only four points in the third quarter at the world championship two years ago before the United States pulled away for a 92-57 victory., Ice Cross Downhill, Ishikawa was inserted into the lineup after Mat Gamel tore the ACL in his right knee on Tuesday night. Gamel is likely done for the season, opening a door for Ishikawa and further validating his offseason decision to sign with the Brewers over the Giants and others., Last year 36 students took AP exams in three subjects, scoring on average 1.4., With the first round of the NFL Draft wafting our way Thursday, now's the perfect time to pretend to be Chargers general manager and play "Which Player Should the Chargers Take in Round One?" Notice I say should, not will., The report issued Thursday, a result of the most extensive Senate ethics investigation in at least two decades, describes the actions inside the senator's office as he sought to manage the fallout from an affair with the wife of one of his former senior aides., "I'm giving football my 100 percent," Ebner told The Plain Dealer's Doug Lesmerises last Tuesday. "I don't want to say, 'If I wasn't messing around with rugby, what would have happened?' It's football all the way, and if that doesn't work out, I'm definitely playing rugby somewhere if I'm not playing football.", Crude oil prices reflect the cost of production, which has become more challenging as easy-to-access reserves dwindle., And he said he thinks McKissic's resolution will fail., Dunstan said it would take an award of at least $1 million to offset attorney's fees and lost interest income that will result from Prenzler's actions., Columbine 12 7 18 20 — 57, The Tony-nominated musical, which dates to 2005 and has been running on Broadway since 2009, is set amid the anything-goes backdrop of a seedy Sunset Strip club called the Bourbon Room, which is threatened with demolition by a coalition of forces seeking to gentrify the area. The characters include aspiring musician Drew Boley, young actress Sherrie Christian, club owner Dennis Dupree, father-son developers Hertz and Franz Klinemann, and aging rocker Stacie Jaxx., For even the experienced traveler, the variety of check-in options, bag drops and self-help kiosks at LAX is mind-boggling., “Kids come here and just go crazy,” Sweeney said. “For a lot of them, amazingly, it’s the first time they’ve been to a forest. We have outdoor classes where they learn different properties of plants, or dig in the worm bin. A program last year taught kids to pull ivy and they loved it.”, In addition to making it hard for the church to reach out to Latinos, the new law is also causing some new converts to leave, she said., The state's cynical lip service toward these at-risk children begins at the top with Gov. Ted Kulongoski. His legacy as governor is littered with reports of the fierce escalation in child abuse and neglect, especially in the state's foster-care system., No more help, "I'm nervous, because I care so much about this school," said Cummings, who graduated from Trevor Browne., A month ago, the Twins' plan was to survive questionable starting pitching by relying on what looked like a deep lineup. Now their batting order looks every bit as pathetic as last year's Fun Bunch Battalion., The staff at the jail did not comply with her requests. Members of Council on American-Islamic Relations met with the administrative staff to voice their concern and alluded to the law RLUIPA (Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act) which bars state and local governments from enforcing "a substantial burden on the religious exercise of a person residing in or confined in an institution.", Near midnight, the mob cheered louder as a WTAJ-CBS news van was flipped on its side. Students started rocking it and beating on it as other students cheered them on. Soon after, the crowd began throwing bottles and firecrackers at police, who attempted to control the crowd by firing tear gas. At least one individual had to be subdued by Taser and lay on the ground., Yet, wisely, Ohio's standards were the nation's broadest -- including everything from biomass to landfill gas, fuel cells and clean coal. That has attracted investment, even in tough economic times., The number of students attending Oregon schools surged during the 1990s and kept growing until 2003. During that period, the schools added 70,000 students, a 15 percent increase, as families flocked to Oregon from other parts of the nation and the world., "He was not on our radar for any reason," Hall said., Moran's next call was to Roman. He told the engineer to drop off all his passengers and then go pick up anyone left at the trade center. Then he began to order all other trains to head to the nearest station and wait., Woodruff was fired Wednesday night, said Phyllis Kinsler, executive director of Planned Parenthood of Central Jersey. She said the video, posted earlier in the day by Live Action, a California-based anti-abortion group targeting Planned Parenthood, “depicted an employee of one of our health centers behaving in a repugnant manner that is inconsistent with our standards of care and is completely unacceptable.”, oA pickup in single-family home construction and commercial projects offset a steep drop in state and local government building., Repeat business is critically important to the travel industry, particularly to hotels. It's difficult to quantify how essential repeat customers are, but a recent survey of spa hotels found that more than three-quarters of all visitors were repeat guests. In other words, if people didn't return, occupancy rates would drop faster than a hot stone falling off a massage table. Some hotels might go out of business., "There should be a way for anyone who wants to go to college if they choose to," Weinberg said. "What the university doesn't understand is that we are not camping out. This is a constant protest.", Just don't forget to bring canned soup., Anderson is a survivor., The science on mind games may be inconclusive, but research seems to suggest that they can't hurt -- except possibly your wallet., Kurkendall was amazed at a photo in the newspaper that showed their memorable customer posed with George W. Bush., Steve got into the NFL eventually with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and didn't set the world on fire at all. People ought to go back and look at those tapes. And then what happened? He went to San Francisco, Bill Walsh was there, Young got to watch Joe Montana and how Montana did it. And when it was Steve Young's time, he had developed the same thing. Great guy, Steve Young. No one is going to out-work him. He was going to figure out a way to win, and he did. He went on to have a great career., Since the attack, a growing number of other hazing allegations have surfaced at FAMU, Florida’s only historically black public university., There were some growing pains. It took time for the backline to start communicating in a way that was completely effective., Beane and the A's, however, should expect nothing but Ramirez's best effort. Earning just enough money to keep his million-dollar shoes polished this season, Ramirez should use every at-bat in 2012 as a public audition for any American League teams looking for a designated hitter next season., Washington, D.C., 2079, and some guy in an interrogation room is getting his clock punched. Actually, he's not just some guy, he's ex-CIA agent Snow - Guy Pearce, doing his best Bogart tough-guy act, spitting out snappy one-liners every time he gets whomped., "It's arbitrary," he conceded. "The bigger question is: Should you be allowed to get an order from a court for someone to be arrested because they owe money? You've got to remember there are people who have the money but just won't pay a single penny.", The big names didn't show up Saturday night in Dallas because they might -- zounds -- lose to a relative unknown. Who knows what a slump that might cause in sneaker sales? Somehow, Dominique Wilkins made the Basketball Hall of Fame despite losing the dunk contest to Spud Webb in 1986, but who wants to risk that?, Still, single-family homes rose 1.7 percent and building permits fell 5 percent., "Then they came for me -- and there was no one left to speak for me.", Based on the Marvel Comics series, "The Avengers" cast includes Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man, Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow, Samuel L. Jackson as Nick Fury and Mark Ruffalo as the Incredible Hulk., "I live around the corner here, and so I see every day this church behind me, feeding people every Wednesday, and I knew I wanted to say something," he said. "And it came to me to talk about the plight of the people right here.", "One of the questions was 'Do you oppose this?' and I couldn't imagine why anyone would if that was John's wish," Robtoy said., Taveras ran it in 4.18., 18. Vanderbilt, The Indiana-Kentucky high school basketball all-star series will take on a new look this year., A close friend of Oswalt's said Wednesday he "would not be surprised" if Oswalt agreed to terms with the defending World Champions. Mozeliak, who had refused comment about the matter in recent weeks, broke his silence Thursday by indicating that the parties had not had meaningful negotiations in the last 30 days., At the scouting combine, where he ran a 4.5 time for 40 yards, Turbin said he's determined to succeed in the NFL no matter where he was drafted., 95. x–Oakland, Tony Bergstrom, g, Utah., The following year, Mitchell and the Broncos again made the playoffs and faced off against top-seeded Mesa Westwood. Mitchell pitched in 253 yards and three touchdowns to help Brophy pull off the "miracle win," which paved the way for a run to the semifinals, the deepest playoff run in Mitchell's career., The surge of water raced across the Pacific, setting off alarm sirens in Hawaii, Polynesia and Tonga and prompting warnings across all 53 nations ringing the vast ocean., Lane's roommate, Lisa Dungey, testified she never saw Lane physically abuse Bianca or any of his seven children. Dungey, who said she works with children in the Hamtramck public schools in first through eighth grades, said she would be obligated to report child abuse had she seen any., Not all of the gifts have been as huge, but even the small numbers add up. At the Kmart store on Lorain Road and 150th Street, a store manager said about 10 customers came in to pay off portions of layaway accounts. He estimated that the gifts saved 20 families a few thousand dollars in total., May 8, 2006, Trustee John Moss complained in a letter to his colleagues that he wanted to see much more competitive bidding, and given a spate of recent revelations that cast doubt on the wisdom of how some contracts have been used, he has a point., As his reputation grew throughout the 1960s and 1970s, Husain showed a talent for hyping his life and escapades, which only raised the value of his work. "Life without a bit of drama is too drab," he said on one occasion. "If I'd been in Europe, I would've been more gimmicky than Salvador Dali," he said on another., The Teacher Standards and Practices Commission, Oregon's teacher licensing board, faces a growing backlog of nearly 300 complaints against teachers, ranging from stealing school property to showing up to class drunk. The agency now requires an average of nearly 16 months, and as long as three years, to discipline teachers., FINAL FAREWELL — Elaine Schultz Staley, secretary of the John Marshall High School Alumni Association, tells me that JMH alumni, current and former students, as well as former faculty, staff, parents, friends and neighbors are invited to the second farewell open house 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday at the school, 3952 W. 140th St. in Cleveland’s West Park neighborhood., Recreation and Parks requested proposals from private operators to take over centers, and expected some private entities to be involved by the end of the year., “The upper river section will never be camped again,” said Ragonese. “The trees that are a problem in the upper river campground, you would go by them and think, these are the healthiest-looking trees imaginable. They are in great shape. They’re fully foliaged. The bark looks good. You would never know there is a root system problem caused by this flooding.”, -- Some aircraft have been redeployed, to expand flying to Mexico out of Los Angeles, San Francisco and Chicago, as well as other route changes., 3/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth, "Some days you awake realizing how essential love is to survival. I'm coming up on the two-year mark for my divorce in another week or so, but the reflections I've been having aren't on the loss anymore -- they are on the deepened love I have for my children., Rondo's steal gave the Celtics one more chance, but they never actually got a shot off., At 6 a.m. today, the temperature across the St. Louis metro area was 32 degrees. The high temperature is expected to hit about 36 degrees today, Gosselin said., Ford will offer the car with traditional engines, EcoBoost turbocharged engines, hybrid models and a plug-in hybrid. Some of those engines could come out of Brook Park as Ford's plant there is supposed to get new small engines by 2014., Quan said she had breakfast with "one of the main owners" of the San Francisco Giants recently, who was "adamant" that the Giants would not give up their territorial rights to Santa Clara County., Angel Garcia doesn’t know her name, where she lived, or what she accomplished in her life., "If I go to the convenience store for a gallon of milk, I don't carry those kinds of things," said Martin Ortiz, 37, a U.S.-born citizen and maintenance worker from San Diego. "I just slap on a pair of shorts. And a police officer notices me? Why should I get detained?", The Make-a-Wish Foundation of America was incorporated May 13, 1983. It has 62 chapters in the U.S. and 36 affiliates in 47 countries. Since it began, the group has granted 280,000 wishes around the globe., Lichtenberg led off with a sprightly and evocative account of Vivaldi's Mandolin Concerto in C, a performance of bright runs and nimble passagework. That gave way to Marshall's Mandolin Concerto No. 1, with the composer as soloist., Why? Because Romney and the other Republican candidates have also endorsed the proposal of Rep. Paul Ryan, Republican of Wisconsin, to transform Medicare into a voucher system, an idea that is wildly unpopular among older voters., A light from the library, 5. The Big Miss by Hank Haney. The golf coach's memoir describes his six eventful years with Tiger Woods., The layoffs in Collado Villalba are a drop in an ocean of unemployment. More than 5,000 people in Collado Villalba are unemployed. In the whole of Spain, more than five million of 45 million residents are jobless., He got his big break at 20, when he landed an externship at Manresa, eventually becoming sous chef. He's the fifth Manresa vet in five years to be named a Chronicle Rising Star Chef., Fourth race, With their victories in the championship matches, Lehman and Wille both completed undefeated seasons., These days, an increasing number of adults are discovering what teenagers have long known: Texting lends itself particularly well to some serious power plays., I was at Little League baseball practice when a kid on my team found out his brother was killed in Vietnam. He lost it and had to be subdued by the coaches. It was an awful moment that I will never forget. His mom became very active in the anti-war movement. Some people didn't like her doing that., Imagine for a moment that a quick trip to the grocery store can never be possible again., 1 small onion, finely chopped, It's therefore noteworthy that the CBO believes the government plan would be more expensive to enroll in, not less, than a private plan. Both the government and the private insurers would pay comparable rates to doctors and hospitals for services, the CBO says, and the government plan would have lower administrative costs., The AP test costs $87 for most students, although some can establish they are lower income and pay as little as $5., Replacements for bladders 1 and 3 are already in Tempe's possession and a contractor will begin installing them as soon as possible, beginning with number 3. A crane will remove the existing ones and lift new ones into place, securing them with bolts. A bladder to replace the one that failed is en route to Tempe, to be installed after its expected mid-August delivery., I don't have any gifts to offer. (Hey, if I didn't get Dylan anything, what makes you so special?) But if the idea catches on, the best couplets might be recognized in a future column., Follow The Chronicle hives on Facebook: Honeybee Chronicles, "I knew it was a possibility, a small chance," Fleener told The Associated Press of the opportunity to once more become a target of Luck's passes. "I can't tell you how excited I am and what it means to have him at quarterback.", Twenty minutes later, we arrived. Dangling off the side of a steep cliff, beneath rows of grapevines, was a hidden pocket of what everyone who visits Croatia imagines. A few snorkelers ambled up the steps from the water. Looking beyond the beach, we gazed at islands sprinkled along the country's coastline., Masterson, as usual, refused to point fingers. He gave the Royals as much credit as he could, within reason., The company that began with just three employees now has subsidiaries in 15 countries, the largest in the U.S. Medela estimates that about 1.5 million women a day use its pumps., "My parents are big fans of 'The Andy Griffith Show,' so I watched a lot," said Ellie Pruneau, 15, who noted that despite Knotts' misplaced bravado, "you just always want to support him.", Elkin Kistner, the attorney representing the parents, said the poll is speculative and irrelevant., The race essentially came down to a contest between two reform-minded candidates: Roosevelt and Democrat Woodrow Wilson, who clinched victory on Election Day., He explained after the meeting how the sealed-bid process puts all the risk on the contractor, creating an environment where the bidder may be tempted to do something unethical to make more money., (Manual transmission models, where available; not including destination charges), Konerko leaped in apparent pain and eventually umpire Jerry Meals sent him to first base. That loaded the bases, but Alex Rios struck out to end the game., "I don't think it's a secret that undocumented people in the county are fearful and suspicious," said Mary Dahl, director of community development for the county and head of its census committee. The county is hoping for an accurate count because it could top the 50,000 population mark, a significant milestone that attracts more national chains, business investments and government aid. "The timing of everything seems to be bad for the census," Dahl said. "There absolutely is concern.", To make matters worse, the accounts payable book is downright apocalyptic, with fabulous sums owed to creditors and clients. Meanwhile, the popularity of the product line has diminished., Authorities said he had a loaded gun in his luxury sports car when it was stopped as he left a Manhattan concert in July 2007., They complain about the property tax., "If you were to read aloud the names of the losing ticket holders for just one drawing, it would take about 31 years," Jarvis says., We generally share the driving responsibilities on our vacations. We had reserved the car for 28 days. That was going to be $280 we hadn't planned on! We protested and argued. They wouldn't budge., The unusual show of political muscle includes Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner, Commerce Secretary Gary Locke, Labor Secretary Hilda Solis, Energy Secretary Steven Chu and Austan Goolsbee, chairman of the council of economic advisers, who is not a Cabinet member but has equal rank. Karen Mills, head of the U.S. Small Business Administration and Gene Sperling, Director of the National Economic Council, will also participate., Diaz was taken into custody when police forced their way into his residence after repeated requests to enter went unanswered., Real Madrid plans to open a $1 billion soccer-centric theme park on a United Arab Emirates man-made island in January 2015 that celebrates the history, triumphs and hubris of the richest football club in the world., LOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Trainer Bob Baffert only needed to see Liaison run in Kentucky compared to California to decide to give the horse a chance in the Kentucky Derby., Some Muslim community leaders in New York aren't satisfied. They have complained about aggressive tactics the department uses to collect intelligence and about a video, "The Third Jihad," shown earlier this year to some members of the NYPD during a training session. Kelly, the police commissioner, explained in a letter in March that the film was not part of the department's training program and said it was shown in the background while members of the NYPD were filling out administrative paperwork before a training session., Source: Doctrinal Assessment of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious, Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith., Syracuse fell to Cincinnati in the Big East semifinals on Friday; Kentucky lost to Vanderbilt in the Southeastern Conference title game, and the Tar Heels lost to Florida State in the ACC finals Sunday. Combined with Kansas’ loss to Baylor in the Big 12 semifinals, this marked only the second time since 2003 that the top four teams in The Associated Press poll all lost in the same week., With the help of Standing With Hope, technicians at the Accra clinic can now build custom limbs to fit amputees as well as provide follow-up care., Whoever this theater guy was, he had not designed and built the system. He had not come up with the strategy to integrate the new system into the old infrastructure. He was not a qualified entertainment system repair specialist. He was a guy who worked in a movie theater for a crappy wage., ‘‘Obviously, with free agency March 12, it can back up from there,'' he said. ‘‘There's going to be a decision made before then.'', On spending, the measure generally consists of relatively small adjustments to thousands of individual programs. Agencies like the Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement would get a boost within the Homeland Security Department, while GOP defense hawks won additional funding to modernize the U.S. nuclear weapons arsenal. The troubled, over-budget, next-generation F-35 fighter plane program would be largely protected., The courthouse was abuzz this morning. Several television news trucks were parked outside, as shopkeepers across Main Street gawked at the spectacle. In front of the court building, a long line of photographers and reporters – most wearing rain coats, huddled under an overhang. Several dozen people slowly snaked their way through a line to a metal detector., Tom was born in Cassville, Mo., to John and Mable Mae (Peacock) Herd. The family moved to Gresham, where he graduated from Gresham High School in 1953., Duties include preparing classrooms and materials for the day's activities, supervising campers in art-related activities as directed by the classroom instructor, and monitoring campers during breaks, lunch, etc. There is at least one volunteer per class. Volunteers must be at least 15 years old by Sept. 1., The FDA recommends using generic versions of McNeil's products, which are available at most drugstores and supermarkets. Tylenol is acetaminophen; Motrin is ibuprofen; Zyrtec is cetirizine; and Benadryl is diphenhydramine. Do not use adult medications for children; using adult dosages for children or infants could result in serious harm., And they rarely make athletes like Fred Enke Jr., Hem the coordinating fabric on the top and both sides. With shirt A, cut out the design, going through the back layer as well, in the shape for the top., "That's why Rockwood should continue the CCL," he told the Board of Education at its meeting on Dec. 1., Mission: Advance UA through relationships, philanthropy, stewarding assets., McMillan was an assistant coach on the 2008 U.S. Olympic team. Howard was on the team and worked with him. It's purely a coincidence McMillan's name is rumored with the Magic., President Barack Obama's chief spokesman, Jay Carney, noted that some Secret Service employees involved have already lost their jobs, just days into the government's formal investigation of the incident last week in Colombia, where Obama attended a summit meeting., Credit-card issuers in general have been looking for ways to push card use, which took a dive during the recession when many consumers switched to debit cards and cash to cut down on debt., Oral antibiotics including doxycycline and minocycline are also mainstays of treatment, particularly when topical fail., "It was completely the opposite," said Fitzpatrick, who was signed, sealed and delivered to the Division II program soon after a visit to the Kansas City campus. "It was all about academics and not about soccer.", CLEVELAND, Ohio — More than 1,000 people from across Northeast Ohio gathered at the Free Stamp sculpture next to Cleveland City Hall Friday to condemn President Barack Obama's new rule mandating that health insurance plans cover contraception., A.J. Jenkins Illinois WR 1-San Francisco, The issue, she says, is understudied and misunderstood among college students and adults., Many of my newsroom colleagues and plenty of my non-newsroom friends and neighbors work through their lunch break. A good many of them eat at their desks, too. Maybe it's due to a special project; maybe they need to leave 15 minutes early, or maybe it's the only way to get all their work done and still get home at a decent hour., For more information about Bullseye Activewear Inc., visit the website or call (330) 220-1720., The court-appointed receiver searching for assets in the midden of a collapsed $190 million Ponzi scheme headed by Minneapolis money manager Trevor Cook seems to be running short of patience., He thought nothing of how that might look from outside the confines of the Capitol's culture of corruption. And neither do most of his colleagues., Blazers center Marcus Camby: "Tonight he just solidified that he is the best power forward in the game.", "What are you doing to prepare - are you reading some newspapers?" joked host Matt Lauer. He was alluding to an embarrassing moment from the Couric interview, when Palin couldn't name any newspapers she regularly read, instead replying that she read "all of them, any of them that have been in front of me over all these years.", <U+0093>DPS and the school will ensure that the student code of conduct is enforced, as it has been in the past during students skipping classes during the school day,<U+0094> DPS spokesman Steve Wasko said in a written statement. <U+0093>It is utterly irresponsible for adults, be they community members or others, to encourage and/or participate in such behavior. There is a time and a process for providing input to the school consolidation process.<U+0094>, Just ask Long, who spent the last 12 days since Petrino's firing scouring the coaching scraps for a possible candidate., Overall, 50.5 percent of students passed the high school-level Prairie State exams last spring, down from 53 percent in 2010, and 55.8-percent in 2001, when the PSAE was launched to capture the performance of teens nearing the end of their high school careers. In science, the passing rate dropped to 49.2 percent this year — falling below 50 percent for the first time., According to Williams, Scott worked at a center for disabled children in Newark, and would often ignore invitations to parties and other social gatherings to spend time with her only daughter., LONDON (Reuters) - European shares joined in a worldwide rally on Wednesday after strong U.S. factory activity data and a pickup in Asia raised hopes of a global economic recovery, but fears over the health of the euro zone kept the single currency under pressure., He has had six stints on the disabled list, including last season when he had right elbow surgery and didn't pitch after May 16. He is going into the final season of his contract with the Red Sox worth about $10 million., The first hotel so designated in May was Le Bristol, a Second Empire edifice on the fashionable Rue du Faubourg St.-Honoré. I toured it too because Le Bristol just finished a renovation, expanding into another wing and creating new quarters overlooking a French garden for its Michelin three-star restaurant. Le Bristol, opened in 1925, preserves the dignified grand hotel tradition; it has been owned by the same family since 1978. Its guest rooms are large, quiet and lush; old master paintings and tapestries; a small army of uniformed doormen; more floral arrangements than a funeral; and a house kitten., Living Cities, a nationwide collaboration of 22 major foundations and banks dedicated to urban revitalization, plans to invest almost $15 million over the next three years in efforts here to accelerate creation of worker-owned cooperatives and other supply-chain businesses that can serve Cleveland's health care industry., Nudo was nervous about the day. Truthfully, he says, he didn't want to do it. All week he's had trouble sleeping. What if no one showed, he wondered., (05-08) 16:20 PDT WASHINGTON (AP) --, "It's more than just a playground, its a community park," Leonard said. "The community is just going to be devastated.", By then, the two already had dozens of Liu's items on sale on eBay. Among the merchandise they brought home from the last trip to the storage unit had been a golf bag. Inside they said they found a receipt — with a name other than Liu's., Sales at the top public firms rose 5.7 percent in 2010, a striking turnaround from the previous year, when sales had been in decline, according to the Star Tribune's 20th annual survey of the state's 100 largest public companies., The man went to the Bedford Heights police station and turned himself in, Sgt. Sammy Morris said., The poll of 2,168 likely voters was conducted online, a format that some pollsters question, and included a margin of error of +/- 2.1 percentage points., Less than two weeks later, Martens was dead., In the north suburban 10th Congressional District, where several Democrats are battling to challenge first-term Republican Robert Dold of Kenilworth, Brad Schneider of Deerfield had $451,787 in cash available to start 2012 after raising $134,813 in the final quarter of last year. Schneider had earlier seeded his campaign with a $100,000 loan., That will not be easy. Suu Kyi, 66, will have almost no power in the ruling-party dominated parliament since her party will occupy only the few dozen seats it won in an April 1 by-election. But she will have an official voice in government for the first time, and the chance — however faint — to challenge and influence public policy from within., "For sure it felt good," Stewart said. "It was just a matter of time. We need production from our line and in a 1-1 game like that, especially with Backes' line getting a goal early on, it felt good to get that one.", Ducati, the famed Italian maker of luxury motorcycles favored by celebrities and the rich, is being acquired by Volkswagen AG's Audi division for $1.1 billion., Kacy Eschweiler led West (3-5) with 18 points, and Sarah Berjer added 17., That's good news. The Oregonian's project most closely resembles (at the moment) the J-Lab project at the Seattle Times. That project has already resulted in some partners seeing traffic increases of up to 400%. A survey conducted by J-Lab and released today, finds that the Seattle Times project, now over a year old, has garnered significant public support. The report says that 8 out of 10 respondents appreciated the Times for helping them find local blogs and news sites., Dixie Packard (15633), They're wrong. The abandonment of the case management system is a barely tolerable defeat — not for one side or the other in some obscure struggle for control between local trial courts and central administration, but for Californians who are entitled to, and have been paying for, a judicial system that serves their needs with modern facilities and accessible, up-to-date technology., For the third year in a row, St. Louis city was named the least healthy place to live in Missouri while St. Charles County has the healthiest residents., “The Gin Game” drops deep knowledge and light humor into a seemingly simple card game, pouring some hard-won life wisdom into an ordinary, if slightly depressing, setting and that spoonful of sugar is what helps the lesson go down and makes the play truly brilliant., “He seemed to me to be a great person,” Janelle Hess said in an e-mail. “I always listed him as a mentor on job applications. He was as close as a brother. Would do anything for me. Loaned me money time after time in an instant.”, Russo and his willing confederates deserve whatever punishment they receive from the federal courts. But they leave behind much collateral damage that can be repaired only through an end to the virtual one-party rule by Cuyahoga County Democrats that enabled Russo and his cronies to thwart any realistic checks and balances for so long, and an even more diligent house-cleaning of county government than the one already under way as part of charter reforms voters enacted last year., A: Counselors are given a survey to complete after our visit with their school. They provide us the number of students taught from each grade, how many students opted out, how many fourth-graders requested to talk, and how many Department of Child Services reports were made. We track this information per school year. Teachers are also given a survey to evaluate each presenter. The program and our volunteer instructors consistently rate a 4.9 on a 5-point scale., "I got inside the glitter, inside the reality, yet I spelled (the exhibition title) 'scene' from inside because it was like a movie," O'Neal observed. "I look back now and I go, 'How did this happen, how did I do this?'", "There's an anxiety that builds up when you write and rewrite a book for years, thinking if it's ever going to get done," he said. "I think now as I'm getting back to writing I'm going back to square zero. There's a lot of motivation. But I also think that anxiety will quickly build up again.", Position: Center/forward, They were once part of the Roman Empire. They served as a camping stop for Caesar. Italian dictator Benito Mussolini once controlled some of these islands., Peltier attended the July 2010 sale but didn't bid, saying he already owned the property., o"I would never want to think about that," he said of the possibility that Welker could leave. "Wes is one of my great friends. I hope he's back. He certainly deserves it. He's done a great job since he's gotten here., About 60 CSU students are also expected at the closing event at the Auxiliary Gym at the Wolstein Center. They are probably going to sit on a set of risers at one side of the gym, under a huge American flag., Q. When will the strike end?, Leonardo Valdes, the head of Mexico's electoral institute, suggested the networks may still be resentful about a 2007-08 electoral reform that requires stations to air campaign ads without payment as a public service, when they used to be able to charge politicians., Maria Auricchio will join her husband, along with their 3-week-old son, Vincenzo, and a family friend who was also injured in the assault, which was captured on video and posted online., Perhaps one of the most interesting characters, though, is the man we learn the least about. The mysterious Mr. Li, who lives on an ocean-worthy yacht named Invictus, is a representative of The System and coordinates its divisions in the field, so to speak. Readers can only hope that Epperson has a sequel on deck and that Mr. Li returns. What thriller fan doesn't love a shadowy character at the heart of an international crime conspiracy?, "Walt Griffin can hit the ground running," School Board member Dede Schaffner said. "We would not have a learning curve with him. He could start tomorrow to take us to the next level.", In a league in which plenty of teams opted not to fire head coaches after last season to ­ensure some continuity in lieu of the lockout, there should be ­plenty of job openings next ­offseason. Toub surely will get paid on the open market., Over the last two months, three businesses, including an equipment financing company and two television stations, have filed lawsuits against the Crystal Cathedral stating that the megachurch owes them more than $2 million for services rendered. Several vendors who provided their services during the church's "Glory of Christmas" pageant also came forward last month saying that they are owed tens of thousands of dollars., Coach Lovie Smith did his best to push his players past this distraction, one of the biggest of his tenure., Aspiring designers come up with a signature design, getting input from celebrity mentors Jessica Simpson (who describes a convertible skirt as a "twofer"), Nicole Richie (who quips that she is going to need a sailboat to get out of the studio because one of the designers is prone to tears), and high-profile designer John Varvatos (who seems above it all)., He lived it., Now the immense forest, 250 miles north of the Bay Area, is beginning a rebirth of sorts. The BLM has been dutifully restoring Headwaters, roughly half of which is composed of untouched virgin timber. The other half was logged at one point or another as far back as the 1880s. BLM crews have eliminated 10 miles of old logging roads. They've conducted regular wildlife surveys for endangered spotted owls, salmon and other species (although it's too soon to see much change in animal numbers, they report). And they have thinned more than 1,000 acres of small Douglas fir trees to speed the return of massive redwoods., Czaplicki — who also serves as director of the Jersey City Department of Housing, Economic Development and Commerce — confirmed in a letter to the governor that he helped find jobs for both after he became a commissioner., During his childhood in Red Bank, the youngest child of a traveling bathing suit salesman sometimes used a shotgun to shoot rats near the family's chicken coop. "A Huck Finn existence," he used to say. O'Hern became mayor of Red Bank in 1969., That means people with permits can pack concealed guns, said Di Saunders, spokeswoman for the university system., TRASH TO TREASURE — Messiah Lutheran Church will have its annual Trash to Treasure Sale 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. today, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Friday and 9 a.m. until the merchandise is gone Saturday. Sue Nerlinger said the event is at the former Blockbuster Video store at Fairview Shopping Center, 21849 Lorain Road., "Nokia is at a critical juncture, where significant change is necessary and inevitable in our journey forward," Elop said. He added the company was aiming at "regaining our smart phone leadership, reinforcing our mobile device platform and realizing our investments in the future.", She knew Lindsey's family, knew he went to John Hopkins Middle School. It was 2007, and Lindsey and Richardson's oldest daughter were in the seventh grade., A call to Angela Murillo, who is listed in the police report as the person responsible for the dog, was not returned., An expert on elections, reapportionment and government reform, Mr. Hodson wrote articles on California politics for academic journals and newspaper op-ed pages. He was quoted often in The Bee and national newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times and New York Times., Democrats as whole would have been better off, if they had taken the advice of legendary Tammany Hall boss George Washington Plunkitt, and indulged in a little honest graft, once described by Plunkitt as pursuing "the interests of one's party, one's state, and one's personal interests all together.", NOFA at Princeton, They ended their statement with a tribute to Chasse, a "painfully shy" man who preferred comic books about superheroes over talking., After coming home from work, I turned on the treadmill but did a mediocre job of following Siebert's plan., Cricket needs a home willing to give her that special care and love she needs., He's already running ads in both Iowa and New Hampshire - positive spots that highlight his economic record - but he's not yet on the air with the heavy levels that usually come at this point in the campaign, as voters start paying attention., (Name redacted) is sponsoring the Rascal Flatts American Living Unstoppable Tour and dressing the band with looks from its American Living line. Rascal Flatts will be performing in Portland at the Rose Garden on October 30 and in anticipation of the concert, the band's clothing stylist, John Murphy, is available for an interview to tell your readers how they can rock the band's look with trendy All-American styles from (Name redacted) American Living Line., Pulling the mask from my eyes, I suddenly felt extremely exposed. We were snorkeling in the waters off Palawan province in the Philippines, and the 82-foot blue-and-white bangka boat that was our home for five days was too far away for a quick escape., "Lifeboat," 1944, -- Michael Serbin,, A group of local writers and artists volunteered to help him prepare his manuscript for printing., Whether you're hosting a fancy Super Bowl soiree or just a great dinner party, jazz it up with contemporary glasses, decanters and barware., But getting back to business and strictly business, Pujols will help a team that's been known as the Los Angeles Angels, the California Angels, the Anaheim Angels and, finally — for now — the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, strengthen its identity in Southern California. With the Dodgers going through their own issues, the market is clearly there for the taking. The news of Pujols' signing alone will spur ticket sales. You'll also hear how Arte Moreno — the team's Mexican-American owner — is keenly aware of the importance of having Latino stars on his roster. So, that's a win, too., "It is not because I feel disheartened," he said. "I am committed to playing my part in the just cause of Tibet.", The husband of Woodland fraud suspect Shari Brentin was arrested Friday and charged with first degree theft by deception., Yet Bowers and Kerber agreed the benefits of using a single firm outweigh any negative effects. The method links construction with operation to create a smooth process, Kerber said. Ownership of the plant will remain with the city., New May Wah Supermarket: 707-719 Clement St. (at Eighth Avenue), San Francisco. (415) 221-9826., Weaver (4-0), a California native who played at Long Beach State, began the ninth by quickly retiring Jamey Carroll on a routine fly and striking out Denard Span looking., Black Hair Wigs, In many ways, the text had become my own experience of fleeing Nineveh, the legendary Assyrian city in the story. God calls Jonah to head there to proclaim judgment against the city. Jonah declines God's invitation, and instead takes a cruise to Tarshish, a seaport in the exact opposite direction of Nineveh. As everyone knows, this lands Jonah in a heap of trouble. God hurls a wind upon the sea, causing a storm that even turned crusty old sailors into a bunch of scaredey cats., In 1962, he was barred from reentering Turkey after being accused of trying to smuggle out ancient coins. Not long after, he was accused in Italy of trafficking in looted antiquities. Italy's highest court eventually exonerated him for lack of evidence., Complicating the situation, neither department is certain how many officers will leave before Jan. 1., Never mind that the cuisine has seen its ups and downs. The Cliff House - an undisputed San Francisco institution - is the sure winner of this square, which runs from the outer avenues in the Richmond through Ocean Beach. And with the exception of the newly refurbished Louis' and the restaurant at Seal Rock Inn, there isn't much in the way of competition., I'm totally, obsessively pro-life but I don't like to use the word "murder" to describe abortion because I'm concerned about how that makes the young women I've met feel after they realize their mistake., A lot of this bank uneasiness is flowing down to business in the form of tight credit <U+0097> a big reason why so many companies are sitting on cash., Sonny the husky and I wandered the wrack line of our local beach after a fierce storm. We were cruising south, inspecting the interesting detritus when we encountered an immobile cormorant apparently in the final stage of life., The apartment market is one area expected to take a hit., School officials at Lindburgh Elementary School in Palisades Park spent this weekend readying plans to help students and staff deal with their grief., "Don't just sit there and suspend someone, and then they come back to school and you're wondering why they're fighting again because the problem has not been resolved," one student said., Ali’s mother died on Wednesday., Nice Ride riders, who tend to be dressed in work or street clothes, have been criticized for not wearing helmets. But Dossett said there has not been a single injury to a Nice Ride biker., Mate and his crew applied for permits from the National Marine Fisheries Service to test acoustic devices. They expect to earn approval, in part because they plan to keep the noise to a level that carries no possibility of injuring the animals, simply of altering their behavior ever-so-slightly, Lagerquist says., Without a director, the consumer financial bureau could not draw up new rules to guard against abuses in the non-bank lending industry, which includes payday lenders, a number of student loan companies, and mortgage brokers who are not directly employed by banks. That meant the agency, which opened in the summer, could not ensure that mortgage brokers are disclosing the terms and fees associated with their products, according to the White House., Reggie Dotson, Ameristar's regional public relations manager, said the 24-hour casino's security team routinely patrols the garage, but Bradley was not readily visible in her vehicle. The garage does not require guests to get a ticket on the way in or out of the building., But the council will also fill some board seats, and some members appear open to putting retreads back on the payroll. Bad idea. A revolving door won't do., After a four-day trial, a jury midday Thursday acquitted Perko of all the charges, allowing for his immediate release., The city plans to rehab these properties and convert them into family homes in the future., Like much of Camden, a city that consistently ranks as one of the nation's most impoverished, the corner of the Parkside neighborhood where the fire broke out is a hodge-podge of businesses and homes, some vacant and some occupied., TRENTON — A city resident convicted of sexually assaulting his girlfriend’s two little girls was sentenced to 34 years in prison Thursday., Kimberly Denise Ford of Cleveland, who is on oxygen, said she waited in line for three hours in 2009. She said NACA counselors told her they had gotten her a modification that would cut her more than $900 mortgage payment in half and prevent her from going into foreclosure, but hey hadn't. After months of calling -- being given a different counselor each time -- no one could tell her why the organization had not made good on its promise, she said. She ended up going to ESOP, which got her a mortgage she could afford., Black Oregonians are particularly vulnerable to recession, says Gibson of Portland State., Anne Tachovsky, Analysts said the move by the son - or by whoever might be choreographing his succession - to first be installed as head of the military reflected the importance of its allegiance., "He's done a great job for us," Chisholm says., Nathaniel Mark, Who should get vaccinated?, The Berkeley team is also focusing on a more recent period of mysterious climate change called the Younger Dryas that began about 13,000 years ago and lasted a little more than 1,000 years. Global average temperatures in the beginning of the period fell quickly by a full 5 degrees, and scientists now call that time "The Big Freeze." Then, within 1,000 years, the Earth suddenly warmed again by as much as 18 degrees., Two stocks rose for every one that fell on the New York Stock Exchange, where consolidated volume came to 5.4 billion shares, compared with 5.2 billion Tuesday., The number of people who are prevented from committing suicide off the bridge is hard to pin down. The bridge district says 51 to 54 for each of the past four years. But those are only the people it knows about. Officers who patrol the bridge stop and talk to anyone who looks even remotely forlorn or out of place. Bridge officials won't discuss how many people are involved or give details about patrolling. Suicide prevention comes under the greater concept of bridge security, which became sensitive information after Sept. 11, 2001., "We just have to do a better job of taking care of the ball," coach Byron Scott said. "Sometimes, we get in the habit of trying to make these home-run passes and we just have to make the simple plays.", The first phase of construction will allow the school to function as a full-fledged high school when it opens, Deichmann said. The second phase would include a theatre, a second practice gymnasium and additional classrooms and other facilities., However, it wasn't an easy transition from transportation hub to food hub - in San Francisco nothing ever is. The magnificent Beaux Arts building with a clock tower similar to one in Seville, Spain, was built in 1898 to replace the wooden Ferry House erected in 1875., Start with our recipe for Vanilla Buttercream Frosting (page L4) or another white frosting. Mix in food coloring a drop at a time to achieve anything from a delicate pastel to vivid color. Kitchen specialty stores and baking supply stores often have a range of colors beyond what you'll find at the supermarket, and of course you can mix colorings to make your own tint. Gel and paste food colorings are more intense than liquid versions., The truth is there are many forces that push us to do more. There are the performance measures that typically give doctors good grades for ordering tests, rather than for not ordering them. There is the legal system that will punish us for underdiagnosis, but not for overdiagnosis. There are the demands from patients seeking to get their money's worth from insurance after years of being taught to believe the best medical care is the most medical care. And there are the financial rewards: Most doctors, and/or the clinics and hospitals they work for, are paid more if they do more., Thanks to her outstanding effort against Oakville, she'll get the opportunity to see what she can do against her buddies. Dynis had a game-high 23 points to power the Vivettes to a 50-37 victory over the Tigers., Scheduled to land on Mars Aug. 5, the nuclear-powered, MiniCooper-sized rover will use its robot arm to sample and analyze Martian soil and rocks for signs of life. The rover is expected to function for two Earth years, or one Martian year., The Detroit-based automaker filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection June 1, with the U.S. government providing the financing for it to exit as a leaner, stronger company., CBS -- NCAA Division I tournament, third round, tripleheader, teams TBD, at Columbus, Ohio; Omaha, Neb.; Nashville, Tenn.; or Greensboro, N.C., Here’s more on the first week of the Tournament:, Officials said al-Qaeda intended to detonate a sophisticated underwear bomb on a U.S.-bound airplane around the one-year anniversary of Osama bin Laden's death. CIA operatives seized the bomb before the bomber had selected a target or purchased tickets., Since no roads will be closed, there is no official detour for this phase of the project. Any alternate routes would be best decided by drivers based on their destination, said Nathan Riggs, spokesperson for INDOT, Greenfield District., Along those sinister lines, the unprovoked elbow "World Peace" delivered to the head of Oklahoma City guard James Harden Sunday afternoon at Staples Center could also exceed the generous latitude accorded athletes in the "heat of the moment.", Pucci, An affidavit said the woman dated Terc for a few months and had recently broken up with him. Terc had been upset and was following her around, and threatened to kill her new boyfriend and his father, the affidavit said., Views of gay marriage also tend to be "generational," Obama said, telling Robin Roberts of ABC that most young people he has met -- even very conservative Republicans in college -- tend to be more accepting of same-sex couples., Terri Horman is the last known person to have seen the second-grader, who disappeared from Skyline School on June 4. Investigators have not named any suspect or person of interest in the case, though Kyron's parents have repeatedly said they believe Terri Horman is involved., Sick of the sweaty, fluorescent-lit, loud-music gym scene? Don't want to cough up dough for memberships you'll never be able to cancel short of divine intervention? Try getting fit at the park. Or the beach., In August, the board of directors heard a presentation about the new "Translational Portfolio" - a list of 43 experiments considered the best hopes for a breakthrough. The projects target 26 different conditions including sickle cell, diabetes, Parkinson's, Huntington's, Alzheimer's, autism, damaged heart tissue and AIDS., When Gibson had her class read a play, the boys were hesitant at first. Eventually, they fought to read parts, even the female roles., One body was recovered from the wreckage. A medical examiner still has to officially confirm the identity, but investigators believe it was Wejebe., Donated food supports the Harvey Kornbloom Jewish Food Pantry., CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Cleveland boosters want a big-deal park to match the cutting-edge medical mart and convention center proposed for downtown., -- Mix Maple Spice Yogurt for the Christmas brunch fruit salads; refrigerate until ready to use., Anderson read literature, wrote for his uncle's paper and competed in sports, excelling in baseball., Goldman Sachs's legal troubles have brought unwanted attention to CEO Lloyd Blankfein. Blankfein addressed Goldman Sachs employees in a voicemail sent out Sunday, according to a transcript of the call obtained by The AP., Descriptions ranged from simply a blue-green fireball to a yellow fireball with a red center and a trailing blue-and-white tail., HARRISBURG -- After obtaining a new permit to pump from the Willamette River, the city of Harrisburg is having a debate over its bad tasting but cheap tap water., The company said system sales fell 25 percent to $40.7 million. Revenue from professional services, maintenance, and transaction processing all increased. Its contract bookings fell 8 percent to $194.6 million., The Fremont resident and friend Sam Modrall of Newark discovered the badge and dozens of other historical remnants from San Francisco in an unlikely place: a former Southern Pacific rail yard in San Jose that previously served as a dump when San Francisco jettisoned its trash as the city began to rebuild after the 1906 earthquake., The victims, identified only as one man and one woman, were found as rescue crews battled the fire in the 100 block of Red Hill Road shortly before 7 p.m., Monmouth County First Assistant Prosecutor Peter Warshaw said., Nagbe said he could have continued to play, but he would've risked a far more serious injury. The team's medical staff decided on surgery now to repair the injury and minimize how much of the regular season he'll miss., The Republican takeover of the Ohio House means that Rep. Bill Batchelder, the arch-conservative Medina Republican first elected to the House in 1968, is expected to become Ohio's 101st House speaker. House Republicans controlled the Ohio House for 14 years until 2008, when Democrats netted seven seats to seize control by a 53-46 advantage., Tressel<U+0092>s 10-year reign as coach of the Buckeyes ended in disgrace as he was forced to step down for breaking NCAA rules. He knew players received cash and tattoos for autographs, championship rings and equipment and did not tell anyone at Ohio State nor the NCAA what he knew for more than nine months. NCAA rules <U+0097> and Tressel<U+0092>s contract <U+0097> specify that he must disclose any and all information about possible violations., But it could cost taxpayers millions more. Dozens of National Guard soldiers from four states have sued KBR since 2008 claiming the contractor knowingly or negligently exposed them to a cancer-causing chemical at the Qarmat Ali water treatment plant. Among them: 26 Oregon Army National Guard soldiers who arrived at the Iraq plant in late May 2003. They claim breathing, stomach and skin issues result from their exposure to hexavalent chromium., The list of oppositional traits grows chapter by chapter in this discerning inquiry into the rollicking life and indelible work of this volatile, influential and enigmatic artist., that his parents have spotted a better child. That ought to inspire the little ones to change their ways - or, more likely, to want to exchange their parents., Grader said the biggest danger now is when herring season begins Sunday in the bay. Any oil sitting on the bottom of the bay could get on the nets and foul the fish, so he is asking Fish and Game officials to conduct more testing in herring fishery areas., Blumberg was particularly interested in what came to be known as extremophiles, those organisms that can live in unusually hot and arid or exceptionally cold environments. He reasoned that they might provide a model for the types of life that could develop elsewhere., Wrong city: In reporting last column that former Parma Mayor Dean DePiero is now working as a part-time magistrate in mayor's court, Tipoff took screwing up to new heights., Bobby Jordan*, Dori Mittinger, The world record she broke belonged to a woman old enough to be her mother — a 44-year–old German who squatted 209 pounds., At the same time, critics have accused Christie of turning the agency into a patronage mill where morale among the professional staff has been hurt by the ouster of longtime employees in favor of the governor’s political allies., Dave Bolland and Jonathan Toews have said they hope the league makes a strong statement with a stiff suspension for Torres, who has been suspended twice and fined once in his career for head hits., "Most of them will keep growing until the temperature reaches the low 20s," Trinklein says., Paula Poundstone The comedian -- known for, among other work, regular appearances on NPR's "Wait Wait ... Don't Tell Me!" -- returns to town in a fundraiser for Friends of the Multnomah County Library. 7 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. Saturday, Aladdin Theater, 3017 S.E. Milwaukie Ave.; $30, 1-800-745-3000, ticketmaster.com, Faced with Christie’s $29.3 billion budget plan that would cut many popular programs, top Democrats today said they could spare senior citizens and disabled residents by imposing a one-year income tax hike on those earning at least $1 million., Prices: Appetizers, $8.50-$12.95; en trees, $16.95-$42.95; dessert, $8.95-$10., Robin Blair does what she can to help her plants thrive. She plants them in good soil and keeps the weeds away., Talk about not caring about the people who don't care about you., While the Kirkland has all of the characteristics that make New Zealand sauvignon blanc unique, it's on the tamer end of the spectrum. A zesty, flavorful wine, it's much softer and easier to drink. It has a clean, minerally aroma with layers of zippy lemon, lime and grapefruit flavors. This is a crisp, medium-bodied white with a 13.5 percent level of alcohol and a refreshing acidity. It goes well with the pasta and asparagus recipe and also makes a good pair with fish and chicken., "I have just put my toes into the water," he said., "That is a man I'll admire and want to emulate while you extol a criminal without the character to lead a Christian life., "It has been my dream my whole life to have my own business but also be a part of something where I am connected to the community," Philip, 43, said. "I've been working with a homeless shelter raising money and also coordinating volunteers. Being successful in business and giving back is something I also talk about when I consult with companies.", Helen Butler Graphics of La Habra and Graves Advertising Plus of Fullerton have merged, consolidating their North Orange County advertising agency business. The agency name will operate as Graves Advertising Plus., The Buckeyes broke a 14-year victory drought at the Big House. Ohio State quarterback Craig Krenzel got his first start against Michigan in 2001, completing 11 of 18 passes for 118 yards. The native of Utica, Mich., was solid against the conference's No. 1 defense., For players, it's a chance to get them closer to their non-gridiron idols., When: July 14-15, Highlights from the survey include:, "Yes he did," Kellogg said. "High Piston C, designed for myself or Walt. D.J. hit me and I knocked it down.", In addition to Woodyard and Oklahoma Joe's, the hourlong episode includes Fiorella's Jackstack, BB's Lawnside, LC's and Rosedale's, with detours to Stroud's Oak Ridge Manor in the Northland, the Savoy Grill, the Cigar Box and Town Topic., "What we have with this ball club is that our pitchers shuttle between third base and the mound," Kiene said. "Our catchers also play left field when they're not catching. It works out well for us with Taryn Pena and Katie Kasubke doing that for us. Both do such a great job handling the pitchers as well.", Should you think things couldn't be all that bad, consider that today's adults may make up the first generation in U.S. history whose children will have an average life expectancy lower than their own., Overseas markets rallied as investors became more comfortable with China's recent moves to tighten monetary policy. China is making the moves, such as forcing banks to hold more reserves, to discourage excess lending., The governor’s office would not respond to inquiries about what CMAQ funds could be used for or if any projects that meet those requirements remain unfunded., He made tough decisions only a cold-eyed non-car enthusiast would, such as selling Ford's European premium brands and its stake in Mazda so it could focus on its core "blue oval" mass-market cars., A slew of measures have been floated recently but according to Booker and city council members, each idea is less plausible than the last:, "Carondelet is a great neighborhood and we're really happy to be building there this year," she said., Central Indiana campus (Indianapolis): 2 p.m. Saturday., Claudia Ledesma, who operates a vacation rental in the North Shore community of Haiku, was among the first to be contacted., Reese was non-committal on the possibility of bringing back former Giants WR Plaxico Burress when he is released from his illegal gun possession prison sentence this summer., "We're paying a lot of attention, but we really don't understand," wrote on user from the coastal city of Xiamen. "Are we rule of law or rule by law?", Several people reported spotting the boy with Hall in the Puget Sound area earlier Thursday. Police asked the public to be on the lookout for Hall's black 1993 Dodge Caravan. They say the van "is no longer of interest" in the case., ANGELS WIN TWO GAMES IN CHICAGO, The scrutiny of Chongqing spending was launched after Mr. Bo was ousted last month but was little noticed until this week. Shares in Hong Kong-listed Chongqing Rural Commercial Bank Co. stock dropped 14% over two days after a local newspaper reported the additional scrutiny over the weekend. The bank said it has strong capital and risk-prevention measures. Its shares rose 2.5% Wednesday., How life has changed: “My recent success has come from me thinking of all of the people in the world who can’t even run or workout and here I am complaining about it… I always tell myself I run for those who can’t, and I always dedicate all of my runs to my Grandpa who passed from Alzheimer’s in April 2010,” she says. “I also now know that I can do absolutely anything that I put my mind to, no matter how hard it is.”, back on its feet in a hurry. The Winterhawks won 50 regular-season games and a Western Conference championship last season, and then backed that up with 49 wins and another conference title this season., Makes 4-1/2 to 5 cups, enough to top-coat 4 to 5 dozen (3-inch) cookies., 2011: 49 tackles, 13.5 TFL, 9 sacks., The wide variety of floor plans, with prices starting in the $170,000s, has attracted many empty-nesters looking to downsize or those desiring a golf community and maintenance-provided neighborhood. Those desiring a custom-built home can work with the community architect., The Bombers were all that and a bag of chips in beating Metro League rival Lutheran North 70-42., PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla. - Brian Harman, the first alternate, made his debut in The Players Championship and shot 73. It was a round he won't easily forget, for reasons not the least bit related to his score., "We always stress that this is the church of Jesus Christ -- that of the Lord Jesus and not that of the Lord Pope," Fischer said after a Palm Sunday service in his parish in Paudorf, a village near Vienna., Monae's aunt, Patricia Marshall, who identified the body at the scene on Sunday, said it was important that Russell speak at the funeral, even if he avoided the issue of the officer's potential involvement. "Just his presence will let everyone know that he doesn't condone what happened," Marshall said. "It's not his fault.", The EMTs continued CPR en route to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and was pronounced dead at the hospital., One of the largest public technology projects in California history is history., The two met again when Miller joined the "Raising Sand" touring band. Plant enlisted his aid with "Band of Joy" when a planned second album with Krauss fell through., Teresa J. Farney of the Colorado Springs Gazette contributed to this report., No more station wagons; the group traveled by bus. Except for Brown, that is., Not to mention the local craft beer at Fountain Square Brewery or the honey wine at New Day Meadery., Kalil is the fifth player the Vikings have drafted in the first round out of Southern California. The others: Ron Yary (first overall in 1968), Steve Riley (25th in 1974), Joey Browner (19th in 1983) and Kenechi Udeze (20th in 2004)., The slippery word here is <U+0093>sensible.<U+0094> Buffett tries to ignore the reality that a person's definition of <U+0093>sensible<U+0094> is liable to change if Uncle Sam reaches for more of the potential payoff., Currently, the township has three pumpers, one tender/tanker and one brush/off-road type vehicle, Miller said., Master cards were swiped 56,000 times to pump $2-million worth of fuel, the audit found, and another $1.2 million in fuel was pumped using the manual bypass. In most cases, there was no paper trail showing why the backup was used and for which vehicle., The vibe: There's an Old World-meets-New World feel at Korbel. The original red brick winery, now offices and a stop on the tour, looks like a chateau (a real one, not the Napa Valley kind), complete with a rose garden growing some 250 varieties. But the huge old redwoods around it plant Korbel squarely in Northern California. The tasting room is new, elegant and professionally run, and a deli offers gourmet sandwiches and salads and space to eat them either inside or outside., Authorities are offering a reward for information leading to the identification of the suspect. They said all calls will be confidential., But the timing is perilous. It's 1857 - on the brink of the Civil War. In the book's first half, the settlers build up Daybreak and interact with one another - usually generously, sometimes licentiously, occasionally violently. In these chapters, Wiegenstein spells out the challenges that idealism faces with human nature on the frontier. An example:, A clear tent framed the Supper Club Lounge where the Junior-ish set noshed on a bounteous McCalls Associates buffet amid African-inspired burlap-wrapped walls and banquettes, dotted with red blooms and pillows, as DJ Cams set the groove. Twinkling torchieres suspended from the tent reminded SFMOMA volunteer Clara Azulay of designer Edward Nieto's exquisite creations., For example, he said, such a system would inevitably flag posts in which someone joked that if he were stuck in traffic any longer, he<U+0092>d kill himself. Meanwhile, he said, someone with serious depression might not use key phrases that a computer program would pick up., "The biggest issue is what's going on in the markets for the provision of credit, and relatedly, what's going on in the housing market," Matheny says. "While the availability of credit has begun to improve, it's still weak.", We trained our first crop of parent coaches, and including Jan and myself there are five of us. I helped develop classes and wrote the curriculum. I will be supervising the coaches., NEWARK — At least one Newark restaurant hoping to cash in on this weekend's legions of college basketball fans has hit a major roadblock in its preparation and is now in a mad scramble., "We had a 20-year-old's life in our hands," said juror Bruno Ferreira. "We were deciding his fate.", Without ties to the community and the possibility he may have access to the missing money, Thompson would be a risk to become a fugitive and should not be allowed to remain free pending trial, Tammaro said., "We just connected; it was one of those amazing moments," says Sahakian, who took over the shop a couple of years ago and is covered in almost as much snowy-white cornstarch and powdered sugar as the candy he makes., First, he had to wait for the Queen Mum to die; he had asked the royal matriarch for her blessing to tell her husband's story, and she had requested that he wait until after her passing, since the memories of that time were still too painful. And then, the 73-year-old Seidler explains, there was another, possibly even more significant hurdle: "It was the subject matter., When you put it that way, it almost sounds . . . sane., The first two bills were sponsored by the Construction Enforcement Coalition, a group representing construction industry trade associations, labor and state agencies that have been working to address issues in the underground economy and with noncompliant contractors., By this time, the river passage was considered too important to be left to the whims of free enterprise, outlaws and tribal claims. American troops were sent to secure the crossing. They tried to set up a post on the river, but keeping it supplied overland from California was difficult. Fort Yuma was abandoned three times, Clark said., Parkway Drive with Set Your Goals, the Ghost Inside and the Warriors, 6 p.m. Feb. 19, $15-$18., On Aug. 21, a week later, the Hildes returned with their camping trailer and Lucky, their 3-pound Maltese, and discovered Sam Lawson sleeping in the tent., 9559 Laguna Dr, $152,000, Currently a researcher at UMDNJ-Robert Wood Johnson Medical School, Ma and his lab team have spent years studying the roles of proteins, following leads like detectives of the microscopic. Their early research looked at skeletal muscle and how calcium plays a role in atrophy and aging. Then in 2006, they published a study showing cells in older mice were essentially leaking calcium — causing a natural aging process and inefficient muscle function., Diabetes Support: Janet Goodell, a physical therapist, offers exercise tips. 1:30-3 p.m. Wed, May 2. Milwaukie Center, 5440 S.E. Kellogg Creek Drive, Milwaukie; Janet Meirelles, 503-684-0146, "We want people to think, 'I want better things for my life,' and influence others to do the same," Alloro said during a learning session at the YWCA in Cleveland., L.A.<U+0092>s music is as good as it<U+0092>s ever been. It has the serious national and international attention to show for it. And despite the ailing economy, it<U+0092>s only getting better. Here are our picks for the best reps of L.A.<U+0092>s emerging eclectic sound..., the full implications of what he and his $1.75 million have set in motion. He also should clear up a misconception in his campaign literature., The meter district could continue as long as 10 years, with future revenue going toward other transportation projects., Pakistani authorities deported Osama bin Laden's three widows and his children to Saudi Arabia early today, less than a week before the first anniversary of the U.S. raid that killed the al-Qaida leader in his hideout., SACRAMENTO — As the sun set behind Monterey Bay on a cool night last year, dozens of the state's top lawmakers and lobbyists ambled onto the 17th fairway at Pebble Beach for a round of glow-in-the-dark golf., If any of you have had an experience where you nearly lost the chance to live, did the euphoric gratitude eventually dwindle? Did you revert to old, convenient habits? And in the case of the New Year, how long until we find a way out of the new gym membership, or become too burdened to spend more time with our families or that really-annoying-friend-who-needs-someone?, Earnings season starts with aluminum producer Alcoa Inc. on Monday. The company's stock rose 1.9 percent ahead of its report. Other companies scheduled to release results next week include banking giants JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America Corp. General Electric Co. and chipmaker Intel Corp. are also scheduled to report earnings next week., To keep up, she said, Yahoo needs to be able to offer its own highly personalized services -- including online shopping recommendations and search tools that can anticipate what users are looking for. To pick out patterns for such personalization, Toth said, Yahoo needs to analyze a larger set of data on user behavior., The colleges found Dunmore. Mostly because he scored well enough in the decathlon to make people notice. Also, because he played both ways in football and all five positions on his high school basketball team. Because of it, Dunmore made the Parade All-American team., There was his father’s miracle run to the 1987 Final Four with Billy “The Kid” Donovan and the Providence Friars. The 1996 national championship with Kentucky. The six Final Four berths. NBA stops with the Knicks and Celtics., While the Seattle Seahawks won the NFC West with a sub-.500 record, the rest of the playoff field was stacked with top-tier teams. In the AFC, the wild-card teams had 11 (Jets) and 12 (Ravens) regular-season victories. In the NFC, they had 10 (Packers) and 11 (Saints)., On a few of this album's early songs, a perplexing amount of digital effects are applied to Underwood's vocals, processing she neither needs nor benefits from, even if it is par for the course for other country singers. She may be unhappy, but hearing her tense up is half the fun., Traffic volume is expected to soar along with the expansion of technologies such as Internet-connected televisions, navigation systems and video streaming., Last month, Christie said he would let the full tax kick in, but today he said he was looking to lessen the tax burden to businesses by reducing unemployment benefits., Xfinity Live, my first stop, is a trek, far from downtown Philadelphia. Though sandwiched by Lincoln Financial Field, home of the Eagles, and Wells Fargo Center, where the 76ers and the Flyers play, the buildings are far from each other, separated by vast parking lots and industrial zones. The walk from the subway station is so long it recalls those long excursions in Orlando, Fla., from parking lots to the theme parks., Bradford, in his first season with the Terps, was a replacement for Don Brown, who had served as defensive coordinator under Friedgen. Edsall had been impressed enough with Brown — who employed multiple blitz packages — that he wanted to retain him., Henkel said the school's mission is simple., One of 50 children and the 17th son of Muhammad bin Laden, a wealthy Saudi Arabian construction company owner, Osama bin Laden was born in 1957. He received a degree in civil engineering from King Abdul Aziz University, but shortly after the Soviet Union’s invasion of Afghanistan in 1979, he left behind a life of privilege to fight the Soviet occupation., 2008: School officials begin an investigation into misuse of school construction money., Robinson? He held on to 20 pulps. An N.C. Wyeth cover. A Leyendecker. An upgraded copy of the first Weird Tales (August 1939) that he bought off the newsstand. An Indian cover. A logging cover from Complete Stories And no Spicys, no Terrors, no Horrors, no gallery of space ships., "Coach Petrino was involved in a motorcycle accident on Sunday evening that involved no other individuals," the statement said. "He is in stable condition and is expected to make a full recovery. Our family appreciates respect for our privacy during the recovery and we are grateful for the thoughts of Razorback fans at this time.", Vanishing act, II: Cleveland road crews also headed east to patch Circle Drive near University Hospitals after reading the weekend column., "If we're talking about three seasons at TCF Bank Stadium, this is an issue that's going to have to be sorted through," he said., Casa de Mi Padre is at its best (a relative term, mind you) when it's at its silliest and most surreal: the appearance of a mystical white mountain lion, who offers Ferrell's Armando sage counsel - and who is one of the least convincing animatronic puppets to come down the pike since comedian Soupy Sales conversed with White Fang - provides sublime guffaws. So, too, does a trippy dream sequence, with dolls, puppets, strobes, and a David Lynchian tableau., “It seemed like there was contact with Marty,” Laviolette said. “If there was contact with the goalie, I don’t have a problem with the call.”, Longtime anarchists aren't always sure how the Black Bloc fits into their ideology., The price: $200, Teachers and district negotiators met on May 13 to discuss a contract proposal. The session took place after the last scheduled negotiating session in April ended without an agreement., ST. LOUIS <U+0097> A 5-year-old heart patient who was on a transplant waiting list when he was taken from a St. Louis hospital by his father has been found safe just outside Chicago, authorities said., About O.J. Simpson, forget it. He’s just a pig. About DSK, forget it. He’s just a pig. About Charlie Sheen, forget it. He’s just a pig. About the haircut star, presidential candidate John Edwards, forget it, he’s just a pig. About Tiger Woods a k a the Chosen One? Forget it, he’s just a pig. Even Miss Piggy won’t forget the Mister Piggy who’s Mel Gibson., Another goal for the new year is to start playing golf again., Van Riemsdyk had missed 19 games before coming back for Games 5 and 6 in the first round against the Penguins. He only played a total of 14:16 in those two games, but benefited from a week off before Round 2., Holt 31, Timberland 24, Sunday is a day of reflection, of relaxation, of family, of getting ready for the new week. And the Sunday paper is a special reading experience, one that we thought about carefully as we launched enhancements to the Tribune last month., Plagued by repeated deaths and injuries among patients, Ancora Psychiatric Hospital will be the target of an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice, state Human Services officials said today., 21979 Duns Scotus St., $65,000, "Between the hours of 10 and 6 they basically have to be in their truck, ready to go," he said., "It will take sustained action. This killing is an epidemic . . . Let's join together to put an end to the killing. It will take all of us," said Rev. Jeffrey Lee, Episcopal Bishop of Chicago at Daley Plaza, NBC5 reported., The level changes. The results haven't., 808 Parkfield Terrace, $137,500, She survived, but she didn't thrive. Countless chemotherapy sessions left her sick and weak as the cancer destroyed her body. She increasingly relied on her children as the disease often left her bedridden., On other disagreements, most notably their desire to add a dozen employees to the public- assistance and children's services departments, it's County Council members who need to rethink. By definition, the executive and his team have a far better sense of day-to-day personnel needs. Their judgment ought to prevail. One reason for having a single executive head the new government was to consolidate administrative responsibility and accountability., A handmade book's life starts when it is bound and the pages are blank. They reconnect me with that feeling I had decades ago when books transported me to another place. I am thankful they still do., Toyota's technical center, which employs more than 1,100, is based in Michigan. It also operates a small powertrain facility in Gardena, Calif., and the Toyota Arizona Proving Ground near Phoenix. The center serves as the corporation's research-and-development arm in North America, and is responsible for the development of vehicles that are built and sold throughout the continent., And there are other points of disagreement between the GOP-controlled House and Democratic-controlled Senate, including how to pay for transportation programs and how much leverage the federal government should have over how states spend their aid money. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood has said it's unlikely Congress will pass a final bill until after the November elections., This documentary feels at times a bit like it's trying to stir up the audience's paranoia and the music is frequently a bit overwrought, but the film contains a lot of good information and some guests who make excellent points. If you're curious about the people who are pushing the edges of communication technology and testing security methods, this is a must-see., Rep. Dina Titus, D-Nev., did more than ask. In a private meeting the day after Republican Scott Brown won Sen. Edward Kennedy's Senate seat, Titus used a profanity to describe to Speaker Nancy Pelosi and freshman lawmakers the Democratic Party's prospects in the midterm elections if it ignores the lessons of Massachusetts., PIRG had 260 toys and other children's products from major retailers and dollar stores tested for toxic substances such as lead and antimony as well as for the risk of choking presented by small parts. Four of the items tested violated federal safety regulations for children's toys., 2003 The airport is renamed Hartsfield-Jackson to include the name of the city’s first black mayor, Maynard H. Jackson. Plans are laid to also put his name on the international terminal., An airline that connects small cities with leisure destinations will begin nonstop flights from the mainland to Honolulu in June., "Then, the turnaround happened a couple of times. Paul McCartney has been very gracious in explaining the influence that 'Daydream' had on 'Good Day Sunshine.' I was surprised to find out that Jimmy Page said one of the Led Zeppelin tunes was a rip on 'Summer in the City.' I never noticed it, but he was nice enough to point it out., Santorum, Brown says, appears to be riding the momentum gained from last week's victories in Minnesota, Colorado and Missouri., "I'm feeling much, much better," said Baffert, who gave up his "steak all the time" diet. "I've lost weight, and I needed to lose weight anyway. Every day, I get stronger and stronger. I've been exercising and eating well. I've never eaten so much fish in my life. Things are good.", 'Tis not easy to abide, dudes. To make it easier, three guides. "Anderson & Sheppard: A Style is Born," a chronicle of one of Britain's tailors edited by Graydon Carter and Cullen Murphy (QuercusBooks, $75), reveals how the 1 percent and the HRHs pull off their relaxed Savile Row style., As nicknames go, it's hard to top The Big O., "The Camry Effect": With over 7 million Toyota Camry drivers out there, the company wants the world to know that, yes, even YOU should drive one. George Clooney's narration only drives home the suggestion more., Their first creation was the Apple I -- essentially, the guts of a computer without a case, keyboard or monitor., The dismissal comes three days before Dior is set to unveil Mr. Galliano's fall-winter 2011/2012 collection before the world's fashion critics and retail buyers at Paris Fashion Week. But the severity of the designer's remarks meant Dior had to act, says a person close to the company., "These guys are just young kids," Gujral says, reminding me of my own grizzled perspective. "They're going off to dangerous missions, and we just want to make them feel at home.", Mike Pruitt, Wayne Township Fire Department spokesman, said no one was injured but 10 residents were at least temporarily displaced by the blaze. Twelve units were affected by fire and smoke damage., What does it take to build an Aerotropolis? "You have to create a market where the cost is lower or the access to market is better, and neither of those is really the case in St. Louis," Lindsay said., Clifford said he wasn't embarrassed to see some of the notes he passed to O'Hern in print. But he wasn't sure how others might react., Rose finishes the follow-up to his historic most valuable player season with averages of team-high 21.8 points, team-high 7.9 assists and 3.4 rebounds. He missed 27 games, playing in 59.1 percent of the 66-game schedule., Through that social interaction, citizens also learned what makes officers tick and how best to help them. When a crime occurred, the community and police joined forces to help catch the culprit., A St. Louis County health department spokesman said Tuesday it appeared that Leach’s bill would increase the number of establishments in the county that would be able to allow smoking., $5,539 PER KILOWATT, The Republican governor said he will be "a human pressure machine" as the Democrat-controlled Legislature also takes up 33 bills known as the "tool kit" to help local governments cut costs and cope with the cap., Schlesinger points out that revenue has increased, and the garages are cleaner and safer than under City Center. But parking management has been far from impeccable. An outside review last year warned of lax accounting and tracking practices; in November, the contract was opened up., Three table tennis competitors from the Indian Community Center in Milpitas are trying to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics this weekend in Cary, N.C., CLASS FOR EDITORS AND WRITERS, The borough’s ordinance, if passed, would put a transit easement back on the land that would allow it to be used for a rail line in the future., o"With our team, there is no reason we should be down three games right now," right wing Matt D'Agostini said. "But we are the type of team that is very capable of coming back in this series. There is a lot of promise still in this room and we have a lot of belief in our guys and what we can do, so don't count us out just yet.", The deals: Select from $3 draft beers or a $4 house margarita along with appetizers such as the $1 street tacos, $3.50 bean dip, $5 flautas and nachos that range from $6 to $8, depending on whether you add chicken or carnitas., Novak and Douglass are limited offensive players. (They combined for seven points on 13 shots in their final game.) But they became relentless and accomplished defensive players. Who will take on that role now?, HPV is the human papillomavirus, which has about 100 different strains. Forty types are spread by sexual contact. That makes it the most prevalent sexually transmitted disease in the world., The beach and old villas, How do you fix a lineup with severe limitations, improve an infield of diminishing range, repair a pitching rotation down two starters, and do it in midseason on an inelastic budget?, 1. Leafsnap: Leafsnap, the one app Becky Szkotak has on her iPhone for "horticulture gardening stuff," needs only a photograph of a leaf, cone or fruit to identify its species, rendering high-resolution images of its flowers, petiole, seeds, bark and fruit., The foreclosure rate in the metro area increased to 2.16 percent in October from 2.04 percent in October 2010, according to CoreLogic data., "It is very good enrichment, especially for this specific elephant" because she is so interested, Flinkman said. Other elephants may notice the harmonica but are less interested., Dems' power grab caused loan mess, Brewer said last week that she wants to meet with Obama to discuss border security and immigration when she visits Washington. At the time the White House said Obama's schedule wouldn't allow for a meeting, but that the president wanted to talk with Brewer in the future., Zimmerman's maternal grandmother, Cristina, who had lived with the Zimmermans since 1978, worked as a baby sitter for years during Zimmerman's childhood. For several years she cared for two African-American girls who ate their meals at the Zimmerman house and went back and forth to school each day with the Zimmerman children., The result: The analyst will do a report, based in part on information that the industry deigns to supply. No matter, Democrats and Republicans approved the subsidy 74-1 in the Assembly and 34-2 in the Senate., Details: 7607 E. McDowell Road, Scottsdale. 480-990-2253. Also, 2940 E. Thomas Road, Phoenix. 602-522-0659, glutenfreecreations.com., Some would argue that flogging isn't harsh enough. While this moves beyond the facile belief that flogging is too cruel to consider, if flogging shouldn't be offered because it's too soft -- if we need to keep people locked up precisely because overcrowded jails and prisons are so unbelievably horrific -- then perhaps we need to question our humanity., The reports also singled out Stevenson for not calling the Fire Department to the scene to make sure the Paana home and other houses were evacuated., Some builders are taking more classes and educating themselves about environmentally friendly building strategies, said Dominick Paragano, immediate past president of the New Jersey Builders Association. Others have turned to commercial work to transform spaces for retailers or design offices when companies relocate., While Jobs called the device "magical", many at the time were not sold. Several reviewers, bloggers and other gadget fans criticized Apple for leaving off several features, said Lance Ulanoff, editor of online technology magazine PCMag.com, For example, it doesn't have a built in camera or phone, or the ability to run multiple software applications at once., Asked about recent questions about whether Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Bill Mason may have ignored the corruption, Cordray expressed confidence that federal agents are thoroughly scrutinizing all county officials., Last year, metro area residents woke up to three inches of snow Christmas morning, and an additional 3/10 of an inch fell during the day., But even the state House Speaker, who supported the amendment, expressed reservations about how long it would survive. Speaker Thom Tillis said he expects the amendment to be reversed within 20 years as today's young adults age., The Idaho Board of Midwifery probe that preceded the Goodwins' suspensions highlights numerous instances where investigators said that didn't happen., And where's the money coming from to save the Arena District? From the taxes generated by the casino that had been run out of the Arena District., The administration has not asked for congressional authorization for the Libyan bombardment, even though members in both the House and Senate believe it would have been granted., Summit's company, Bespoke Innovations, takes off-the-shelf prosthetics with the latest advances and surrounds them in personalized "fairings," a term borrowed from the shapely casings that reduce drag on motorcycles., Molly Kodner, a museum archivist who is running the project, won't say what's in it, Kodner said she wants wants the Love-Wilson story to unfold slowly, just as it did during the war. Which means that readers won't find out what happens to them until 2015., Susan Martyn makes $35,000 annually. The couple make a combined $164,500 as state employees., Middle East: Ground Beef Kebabs, "Maybe it's eliminating any medium-density fiberboard -- which is full of gas -- standard paints, certain carpeting and upholstery. Maybe it's using wheatboard cabinets instead of a veneer over (fiberboard), or using stains on cabinets or woodworks that are no-VOC stains.", Our Constitution gives groups like the RMFC the freedom of speech, but also gives us all the right to practice our various faiths. The freedom to practice religion without fear or intimidation is a beacon of light for the rest of the world. In our country, people of all faith groups and denominations, as well as atheists and those who do not believe in religion, all have equal rights no matter their number or political strength., Overlooking the ocean and adjacent to Sea Bowl, Surf Spot has been in the works for four years. The restaurant is led by chef-partner Derek Burns, who will offer a small-plate menu "inspired by surf destinations around the globe.", Late Friday, the Treasury Department announced it was resorting to the final steps in an unusual series designed to avoid exceeding the current $14.3 trillion debt limit. Numerous officials have cautioned that a default will occur if the limit is not increased by Aug. 2, warning also of a calamitous effect on a national economy struggling to recover from the worst recession in decades.., Vicki Berger, a 58-year-old Republican representative from Salem, was one of the 10 tested. Society needs to carefully weigh the costs and benefits of products and seek more scientific study, she said, not impose "willy nilly" bans., Last words: Thought-provoking sign on the front desk at La Jolla Library: "Please do not climb on the counter – This includes adults and imaginary creatures.", Ferreira was walking across the highway, from the west side to the east side, when he was struck, authorities said. He was pronounced dead at the scene., Aside from Kendrick’s two-run homer, he was referring to Iannetta’s two-run shot to shallow right field in the second inning, and Albert Pujols’ RBI double deep to center in the third., But the best reason of all is to show off edible cocktails - gorgeous jiggly cubes, slices or pyramids that you serve like hors d'oeuvres. They're making a splash at bars and restaurants and on the party circuit. Everybody's doing it. They're passed around on platters at parties, featured on tasting menus or incorporated into desserts., Tishman Speyer will start work on two Class A offices in San Francisco and expects annual rent gains in the "high single digits" when leasing begins in 2014, said co-CEO Rob Speyer., A: Both the gold and silver medals are made of pure silver. But the champion's medal is then plated with gold. For the first time, jade also is being used on all of the Olympic medals, to express praise and honor for the Olympic spirit and the Olympic athletes., For example, an executive using PowerPoint to explain a new product would typically move from one slide to the next to explain the market opportunity for the product, the production and staffing needs, and the potential revenue., "Climate change will require a radical shift within design practice from the solid-state view of landscape urbanism to the more dynamic, liquid-state view of waterscape urbanism," says Danai, who is involved in several projects based on this principle. "Instead of embodying permanence, solidity and longevity, liquid perception will emphasize change, adaptation.", The Southern Living Showcase Home in Bellaire - the first in the Houston area - is a model for architecture and craftsmanship as well as a source for décor ideas. The latest in the lifestyle magazine's construction and renovation program, it will be open for tours Saturdays-Sundays through May 20., Many of today's paints - those with no or low volatile organic compounds or VOCs, for example - began their tests in the 1980s, she said., Like an ineradicable weed, the tradition is driven by powerful biology and fueled by exposure to sun and water through deceptively complex roots. And yet, unlike an ineradicable weed, its history includes George Hamilton, Sonny Bono and a staggering number of sons and daughters of California., Then they came back. Then there was a deal. Then the deal <U+0096> the Maloofs recently said <U+0096> wasn't good enough., In 1963, Nixon captured his first national American Motorcycle Association championship at Recreation Park in Windber, Pa., and three weeks later, won at Santa Fe Park in Hinsdale, Ill., On Tuesday, he sent a sharply worded defense to the state agency investigating him, and on Friday he reversed long-standing department practice and warned employees not to speak to the news media., Tigard Area Farmers Market: Vendors sell produce, herbs, plants, flowers, fine art, arts and crafts, pet treats, baked goods, and other food and specialty items. Entertainment, a community booth, and a master gardener booth featured. Weekly 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Sun, May 13-Oct. 28. Young's Funeral Home, Parking Lot, 11831 S.W., Some of the key efforts are:, Gavin Smith, 57, was reported missing about 6 p.m. Wednesday, said Los Angeles County Sheriff's spokesman Steve Whitmore. Smith had last been seen between 9 p.m. and 10 p.m. May 1 at a friend's home in Oak Park, a few miles east of Thousand Oaks, sheriff's officials said., Romney told radio host Brian Kilmeade that he wasn't "going to be too concerned" about the article., To avoid the delta pumps and other diversions, the Department of Fish and Game has trucked hatchery salmon for release in San Pablo Bay., Miller, the president of Produce Row Property Management Co., laments the departure and not just because of the vacancy., True, Kansas City is also not Manhattan. But it's easy to forget just how many attractions can be found inside Swope: the Kansas City Zoo, Starlight Theatre, Lakeside Nature Center, Kansas City Community Gardens, Southeast Community Center not to mention (OK, we will) park amenities like golf and disc golf courses, a pool, ball diamonds, soccer fields and various trails. Get out and explore., Wind, lightning, thunder, torrential rain, torrid Atlanta bats and bad Rockies pitching wrote the story Saturday night at Coors Field., Christie said his nominees would bring "a different approach and sensibilities" to the council and urged voters to "give me a Republican Legislature in November" to bring about change on the Highlands and other issues., "With the increased number of restaurants in the last few years, I think Plymouth has become a hot spot for visitors," said Tony Bruscato, operations director for the Downtown Development Authority., Kerber said the bylaws are clear that a Republican Party official elected by fellow Republicans can't publicly support another candidate from another party., There are even some vending machines that dispense Dippin' Dots, including one at the snack bar at Nashville's Adventure Science Center -- a logical place for a treat that was essentially derived from a science experiment, Jones said., He said when the airline committed to Newport, it was told that it could count on regular business form NOAA, but said that hasn't developed, despite "several different talks with them." NOAA officials could not be reached for comment Friday afternoon., The leader of the Cherokee County Republican Party's Charter School Committee, Danny Dukes, said Thursday he's considering running for school board chairman., Among entrees, the same teriyaki sauce gilds thick slabs of yellowtail, which manages to retain its buttery identity beneath the thick sweetness. Silky black cod fights a harder battle through a swamp of bechamel sauce, a reflection of a Japanese fascination with European creaminess., Suggs, who had a career-high 14 sacks and forced a Ravens single-season record seven fumbles, received 21 of 50 votes for the AP award, beating Jared Allen of the Minnesota Vikings and others to be named Defensive Player of the Year. He joined Ray Lewis and Ed Reed as Ravens who have won the award., Finally, if you're repaying student loans, you may get the 1098-E. This form is sent out if you made $600 or more in interest payments on qualified loans last year. The good news: Depending on your income, up to $2,500 in student loan interest is deductible., FEMA announced in 2007 that it would reclassify most of the flood plain as high-risk because the Army Corps of Engineers would not certify that the levees would withstand a 100-year flood, although they were designed to protect against a 500-year flood. The map changes would mean new restrictions on development and force many business and home owners to buy costly flood insurance., Procter & Gamble Co., the consumer products company in Cincinnati, is again Ohio's second largest corporation, at No. 20. P&G sold $83.5 billion worth of consumer goods in fiscal year 2008. The company also was named to Fortune's "world's most-admired companies" list., The show took its time getting to the "Star Trek" material, and then dwelled on it lightly. Shatner clearly wanted to open up other, less-familiar corners of his "World." There were sketches of his mother and father, a long story about driving a rabbi from Vancouver to Chicago, clips from a movie in which he played Alexander the Great and snapshots, both photographic and verbal, of his current wife and his three daughters from a previous marriage., "The badge has a distinctive design which looks like a real law-enforcement shield on an airport X-ray, thus discouraging collusion between X-ray attendants and baggage handlers," he told me. "Even if the bag is opened, a sneaky thief doesn't have time to read the ID card, and the badge creates a visceral impression of big trouble that will motivate a dishonest baggage handler to close the bag back up and move on to the next one.", But in two Orange County cities - Costa Mesa and Huntington Beach - the number of violent crimes increased in 2008, according to the FBI’s preliminary report of 2008. Violent crimes in Costa Mesa increased by 36 percent, with the bulk of the increase occurring in reported robberies and aggravated assaults. Huntington Beach experienced an increase of 3 percent., The network began less than a decade ago with a dozen cameras installed in Grant Park to deter violence during the annual Taste of Chicago festival. It now includes private cameras as well as those installed by a variety of public agencies., "Hey, Miss Bonnie, wanna see me walk?" he asked. "No wait, hugs first," he said, grinning, as Boenig scooped him into her arms., That is true., A review of tax data compiled by the New Jersey Department of Treasury indicates the state's highest income earners -- in many cases traditionally strong Republican supporters -- would fare best under Lonegan's flat tax., "It's all just so terrible," Barkman said., During saturation patrols, a homicide detective spotted the car and followed it back to Batiz-Aceves' house. When detectives spoke to him, Batiz-Aceves asked for a lawyer and refused a DNA swab., 51.5 percent: The share of full-time accountants who are men., Sputtering passing game: Mannion had just one official completion to a wide receiver in the first half – to Brandin Cooks for no gain. Receivers Cooks, Wheaton, James Rodgers and Jordan Bishop entered the game with a combined 173 catches for 2,180 yards., Coach Byron Scott has hinted the past two days the team might bring back Harris, who played sparingly during two 10-day contracts recently., Why Paul Bunyan wins:, Like when banks actually held on to your money instead of investing it in risky, unsecured mortgages?, "He knew the neighborhood, he knew the customers, he was a real good guy, very hard-working man," Brown said. "He used to call me Shorty ‘cause I’m so short. I was shocked. I had to come up here.", Enter the Great American Road Trip. 10,000 miles. Coast to coast, border to border. All solo, executed in my '99 Ford Explorer Sport, affectionately dubbed Black Betty. The goal of the trip was to leave my life for a while - the ongoing grief and the daily rigors of student-teaching in New Jersey - while honoring my mom. Nowhere was this goal so sharply realized as at the Grand Canyon., "In pink slime, we are looking at a product that is unsavory, but not unsafe -- we don't have any evidence to suggest the ammonia treatment is dangerous," says Sarah Klein, a lawyer with CSPI. "But the public outcry over this has illustrated a couple things: consumers want to know what's in their food, and the USDA needs to take a much closer look at labeling -- not just of ground beef, but of all labeling., But if Roy does handle the ball more, like he did in 2008-09, it will be an adjustment for Miller, an accomplished 11-year veteran who prides himself on being a distributor. Miller and Roy make up the Blazers' starting backcourt., Some markets open two or more days a week. In addition to fruits and vegetables, many also offer locally produced meat, eggs, honey and other food products, as well as the work of local artisans and craftspeople., Teresa Mayes told investigators that after she saw her husband kill the two, she drove him, the younger girls and the bodies to Mississippi, according to affidavits filed in court., ATLANTA (AP) — While a black preacher told 100 immigration protesters that incarcerated blacks and detained immigrants faced similar challenges, Jesse Morgan stood to one side of the May Day demonstrators, holding a large sign that read "Radical Queers Resist.", McCreery, 44, a former aide to ex-state Sen. Joan Bray, then decided to file as an independent. "I wanted to give voters a better choice," said McCreery, who also worked in former Gov. Bob Holden's administration., Elsewhere, other Asian groups that increased their numbers significantly include the Chinese, Filipinos and Koreans., During a news conference, the committee said all of its 10 voting members supported the report's conclusions about Messrs. Hinton, Myler and Crone. But Conservative Member of Parliament Louise Mensch said the committee's Conservative MPs voted against the final report largely because of the line saying Mr. Murdoch isn't a "fit person" to run a global company. Ms. Mensch said the report should therefore be seen as "partisan.", Kelley agreed to cooperate the day of the raids. He, Pumper, Russo and Neiheiser have since pleaded guilty to corruption-related charges. Only Neiheiser is in prison, as he was sentenced to 37 months. The others are expected to testify against Dimora., Supervisors were incredulous at the dramatic change and unanimously approved an audit of Noguez's estimates and his office., "It's about time," Woodson said. "This team is good enough to win games. We've proven we can beat anybody in this league, but it could not have happened to a better group of guys and for the Knick fans. This is what they've been waiting for for a long time, but it's just one game. We still have a long way to go.", He said “we” when he meant the White House, as though they are the same. Sadly, for most purposes, they are., Also order: The baked barbecue pork bun ($2.50/3) is sweet, sticky and soft, but desperately needed more of the filling to balance out the sweetness of the bun. The wrappers on crisp spring rolls ($2.50/3) hold up well against the mushroom and cabbage filling. Other interesting choices range from the steamed beef tripe with ginger and scallion to shark's fin soup., Will MacKenzie had perhaps the most stunning fall. He was alone in first after making a birdie at the 10th, which put him at 15-under. But a bogey at 11, double-bogey at 12 and triple-bogey at the last sent him into the clubhouse with a 73. MacKenzie shared seventh place with three others at minus-nine., oStill, Mourinho conceded that Bayern "deserve to go through.", Howell's best chance to score prior to the sixth inning came in the first when Theresa DeCosty singled to lead off the first inning, stole second and third base and was there with none out., TICKS, Shott is not the first student to receive an award from the organization., group performing for a hardware store’s 1968 Christmas party – but serves as the perfect vehicle for a series of solos and medleys featuring familiar songs like “Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree,” “Santa Claus Is Comin’ to Town,” “Sleigh Ride” and “Santa Baby.”, We are heavily reliant on foreign labor. The right visa program for temporary immigrant farmworkers will improve the nation's security, allow for better control of the border, and will not take jobs away from Americans., 2 Finding Tiny Sum (Ramon Sanchez) 4, These are not regular Legos, the blocks with the raised dots on top that fit into recessed dots on the bottom. Those I can handle with the help of my 3-year-old grandson, Christian . . . if he's having a rare indulge-Pop day., The point, he said, is to curb the federal government's appetite for debt gradually, so it won't have to take drastic steps later. "I really don't think this country will be brought down by an external threat," or by competition from other countries with fast-growing economies, Johnson said. "The issue is, what do we do to ourselves?", Mexican gangsters aren't "going after Americans specifically in any way, either tourists or people involved in that business," said Hugo Rodriguez, head of the State Department's citizens services section for the Americas., Some of the computer models used to predict what the system will do aren’t in agreement yet, said Charlie Foley, a weather service meteorologist in Taunton, Mass.. For Boston, there is quite a spread in potential results., “She’s just out there having fun,” Mike Stoll said. “I don’t know how many times she’s come up to me after a round and said, ‘Did I win?’ Or, ‘What did I shoot?’ It’s not the end of the world for her. She’s just out there enjoying it and playing.”, As it is, the move could intensify the debate in the Legislature over the cost of pension benefits. The state's annual contribution to CalPERS would rise to more than $3.6 billion at a time when the state is facing a $9.2 billion deficit., "We want to make sure folks are rested and safe when they are working," Richter said. "When you have too much availability of overtime it starts to burn out your staff.", The 2008 presidential contest turned out to be the fifth since multi-party democracy was reintroduced in 1992 after a series of military regimes, an election between the two parties that had taken turns holding that office., "One of the worst in history," Dipoto said., Bonifas, 74, founder of Aurora-based Alarm Detection Systems, and girlfriend Janis Christiansen, president of FlagSource in Batavia, were stranded at South Georgia Island near the Antarctic Peninsula for more than a week, after their cruise ship suffered a power failure., Jim Douglas, general manager of the two Pan Pacific hotels at Whistler, said several families who came over Christmas told him they had changed their plans to vacation at Lake Tahoe and Colorado., Echikunwoke wields a British accent that could make the owners of Downton Abbey quail. MacLemore’s Heather restates the obvious with the deep concentration of someone trying to recall a stanza of “Paradise Lost.”, Rider also won 23 games in 2008., The room, a bit bigger than 6-feet square, is part of a large complex of Mayan ruins in the rain forest at Xultun in northeastern Guatemala. The walls also contain portraits of a seated king and some other figures, but it's clear those have no connection to the astronomical writings, the scientists said., The baby did not appear to be harmed and was transferred to the care of the Oregon Department of Human Services, according to Cory M. Cunningham, of the U.S. Marshal's Service. , Knott became purchasing chief in December 2009, a few months after Chrysler emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy., Bradshaw - who also runs relays for the Wildcats - would love nothing more than a double-medal state performance with good jumps in both events., The New Times compilation, "A Line in the Sand: A Collection of Protest Songs by Arizona Artists Opposed to SB 1070," has also been mentioned in SB 1070 articles done by Alternative Press and Fox News., Alexandria, Va., Regarding the NAACP's recent rally for Trayvon Martin in Baltimore, I thought one of the goals of the organization was to improve race relations, not worsen them ("'We are Trayvon,' marchers proclaim," March 27)., 13. Waitin' On A Sunny Day, Oregon's bread-and-butter spread running went nowhere. The Ducks couldn't crack 100 yards rushing as a team. James carried 18 times for 54 yards, which translates into 3.0 yards per carry., Will they simply break down and get married?, The most highly recruited player in Arizona's celebrated freshman class, Turner has combined flashes of athleticism this season with some off-court growing pains., His trial on assorted violations of campaign finance law is, perhaps, not the ideal venue for him to spill the beans about his misdeeds on behalf of Democratic candidates — in that context, he's not exactly a reliable witness. But if he has proof that he or others have broken the law on behalf of Democrats, Republicans or anyone else, the public (and prosecutors) would surely love to see it., "People are independent. They're active in Douglas County. We want them to keep that, but what happens when you fall when you're biking or hiking and you need services for an older person who could use a little assistance?" Sanchez-Warren said., Perez-Gonzalez was positively identified and charged with robbery and aggravated assault, authorities said., Schering-Plough shareholders will get $10.50 in cash and 0.5767 Merck shares for each Schering-Plough share they own. That's a 34 percent premium to Schering-Plough's closing stock price Friday., Michaan's will be offering a number of contemporary Studio Craft pieces in our upcoming May 7 auction, proceeds of which will benefit the Alameda County Community Food Bank. Among these items are blown glass vases, turned wood vessels and pottery jars., On the clock: It's legal to turn right on red at Hudson-Aurora and Stow roads in Hudson . . . except when it's not. When exactly would that be? That's not information the city shares with people on the street., bond., Israeli officials confirmed the account and said Peres wanted to put the matter behind him., "He's someone who has been around this league a long time and has won a lot of football games," says quarterback Sam Bradford. "I believe in everything he tells us, I believe in everything he says in those team meetings. ... I think everyone in that locker room is behind Coach Fisher.", New sleep store opens on Hudson Road, In true Oregon fashion, both appear more willing to join a conversation than lead a crusade. Though they dutifully trade jabs, they mostly seem eager to avoid a no-win bickerfest about pot., He said his efforts were good enough to persuade a vendor at a pretzel shop that he was serving someone from Britain., “It took my sister dying to make me realize the love that was in the community,” he said., According to Washington County elections officials, the special election cost $1.50 for each person who voted, or $4,996, which the district is responsible for paying., In a joint statement late Friday, the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said tests of factory-sealed containers of the formula, made by Mead Johnson Nutrition Co., showed no contamination., Just make sure you do it correctly to avoid more shoulder joint soreness. As with all strengthening exercises, the benefits can be astounding, but the exercises must be done with care., "And yellow is going to win this year. Mark my words!" he added, rooting specifically for the 1980s, yellow carbon fiber monohull Taxi Dancer, which placed in the race's top 10 in 2011., Michael Kunzelman, Associated Press, One night in Atlanta, my telephone rang. It was the novelist Harry Crews. He'd gotten into an altercation with airport security. Could I come and fetch him?, Such crossovers still occur. In late January, a female orangutan at the Metroparks Zoo received an implanted birth-control device from a Cleveland Clinic physician specializing in women's health issues., A number of readers posted links to studies of the effectiveness of prayer in healing. Not surprisingly, some studies assert that it does help and some that it does not. Of course, there are many variables in these studies and it is easy to challenge their validity. Readers went back and forth on their acceptance or rejection of these studies., For the most part, the 60-item list consists of household names. In Chardonnay, for example, producers such as Ferrari-Carano, Chalk Hill, Cakebread and Sonoma Cutrer dominate the list. In Cabernet Sauvignon, it's Matanzas Creek, Silverado, ZD and Flora Springs., Grandview vs. Cherokee Trail, "Steve Sweeney has spent a few rounds in the ring to get to be Senate president. He knows what the fight is like, how to bob and weave, and strike back. Sheila Oliver has not," said Monmouth University pollster Patrick Murray. "This is her first round.", "The brands that get people's attention are the Cleveland Clinic and our health care institutions, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (and Museum) and our sports teams," he said. "So the branding power, the ability to get private investors' attention by leading with private brand interest, is a game changer.", 4. The offensive line will be better, Separately, Indonesia's Investment Coordinating Board reported Monday that local companies invested 19.7 trillion rupiah in facilities and expansion, up 40% from a year earlier., Brendan Maar posted this: This "sacrifice story" is a precursor to the story of Jesus, but for a different reason than simply pointing to the resurrection of Jesus, rather, pointing to the willingness to give a gift as great as the life of your own ... to consummate a relationship that God seeks., Seitz and Oelslager were removed from their committees on Wednesday to get SB 5 on the floor for a vote. As president, Niehaus can remove any Republican from a committee and pick a replacement., But can you point to another country in the region where Arabs have it better overall?, Del. Keiffer J. Mitchell Jr., who also represents West Baltimore, said Bealefeld would be missed. "He was one I've always had a good relationship with, even when he was a major and I was on the City Council. He was one of those rare commissioners that wasn't political.", After days of contemplation, Larry Jones announced Tuesday that Louisiana Derby runner-up Mark Valeski would not start in the Kentucky Derby this Saturday. Mark Valeski’s defection opened the door for the D. Wayne Lukas-trained Optimizer to get into the 1 1/4-mile classic., Ten bat houses can also be spotted along the trail, though they have yet to attract any residents, according to those who maintain the trail., Served 6 to 8, Robert Rubin, owner of the Construction Zone, a Phoenix-based company, used to stage model homes. He said another tip to maximize a home's spaciousness is to downsize things like beds., Democratic candidate Suzanne Bonamici has frequently raised the abortion issue in the campaign, saying that she supports a women's right to choose while Cornilles does not. Until Thursday, though, Cornilles had largely stayed silent on the issue., “There is at least one board member pushing to have the issue revisited,” Saxton said. “I support whatever the board decides on that.”, Biggs played large during a key point in Game 1. With Parkway Central tied at 10 with Borgia, he collected four kills in short order to spark his team to an 8-1 run., ONE 3-YEAR CLINTON TWP./LEBANON TERM, Stoszkus mixed her pitches and kept the Tigers' hitters guessing all game long., Tickets: $10-29, When: Shows will run hourly, 9 a.m.-7 p.m. Friday, 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Sunday, Short Sales: 29, "I'm just so afraid of accidentally colliding with one that the sight of a bike raises such anxiety that I subconsciously react with anger because it's even on the road with me," Doty emailed to Road Rant. Her honest self-assessment emphasized that she's willing to share the road with cyclists. She just worries about doing it safely., Randy Nemetz, a foreign-business specialist for a local manufacturing advocacy group, suggested success might come easier in more stable markets, such as Israel and South America, particularly Brazil., And boy is it needed. Since 1955, Tillamook County has suffered 13 federally declared natural disasters, including five since 2006 when McCraw joined the sheriff's department and got involved with disaster management., Rose was a former parishioner of St. James Cathedral in Brooklyn., NEW YORK -- Sallie Mae says a new law that cuts banks out of the federal student loan business is costing 2,500 workers their jobs., Still, for anyone resolving to lose a few pounds, here are three important tips to follow:, And, even with traditional checking accounts, it'll be tough for most teen consumers to find banks willing to enroll them in checking accounts that cost less than $4.95 per month, the Myplash monthly fee., Attorneys in Cuyahoga County are not assigned as counsel until after indictment and county arraignment. Now that may be quite convenient for the attorney (especially those who benefit at taxpayers' expense from an assignment system to a tune reaching six figures annually), but it's hell on the client sitting in the county jail. And it often means indictments issued that were entirely avoidable., Overall, Hulu is a big improvement over rivals such as Joost, which requires you to download a player that plants itself on your desktop and keeps jabbing you in the ribs with annoying pop-ups and invitations to share content with your friends. When I was settling down to watch an episode of the old ABC drama "Twin Peaks" and tried to remove a Joost pop-up for a credit-card company, I instead got kicked immediately into a commercial for the same advertiser. Not fun., Murray was referring to his team turning the ball over much too frequently at the outset of this contest. A lot of those Pirate errors were the direct result of the Benedictine defense., "California has been resting on its laurels. There's a sense of laissez-faire, a notion of creeping mediocrity that has gotten in the way of this state asserting itself.", 1/3 cup Green Kefir (pomegranate, acai, blueberry), Within days, Isaac insisted he'd been misunderstood, most likely after The Cordish Co. -- the team's development partner -- reminded him that minor league baseball would generate considerable traffic on the 324 nights each year the Blazers aren't tapping the keg., Tarpey, whose father Terry Tarpey Sr. starred at Holy Cross in Queens and is NYU’s all-time leading scorer, enjoyed the opportunity to go up against the city’s top players from Queens., Relievers Will Ohman, Addison Reed, Matt Thornton and Hector Santiago (third save) escaped without yielding a run thanks to the defense. Santiago gave up a leadoff single to Prince Fielder in the ninth and put him on third with a wild pitch and a balk. Santiago also struck out two to strand Fielder., Ostrich Land: 610 E. Highway 246, Buellton. Daily 10 a.m. to dark. Admission, age 13 and older $4; 12 and under $1. Food bowl $1. Info at ostrichlandusa.com or (805) 686-9696., Steele has been named one of "Fashion's 50 Most Powerful" by the New York Daily News and the Washington Post once proclaimed her the "brainiest woman in fashion" (we're sure they meant "person")., "I'm most frustrated because we had several years of inaction by the council on parking, and now they're saying we have to act now - that this is an opportunity we can't pass up," she said., When the Giants bounded onto the stage, the crowd went into a frenzy. The shouts of joy reverberated off City Hall's stone walls. All the players seemed to be greeted with equal enthusiasm., Burress, who played four seasons for the Giants before being sent to prison for nearly two years for shooting himself, was made the Jets’ lone game-day captain — a familiar motivational tactic by coach Rex Ryan. Burress called it an “honor” and a “privilege,” though the loss ultimately brought disappointment to the day., Christie’s budget-cutting moves have been common conservative ideas for decades. ALEC encapsulates many of them in reports written for cash-strapped states: Use line-item vetoes to trim budgets. Roll back pensions and health benefits for public workers. Freeze cost-of-living adjustments. Cut funds for mental health care. Tighten Medicaid eligibility requirements. Transition from institutional care to home- and community-based care. Privatize off-track betting., The upshot? The ICC lived up to its hype, delivering drivers to the finish line long before the competition., However, electric vehicles tend to reduce oil consumption in nearly all regions, the group said., But Tedder didn't do it alone. He didn't have to. Three of his teammates, two of them sophomores, also reached double digits in scoring., Analysts in Argentina say Mrs. Kirchner's policies bear the stamp of youthful leftist advisers centered in a group called La Campora, named for a progressive Perónist politician who was briefly president in the 1970s. The movement revolves around Maximo Kirchner., <U+0093>It's a working quartet,<U+0094> the leader says. <U+0093>We're rehearsing every week, and doing almost all new material, not doing the same old things. I've written some, and Will's written four or five new ones for the Blue Room show.<U+0094>, Dear Mr. Dad: My mother-in-law has an opinion on every conceivable parenting topic. The problem is that those opinions are usually unwelcome and unhelpful. Besides that, every time she's at my house, she insists on telling me (and my wife when she's there) how we should raise our children. What can I do before I snap?, "If the ball goes into the sun, what can you do?" Darvish said through an interpreter., So the opportunity to face the reigning American League MVP and Cy Young Award winner, even on a frigid night in April, is a chance to see how your lineup can handle the best in the game., A group of soldiers seized power early Thursday after a mutiny in a military camp near the capital. Leaders of the group, dubbed the National Committee for the Restoration of Democracy and State, appeared on state television and declared that the constitution had been suspended, the borders closed and all institutions of power dissolved., Inquiring about a “bracket buster” is just a trendy way of asking which team might be this year’s tournament Cinderella. So we’re going to get provincial here and go with the team located only a few miles from Cinderella’s Castle at Disneyland in Anaheim., In a court filing, Chaganti argued that the patient did well on the drug and that when the hospital questioned him about it, he presented a peer-reviewed article supporting his choice., In an interview, Harris said that the crash was so traumatic "it flicks a switch on/off inside of you to where you don't want to be in that situation again.", NBA team personnel are still under the David Stern-imposed gag order that prohibits them from talking about the lockout, or about their team’s players, but the league’s players seem pleased to be getting back to work., He also said the contract would require the city to give Allied only a 30-day notice if it wants to cancel it for any reason., Without the proposed changes, the average employer in July would see taxes go up 58 percent — or $390 a year — per employee, according to the administration. The changes would hold that increase, on average, to 17 percent this year, or $130 per employee and further limit the potential for increases through 2013., Prowler. 4:28 a.m. Monday. 0 block of Bonita Vista., Democrats conceded nothing while they still had a chance. “Let’s go out there and continue to fight,” Speaker Nancy Pelosi exhorted supporters in remarks before television cameras while the polls were still open in much of the country., “I don’t know if we out-toughed them but we stood up to them,” Gonzaga coach Kelly Greaves said. “They’re tough. We knew we had to play that way. … We did right from the start. That was important. We set the tone defensively.”, Andrea Sporck, Interim City Manager Raul Romero was notified by CalPERS last Thursday that he had exceeded the number of hours retired employees may work while still collecting pension benefits. He resigned Monday., On alert, they would wait in a nearby ready room for a "scramble" alarm to intervene in an emergency. Often, they relaxed or slept on alert <U+0096> hence, the "dozing" reference some members used. They also earned full pay for standby duty at home, or even on vacation up to 12 hours away from the base., Q: Which nights are usually cooler, windy cloudy nights or calm cloudless nights?, In theory, the effect of cellphones on driver performance should be relatively easy to determine: Compare crash data against phone records of drivers involved in accidents. But phone records are not easily obtained in the United States, forcing researchers in this country to find less direct ways to analyze the danger of cellphone distraction. The issue is further clouded by the fact that auto accidents overall have been decreasing even as cellphones become more common., More than 3,000 muscle cars and classic hot rods are expected to come to Milford before heading out on a seven-city, seven-day Power Tour cruise concluding June 8 in Arlington, Texas., The fresh-faced stars have been mobbed at shopping mall meet-and-greets, and box office analysts are predicting that their film may rake in more than $100 million on its opening weekend, which would make it one of the biggest of the year, alongside the expected take of "The Avengers" and "The Dark Night Rises.", Most of the money would make up for lost federal funds, and the rest would pay for caseload growth in adoption and guardianship. Without the funding, state officials say, CPS programs would have to be reduced or eliminated., before leaving with one out in the third with what the club is calling a complete tear of his ulnar collateral ligament in his left elbow. The left- hander struck out three and walked two. Greg Reynolds (2-0) took over and picked up the win after allowing three hits and one run in 3 2/3 frames., Q: How does residential real estate look?, But mania goes on in Denver., The Food and Drug Administration, which is investigating the contamination, has not yet identified the source of listeria, said FDA spokeswoman Stephanie Yao. The lettuce recall, Yao said, is not related to the recall of cantaloupes due to listeria., In a 2008 interview with the Medical Board, Corona said he suffered an episode of hypomania three years prior. State documents say that he was prescribed Seroquel by his psychiatrist, but admitted to self-medicating from his sample drugs after his psychiatrist moved away., "At this point, we're still saying natural causes," Chappelle said. "Cliff wants to talk to (Mitchell's) family first before releasing additional details.", A Somerset County man was indicted today on murder charges for allegedly killing his former girlfriend then dismembering her body with a hacksaw., With Antawn Jamison as one of the team's few scoring options and Varejao enjoying an All-Star caliber season, there were only so many minutes for Thompson to develop. But his playing time and his comfortable level in the offense figure to increase. He has good hands and can use both to finish around the basket., “We’e been beaten up a lot about this,” Berglund said, referencing the local teacher’s union., "We will savor this win tonight," James said. "And then we get to work tomorrow and get ready for Indiana.", Lou Vitantonio, president of the Greater Cleveland Automobile Dealers Association, said the continued gains in sales are a good sign., You pass gas about 14 times a day. We all do. Even Dr. Oz does -- not good on the set of the show! (Dr. Mike is writing this column.) Fortunately, most go unnoticed. Otherwise, a four-hour conference with 10 people would deliver 24 wind-breakers. Meeting adjourned!, Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Marianne Wolk expects China's Internet ad market to grow from about $3 billion last year to as much as $20 billion in 2014. Google appeared to be well positioned to pick up about $5 billion to $6 billion of that projected 2014 revenue, Wolk said, because its Chinese search engine has a roughly one-third share -- a distant second to the homegrown Baidu Inc., Led by original guitarist Steve Katz, this long-running, horn-driven, jazz-rock ensemble is blowing its way back into Orange County for a show Saturday night at 8 at City National Grove of Anaheim, 2200 E. Katella Ave. Tickets are $30-$40. Also at the venue this weekend: all-female Canadian metal band Kittie, who play tonight at 7, $18, with opening sets from Blackguard, the Agonist and Bonded by Blood. 714-712-2700 or citynational groveofanaheim.com, 800-745-3000 or ticketmaster.com., The Times says a resounding “Yes!’’, Christmas Dinner and Dance: noon-5 p.m. Dec. 14. The SCW Polish-American Club hosts a Christmas dinner and dance. Held in Summit Hall. Palm Ridge Recreation Center, 13800 W. Deer Valley Drive, Sun City West. $15; $13 for members. 623-546-0657. www.rcscw.com/recreation_centers/receationcenters.htm., In a rare joint statement last week, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch called for a U.N.-backed panel to investigate remaining inmates believed jailed for political reasons. The government hasn't responded., onestorydown.com, Ford says it was the company's best March sales performance since before the recession in 2007., US Airways operates 18 of the older-model 737-300s, but the company said Monday it has been told by Boeing that its jets aren't affected., They will hold a news conference today at Dodger Stadium., Her story prompted Fox News host Bill O'Reilly to suggest that Diaz is the poster woman for millions of undocumented people who flout the law., The spike can be attributed to increases in the number of rapes, robberies and aggravated assaults in the city, the report said. The murder rate remained flat at five., Medical checkups showed his health is good other than three broken bones in his foot suffered when he was escaping form his rural village, a senior State Department official said., Gracie Murphy, now a first-grader, was a little nervous when she started kindergarten last year at Skokie's Devonshire School, but that didn't last long., Just before the first pitch Wednesday night, two MLB attorneys spotted vendors hawking fake goods a few blocks from Busch Stadium. One vendor at 800 North Tucker Boulevard had some 300 baseball caps, while a vendor at Fourth Street and Chouteau Avenue had 800 T-shirts and baseball caps., oThat's been missing for Gordon this season. He is ranked 17th in points with only two top 10s but has led in seven of nine races., The establishment has been stripped of its TVs, pool table, Jägermeister machine and other furnishings, and repeated calls to the bar have gone unanswered. When I stopped by this afternoon, piles of outdated periodicals blocked the entrance., Marsico said Lane is expected to remain in Pennsylvania's prison system., Some believe we should just deport 'em to make them pay for the sins of their fathers and mothers. To where? To their parents' home country where they have no attachments and don't know the language?, And college basketball players sat in the chairs belonging to NHL stars, most predictably oblivious to their surroundings. Although one, Jon Diebler, recognized a few of the names., The Royals built a cushion for their up-and-down bullpen in the sixth., Executive Ed FitzGerald is following through on that pledge. When a reporter asked for a calendar the week of Feb. 14, his spokesman sent over an hour-by-hour account of FitzGerald's past week. When she asked for a calendar Feb. 22, she received a look at the week ahead., They’re planning big, too. After the success of their Christmas house decorating contest, where Capt. Spatero and Chief Rafael Muniz judged more than a dozen houses for awards such as Best Entryway, Most Colorful and Best Overall, they’re planning on a big Spring Fling carnival and fair., "It wasn't tough for me," the Dominican-born Acta said. "I had it made because of guys like that. Those guys had to break the ice. They did it for us.", And he remembers the story about the goodness of the water., I know quite a bit about my family history, thanks to work my grandfather did years ago, and this helped me with entering names and knowing which hints were relevant or not. For example, an Ancestry-suggested hint that a record for Florence Ladley was for Florence Antonia Ford in my tree wasn't accurate. I made the most progress when I called my parents for more names and dates., "Amid a worrisome decline in civics education in our schools and communities, we want to become a resource for the public, and especially students, to learn about their government," Grant said in a press release., Zach Parise put the Devils back on top with a short stroke stuffed into the right side of the net 7:29 into the third period after Elias got him the puck from behind the net. The Devils once again had the Flyers backing up and outshot them 6-1 at the start of the period to take the lead., "The police now think that that was to get his fingerprints," Chaikin told the judge., Fred Karger worked on Reagan's presidential campaigns and went on to become a lobbyist and Republican political consultant. Now 61, he contemplating becoming the first openly gay candidate to run for a major party presidential nomination. The Washington Post's Dan Zak went along on a ride through the snow-covered roads of New Hampshire with Karger., After navigating a windy, dirt road that climbed the long-dormant Mount Batur volcano, she reached the rice-farming community of Songan., CLEARFIELD, Pa. — Mike Spinnler, 52, of Hagerstown, finished sixth overall at the 10th annual King of the Mountain time trial., Dubbed "a midwestern bistro," Frog n Snail is the latest collaboration between chef/partner Dale Levitski and owner Mike Causevic, the duo behind Sprout in Lincoln Park., Gene Millstein, Berkeley, Her diner, where you can get a simple hamburger for $2.50 or an egg and cheese omelet for $3.20, used to be the cheapest place to eat in the neighborhood, she said. But not anymore. Now she sees some of her regular customers heading next door instead., “I guess that just makes her bipartisan, right?” said state Democratic Chairman John Wisniewski., Contributions in memory of Benjamin may be made to your favorite Animal Rescue Shelter., Goings admitted in court Thursday that he failed to report to a probation officer., Colon allowed seven runs on eight hits in seven innings. Wells, who said he was sick the previous night with the flu, allowed two runs in six innings. He's 18- 4 lifetime against the Indians., Romney, who turns 65 next week, served only a single term as governor, and by the standards of most serious presidential contenders, his political resume is short: two statewide campaigns and an unsuccessful bid for the GOP presidential nomination four years ago. Perhaps that is why he sometimes appears so awkward in public, especially when talking about himself and, in particular, his personal wealth., Instead of the baking sun and endless fields of windmills here, it was the orchestra and music director Franz Welser-Most who generated the warmth and sparks in their fourth of six tour concerts Thursday night., Gloucester County’s incumbent Democrat Freeholders Robert Damminger and Giuseppe “Joe” Chila, who won their party’s endorsement last month, could be challenged at the ballot box by Republican newcomers Margie Love and Thomas Thistle for two seats on the freeholder board come November., The fire led to a bill pending in the legislature requiring smoke and carbon monoxide detectors to be installed in most residences. Stamford officials have pressed state lawmakers to pass the bill., Whitbeck was appointed to the court by former Republican Gov. John Engler in 1997. O<U+0092>Connell, who has a Republican background in Isabella County, was elected in 1994. Kelly, who has been considered as a Democratic nominee to the Michigan Supreme Court, was elected in 2008., <U+FFFD><U+FFFD>Men comfortably support the law, 66 to 28 percent, but women are evenly divided at 44 percent on the issue., oOver the next few weeks, he replied to my follow-up e-mails. He was flexible about the scope of the project. When it came to following up with more information, he did everything he said he would. I could tell by the questions he asked, details mattered as much to him as they do to me., By early afternoon, the muddy water had reached the Columbia River three miles downstream, a bolt of brown that signaled the river is already restoring itself., Wilma Webb, former state legislator and first lady of Denver, All six rounds fired were recovered by Fanwood police., Doug Lesmerises' prediction: Michigan State 73, Ohio State 70., And amidst the chaos, winners emerged in the 1976-77 season. Loveland saw visits climb 30 percent, topping 200,000 for the first time. Keystone bumped up 15 percent. But statewide, visits plummeted 40 percent., The problem for the Timbers during the losing streak is their proclivity for allowing goals late in games. Juninho and David Beckham each scored in the final minutes of play for Los Angeles (2-3-0, 6 points), helping the Galaxy snap a two-game losing streak., Democrats split on whether President Barack Obama's administration should challenge the Arizona law in court., Per 1-cup: 98 calories, 4g protein, 11g carbohydrate, 4g fat (1g saturated), 0 mg cholesterol, 3 mg sodium, 3g fiber., Make no mistake. Iran and such proxies as the Lebanon-based Hezbollah are hungry. They desperately need to show some — any — success in their shadow war with Israel and America. But, despite some signs of heightened sophistication, they’re mostly failing. Consider:, Religion/energy use "Religious Perspectives on Natural Resources and Energy Use," a talk, will be at 7 p.m. at Temple Micah Park Hill Congregational Church, 2600 Leyden St., Denver., When they are replaced, about half of the trees will be planted in large pots that can be moved when the Grand Prix returns to Baltimore each of the next four years, Fisher says., Siegel was on the board when it ousted the former CEO, Doug Logan., Closing, he said, is "a tough job, it's like a third-base coach: You don't get noticed until you get somebody thrown out. (With a) closer you don't get noticed until you blow one.", The 1942 Oscar was thought to be lost for decades. It surfaced in 1994 when cinematographer Gary Graver tried to sell it. The sale was stopped by Beatrice Welles, Orson's youngest daughter and sole heir., The ad has generated buzz, with many folks not believing what they are seeing. But, it turns out the actors are real rock climbers, climbing a real rock formation near Moab, Utah. It's all very glorious., Mays (2), Yogi Berra (2) and Andre Dawson (2)., Last year, July was the strongest month for the county, with 4.16 million visitors spending nearly $900 million at such attractions as SeaWorld, the San Diego Zoo, the San Diego Wild Animal Park and Legoland. Mission Bay alone draws about 100,000 visitors each summer weekend., PASSAIC — Debris is blamed for injuring 11 firefighters during a fire in the Passaic home of an apparent hoarder today., "For Rob Williams, this is his first year playing lacrosse, but he was a starting offensive lineman for the football team. The goalie position is not easy, but he comes to practice with a great attitude and his progression has been unreal.", Area qualifiers: 125 -- Old Dominion's Jerome Robinson (St. Ignatius) lost dec. to Jesse Delgado, Illinois, 6-1; Robinson lost maj. dec. to Joe Roth, Central Michigan, 12-3; 149 --Edinboro's No. 9 David Habat (St. Ignatius) lost dec. to Nick Brascetta, Virginia Tech, 3-1; Habat won dec. over Stephen Robertson, Penn, 3-2; 157 -- Eastern Michigan's Aaron Sulzer (Holy Name) lost dec. to No. 9 Justin Lister, Binghamton, 7-3; A. Sulzer won dec. over Bobby Barnhisel, Navy, 8-3; 165 -- Virginia's Nicholas Sulzer (St. Edward) lost dec. to Josh Asper, Maryland, 6-4; N. Sulzer won dec. over No. 10 Cody Yohn, Minnesota, 3-2, OT; 197 --Campbell's John Weakley (Cuyahoga Valley Christian Academy) lost maj. dec. to A.J. Kissel, Purdue, 12-2; Weakely won dec. over B. Toruujav, George Mason, 6-4, OT; Edinboro's No. 2 Christopher Honeycutt (St. Edward) won maj. dec. over Keldrick Hall, Oklahoma, 11-3; Honeycutt won dec. over Dan Rinaldi, Rutgers, 6-3. Hwt. -- Penn State's No. 6 Cameron Wade (St. Peter Chanel) won tech. fall over Quintas McCorkle, Clarion, 17-2; Wade won dec. over Maciej Jochym, Cornell, 8-2; Ohio's No. 7 Jeremy Johnson (Brecksville) won dec. over Cole Tobin, Wisconsin, 5-0; Johnson pinned by No. 10 Mike McMullen, Northwestern, 4:05., 1 small red onion, diced (approximately 1/2 cup), The Hawks took control of the game in the sixth inning, scoring four times on five hits and and error. Wristin had the big hit, a two-run single that pushed the lead to 7-0., "It's a memorial, and we're just going to do the ceremony," said Rick Laney, a spokesman for the museums, who'll be on board. "We'll have a priest, pastor and rabbi along.", For more information, call 908-212-7000, ext. 611. For directions and information about the Jacobus Vanderveer House, visit jvanderveerhouse.com., This is one of four refineries run by Canada-based Suncor. A $445 million upgrade helped Suncor meet regulatory requirements and enabled handling of a wider array of oil-sands crude from Canada., That's what they all say, Mr. Commissioner. And you sit there and call fighting "a thermostat'' for letting off steam before really bad things happen. Again, what are refs for?, So in 2013, the push will begin again to extend the season. It would be a big mistake., 4206 Red Bud Av, $5,500, Anyone who sees someone acting suspiciously or who see vehicles that seem out place is asked to contact Glassboro police at 856-881-1500., "This stuff helps to keep me positive," she said., Clubhouse confidential: Third baseman Lonnie Chisenhall and his wife, Meredith, are new parents. Cutter Chisenhall was born in January. Like all new parents their sleep patterns have been disrupted., Activities: Student Council president and class representative ... Yearbook co-editor ... Math Club president ... student admissions assistant., One blanket for an entire family, Hours are 11 a.m.-7 p.m. Saturday and noon-5 p.m. Sunday., Meanwhile, younger, advanced students at these schools also benefit because they can take high-level coursework, sometimes with juniors and seniors., Greinke (2-1) was flawless for the first four innings. He gave up five runs in the fifth as the Pirates pulled to 6-5, and left after the inning., Last year, the City Council passed a resolution opposing the federal "Secure Communities" program that allowed police to forward the fingerprints of people arrested to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in order to determine whether they were in the country legally. And Baltimore is one of only a couple of places in the country testing a more lenient immigration policy that allows some deportation actions to be halted in cases where illegal immigrants have not committed other crimes., Ortiz also follows blogs that give information on the best deals and ways to combine coupons with discounts., 'Law & Order: SVU', The Obama administration needs the vote of at least one of the five Republican appointees on the nine-member court to uphold the law., Affton's 4x800 also took third with a 10:56.78. That relay consists of freshmen Tori Thompson and Alayna Chapie and sophomores Hairer and Taty Petford., By the end of the episode, Donaghy was won over to the importance of live TV., He plays a young lawyer, a single father and widower with enough conviction to make this spooky period piece credible, though one might wish for more fear in the character and in his performance when confronted by the supernaturally sinister., Protests were held outside the locked doors at other churches, including the Slovak parish at St. Wendelin, the Hungarian parish at St. Emerik and another Slovak parish at St. John. Other nonethnic parishes, such as the massive St. Patrick church, formed the group Endangered Catholics, which won political endorsements in an organized protest against the diocese. Those churches are among the ones ordered reopened., Gladys & Tristan - 24, America's role as a global agent of change is exactly what worries people like Ibrahim Ali, an independent member of Malaysia's Parliament and leader of a rights group for the country's majority Malay Muslims., "Trice and Kearney, they're both real critical to us right now," Izzo said. "Trice is not where he was before his groin injury.", “Well, it’s important that we take care of our homecourt,” he said. “We know how series can be so emotionally draining. You know, one minute you’re down, the next minute you’re up., Baxter did get fined $5,000 and was placed on probation until Dec. 31, but that's essentially a wrist slap. Imagine the fines and repercussions if this were any other sport. In the NBA or NFL, they would have been slapped with a big suspension and probably ordered to kiss the rings of Messrs. Stern and Goodell., By 2005, it had failed so many times that drastic restructuring was required. Cox chose to reopen as an autonomous public charter school that could make its own decisions - an idea embraced by the U.S. Department of Education as a good move for troubled schools., Timothy Cavanagh, a partner at Cavanagh Law Group, suggests that the matter remains contentious because it is a political issue as well as a legal one. “You hear a lot of rhetoric from politicians and the chamber of commerce,” he says, “but we live in a country where the rule of law stands.”, Researchers began work last month at the site of a former convalescent home. A "turf garden" likely will be grown there to allow researchers, government officials and the public to see how different types of grasses look and whether kinds that grow slower might ease the upkeep of vacant lots., Eureka became the first public school since 1999 to reach the Missouri Scholastic Lacrosse Association Division I championship game., the company in a leveraged buyout in 1989, and at the time it had 800 workers in two plants. Shifts in global trading patterns and soaring energy costs forced him to close a sister plant in New Bedford, Mass., in 2007. Today, he watches incredulously as lawmakers seek to threaten China with "tough" legislation that stands little chance of passage in Congress., Some residents believe the community's reputation suffers when people don't make a distinction between the township and the city of Flint. The city is known for a high crime rate and chronically poor finances. A state-appointed emergency manager runs Flint., There are other obstacles to later-life dating. Many people who find themselves alone may have been married -- or in a committed relationship -- for a very long time and they may be out of practice being "out there.", Landslides, flooding, derailments and vandalism took their toll on the Ma & Pa. Once, thieves escaped the scene of their crime by commandeering a handcar., Brady worked at Westchester County Airport, north of New York City. Authorities say he received about $20,000 from a trafficker of the painkiller oxycodone., (On if the West Coast offense looks he wants it to and where he would want it to go)- "There's room for improvement. I think part of that had to do with the offseason not being able to use it. I think some of the things we do are okay. Are we all a little frustrated by our offense right now? Yeah, I think so, but am I surprised? No, it did take some time to really time this thing out. As I mentioned earlier, because we're young I suspect as the season goes along and every time they get one more game under their belt, one more game under their belt, listen to this, practice this, same plays and all that, that you should see a little bit more of an offense with a little more timing, a little more fluidness to it. You've seen this system work before and it works. It just takes some time to get on the same page. I think we were hurt just a little bit by what happened in the offseason, like a lot of teams. You can see it every once in a while out there.", Now fight., Q: I interviewed Brad Pitt, and he said he would never even consider directing. Do you think your experience made him feel that way?, Q: Last year, we're in the middle of a historic election, we're at war, we're on the brink of financial collapse -- and the No. 1 song in the land is "I Kissed a Girl." Why did that song strike a chord at times like these?, <U+0095>600 block of W. 1st Street, drunk in public, The savings rate was unchanged at 4.9 percent of after-tax incomes, the same as March. Both months represented the smallest savings rate since October 2008, the month the country was plunged into a deep financial crisis which contributed to the worst recession since the 1930s. During the recession, Americans worked to build up savings out of concerns that they needed a deeper cushion in the face of massive job layoffs. The savings rate high a high of 8.2 percent in May 2009, the month before the recession ended., "When I got my first paycheck, I almost saw it as a perk," said Emily Kirkwood, 25, a fifth-grade teacher and 1999 alumna of the school. "A lot of kids my age hate their job sitting in a cubicle. I don't feel like I'm coming to work.", An ordinary Wild Mouse coaster doesn't belong in a Disney park and is an embarrassment compared with the Space Mountain, Big Thunder Mountain and Matterhorn coasters across the way at Disneyland. Simply put, the ride should have been removed rather than remade., “It’s basically going to be the same,” Myers said. “The offense is going to be the same, too -- a lot of up-tempo, run-and-gun, pressuring, the same type of things. I'm going to be their lead point guard.”, Haggerty of the Chicago Tribune reported from Madison, Wis., and Muskal of the Los Angeles Times from Los Angeles., o16. Carolina Panthers: They avoided picking for need (defensive line, No. 2 receiver) and went for quality with Round 1 LB Luke Kuechly and Round 2 G Amini Silatolu. If fifth-round CB Josh Norman of Coastal Carolina pans out, this is an impactful haul., The Billikens, like the Badgers, employ multiple half-court sets, rely on a point guard to orchestrate them and, if everything goes according to plan, milk some 30 seconds off the 35-second shot clock. It is no accident that Saint Louis held No. 8 seed Memphis to 54 points Friday in the Billikens' opening round game. That is exactly 20 points less than Memphis averaged per game this season., Nasdaq Composite Index: 2957.76 +1.42, According to the league, the parameters of suspensions for a coach are determined by the commissioner; it could be just for the regular-season game weeks, or it could be handled differently., She says the police never contacted her while her son was unconscious in the hospital or even after he died., The Blazers had one last chance to win in regulation, and coach Nate McMillan even went to an old late-game standby, inserting Roy into the game. Roy did not touch the ball, which went to Aldridge, who drove but could not get his layup attempt to go before the final buzzer., Because concerts in San Francisco tend to start early and on time, dinner is either postponed until too late, or ends up being a quick, mediocre bite enroute., 4t. Fernando Alonso 43, "It's almost like a preforeclosure," Andreas added., Today the independent Internet service providers are allowed to offer only the slowest DSL speeds -- no faster than 7 million bits per second, or 7 megabits, of download speed -- under the traditional arrangement in which the independent manages the service., In taking a fresh look at the case against Brian McBenge, Banas said, Harvey interviewed someone who was not previously interviewed by police in connection with the 1984 slaying of Adams, McBenge's grandfather., When it comes to wearing clothes, every dog is different, Kelso said., Hard work pays off, and about 200 students, parents and teachers in the Madison School District got a first-hand example Thursday., Ostrzenski said he planned to head back to Warsaw in May to conduct additional postmortem anatomical studies. This time, he said, he hopes to gain permission to remove and conduct lab studies of tissues he finds in the vaginal wall., Terrell has served since 2000. Murphy, of Hunting Valley, was appointed last year by then-Commissioner Tim Hagan, who now works part-time for MetroHealth. In an unusual move, commissioners appointed Murphy to replace a departing board member, then moved him into the last year of another trustee's term. That trustee started a new six-year term., Cain Park, Akron's Lock 3 Live, Cuyahoga Falls' Rockin' on the River, and Medina's Rally in the Alley all offer concerts almost every weekend, and I love what they've done on East Fourth Street. Pickwick & Frolic/Hilarities is my favorite. Top comedy acts and five different clubs all under one roof., I'm fairly certain this never has happened in the NBA., In an emergency cell phone call originally routed to the California Highway Patrol, an unidentified man told dispatchers that he was at a construction site across the street when the shooting began., Agapito Camargo, Cleveland, 2/17, Freeway Lanes of Parma;, D'Andre Lane was arraigned on charges of first-degree felony murder, first-degree child abuse and being a habitual fourth offender in connection with the Dec. 2 disappearance of his daughter, Bianca Jones., A lot of people are saying things like, “Isn’t it about time to recognize he’s elite?” And it’s coming off with a tone suggesting we should have long since come to such a conclusion, as if they’re seeing something much of the world isn’t., "When someone’s ox is being gored, it becomes personal," Christie said at a bill signing this morning in Wayne. "We have a redistricting process and we’ve dealt with this before ... We’ll deal with it in a responsible way.", Aides said Obama was in his hotel room Monday morning in Jacksonville doing brief interviews with radio stations in battleground states when he learned Madelyn Dunham had died after a long battle with cancer., "I said, 'There'll be a riot out there, Bobby, if you don't go back.' He said, 'I don't have a guitar.' And I said, 'Does anyone have a guitar for Dylan?' Of course, 20 guitars went up in the air.", But that's OK, isn't it?, In order to make the regional list, hospitals had to be "highly performing," meaning that they placed in the top 25 percent among their peers in performance outcomes that included patient safety and care., U.S. District Judge David Herndon followed a request by prosecutors and doubled the maximum penalty recommended under sentencing guidelines., SINGLE-DECK blackjack was the most advantageous game for players when played by traditional rules, offering a microscopic .18% house edge, which means a player's estimated loss will be 1.8 cents for every $10 wagered. At the Flamingo's Party Pit, a player is estimated to lose more than 10 times that amount, nearly 20 cents for every $10., Boards and commissions and authorities ostensibly meant to provide cautious oversight in the conduct of the public's business have long since become obstacles to progress - obstacles that can be reduced only by hiring the right lawyer, or the correct consultant, or a relative or a former adviser or an aide or two., The president of Machinists union did not immediately return a call for comment., “But at some point, I’ve got to kind of get through there.”, Realtor.com is owned by Move, which operates a network of real estate websites., Al-Quso was believed to have replaced Anwar al-Awlaki as the group<U+0092>s head of external operations. Al-Awlaki was killed in a U.S. airstrike last year., "We have to run for somebody today," Keflezighi told him., And looking at the players left on the field, including the emotionally drained members of the OUS board, it's difficult to see anyone eager to take the ball on higher education reform and run with it., For the parsnip cream: Meanwhile, place parsnips in large stockpot and cover with cream. Simmer until the parsnips are very tender, stirring occasionally and pressing down to compact the parsnips so all are covered, about 30 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Working in batches, puree in a blender until smooth. (If the mixture is still very hot, fill blender only about halfway.) Pass through a fine mesh strainer into a bowl. Add 3/4 cup water (more, if needed) until the warm parsnip cream has the consistency of moderately thin gravy. Season to taste with salt, pepper and lemon juice. The parsnip cream can be made a day ahead; keep warm if using right away., with bullets., "We will not comment on what has been circulated on the Internet," Yormark said in a statement. "Our entire brand identity will be introduced by us on Monday.", Gough Heath's maxilla — the upper jaw — had been traumatically amputated from the skull, the warrant states. There also were four separate areas where her skull had been crushed, it states., Strangely, the shift in the tight game came courtesy of two huge three-pointers by Holiday in the fourth quarter. With the Sixers leading, 74-73, and Holiday having made only six of 21 shots, the third-year guard rose from 27 feet with the confidence he always seems to have. With 4 minutes, 13 seconds left the ball went through, the fans erupted and the weight of the world appeared to lift off Holiday’s back., 1 recipe salsa de jitomate y chile verde or habanero (recipes follow), optional, “He’s a Communist?”, Would he like to come and be dean of Thomas Jefferson University’s medical school, a short distance away from the Ivy league campus? For him, the answer was an easy one, and it had a lot to do with Robert Barchi, then the president of Thomas Jefferson University., The resolution merged rival Russian and European texts and dropped a European threat of non-military sanctions against Syria if it fails to withdraw troops and heavy weapons from towns and cities. Instead, it uses language from the resolution adopted last Saturday authorizing deployment of the 30-strong advance team of observers which expresses the council's intention to assess implementation of the new resolution "and to consider further steps.", Toile napkins, feather-handled flatware and a dome worthy of a butler make for the perfect place setting, created by Hansen. The quill-handled flatware is $45 for a five-piece place setting at Pottery Barn. The napkins are $32 for four at Williams-Sonoma. The white dinner plate, $12, blue and white Mottahedeh dessert plate, $45, blue and white Mottahedeh bowl, $55, glass dome, $25, etched goblet, $12, and horn napkin ring, $12, are all from the French Bee. For store locations, visit potterybarn.com and williams-sonoma.com., Mr. Wraith credits the database with the fact that crime hasn't grown alongside the dramatic increase in total number of handsets., Triforce Tribute: Legend of Zelda Art Show at Land Gallery (N. Miss.) - Some of Portland's most talented artists collaborate on a subject we all can agree on: The Legend of Zelda. Many of the participating artists will be in attendance at Friday's opening. 6 p.m. FREE., TD Bank expects to rebrand Chrysler Financial under the TD name by spring 2011. The acquisition is expected to add about $100 million in adjusted earnings to TD in 2012, the first full year of operations., The interest rate on a popular federally subsidized student loan will double in July unless Congress acts. The rate hike affects new subsidized Stafford loans, which are issued to low and middle income undergraduates., While the injuries for two of the motorists were considered major, all are expected to survive, the CHP said., 5. K Neil O'Donoghue's 19-yard field goal against the Chiefs to clinch the 1979 NFC Central title., The golden age of Florida roadside attractions lasted from 1945 to the arrival of Disney World in 1971. After the war, new residents and tourists who traveled the state's sometimes lonely highways found no shortage of cheap, corny and sometimes even frightening thrills., "Majority rule, that's the right way to do it," said Nelson, 71, a longtime barber in south Minneapolis. "That's the American way, right?", St. Pius (6-4), the No. 2 seed, was paced by guard Garrett McDowell, who finished with 14 points. Chad Otec and Jordan Tucker scored nine each., The sticker draws me inside the truck., That shouldn't happen in the richest country on the planet. An all-inclusive plan would help hold insurance companies and health care providers accountable to all people., His father, Anthony, started driving two years before Frank was born, and retired only last year, after 57 years behind the wheel., Phillips’ valves are damaged, but just a little. She won’t need surgery., Tucker had attended kindergarten through fifth grade at Kenbrook Elementary School in Farmington Hills, attended a different school and then came back to the district as a freshman in 2007., Also making her daughter feel like crap, in a particularly non-French but more brutal way, is Peggy's mom., Cleveland, it seems, has finally gotten serious about responding to the horrifying sexual violence that is routinely visited upon women – especially its poorest, who were generally deemed voiceless., Prejean told a sympathetic Fox News’ Sean Hannity that it was the “biggest mistake” of her life. “All by myself, I was sending a boyfriend at the time, who I loved and cared about, a video of me,” she says. “Never did I think it would ever come out. But it was bad judgment. It’s embarrassing. It’s humiliating to be talking about this on national TV, if you can imagine. “, It "would have decimated the ability to do the work that we already do," he said. DeWolfe said he supports the concept, but providing counsel for initial hearings cannot be carried out without substantially more resources., Sitting on the stranger's torso, Jennings wrapped his leg around him to constrict his breathing., SHARON TOWNSHIP, The March numbers were strong enough to kick both ports into positive territory for the first quarter of the year. In the first three months of 2012, the two ports combined moved 3.18 million containers, up 0.6% compared with the same period last year., Dislikes: Complex, confusing controls; clumsy interface; few apps; requires proprietary memory cards; bulky for a portable device, Annan also has become aware that U.N. cease-fire monitors are met with brief lulls in violence when they enter conflict areas in Syria, Fawzi said., What it goes with: Break it out for a porchetta or pork roast, for stinco (braised veal shank) or a hefty bistecca., The Academy 56, Bishop Machebeuf 6, Under the circumstances, all of this seemed perfectly rational, because isn't this exactly what a hazy, crazy, Alice-in-Wonderland-like fantasy is supposed to look like?, Illicit drug use, including marijuana and cocaine., "You never know what's inside of these houses," Shantinique says., The 1999 Downtown Now plan explicitly disavowed the silver-bullet approach. Planners identified areas of downtown that they thought were ripe for reinvestment, and a big part of their vision has been realized. The successor Downtown Next plan also sets some lofty goals, such as attracting 2 million square feet of new office space, but doesn't target any specific projects., Before the door was closed, she said she saw Heather Brown get out of a burgundy car parked out front with the passenger door open., Ward 6 Councilman Dan Kasaris said he was initially opposed to the legislation, but after researching the issue and safety statistics, said he felt it was time for city action., The Head and the Heart, Drew Grow & the Pastors' Wives, 8 p.m. March 25, $17.50-$20. Ticketmaster., The corruption investigation, which became public more than two years ago, has focused on county Commissioner Jimmy Dimora and county Auditor Frank Russo and pay-to-play dealings by other officials., Heart's All Gone, 2011: Borders files for federal bankruptcy protection on Feb. 16. and announces that it expects to close its "underperforming stores," about 30 percent of it total, within weeks. On July 18, Borders says could start liquidating its 399 remaining stores as early as Friday., Patrick R. Brannigan, executive director of the New Jersey Catholic Conference, plans to testify against the bill., The Rossell family has three members buried here: Thomas W. Rossell; his wife Susan; and their son Thomas W. Rossell Jr., "It's ridiculous," said Karen Floyd, whose granddaughter Scarlett is entering kindergarten at Bilquist. "It should be half that for kindergartners.", Fortunately for Seton Hall, Edwin kept his team afloat with a white-hot shooting night. The sophomore guard had a career-high 24 points (as well as five steals), to lead the Pirates., Prince also came oh-so-close to playing in the U.S. Women's Open, but lost in a playoff in a sectional qualifier at Royal Oaks in Vancouver in May. She seemed to have a spot sewed up when she hit her approach on the second playoff hole to four feet, but competitor Sue Kim of Canada chipped in for birdie, and although Prince made her birdie putt, Kim won the playoff two holes later., For four years, "The Greatest Generation" fought back with undeterred grit. U.S. forces carried the Allies to triumph on both European and Pacific fronts. On Sept. 2, 1945, the USS Missouri hosted ceremonies sealing Japan's surrender, formally closing WWII. The adversity America faced in four years of battle elevated us to the role of world leader., Joe Guerino of Nutley shot a 78-pound female bear with a black powder muddle loader. He had help from a trail camera he used to to track the bear., Conditions will be comparatively mild in the metro region. Denver should see wind gusts of more than 20 mph today and Friday, according to the Weather Service., Poor product. Injuries. Officiating. Basically, a miserable entertainment experience. And maybe the NBA will get the message, and Stern will announce that he, too, sees that the play on the court hasn't been what it could have been. That they were probably too ambitious in the scheduling., Then he no-hit the Blue Jays. In his last 27 starts of the regular season <U+0097> beginning with that no-hitter <U+0097> Verlander had a 2.08 earned-run average. Batters hit .187 against him., Anyone who thought Hamels answered those questions in 2006 does not read Sports Illustrated. In November, writer Tom Verducci identified Hamels as the major leagues' No. 1 candidate for a potential problem he has noted among young pitchers who see a big jump in innings pitched. Often, Verducci says, young pitchers who see their innings increase by 25 or 30 can be prone to breaking down in the following season., Since 2003, Adams has actively borrowed against his properties, taking out five credit lines., Even after suffering a serious injury on a kickoff, Awasom remains a football traditionalist. And he's not the only one. Around the league, there will likely be many team executives who will resist change, pointing to proper technique as the best way to avoid injury., Darrin Steele, a former bobsledder who was tapped to lead the new program, went to an outdoor retail trade show to find a partner and made a pitch to Under Armour. Intrigued, Under Armour signed on in 2008 to provide uniforms — parkas, shirts, pants and shoes — and training gear as well as financial support for the amateur athletes., Coco Soul rocks and rolls: St. Louis vocalist Coco Soul leads a Mardi Gras Celebration concert at 11 a.m. Saturday at the Sheldon, featuring music from New Orleans, Brazil and more. $5-$10., In a word, no. I haven't been around Altman and the team that much, but I think it's a pretty easy read: Egos do not survive long at Matt Knight Arena in Dana Altman's system., It's not often someone thanks me for providing them with experience being interviewed. Mary Driemeyer, a physical education teacher at Sappington Elementary School in South County, did just that when I visited Jan. 5., Much has changed in Pirtle-Hall's life since she was a member of Howell North's state championship 3,200-meter relay team. She is now married to Jonathan Hall, has a 3-year-old daughter, Samantha, and teaches ACT preparation and literature at McCluer North High School. Jonathan also teaches at McCluer North., "I thought I would get some kind of feeling from the Browns or some other team, that they'd say something or hint at something that would give me a feeling on where I was going to go, but I really have no clue," Tannehill said in a phone interview Monday. "I'm in the dark.", In 1906, of course, none of today's computers and seismic-detection instruments existed to determine within seconds just where a temblor hit and what its magnitude was. Scientists had to rely on their own field work., "Things happened to him this year that could have been huge distractions, but he didn't let it bother him on the field," DeShurley said. "He never gave an excuse if he wasn't at his best. He always gives you his best effort.", Here's whom we found: the Spartans' Keith Appling, Tom Izzo and Sparty, too, the Wolverines' Tim Hardaway Jr. and both of Detroit Mercy's Ray McCallums, father and son., The news conference will be at 11 a.m. EDT., 7233 Boellner Dr, $54,000, "We have to do what is right for the Minnesota Vikings," he said. "That's what I get charged with at the end of the day. I'm not worried about someone getting one more start or one more yard to equal 300.", It appeared to be a major victory for Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed, who had embarked on a public relations blitz in favor of the tax. He argued that it would allow ratepayers to spread the cost of sewer projects to hundreds of thousands of tourists and commuters who visit the city but don't pay its water bills., Meanwhile, credit ratings agency Fitch Ratings put Avon on rating watch negative. Fitch said in a statement that if the deal goes through and is financed with significant amounts of debt the combined company's credit protection measures would not be in Avon's current rating category. Avon's senior unsecured debt is currently rated "BBB-," the lowest investment-grade rating., Concepcion's main hospital was operating, though patients in an older half of the building were moved into hallways as a precaution., According to police, Sgt. Shawn Bates and Patrolman Anthony Sillett arrived first and found the woman not breathing. They administered rescue breathing along with oxygen to the woman and she resumed breathing within a few minutes, police said., -- A two-game suspension for charging Minnesota Wild defenseman Nate Prosser on Dec. 31, 2011., Rules Committee Chairwoman Nancy Skinner, D-Berkeley, said later that AB 1946 was unnecessary because the Assembly has not contested the order last year by Sacramento Superior Court Judge Timothy M. Frawley to release member budgets. "The Assembly has accepted the court ruling, we did not appeal it, we're practicing it now <U+0096> and I felt that's sufficient," Skinner said., "If we come out the way we did tonight, the game will be over before we know it," guard Brandon Paul said. "We have to change our mindset. It's going to be a packed game, so we have to come ready to play and be locked in the whole game.", 7. Kerry Wood, Cubs (1999): Wood was a sensation at 20 in 1998 when he struck out 20 Astros and pitched a one-hitter in his fifth major-league start. But he missed the 1999 season with torn elbow ligaments and never again reached the heights of his rooki, "The triggers are awfully low," said Bruce Harris, retired founder of what was Conferon Global Services Inc., a top convention-booking firm. "Going into this we were given a lot of projections in terms of sales. I would think after seven years we would be a lot closer to the number they told us.", South Coast Winery, Gewurztraminer, Temecula Valley, 2009, Best of Class, 92 pts., Jamaica's former tourism minister, Edmund Bartlett, had announced the project last August., "His reputation is soured. His ability to work in the industry is soured," Warnken said. "My guess would be he will be given a prison term, but it will be suspended and he will be placed on probation.", "I released my mixtape 'The Road to the Top' in 2010 and I have a project dropping in April called 'Going Up in Smoke.' My first mixtape was more of a come up, whereas my new tape is just about having fun and smoking weed.", The summer pursuit of women follows this year's runaway success, "The Hunger Games." The movie is the biggest film of the year so far with more than $600 million in global ticket sales, thanks to female fans who flocked to see resourceful warrior Katniss Everdeen and joined males who turned out for the sci-fi and action elements., <U+0093>Once one of these things happens, by the time they get through digging they<U+0092>re going to find whether somebody had a hangnail someplace or not, whether somebody replaced it improperly,<U+0094> Nicklaus said., Gem, jewelry and mineral silent auction A gem, jewelry and mineral silent auction will be in the APEX Community Recreation Center, 6842 Wadsworth Blvd., Arvada. Sale begins at 6:45 p.m., checkout starts around 9:15 p.m. No early checkout! All are welcome, admission and parking are free; free refreshments will be served. Info: call Merlene Solis at 720-212-5550 or e-mail linumas@gmail.com., That request came from hitting coach Rudy Jaramillo., He said to businessmen: <U+0093>Ask yourselves what you can do to bring jobs back to your country, and your country will do everything we can to help you succeed. We should start with our tax code.<U+0094>, Since news of the Goldschmidt scandal broke in 2004, Giusto has maintained in repeated interviews that he had heard only rumors about the abuse and learned about it after Goldschmidt had left office in 1991., Depicting New Balance employees making the 990 "is the best way to convey our craftsmanship and the story behind the shoe," he said, adding that the campaign also conveys "the heritage of a model that's 30 years old.", "We're not where we want to be," he said, "but we're still awfully competitive. We're not as worried or concerned as some of the headlines may read and some speculation that might be out there.", "We're disappointed, but we're confident we'll prevail," Lin said, adding that could mean after the hunt begins., But the food is always flavorful and as consistent as any restaurant, and the vegetable sides are always inventive and delicious — skin-on slices of roasted acorn squash with honey and pistachios, red cabbage with goat cheese, and this week's recipe — spinach with cabbage and Parmesan., It worked 15 years ago, according to the post: "In April 1997, there was a ‘gas out’ conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices. Gasoline prices dropped 30 cents a gallon overnight.", "Every time I see the 'Cosby' show — when she (Rashad) did 'Candy' — it reminds me, personally, of that time that I had that same experience.", The latest was revealed Thursday when the NFL Network's website reported Adams tested positive for marijuana at the NFL Combine in February. Jason La Canfora wrote that league sources were viewing Adams as a "good kid" who made a mistake and that his draft stock may not be affected that much., Deputy Commissioner Susan Brita told those attending Tuesday’s House Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittee hearing that "I share your anger and disappointment in GSA's conduct.", Here are some of the key findings from that report:, In the kitchen at Frank's Noodle House, cooks are taking big lumps of wheat-flour dough, stretching their arms out wide like giddy accordion players, twisting the resulting rope into long braids, then playing a giant game of cat's cradle to extract pencil-thin noodle strands from the dough., A friend then invited him to become an amateur racer and his success led to his joining the Aston-Martin team and competing in races all over the world., "We close the data at the end of May or June, so they may have been evaluated over the summer or the next school year," she said., Axelrod is right. Obama's appetite for dogs isn't as critical as his appetite for spending and statism. But it was part of his cool. “Mitt Romney isn't cool,” declared Brian Montopoli of CBS News this week in a story headlined “Can Mitt Romney Make Boring Sexy”? For economically beleaguered Americans, the more pertinent question is: “Can Barack Obama Make Cool Affordable”? It's not just that Obama ate the dog, but that he's screwing the pooch., Miller, who lives in Ninemile Valley, Mont., is the author of more than 350 essays and stories that have appeared in such publications as Newsweek, the Los Angeles Times and Missoula Living. Her column "High on the Wild" appears in the Pines Literary Journal, and her column "Peaks and Valleys" appears in Montana Woman Magazine. She has contributed to National Public Radio's "On Point.", Rams coach Steve Spagnuolo is 10-38 in three seasons and his job is believed to be in jeopardy. Announced attendance was 55,990, about 9,000 short of capacity at the Edward Jones Dome, but the stadium appeared no more than half full and drained quickly after halftime., Nancy Andersen, Snyder is expected to be in Detroit on Monday to meet with council members and other officials, Lasher said., She adds that her mother never used apples in this recipe, so she doesn't either. "Also, I have never seen caraway seed added when ordering this at a restaurant," she wrote, "but I do add that.", Average years in NFL: 3.8, The Fed cut its forecast for economic growth for this year to a range of 2.7 percent to 2.9 percent. It had previously expected the economy to grow 3.1 percent to 3.3 percent this year. The Fed also said unemployment would stay higher than it had expected earlier., Young and Hudson said they struggled with remaining at home while their teammates embarked on a 10-day road trip., Four days after his son's death, Gilbert McClure on Saturday slowly listed the attributes he instilled in his youngest child, a man many in Kansas City knew as the gregarious chef/owner of Starker's Reserve restaurant on the Country Club Plaza., "Let's go cheer everyone on.", Oregon do-it-all junior forward Amanda Johnson, who averaged 15.6 points and 8.2 rebounds for the Ducks, was also named Honorable Mention., Justice Department spokeswoman Gina Talamona says 21 workers in Cleveland would be affected by the change, if the plan goes through. Those workers would be offered jobs in other Justice Department field offices or its Washington, D.C., headquarters, she said., “We’re not like that Jersey Shore group,’’ one Muncher said in a reference to our Shore trip, where the crew begged to go home, against MB’s wishes., The FAA said it can charge $25,000 for each mistake, and it counts as a new mistake every time the mis-installed part passed inspection. There were 46 such inspections, which would have totaled $1.15 million. The FAA offered to compromise with Boeing for $1.05 million., An already rough transition into Team USA hit a dead-end when Anderson came down with pneumonia during World League play in June 2009. He spent two weeks in a San Jose area hospital, two tubes in his chest. Before he was released 7.5 liters of fluid had been drained out of his lungs., Meemken was facing 25 counts, Including 22 counts of criminal sexual conduct. He was accused of providing alcohol to three teenagers and performing sex acts on them., As of 8:50 a.m., APS spokeswoman Jenna Henry said about 18,000 customers were still without power., Q. You have a very serious theater background, but your TV and film choices are much more diverse. Why is that?, "Florida EcoSafaris at Forever Florida is continually looking for new adventures that will keep us on the cutting edge of eco-tourism and what it can be," Duda says. "Expect more adventures from us in the future.", The thriller features the taciturn Kitano himself (a k a Beat Takeshi) as Otomo, a yakuza underboss who finds himself mixed up in a brutal cycle of turf wars also involving a corrupt cop and an African ambassador., SEATTLE -- John Henry Browne's first brush with the U.S. military was during the Vietnam War. The lanky attorney, then a student who drove a purple hippie van, was rejected for the draft because he was too tall., The recallers have 10 more days and need about 12,000 more valid signatures. If they fail, Gordly won't lose anything. She might, in fact, pick up a new lesson for the many students and would-be politicians who seek her counsel:, If Internet usage is the issue, ask technical support to track down the Web sites visited, and dates and times., Nature Pavilion Gift Shop, Chevrolet Caprice V6: 18 m.p.g. city/26 m.p.g. highway/21 m.p.g. combined., Titans owner Bud Adams offered Manning a job for life, and the 49ers offered him an opportunity to play for a team that was only a fumble away from the Super Bowl last season., "Brian's symptoms indicated a specific kind of concussion, and we've learned a great deal about how to treat that type," he says., LOS ANGELES — In a city that values megawatt star power above all, it was almost unfathomable for the Los Angeles Lakers to believe they were getting dominated by the lowly Nuggets, whose center might not even be as good a basketball player as his mother., House Speaker Brian Bosma, R-Indianapolis, who authored the legislation, said the intent was to address situations in which districts were purposely refusing to sell to charter schools to avoid competition., Expletives fly as I squeeze my laptop into my jam-packed overnight bag. I begin to sob uncontrollably. The end of a 10-year marriage, a rebound relationship, and a pregnancy, combined with homesickness for my native Australia, had taken a toll. I needed to find solace, inner peace, a reprieve from the emotional suffering, if only for a day or two., 10. Youngstown, Wisniewski issued a statement saying the transportation committee would use its new subpoena power to obtain financial documents needed to ask questions of Foye, Deputy Executive Director Bill Baroni and other agency officials, "to get to the root cause of our concern, which is ‘How does an agency consume so much of our money, through tolls and fares, and do so little for the people of the State of New Jersey in terms of real results?’ ", BERKELEY HEIGHTS - Two Martins Lane homes were burglarized on Sunday, July 4, sometime around 12:45 p.m. Patrolman Andrew Glaydura investigated at the scene and it appeared the burglars had fled on foot from the homes., The name of the 23-year-old was not made public by police., 1515 FOSTER DR $105,000, "First-class travel is excessive," said William Sannwald, a professor in the School of Business at San Diego State University. "You have to show a business case as to why it's valuable to the port and I don't know if they can do that.", "If it's a big blockbuster film that's easily digestible, it's going to work internationally," said Craig Dehmel, senior vice president of sales and strategic planning for Fox International, which did well with an overseas-first release of its animated"Rio.", The Calderon brothers are both top recipients of payday industry spending. According to Berkeley-based MapLight, a nonpartisan political money tracker, Charles Calderon from 2003 to 2011 received $31,450 in contributions from payday lending interest groups, more than any other current Assembly member. During that same period, Ron Calderon topped all legislators, receiving $50,000., Oh, and high-tech dog booties, and a bunch of 20-somethings who know their way around computer data storage., Romance. * * 1 PG-13. The film is based on Paul Torday's novel, a political satire that was a best seller in the U.K., and allows an opening into the worlds of British and Yemeni politics, the devotion of salmon fishermen and the possibilities of romance among humans and salmon, who in this story must both swim upstream. Amr Waked and Ewan McGregor star. (Ebert) 101 minutes, Nanci Koschman knows that whatever answers the police might provide won't bring back David, her only child., Matt Emmons of the United States, an Athens Olympic champion, won the silver, and Serhiy Kulish of Ukraine won the bronze on his last shot., Women's college water polo: Big West Tournament at UC Davis — UC Irvine vs. CS Northridge, 2:30 p.m.; UC Davis vs. UCSB, 4:15 p.m., In the rest of the economy, firms are able to make products at lower cost because of technological innovation <U+0096> more output per worker <U+0096> but the buying capacity of workers and consumers has declined because real wages have stagnated in the last 30 years. The lion's share of productivity gains is going to profits., The options are limitless for this proud basketball-headed boy with no discernible skills., The city offers great places to eat, it's easy to get around (with a car), and we're all so friendly and helpful., "Charter schools serve a critical need in New Jersey not only by providing high-quality options for students where they otherwise do not exist, but also by serving as laboratories of innovation," acting Education Commissioner Christopher Cerf said in a statement., The changes announced Thursday continue Christie’s practice of surrounding himself with former colleagues from the U.S. Attorney’s Office. Christie hired O’Dowd as an assistant U.S. attorney in 2003, a job he held for seven years before following the governor to the Statehouse., Proximity also played a role for Wasowicz, who plans on majoring in public health. Her family and friends can watch her play at the West Village school anytime they want. Uwanaka, who also is getting a large financial aid package, loved the Williams campus. The backbone of each of their decisions was academics, though., From 1985 to 1987 he was chief executive of Long Beach Community Hospital; from 1980 to 1985 he was chief executive of Los Alamitos Medical Center., The driver was arrested at the scene and was held pending formal charges., In Sussex County, Tuesday night’s rainfall could mix with wet snow, as temperatures hover in the mid-30s. Flurries are likely on Wednesday, with mostly sunny skies and a high near 39, the weather service predicted., Named storms: 18, Liu reported that a meager $25,100 came in through intermediaries, people who solicit or round up donations for their candidates. Yassky reported more than 10 times as much from intermediaries, $283,775., The Republic contract expires in July 2014. Another built-in .32 contractual increase will take place in the third quarter of 2013. Increases due to fuel prices or county tipping fees are less predictable, Fischer said, particularly since business competition has decreased in recent years., Medco shareholders would receive $71.36 per share in cash and stock, or $29.1 billion, based on the stock's closing price on the New York Stock Exchange when the merger was announced last July 21. Shareholders of Medco would receive $28.80 in cash and 0.81 shares for each Medco share they own upon closing of the transaction., U.S. District Judge Thelton Henderson issued the order Tuesday, one day after a federal monitor released a report critical of the department's handling of the Occupy protests and its struggles to fully implement reforms measures spelled out in a 2003 agreement that settled the Riders police misconduct case., The Beavers scored 49.075 as a team and found themselves in third place, looking up at first-seeded Georgia and fourth-seeded Michigan, who had qualified for 19 out of the last 20 NCAA championships., "I give my big (girls) a chance to get going before I do," Chappelle said. "I can get my game later, but I've to get them going early so they can get their confidence so we can do it as a team.", Advocates of a regional approach to economic development were thrilled that American Greetings will stay in the area. But they said competitive courting of the company could hurt the region's economy., Talks ongoing: Commissioner David Stern said meetings involving the city of Sacramento, the owners of Kings and the league were continuing for a second consecutive day on Sunday. The sides are trying to negotiate a deal that would build a new arena to keep the Kings in Sacramento., U-M will be shown on TNT, MSU on TBS and UDM on truTV., Her Facebook message continued: "I have found that in the simple act of living with hope, and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world, the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious. And for that I am grateful.", Most of the 800 new jobs announced last month are production positions that can be filled locally, said VW spokesman Scott Wilson. The 200 new jobs announced in January have already been filled largely from the Chattanooga area, he said., Your second societal avenues are the cultural organizations, whether it's the Museum of Modern Art, the Museum of the African Diaspora or the de Young, the California Academy of Sciences, the Opera, the Symphony, the Ballet, the Contemporary Jewish Museum or the Asian Art Museum., Those involved in the Islamic center project in New York offered contradictory stances and opinions on Thursday, making it hard to determine if the parties involved had a common front., 1 large carrot, minced, Fox and Lytle, who have filed numerous small claims and other lawsuits in the past 15 years, are suing for negligence, breach of contract and violation of the state's unlawful trade practices act., John Marty DFL/54 N, Butler would replace Temple for the 2013-14 school year and keep the conference at 14 schools. Temple is leaving for the Big East., Chemicals: All herbicides should be well understood and used with care. More often than not, unwanted vegetation will have to be removed by hand. Killing plants before pulling makes the task harder. Legally, an herbicide's label must be read before using., "We were just fans of the Andy Griffith Show," says Beck, who wrote "Aunt Bee's Mayberry Cookbook" with co-author Jim Clark. "We knew how we loved the show and we knew how fans felt. We filled it with photos and dialogue from scenes around food. We gave all the recipes names based on Mayberry characters.", "Weed Wars": A new series, which follows Oakland's Harborside Health Center, the country's largest medical cannabis dispensary. Snoop Dogg recorded the title song. How appropriate. (10 p.m., Discovery), Instead, it was the A'swho eventually acquired Parker, who is excited to face the team he has been familiar with since his childhood in Wednesday's series finale., New World, led by Hong Kong billionaire Cheng Yu-tung, paid $229.5 million last year to buy Rosewood's management company, which manages 19 hotels across the globe. It also paid several hundred million dollars to buy the five hotels that Rosewood owned among those 19. Along with the Carlyle, they include the Mansion and Crescent hotels in Dallas, the Inn of the Anasazi in Santa Fe, N.M., and Rosewood Little Dix Bay in the British Virgin Islands., The instructors serve 30 Chandler and Kyrene district elementary schools, said Miller., Southeast Regional, which has had no guard since last July, will reinstate one guard on Tuesday. Perry branch, which never had a dedicated security guard since its inception but relied on guards from Perry High School during emergencies, will receive a guard on Thursday. The latter library is on the school campus., Sen. Carl Levin, chair of a subcommittee that investigated the crisis, said the loss was "just the latest evidence that what banks call 'hedges' are often risky bets that so-called 'too big to fail' banks have no business making.", Revenue from pay TV operations including ESPN and Disney Channel rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion as fees from distributors and advertising sales grew. ESPN ad sales rose 14 percent, or 6 percent when excluding the timing of events such as the Rose Bowl and the impact of the NBA lockout., Copeland had just finished her second year of graduate school and soon to begin work on her thesis when she was injured. It happened on a kayaking trip with friends when she tried to cross the Little Tallapoosa River on a homemade zip line. The line broke and Copeland fell onto the rocks below, suffering a nasty gash in her leg., Conscience protection, The criticism has been just as fierce from the other side., Annabelle beamed a big smile back., Steven E. Vigorito Jr., a 12-year member of the Woodland Park force, is a father of at least two children and served in the Navy for more than nine years before becoming a police officer, the website said., He said he had nothing to hide — "My skeletons are not in the closet, they are on the front lawn!" — but that on principle he did not think he would submit to the background check., "You are not your job," I insist. "You are more than your occupation.", Shadid's Arabic served him well in his reporting but worked against him in March 2011 when he and three other New York Times journalists and their driver were detained by Libyan troops. When the captors heard Shadid speaking Arabic, they assumed he was a spy and threatened to kill the group. The journalists were released six days later, but the Libyan driver was killed., In 1989, Mr. McKain was honored with the San Diego Democratic Club Political Action Award, the club's Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008, and the Henry Auerbach Democrat of the Year Award from the San Diego County Democratic Party in 1994. The San Diego City Council declared July 8, 2008 as "Charles McKain Day.", The Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences, which could have opted to move the awards after 2013, has also agreed to extend its lease with the theater through 2033., 1 tbsp. capers, preferably salt-preserved, That led Harmon to introduce a bill on Feb. 7 that would make it legal across the state to serve as a mayor and county commissioner, even if the agencies have basic contractual agreements such as those involving 911 dispatching or sewer services. Under the state's Public Officer Prohibited Activities Act, a county commissioner isn't supposed to serve on a community's governing board if the county government and the community have a contractual relationship., Her daughter was found in a diaper and wrapped in a blanket at nearby Weehawken High School., After making the call, Dimora told the administrator he would "lob in" another call closer to a hearing, according Lioi's order, which reiterated prosecutors' argument., Congratulations to Minneapolis Police Chief Tim Dolan on his retirement ("Dolan steadied city's police force," editorial, April 28). As a business operator in north Minneapolis, I've had the opportunity to see Dolan strategically transform one of the toughest areas of the city into a much safer place to conduct commerce. He used solid, fair police practices and collaborated with business, religious and community leaders. Enjoy your retirement, chief. You deserve it., Even the schnitzel ($16), flattened and nicely breaded pork loin, seemed to have sugar in the mix. The meat was good, though a little dry, and it was served with a refreshing salad and crisply roasted potatoes., Peeta asks Donald if he knows anything about the quickstep. Given his display of "DWTS" superfandom last week, I'm sure he does. Peeta says she's given Donald a very hard routine. In rehearsal, Donald drops into a split (impressive!) and them comes up wincing (ouch!). This song, "Stay the Night" by James Blunt, starts out so slow -- I hope it picks up or their quickstep is going to look really weird. Donald's kicks and flicks are high and high-energy. The song only ever briefly seemed to be as fast as they were dancing. Weird music selection there. Len apologizes to Donald and says that he undermarked Donald last week. Tom points out that this admission may be a first from Len., Griffin has had the chance to get his point across to teams at the combine, where the 15-minute interviews are akin to speed-dating meet-and-greet sessions. From the look of things, Luck has a decent idea of where he'll be this season. For Griffin, like his college offense, the field is wide open., Since scoring 15 points against Howard in week five, Oakland Mills has scored less points each week since (7, 6, 0). If the Scorpions can score two touchdowns against a Hammond defense that has allowed 73 points in the last two weeks, it would be a small victory at the end of a long season., Not to mention the reading of a new play inspired by "Hamlet" at the Old Orchard shopping center and a modern-dance riff on "Twelfth Night" in front of the Art Museum. Or my own return to the stage., As the founding member of Parents Are Not Too Stupid (PANTS), I am providing this handy reference guide, similar to the ACLU wallet card describing a citizen's civil rights., Caroline County, Researchers also used published dinosaur population estimates for the late Jurassic (about 161 to 145 million years ago)., As of Tuesday, the bill remained in the Senate Insurance, Commerce and Labor Committee with six votes for, five against and one undecided -- even though Republicans have a four-vote margin., 3500 OLD COLLINSVILLE RD $145,000, but DeSmet was back in front 8 to 5., Elias admitted it was one of his more skillful goals., The company earned $106.5 million, or 65 cents a share, up 10 percent -- meeting analysts' expectations of 65 cents. Revenue of $2.55 billion was up 8 percent. Robinson is a "third-party logistics" company, a middleman that matches shippers with trucking firms that can carry their freight. It also deals with railroads, ocean-going ships and air cargo firms., Blagojevich, due to begin a 14-year sentence for corruption Thursday at a federal prison in Colorado, spoke for 10 minutes, interrupted only by shouts of encouragement from hundreds of well-wishers and gawkers gathered on his lawn along with TV crews., If you don't want to get dinged for damage to a rental car you may not have caused, I have one piece of advice: Document everything., A: We believe that it is unrealistic to place all the responsibility on the child, especially when almost 90 percent of abusers are family members or acquaintances of the victim. We believe that adults must be better educated so they can support and protect our children., Along with the structural upgrades, the downtown has been experiencing a culinary makeover for most of the past decade and now boasts wine bars, storefront tasting shops and enough chic, tony eateries - Neela's, Ubuntu, Morimoto, among others - to rival its Napa Valley neighbors (except, possibly, Yountville)., The Carlstadt fire was one of many brush fires that have broken out in New Jersey and New York this week, mostly due to dry conditions, low humidity and strong winds., Visit the Centre Daily Times (State College, Pa.) at www.centredaily.com, Obama carried Virginia in 2008 and it's again a top battleground., FitzGerald's campaign had only $1,287 to start the year., The committee also reiterated earlier recommendations to give Rutgers three of UMDNJ’s pieces on the New Brunswick-Piscataway campus — Robert Wood Johnson Medical School, the School of Public Health and the Cancer Institute of New Jersey. McCormick estimated this will cost more than $40 million., LOS ANGELES — Attorneys for Zsa Zsa Gabor's daughter and husband are scheduled to appear for the first time before a judge who is considering whether the ailing actress needs independent oversight of her finances and medical care., A study going on in Scottsdale suggests that the city's daytime population, bolstered by tourists, shoppers and workers, could help account for its larger-than-average workforce., It's a recognition of a changing role for political parties in Missouri, something Republicans identified after their own tough loss of the Governor's Mansion two years ago., Cancún Centro, "I'm not a baker," she says. "And up until about six years ago, I couldn't make pie crusts to save my life. It wasn't until I took one of Anne Cori's classes at Kitchen Conservatory (that) I found out that I was always overworking the dough.", Boosted by concerns about global warming, REC sales have tripled, During the suit’s discovery phase, Bolton’s lawyers learned Vargas, now 33, was one of two officers on the scene that night to have received steroids or growth hormone from Colao. The other is Stise, the officer who was just 26 when Lowen’s sent him drugs., Lobbyists spent $7,715 to wine and dine lawmakers, down from a high of $163,375 in 1992, according to the report., Missouri Highway Patrol Sgt. Joe Schuengel, 47, was killed when the Bell 206B JetRanger helicopter he was piloting crashed in the Kehrs Mill Trails subdivision. Schuengel was the only person aboard., Maybe this is a Yormark family deal. It was Brett Yormark, Michael’s twin brother, who barked at a Nets fan two years ago for wearing a paper bag -- the oldest fan protest in the book -- during the team’s 14th straight home loss., "The same goes for the Alberta spruce. It's a great way to get that holiday scent and feel indoors, and then replant outdoors for many more years of enjoyment.", "As far as I know, there are few, if any, solar photovoltaic systems in the city of Kirkwood," he said., But environmental activists and some beekeepers are convinced the pesticide is a problem., That funky movement is because of how a batter follows the ball from when it leaves a pitcher’s hand to when it crosses the plate., North and Voorhees made the top list along with Bridgewater-Raritan, Montgomery and Ridge high schools in neighboring Somerset County and West Windsor-Plainsboro North and South highs in neighboring Mercer County., The driver also was injured. Qualls says the driver passed a field sobriety test., James recently took Wesley's advice and severed his ties with agent Aaron Goodwin. Wesley is an associate and friend of Philadelphia-based agent Leon Rose. He's also close with Pistons coach Larry Brown and has been linked to Cavaliers owners Dan Gilbert and David Katzman., Fox has practiced in this area for 28 years and said he wouldn't be surprised if the tree pollen season, which started early, ends "a week or two early." However, some allergens tend to overlap in individuals and Fox said that's the case with tree and grass pollen and, in late August through late September, ragweed., Now, OSU might be confident in every aspect. Rueck has preached all season that his team plays with a lot of heart and fights till the end ,and he hopes they can add something else after Saturday., Officers responding to a traffic accident in the 1600 block of Gettysburg Landing during the early hours of April 6 found a severely damaged Chevrolet Cavalier in the driveway of a residence and its male driver lying on the ground., Clinton responded that night 15 years ago by brandishing a pen and declaring: "If you send me legislation that does not guarantee every American private health insurance that can never be taken away, you will force me to take this pen, veto the legislation, and we'll come right back here and start all over again.", “I believe I speak for the board in saying we are satisfied that staff has carefully reviewed plans, proposals and issues, the citizen advisory committee on school facilities has carefully reviewed the project details and we are proceeding with specification and expertise most likely to be a wise investment for the district,” Sutherland said before the April 24 vote., Hours: 11:30 a.m.-9:30 p.m. Monday through Thursday; 11:30 a.m.-10 p.m. Friday; noon-10 p.m. Saturday; noon- 9 p.m. Sunday, Horns & Things 8:30 p.m. Saturday. $20., Trevor Byrd wore a special shirt today. It has his 51-year-old father<U+0092>s smiling face printed on it. Sprawled across are the words, <U+0093>In Memory of Nate <U+0091>Save the Show<U+0092> Byrd.<U+0094> Below is the date everyone remembers: Aug. 13, 2011., “Parmatown was so ahead of its time. Major stores, and plenty of restaurants. Higbees and May Company each had quality restaurants, along with Teddi’s. They lost all the good things that made Parmatown a gem., AQ, Context: Vintner Phil Maddux recommends that the wine be poured with slices of dried pear and a wedge of blue-veined cheese, such as Gorgonzola or Stilton., "We always hoped there would be economic possibilities as an outcome and sometimes we were successful," she said. "Most of the time, it's goodwill.", Most college teams, including Princeton, play fifteens rugby, a version with longer matches and 15 players per side instead of seven. Though sevens rugby is quite popular worldwide, it is traditionally played in the summer when college teams are not in season., "I've always had that connection," she said., "I chose to leave so I could move to New York," she recalled. "I left around the holidays and moved to New York on Dec. 28th of 2010.", Albertsons parking lot, 1459 Main St., Ramona, The six paddleboarders managed to shoo the dolphin a few hundred yards closer to the harbor when the animal noticed another group of dolphins swimming in circles ahead of it., Peter Mangarella, New Brunswick’s police director, publicly criticized Rutgers for failing to address the city’s security concerns. On Monday, Lt. J.T. Miller, the department’s spokesman, said the police director "respects President McCormick and the university’s decision to cancel Rutgersfest.", She insisted. He told her to leave. A few more sharp words and before anyone could stop it, the couple were divorced., Before visiting the fire station, Romney ate breakfast with the current mayor, Michael Bloomberg, who has avoided endorsing anyone in the presidential race so far. Bloomberg was elected as a Republican but is now an independent. He flirted with the idea of running for president in 2008 as an independent., At about 7:25 p.m., Harkins returned to his car and told officers that he had arrived at the theater at about 3:45 p.m., but had checked on the dog multiple times, police said., In a nutshell: James Beard award-winning cookbook author Molly Stevens follows up her instant-classic "All About Braising" with this definitive guide to the art of roasting meats and vegetables, showing how the ages-old technique still has relevance in the era of high-gimmick Modernist cuisine. Along with providing 200 recipes, she traces the history of the cooking method and explains the science behind how dry heat can transform ingredients and when home cooks will want to use low, medium or high heat. Whether you're looking for a simple roast chicken recipe for Sunday dinner or you're a vegetarian looking for ways to perfect roasted potatoes, her instructions make even adventurous dishes seem attainable., Jackson was serving probation for a felony battery charge, according to state and local records. He was arrested in 2009 by Tallahassee Community College police for battery and resisting without violence and arrested again by Tallahassee police a year later, according to county jail records., The roadway's use by vendors during the makeover period means market customers will also see another change — more vendors each Saturday in May., He has been to the postseason eight times in 17 big-league seasons, helping Boston and the Yankees win the World Series in 2004 and 2009, respectively., "Our biggest news is that the road is paved with asphalt all the way in," he said. "We've all heard horror stories about mud and all that stuff through the years.", Turner released a statement that thanked Austria for his service., San Francisco police responded to the vandalism at the police station, located at Valencia Street near 17th Street, at around 9:15 p.m., police Sgt. Daryl Fong said., 4. Denver ... 9 ... 2000-present, The USDA did not immediately respond to a request for comment., All Pro Freight Systems Inc.: Lloyd Switzer was named director of operations, Todd Krall, e-commerce brokerage services director, Amy Wakefield and Todd Ford, fleet dispatch, and Elizabeth Dungan and Megan Mannillo, customer service, for the Avon logistics provider., While Redondo and Irizarry used their pickup for cover, police lay on the ground and took aim at their feet and legs., "Sorry to disappoint fans but the Players has one of the best fields all year, tourney is more than fine without me," said Watson. "I feel blessed and excited that I get to spend quality time with Caleb and Angie in the next few weeks.", Against a Duke lineup that featured Grant Hill, Bobby Hurley and Cherokee Parks, the Golden Griffins trailed by eight early when Krzyzewski called a timeout., Granted, that cautious approach may put Maryland at a competitive disadvantage to those states that have chosen not to closely regulate gas drilling, particularly as falling natural gas prices are likely to slow new drilling anyway. But that's a choice Marylanders ought to be comfortable making as the value of clean water and air is not something to be taken lightly either., San Bruno Mayor Jim Ruane said in a statement that the money will be used "for the greater good of all the citizens of our city and to help us, as a community, move forward." The city will set up a nonprofit to figure out how to spend the money, a process that could take up to a year., Voters across the state are set to decide in July whether to levy an additional 1 percent sales tax to fund transportation improvements in their regions. But concern over low turnout for primary elections caused many supporters of the referendums to call for the vote to be moved to the November general election. With no high-profile races on the primary ballot, supporters hope that a presidential election would bring out more Democrats, whom they believe more likely to support the transportation tax., To make the caramel sauce, fill a large bowl with ice water and set aside. Pour the cream into a small saucepan. With the tip of a knife, scrape the seeds from the split vanilla bean into the pan, and then add the pod. Place the pan over medium heat, and heat for about 3 minutes, or until the cream comes to a simmer. Add the butter, remove from the heat and set aside., U.S. Treasury Secretary G. William Miller announced on May 10, 1980, that Chrysler would receive a $1.5-billion loan guarantee from the U.S. government., After eight years on the council, Boyce was appointed by Gov. Ted Strickland, a fellow Democrat, to be Ohio treasurer when Richard Cordray left the office to become attorney general., Both infected groups developed symptoms, including the telltale trace of white powder on the nose that gives the disease its name and scarring on the wings. Compared with uninfected bats, infected bats were roused more often from hibernation. This depletes their fat reserves and ultimately leads to death., Maraziti said the improvement projects involve upgrading the bio-solids facility that handles sludge, and repairing an interceptor sewer pipe built in the 1970s that runs 14 miles from Wharton to Parsippany. “Part of it has disintegrated,” he said., From their individual addresses to the band’s name, there’s “a lot of Philly” in City Line., Age: 55, Hudson County and its municipalities have been awarded more than $750,000 in Clean Communities grants to fund litter cleanup efforts, state officials announced today., Other times are 10:29 p.m. Friday, Saturday at 12:04 a.m. and 10:54 p.m.; and Sunday at 12:27 a.m., 9:42 p.m. and 11:18 p.m., She said Centrum folks indicated they hoped to bring a redevelopment plan with more details before the city at a board meeting the last week of March., Good observation. But are you telling me Danny DeVito and Arnold Schwarzenegger don't look alike?, "The president has all the tools available to him if he believes that the oil market is being manipulated," Boehner told reporters Tuesday. "Where's his Federal Trade Commission? Where is the SEC? He's got agencies there. So instead of just another political gimmick, why doesn't he put his administration to work to get to the bottom of it?", Courtney Fortner is adopting the part Shih Tzu puppy that portrayed Toto in Spotlight Productions' version of "Wizard of Oz.", "We know that people will more likely ask questions if they practice them," he said., JUST IMAGINE PACIFICA'S NEW LIBRARY -- Step inside your new library, what do you see? You are invited to meet with our new library designers, Group 4 Architecture, to help create plans for all the features of a new library on Thursday, May 3. Drop-in 5 to 7 p.m.; meeting 7 to 9 p.m. at the Pacifica Community Center, 540 Crespi Drive. Questions? Call Thom Ball at 355-5196 ext 227., The newspaper said Firestone was being held in Bergen County Jail and the 15-year-old have been released to her parents., Late last October, just before the election and three months after the debut of The Plain Dealer's truth-seeking campaign watch, PolitiFact Ohio, I got an angry call from one of the newspaper's most dedicated critics., Although teachers and other educators make up just under half of all school employees, teacher pay scales are the most extensively studied., Kellogg's is not misleading people, says Barbara Haumann of the Organic Trade Association in Brattleboro, Vt. Consumers "are totally confused" and don't understand that the only way to get organic food is to buy organic, she says., As he has countless times before, Lagat put himself in the right position and then pulled away from all challengers. Kenyans Edwin Cheruiyot Soi and Isaiah Kiplangat Koech were second and third, respectively, a half second behind., "We are supportive of the bill as it came out of the House, but we're also supportive of the Senate's suggestions," she said. "That's how the legislative process works, isn't it?" She said the proposed changes were submitted last week., ST. CHARLES CHAMBER OF COMMERCE: general membership meeting, 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Aug. 17, St. Charles Convention Center. Includes Recognition of Service Excellence Awards. Lunch costs $25 ($20 for members who register by 5 p.m. Aug. 12). Register online at, "The little that I know him from last year and this year, he's going to be OK. He's going to use these last two outings as experience and keep going forward.", In July, the guardian gave Jessich a taste of freedom. Vogel allowed her to spend a night at home with her daughter, under the supervision of two out-of-town friends who had communicated with Jessich's son., The boom blew out several windows in the man’s apartment, but Parenti said the damage was contained to his residence. The apartment complex did not suffer any structural damage, there was no sustained fire, and no on else was injured, according to Parenti., By The Numbers:, They are, however, unusual for a terminal that isn’t even open yet., Davis' Celtics teammate the last four seasons, Paul Pierce, has been the leader of the faction that has been pushing for the union to decertify. Davis tells Murphy that his relationship with Pierce relationship has not put him in the loop., Viso: I think that when you're collecting in the context of a traditional institution you collect differently. You may have the same artists but you collect a different body of work., The officer was admitted to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn in serious-to-critical condition, police said. Authorities initially believed that the sergeant suffered only minor injuries, but later found more extensive injuries internally, authorities said., New Jersey closed Riverfront State Prison in Camden last year, saving at least $43 million annually. The state also stopped using a Kearny facility to house civilly committed sex offenders. Overall, the corrections budget dropped $67 million, to $1.08 billion, this year., The Chicago FBI office issued a statement that "there was no evidence developed of a planned or credible threat" to the upcoming summit or Chicago., The jockeying is a sign of other European governments' frustration with German dominance at the height of the euro-zone debt crisis last year—and a desire for a more multipolar Europe, which even some Germans would welcome., By the time he reached community college, his prospects hardly glimmered: He carried a D average and was asked pointedly by the college's counselor if he really wanted to be there. He supported himself part-time by working as a stock boy at the Gap, then helmed by Mickey Drexler. "It seemed I was naturally good at arranging things; lining up the fixtures, hanging things on the shelves," he says., There will also be proclamations for the finalist in the Mayor's Essay Contest, vendors who have been in the farmer's market for at least 25 years and students from Harford Day School and John Carroll School. The agenda also includes a re-appointment to the Economic Community Development Commission., "What I specifically said was that we were not going to prioritize prosecutions of persons who are using medical marijuana," the president said. "I never made a commitment that somehow we were going to give carte blanche to large-scale producers and operators of marijuana — and the reason is, because it's against federal law. I can't nullify congressional law.", 5211 DUKE DR $195,000, Smith told me by phone that the tower's site is not far from one of Saudi Arabia's best-known postwar buildings, Skidmore, Owings and Merrill's 1981 Hajj Terminal. Other than that, he added, the area "is pretty much a desert.", But most important of all, the relationship between P-Orridge and Lady Jaye comes off as heartfelt, and "Ballad" makes you feel something. Just like art., The bridge carries some 30,000 vehicles a day from the northbound I-405 into Long Beach. Crews blocked it off late Monday as they prepare to tear it down and rebuild it to make way for new carpool lanes on the freeway. The bridge is not scheduled to re-open until April 2012., But the star of the truck lineup will clearly be the smallest engine offered, the 3.5-liter EcoBoost. Ford will launch the EcoBoost F-150 early next year. Other versions of the 2011 pickup go on sale later this year., CJ Mahoney's will serve up finger foods like hot dogs and chicken wings from its Detroit location today., City officials declined to say whether or not Waks and police officers had stationed themselves at the library Wednesday night to prevent the tenant group from meeting., -<U+FFFD>Make hollandaise sauce, keep in warm pan of water set to low., In their first nine games, the Indians hit 16 homers. They haven't hit one in the past 10. It's their longest homerless streak in almost 30 years. They went 14 games without a homer in 1983 from Aug. 10 through Aug. 27., Invisible fumes from the buried pollution were so noxious that workers were left vomiting and staggering from the work site. The Army shut down the project, took workers to the hospital and launched a still-unfinished investigation into the cause of the mass exposure., It would clear the way for hundreds of billboards to be converted to digital advertisements. Current law says only billboards that comply with all federal and state rules can be digital. Senate Bill 607 would roll back the compliance date to Aug. 27, 1999 <U+0097> one day before double-stacked signs were outlawed. It would also allow digital advertising on signs that are less than 500 feet apart., "It'd be nice to thin out the traffic at the (headquarters) area," said Karl Tallman, the chief ranger for several parks in the Santa Cruz Mountains, including Big Basin. "On Saturdays and Sundays, on nice days, there are so many cars parked or idling here. It takes away from the aesthetic.", The square-jawed Pasdar previously starred in "Judging Amy" and the critically-hailed but short-lived "Profit." He's been married to Dixie Chick Maines for nine years., Speaking in Concord, N.C., Gingrich congratulated Romney on his victories: "It's a night that he has worked hard for, for six years, and … if he does end up as the nominee, I think every conservative in this country has to be committed to defeating Barack Obama.", When SJR 51 comes up for a final vote, Missouri senators should dig deep into their consciences and vote it down. They should protect the constitution, not rip it to shreds., Aton recently got some good news. The study has been extended 10 years to keep an eye on the long-term effects on 40 people selected from those who were in the trials nationwide. That means she gets the drug for free., The U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly blocked states from regulating high fundraising costs for charities., Stanley Gray, Shadid, who was fluent in Arabic, was known for writing about Middle East conflicts with a humanity often absent in other U.S. coverage. As a Washington Post reporter, he won two Pulitzer Prizes for his articles on the effects of the war — and later the U.S. troop withdrawal — on the civilian population in Iraq., CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- A judge has refused to put a West Virginia University's lawsuit against the Big East on hold while the conference's countersuit plays out in Rhode Island, saying he does not believe it will serve the interests of justice., The only run Smyly allowed stemmed from his throwing error on a play on which he was hit by a line drive., PROVIDENCE, R.I. — The No. 13 Princeton women’s water polo team defeated No. 14 Maryland, 6-5, to win its second-ever CWPA Eastern Championship yesterday. With the win, the Tigers advance to the NCAA Women’s Water Polo Championships for the first time in program history., "The Westmoreland affair, professionally and personally, was one of the most difficult times of my life," Wallace told the Chicago Tribune in 1989. "It was just devastatingly difficult because my integrity was put to question, and as a reporter, that's the single most important thing you've got.", 4th Street Media, 317 pp., $23.95, Starting next year, MoDOT will begin work on the road surface itself. The earthquake-strengthening work has involved punching holes through the deck, Venker said. The driving lanes will get a new concrete surface to extend the highway lifespan. More than three dozen expansion joints must be replaced. And the drainage system will get an overhaul., 31 KPMG Accountancy 365, 63128 South County; prices up 8 percent; median price $175,000; 49 homes sold., The Dow Jones industrial average rose 38.45 points, or, “Everybody was in my corner supporting me, telling me not to give up,” Womack said. “So everybody’s excited for me. It’s just a blessing that we received. We knew it could happen, but never knew when it was going to come. They don’t want me to let nobody down. They pushed me to do the right things. I’m excited to take my talents to Houston and take this opportunity for me and my family.”, oJoyful Noise, It's the rest of the picture on which they differ., "It's my understanding that the money is said to come from an inheritance after his grandmother's death, but there is no paper trail," the source said. "If it was an inheritance, it wasn't handled correctly.", Other birds checking out real estate for the next year hear the songs, Betts says. "They are going, 'Ha! That guy's got young, where he is must be good.'", BUENOS AIRES, Argentina - Adults who want sex-change surgery or hormone therapy in Argentina will be able to get it as part of their public or private health care plans under a gender rights law approved Wednesday., In her off time, she loves to read, listen to music and spend time with her 70-pound greyhound, Stella, "who makes me go outside whether I want to or not.", Frank Germano*, Wille, who defeated Cam Newton of Ladue in the semifinals, almost had a double bagel in the championship match. She won the first set 6-0 over Tess Herder of Lee's Summit and had a 5-0 lead in the second set before Herder won a game. Wille wound up cruising to a 6-0, 6-1 victory., On Thursday, competing theaters will stage a fake wake and a phony funeral in Cle-Ire-land, following a film that just blew up our ever-verdurous villain, Danny Greene., The suspensions are scheduled to run through Monday morning., A: That you don't need a "world full of YES" to quote Roxie… but a "YES" at the right time can change your life as it did me when I accepted this part! I took a risk and I am so glad I did! I have gotten to experience the whole Broadway world from the inside and it's the most delightful community of talented and generous people., The Politico poll found the gender gap narrowing. Obama had a 7-percentage-point lead among women and Romney had a 7-percentage-point lead among men., Young Buffalo, Bailiff 8:30 p.m. Dec. 8. (tavern). $7., “We had 100 people sign up for the show,” Jones said. “Obviously, we couldn’t accommodate 100, so we narrowed it down to about 50, then held auditions.”, Others are Joint Base McGuire Dix in Lakehurst, Fort Devens in Massachusetts. Only the fourth, Fort Meade in Maryland, is open to the public., He realized that the skills he learned on the job weren't going to help him find his next one. He's now taking classes at Cuyahoga Community College's Unified Technology Center. James is focusing his efforts in school on learning how to run CNC machines - computer-programmed tools used in almost every manufacturing plant in the country. By April, he hopes to win certifications for operating and programming such tools., Young, the Post reported, was highly intoxicated and had to be taken to a local hospital to sober up before being transported to a police station., Saturday morning, it meant just as much to their mom to see Josh, 9, and Tyler, 6, hustling around the bases in the gym at Century College in White Bear Lake. The brothers have hypotonia, a condition that can affect physical and cognitive development. But with their Miracle League season just weeks away, they were eager to sharpen their skills at a clinic hosted by Century's fledgling baseball team., "We are on track with where we expected to be at this point in the year, and I continue to be very pleased by our performance," Lubrizol Chief Executive James Hambrick said in a written statement., SB 5 bans all public workers from striking and establishes penalties for violating the ban. Under current law, only certain workers, such as police and firefighters, cannot strike. Under SB 5, employers could obtain a court order to halt any strike. Workers who violate the court order and continue to strike could be subject to a $1,000 fine and/or punishments in state law for contempt of court. A first offense for contempt is punishable by up to 30 days in jail and up to a $250 fine., Rack rate: The list or published price for a hotel room. You'll see it often in brochures, rate cards and the back of the door in some states that require a legal posting of rates. Might as well call it "the highest rate" and it's rare that anyone pays it., "I'm excited," Deschler said "Everybody peaked today and they had their best rounds, so hopefully it will continue next week.", Proceeds from the drawing will be donated to the Sierra Nevada High School Cycling Organization, supporting student cyclists from Folsom and Vista del Lago high schools and Sutter Middle School, according to a city news release., The bill approved in the Senate on Tuesday would require that pain management clinics also must obtain a license. Pain management clinic operators would have to prove the facility is owned and operated by an authorized physician. Workers at the clinics also would be subject to criminal background checks., And for some, the gritty realism is no thrill., scoring team to just two points in the game's first two minutes,, Pink Thunder 2, 1 pinch crushed red pepper flakes, NHL SEMIFINALS, A 2002 Rutgers report said the state had struggled to gauge its progress and prepare an exit strategy., Blake and Taylor played together for two years in high school and two years in college. By the second time around, Blake had gone from being Taylor's little brother to one of the best players in college basketball., To read a bit about giantism is to be struck by the courage and uncomplaining good nature with which so many of the afflicted have borne the public scrutiny and sometimes the ridicule brought on by their unwanted exceptionalism., Another Portland park ranger told police that the two rangers were confronting O'Donnell about allegations that he had been exposing himself and harassing female hikers in Forest Park when he pulled out a six-inch knife and allegedly attempted to attack both rangers., "The bill that emerged from the General Assembly retained the bull's-eye core of everything that I was aiming at," he said Friday. "So I was delighted that the heart of the legislation was retained.", Joan & Gary D Smith, "It was a broken play," said John Whisenant, the Liberty's third coach in three seasons. "We wanted to get it in to Plenette or Nicole (Powell), and it got deflected to Sidney Spencer. She's a great shooter. She can make an open shot.", “Our Idiot Brother”, “Law abiding citizens bear the cost burden of Organized Retail Theft every time, But before that can happen, it's back to the annual spring ritual of teacher layoffs to close a projected $66 million hole in next fall's budget -- a gap caused by shrinking revenues partly linked to declining enrollment., Apparently there is a limit to how much people are willing to pay to pamper their cars and save a few minutes, even in car-crazy L.A., Pinfield insists that the sale and conversion of WRXP had little to do with sales or ratings. For the veejay, the success of RXP, however fleeting, demonstrated that an alternative rock station can work in New York City., Green sponsored the bill making Labor Day a state holiday., Sayreville, "Lately, what I've been saying, 'It must be hard to be normal because (there are) so few normal people running around now,' " says Larry., Halftime: Columbus Crew 0, Portland Timbers 0. The Crew have yet to score in the first halves this season., RECs also are bought by electric companies that are required to use renewable sources for a certain percentage of the energy they produce. By 2021, Missouri utilities must get 15 percent of the power they supply from renewable sources. It's possible they could meet that requirement by buying RECs and without building any new facilities., It’s this ability to find light during a trying time that has left her as she is now — wise beyond her years and anxiously awaiting college life., Of the four candidates running for two seats on the Foxborough Board of Selectmen, two support opening negotiations with Las Vegas casino operator Steve Wynn over his plan to build a $1 billion resort on land leased from New England Patriots [team stats] owner Robert Kraft. The other two candidates oppose any further discussion of a casino., o"Communication is key.", “If you don’t come in early and show your discipline, you’re never going to earn that respect from your players,” senior captain Toben Opurum said. “Some people see it as harsh. But the fact that he’s doing it now, more so than later, it definitely will help him down the road.”, But Marc Paul Griffith couldn't be blamed for assuming the Clackamas County Sheriff's Office would turn him down. After all, the 29-year-old U.S. Air Force member had been turned down by five other Oregon police agencies, his wife said., And that puts Dillon in an awkward position philosophically., Capt. Ronald S. Clark, a former Guard auditor who became a whistle-blower, said he revealed his concerns about alleged incentive fraud to law enforcement authorities and The Bee last summer because Guard leaders at first ignored the problems and rebuffed lower-level officers who first raised concerns., (Wives everywhere will appreciate that he then tried to pass it off to his wife as a "teachable moment" -- to which she pointed out she wasn't the one who needed teaching.), This is a page-turning novel of hard choices and survival, narrated by a woman as unforgettable and complex as the events she describes., "The challenge is to keep the cows cool, with misters and fans in the loafing sheds," said Kelly Smith, director of marketing and commodities at the Missouri Farm Bureau., A Surprise man was arrested after shooting his 15-year-old daughter with a pellet gun to punish her, authorities said., Ford Motor Co.'s sales fell 5.1 percent, but the decline followed two straight months of rising sales. Two of the Dearborn, Mich. company's vehicles -- the Focus and Escape -- were top sellers in the clunkers program., Conjecture on who winds up in that third spot has ramped up in part because of the rookie wage scale that sets contract parameters for high picks., Our dear friend, former Gov. Ted Strickland, who never met a gun he didn't love, was poised to sign the bill into law last December. Had Budish not defied his governor, gun-toting patrons would already be congregating in family restaurants all over Ohio., — Multigenerational households, or those containing three or more parent-child generations, increased in the United States from 3.9 million in 2000 to 5.1 million in 2010., Pharmacy services revenue rose 32.3 percent to $18.3 billion. Drugstore revenue rose 9.9 percent to $16 billion., New Jersey Local News Service reporter Ryan Hutchins contributed to this report., Arguments heated between residents and Comey as he attempted to calm nerves as residents demanded answers about drug use, gangs and loitering on the streets., “Matty's in a good place in a lot of ways,” Showalter said. “He's seeing the ball well, letting it travel, putting a lot of good at-bats together. When he makes them throw the ball in the strike zone, he's pretty lethal.”, Bolton said the court also does not have the authority to review the enforcement decisions, or lack thereof, of the federal government., With a grater, grate bittersweet chocolate over each portion and serve immediately., Chief Justice Eric Brown and Justice Paul Pfeifer disagreed with the majority, arguing satellite TV companies are unfairly punished because they invest less in Ohio than cable TV companies. To deliver services, the cable companies have to hire thousands of Ohioans and pay a franchise fee to local governments to install cables., "We do not say there should be a de facto moratorium waiting for that," Ulmer said. "Instead, we talk about the importance of doing the research with a specific timeline and focusing the research on decisions that need to be made, both by the private sector and the public sector.", Located along the Romantic Road in Bavaria, this walled city is one of the country's favorite tourist destinations. Visitors can walk along the top of the 1.5 miles of wall that surround the old town. Dawn and dusk provide the best countryside views. Half-timbered houses line winding, cobbled roads., Republic reporters David Woodfill, Jim Walsh, Art Thomason, Nathan Gonzalez, Luci Scott, Edythe Jensen, William D'Urso, Mary Beth Faller, Philip Haldiman, Lisa Halverstadt, Brealyn Nenes and Daniel Jacka contributed to this article., Alizadeh estimated that charges are filed in only 2 to 5 percent of cases of children with STDs. She said her team of seven attorneys was currently handling three with victims under 12., Though lecture halls are shady and cool, attendees would be wise to bring plenty of sunscreen and hats for events at the outdoor venues and stages — hot, sunny weather is expected., Coach: Larry Sutherland, The bishop's words were met with a standing ovation in the packed, 1,200-seat cathedral., San Diego SeaWorld officials say the park in Queensland, Australia isn't affiliated with the U.S. chain. No similar break-in has occurred here, says spokesman Dave Koontz, crediting a multitiered security system., "The heroism is not as tangible as one would imagine," he said. "What I found interesting is that the image we have of the soldier who hands out all of this food to children is not real. That is sometimes the case, but really it's about this worldwide supply chain that moves stuff. A lot of these people are working in these isolated boxes. It may seem impersonal, but it makes an impact.", Evidence suggests that the three were killed inside the apartment, possibly a week ago, police said., A: Honda says it is not planning to develop a direct replacement for the Element. However, the car maker has been guiding fans of the discontinued vehicle to its new CR-V compact crossover. Of course if you (and your dog) try one out you'll see that the CR-V's interior space isn't as "perfect" for pets, bikes and other gear as the Element's., When Damon signed with the Indians, the deal included an agreement that said he could ask for his release if he had an issue with playing time or felt he wasn't a good fit on the club. The agreement was to protect Damon from losing a serious amount of playing time if and when Grady Sizemore returns from the disabled list., No weight was announced for Lars, the son of Nicolai and Aleksandra Kolding and the brother of Henryk, 5, and Thomas, 8., 2:24 p.m.: Sen. Loretta Weinberg (D-Bergen) says she plans to listen to the governor, "And I’ll do what my kids do when I lecture them: Ignore it.", He talked about the Serenity Prayer, which helps us to know the difference between what we can control and what we can't., Brooklyn also considered buying land where the company has a walking track, the site of the former Memphis Drive-In. The city estimated that would save the company more than $890,000 over 15 years., How will this divorce change me? This layoff? This death of a loved one?, James' path from king to convict was unusually swift, starting around the same time he abandoned a 2006 re-election bid and effectively ceded the office to his young rival, Cory Booker. That summer, FBI agents raided a storage garage James rented in Hillside, and newcomers at City Hall turned over records detailing years of travel and entertainment expenses he had billed to city-issued credit cards., Concert Q&A, California could never compete with Mississippi on costs. But Mississippi's success is due to more than cut-rate costs and sweet tax breaks. Mississippi assigns individual project managers to each new company, essentially walking the company executives through the permit and construction process., Conversely, if a people's values hold sharing and cooperation to be most important, its economy will be less cut-throat, and more egalitarian., "I see LeBron James is doing commercials for McDonald's. Goodbye, Ronald. Hello, Burger King.", Labor department spokesman Scott Allen responded in writing to some questions and declined to answer others, citing procurement laws and Job Corps' own investigation that is following the Inspector General's., O'Donnell said there's no need for a special session to raise taxes because the state already has a balanced budget. He also pointed to the cost of bringing lawmakers back to Annapolis, estimated by the Department of Legislative Services at about $21,000 a day., "That's what I like about all the characters," McIntyre said. "Every single one has death riding at them at every turn.", The entire incident is captured on a video taken by photographer Jeffery Ford, who pulled out his camera and started rolling when the chilling scene began to unravel., Today at Cherry Creek, The case went to the jury on Tuesday afternoon. A day and a half later, the verdict was in., Authorities say Crundwell bought luxury homes and vehicles, and spent millions on her horse-breeding operation, RC Quarter Horses, LLC, which produced 52 world champions in exhibitions run by the American Quarter Horse Association., 97 Longview Drive, $570,000, 03-14-12, 1,110 SF, 3 BR; 1972:$30,000, Vampire squid indeed., In the end, all sides appeared frustrated with Quan, who has had trouble articulating a consistent position to win support for her decisions., But, what's this? Perhaps Tustin was just a decoy. From the sound of it, the main enemy effort must be to take Disneyland. From the intensity of the fire to be heard from there, the enemy must be scaling the walls of the Happiest Place on Earth itself. How ignominious and perfidious are the intentions of these profane invaders., "We have high expectations for high levels of performance here," Herrmann said., "Neda! Neda!" the 25-year-old cried out. "What will I do?", Richard D'Amato Jr. of Bayonne is charged with two counts of attempted sexual assault of a minor, two counts of attempted lewdness to a minor and child endangerment., Snow-covered fields along the road provided the perfect contrast to see a wolf in the distance. There are several wolf packs in the park, and they have proliferated since several dozen were captured in Canada and turned loose in 1995. But they are usually viewed only at dawn as they cross the valleys., Ravi's lawyer, Steve Altman, has asked the students about what Ravi said to them about his feelings toward gay people. The most serious charge Ravi faces is bias intimidation, meaning he targeted Clementi because of his sexual orientation. If convicted on that charge, he faces up to 10 years in prison., "We want to improve the quality of driving," says Anthony Levandowski, the project manager for Google's self-driving-car effort. Still, Google doesn't yet know exactly "what the business model is for a return on investment," he says., Maholm (4-2) allowed three hits and three walks in seven innings and won his four consecutive start while allowing one or no runs. After giving up six runs in four innings in each of his first two this season, he’s 4-0 with a 1.07 ERA in his past four., Hollywood launched a potentially record-shattering summer with a vengeance, "The Avengers" landing as just the first of three huge superhero tales that highlight a lineup filled with other blockbusters in the making., Kelly Grummons, co-owner of Timberline Gardens, warns that gardeners who do a drastic pruning need to be prepared to live with a stump, because some species take three to five years to come back — if they come back., "We don't need more regulations," he said., Not so with Pizzetti. His Petrarch triptych had a much wider emotional compass, of which Filianoti took full advantage., "We would be ostriches with heads in the sand if we let students drop out and fail," she said., When he was interviewed by Brokaw 50 years later, Guthman credited his military experience for the disciplined approach he took to documenting the newspaper stories he would later write and edit., His son today distributed a statement from St. Vladimir Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral -- the church Demjanjuk attended -- defending Demjanjuk. The statement said it was praying for his family. The church says it believes evidence of his innocence eventually will come to light., "If you need to rank them, it's LaMichael," Loville said. "He's going to hold every single record.", ‘‘He's been a good football player since he came here,'' Smith said. ‘‘Of course, he's outstanding now, and everyone is noticing him. But I've seen the same guy just about every day I've been here.'', He almost did it again. After a gut-wrenching trade to Detroit in 1960, Colavito returned to old Municipal Stadium with the Tigers on July 5, 1962 and hit three straight homers, missing a fourth with a monstrous drive into the upper deck that landed about 15 feet foul., 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse sea salt, plus more to taste, Blame Canada., "It's very ironic, that in order to suppress acid production by the stomach you first must stimulate it to make acid," he says., A mother and her three young daughters were killed; only the husband and father managed to escape as the van was carried away., The Little Shop Around the Corner will hosts a sale from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Friday, May 11 through Sunday, May 13 at the Missouri Botanical Garden, Orthwein Floral Display Hall, 4344 Shaw Boulevard, with up to 80 percent off prices., For her, April 18 is not a time for costume balls or Val Diamond, but a time that deserves a somber recognition., Coping with change has been a theme this offseason for almost everyone else., An occasionally by-the-numbers, often moving documentary about the Youth America Grand Prix, a U.S. ballerina competition, "First Position" stirs memories of the spelling-bee doc "Spellbound." The young subjects compete for scholarships and potential careers, and in several instances, the journey they've traveled is evident in their drive. Their devotion to their art is admirable, and the film gets under the skin, if never really in our blood., An 18-year-old Hampton University freshman who had won Oak Park and River Forest High School humanitarian awards for helping classmates, Browning was on spring break in April 1994 when he and two friends cruised out from the suburbs in a Suzuki 4x4 and crossed an unseen gang boundary on Chicago's West Side., Her son, David Spotts, a junior economics major at DePauw University in Indiana who raised money for the Foodbank as a high school student, saw an instant philanthropic tie-in with a hefty animal not usually associated with the season's eight tiny reindeer., For this tour, Iglesias is joined by pop-bachata sensations Aventura, who are New Yorkers of Dominican ancestry. Their most recent album "Kings of Bachata: Sold Out at Madison Square Garden" (Sony International) demonstrates their teen-pop appeal and is a good introduction to the twangy-guitar sound of bachata., Bergevin, 46, was born in Montreal, played 20 seasons in the NHL (including two stints with the Blues) and served as a scouting director, assistant coach and assistant GM., Details: Thursday, April 12, through Saturday, May 26. Broadway Palm Dinner Theatre, 5247 E. Brown Road, Mesa. 480-325-6700, broadwaypalmwest.com., Information on possible injuries was not immediately available., Bills being debated in state legislatures in Ohio, Virginia and Georgia that ..., Hamilton faced top-ranked Phoenix Pinnacle, a team Hamilton hasn't played this year, on Thursday. The winner advances to the state quarterfinals on Saturday. The loser will play in an elimination game Saturday., The falsetto-powered 17-year-old student from San Jose, Calif., impressed the "Idol" judges with DeBarge's "I Like It" on Wednesday's 1980s-themed installment, but he wasn't rescued by the panel Thursday after receiving the fewest viewer votes., This weekend, customers at the local Pavilions supermarket on Pacific Coast Highway donated $27,490 and customers at the Vons in Los Alamitos gave another $6,061. The supermarkets contributed $25,000 – for a total of $58,551, a supermarket spokesman said Tuesday. Meanwhile, Mother's Tavern, a biker bar in Sunset Beach, held a community benefit barbecue Sunday that attracted more than 200 well-wishers and brought in $10,300, said salon manager Alison Carman., The St. Louis Area Chapter of the Seabee Veterans of America will host a ceremony dedicating the U.S. Navy Civil Engineer Corps and Navy Seabee monument at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery., Joe Frank, Scottsdale, Ariz., In all my travels, I've had only one serious case of water-based sickness -- in Jerusalem. But that once was enough; when in doubt, go for the Evian, Vichy, San Pellegrino, or, as someone I know calls it, "Prairie Water.", 1/2 cup walnuts or almonds, The letter says Warner Bros. is within its rights to terminate Sheen’s contract because of “incapacity” — offering the 2011 Tiger Blood media tour as evidence — and moral turpitude, “including but not limited to furnishing of cocaine to others as part of the self-destructive lifestyle he has described publicly.”, WALTHAM, Mass. -- Shares of A123 Systems tumbled by double digits to an all-time low Monday after the company said it would have to replace battery modules and packs that might be defective., A 6-foot right-hander, Miller was a two-time all-state selection at Kennedy en route to establishing school records for career strikeouts (481) and ERA (0.75). She set the Kennedy single-season ERA mark of 0.19 as a junior. Miller won 27 games over her junior and senior seasons, pitching the Celts to co-championships of the AAA Conference both years., Where's the best place to live in Greater Cleveland?, On Sunday, a 15-foot mechanical Tyrannosaurus rex puppet from the upcoming Secaucus attraction "Field Station: Dinosaurs" will provide a bit of animated history and a dramatic centerpiece to the day., A: Hey, Brian: Massaquoi missed a lot of work, but the good news is he worked with McCoy and the other skill position players in the four Camp Colts during the lockout. So he's not coming in entirely out of the cold. I think he will benefit from the switch to the West Coast system. As for Pinkston, we will only find out during the regular-season games. I do think the Browns will be looking for a guard with experience -- just in case. Billy Yates would look real good right now., At St. Francis of Assisi at 26th and K streets in midtown, a packed church of roughly 800 people sang hymns, prayed, received communion and recounted the Stations of the Cross, which follow Jesus through his condemnation, crucifixion and burial., ''It's so cliche, but it's just prepare for the next one, one at a time." - Taylor Pyatt, Coyotes forward, on his team's 2-0 Western Conference semifinals lead over Nashville., "We think that we have turned out graduates that have been incredibly important for the state of Oregon," she said. "Our graduates perform better than the norm nationally.", GAME NOTEBOOK: Nashville coach Barry Trotz did not offer a guarantee that Radulov and Andrei Kostitsyn would return to the lineup for Game 4. "Tonight, if we get it done, then I would expect we would go back to the same group," Trotz said prior to the game ... Fisher's goal was his first in the postseason since Game 3 against Anaheim in last season's conference quarterfinals ... Nashville's Matt Halischuk exited the contest midway through the second period after injuring his back while being taken into the end boards. He returned later in the session ... Charlie Daniels performed during the first intermission., But what will you really have each month for retirement if you take a lump sum now?, "It is rare that a person gets up in the morning and looks forward to going to work, but I do.", Baltimore Ravens Grade: B+, "He has built a team and a program that are capable of providing Balboa Park institutions (with) the basis for participation at a national level in the important and growing area of new technology," said Peter Ellsworth, president of the Legler Benbough Foundation, in a statement., Priola said he talked to Steadman about the difficulty of Republicans in a primary supporting the bill., Construction is in full gear at the shopping center, where an investment firm seems to be moving in next to Eddie Jacobs. After severe termite and structural damage was revealed during the renovation of the former Roland Park Bakery & Deli, renovation of the new Tony Foreman-Cindy Wolfe restaurant has stopped, but structural repair is underway., Although the initiative was announced in 2009, the White House started its clock a year later, at the 2010 summit, and considers this the two-year checkpoint., ECMC services and insures more than $11 billion in student loans for the U.S. Department of Education. ECMC also owns Premiere Credit LLC, a federal student-loan collection agency. No Premiere accounts were affected by the theft, Mr. Hawn said., Bauer proposed to Shourd in January 2010 while both were in prison, fashioning an impromptu ring out of threads from his shirt., "I wouldn't burden Daniels with calling him my role model," Christie joked, but added that Daniels offers a positive example of tackling state financial problems., Please correct me if I’m wrong, but my understanding is the mayor and council are elected to serve the citizens. Has the definition of public service, or the oath they take to serve the public, changed recently? If so, they haven’t informed us of that either., The process now shifts for the Chiefs from player acquisition to football. The NFL’s collective-bargaining agreement allows the Chiefs to begin some work, mainly individual drills, on the field today., -- stayed at No. 11 19 times., Bill "Spaceman" Lee came from a more distant place -- somewhere north of normal -- to the ballpark where he made his name as a pitcher in the late 1960s and '70s with a penchant for speaking his counter-culture mind., "He's been home caring for her the past couple of weeks," Penner said in an interview., I wandered into the shop, filling my lungs with the rich wafts of coffee. The man behind the counter gave me a bemused look; his eyes flickered. I asked for a latte. He shrugged, the milk steamer whined, and he handed over the brimming paper cup. I turned my back on his uneasy face., Right-handed starter Doug Fister is fine. He'd missed one start because of pain and swelling in the middle finger of his pitching hand. In six innings against Houston on Sunday, he allowed one run and four hits. His next start comes Saturday against the Boston Red Sox in the season's second game at Comerica Park., "The organization has to make sure they'll give him the tools," DV said. "They just fired a good football coach (Steve Spagnuolo.) The last two guys (including Scott Linehan) could coach. They've proved that. So there's other reasons why they're losing. Why do they not have good enough personnel. Why do they not have enough depth on the roster. Someone has to be held responsible for that. It's not always the coach.", "A bad economy is no excuse to abandon firefighters," said U.S. Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-N.J.) who announced the award at the department’s training facility. "It’s an opportunity to create jobs and prove our commitment to safe neighborhoods and a secure America.", When people don't understand or lose sight of the ultimate goal, their motivation can diminish, causing inaction. When an assignment or project stalls, "Start a conversation to ensure that everyone understands what the big-picture commitment is and who is responsible for which parts," Hayashi says., And then there's clutching your throat., "That happens all the time around the National Football League, and it's not unique to Gregg Williams, it's not unique to the Washington Redskins, the Buffalo Bills, the New Orleans Saints. That happens throughout the league.", numbers of jobs we don't know about.", Mary Kay also talks about what might be ahead for the Browns in free agency; and what the future might hold for Browns QB Colt McCoy., Timeless tip: This color has a romantic elegance that makes it ideal for a black-tie affair. Use lush floral arrangements to keep it from looking stark., 1 small dash Angostura bitters, optional, But this is a story of just the opposite, as shown by a Plain Dealer review of lobbying reports, campaign contribution records, corporate financial filings, government audits and interviews to examine how a single Ohio company interacts with Washington. Invacare, a publicly traded company with substantial revenues from Medicare, the government health insurer for seniors, has had more frustration than success, as it acknowledges., OPINION: Deputy Editor Mike Tipping: 714-796-7784, Both men said they want to clamp down in illegal immigration, create programs to make sure jobs go only to legal immigrants and deport some of the 11 million men and women in the country unlawfully., Wong has agreed to a bonus of $1.3 million and will report to Class A Quad Cities on Monday., But when the game beckoned for a hero, it was the rookie point guard who always answered the Bat Signal. Statistical gurus will use numbers to say Irving was among the league's most clutch players. Historians will use variables -- at least 18 points and five assists -- to say Irving's rookie season was on par with those of former No. 1 draft picks such as Oscar Robertson and Magic Johnson., Despite this, science fiction is having a comeback in the country. Thriving online fan sites host legions of amateur sci-fi writers. China's leading sci-fi magazine, Science Fiction World, boasts a circulation figure of 100,000. (American writers such as George R.R. Martin are also in demand in translation.), The agency will ask a panel of advisers Thursday whether Arena has provided enough data to address those and other risks., But at $7 a meal, PDQ is within a buck of Chick-fil-A, the biggest chicken chain behind KFC, which freezes its meats and fries., Cal beat both of the Oregon schools on the road a year ago and will look to do the same in 2012 to maintain its share of the Pac-12 lead., Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback, a Republican, spoke at the arena shortly after Perry. Florida Gov. Rick Scott, also a Republican, addressed the event by recorded video., Clinton, who was the driving force behind the funk powerhouse bands Parliament and Funkadelic in the 1970s, grew up in Plainfield. He started his first group, the Parliaments, in 1955, paying the bills by working as a hair straightener at a barbershop on Plainfield Avenue and Third Street., Ten days after the December search warrant was served at Crane's grandmother's home, Mesa police were called to the home of Michael Noel, who told them that he is Crane's uncle, a police report said., "I’ve come to Newark just looking around in the last couple of years, and every time I come, I just get a better feel for it.", "C.J. is getting closer," Thibodeau said., John Adams @ Cardozo (Tuesday, 4 p.m.), On thing is for sure, Escudero won't give up on his goal of winning in the UFC. He's done it before. He said he's a better fighter than he was a a year or two ago., Still, even with a rising standard of living in Asia, labor costs there are far lower than the United States, Curleigh said., Vice President Joe Biden, whose weekend declaration that he's "absolutely comfortable" with gay marriage nudged Obama to take on the politically hazardous subject, credited the 1998-2006 TV sitcom "Will & Grace" with doing "more to educate the public than almost anything anybody's done so far." The show featured two main characters — a heterosexual female and a gay male — trying to understand their friends, their challenges and their lives., In six weeks of searching the Internet for any news or observations about James and his future, one comment from a colleague who shall remain nameless stands out: "Everybody has an opinion, but nobody has a clue.", Influenced by David Copperfield growing up, Blagg wanted to do something a bit different. He wanted to make magic even more interactive., Finding a new school bus company has helped the Granite City School District avoid difficulties due to state cuts to transportation funding., "We pretty much got what we deserved today," said Tigers coach Lori Blade, whose team committed two errors and left 11 runners on base. "We've been pretty complacent in practice, and I've been waiting for this to happen. Work ethic has kind of gone downhill this week. I'm surprised, but I'm not. My teams don't normally drop fly balls and lack of communication. Give up those unearned runs, and that's what's going to happen.", "They learned a lot of lessons from the old terminal," Allison said. "People aren't going to be as packed in.", "These details are currently being determined by the integration planning teams as they decide the best way to integrate the two carriers," a Continental spokeswoman said., Yet the investigation and autopsy reports released late Monday show the acts of a violent man who meticulously planned the double murder-suicide of himself and his two young sons, culminating Sunday in Powell setting his house ablaze and taking a hatchet to his children's necks., “I recognize that you are a very talented football coach,” Long wrote, “but the university may not disregard your conduct or sacrifice its integrity, reputation and principles.”, Gov. Chris Christie announced in a press conference this afternoon he would not run for president. "I will not abandon my commitment to New Jersey. I will fix a broken New Jersey. I'm proud of the work we've done, but I know I'm not nearly done," the governor said. The news came after reports he was reconsidering a run for the White House and speculation about his decision in the last week. Christie had insisted for quite some time he would not run for president., Mail carrier Michele Smith shed tears while holding up her large handmade sign that read "Enough is Enough.", A recent survey by Walgreens suggested that one-third of respondents spent between $251 and $1,000 treating the flu last year., Ficano's appointees work for the county in a variety of roles, including running departments, outreach programs and the like. They're all paid with public dollars -- about half of his 187 appointees last year made $100,000 or more., Hitchcock spoke about King's hit on Pietrangelo and how his own approach has changed to such issues through the years., 4 (4 oz. each) skinless, center-cut, wild-caught salmon fillets, JEFFERSON CITY -- The bad news for Democrats since the Missouri Legislative session ended continues to pile up. State Rep. Tim Meadows, D-Imperial, was the latest to run into legal trouble., Prepare for fresh-fried tortilla chips -- chips so hot that the air shimmers above them. And for billows of creamy guacamole, tinged with smoked trout and bacon -- and a wide variety of other flavors. Margaritas come in flights here, often with freshly made syrups. And don't miss what chef Eric Williams can do with adobo seasoning on lamb chops or with a nut crust on trout. They are all good things and perfectly good reasons Williams is earning national attention, not to mention a devoted following., As Christians, we believe in the sanctity of human life. We believe that God knits each human together in the mother's womb. We obey the Sixth Commandment—you shall not murder—and believe that abortion is not justifiable, although action can be taken to protect the life of a mother., Prosecutors said that McGee-Harris looted $6 million from clients; lawyer Scott Rosenblum said that the amount was in dispute., Crews filled in curb lane troughs that battered southbound West 117th travelers approaching Bellaire Road. The repair took place after an online reader at cleveland.com/roadrant posted a comment sharing her rim-rattling experience at the crossroads. Road Rant forwarded the complaint to the traffic folks at Cleveland City Hall., But even as Sullivan admitted he might have been involved in the cases, there was little chance he could have been charged with crimes. That's because the questions resulted from interviews with other drug users who had no details to support the allegations., Their bill was aimed at forging a compromise on extending the payroll tax break. But its provisions dealing with the Environmental Protection Agency prompted law professor Sidney Shapiro, of Wake Forest University, to conclude that McCaskill must be girding for a tough re-election fight., Early line: Ravens by 71/2., "Watkins was in court at the time that I was talking to him and he was still scamming while he was being prosecuted," Thompson said in a recent interview. "I don't know, for some reason my hackles got up.", The homes were sold at sheriff’s sales, for prices that more than covered what the original owners owed on the mortgage and taxes. The resulting “surplus funds” in each case amounted to thousands or tens of thousands of dollars — and the original owners were legally entitled to that money., The president's staff apparently was unaware, however, that the customer had been released from prison a few months earlier after serving a sentence for assaulting a Lake County sheriff's deputy in 2004., ¦4, The monkey's hands were very soft, very velvety as they danced over my neck and shoulders. The creature was chattering gently, right next to my ear. Then it tugged. I tugged back. The monkey tightened its grip and pulled harder. Not exactly the story I'd planned to write: Padangtegal Ubud, Bali - Primate Garrotes Writer in Sacred Monkey Forest Sanctuary. But there I was in the surreally mystical refuge of macaca fascicularis - the Balinese or long-tailed macaque monkey - being strangled to death by two little hands and four shiny strands of red coral., Nisi Prius is a social "court" whose members, known as "serjeants," meet weekly for lunch and song. They put together a decadent annual dinner and performance, the Grand Assize, where a white-wigged "judge" -- this year David Goodman, managing partner of Squire Sanders in Cleveland -- presided over the dinner and program Friday for friends and family and Saturday for clients and dignitaries., "I'll continue to write specialized stuff -- and in ways that new media enhance our cooking knowledge, ways that haven't been possible in books," Ruhlman says., COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Ohio's presidential primary will likely be moved from March to May once GOP lawmakers roll out their final version of a wide-ranging election reform bill, possibly by the end of the week., "Mr. McNamee is a serial liar who has engaged in myriad episodes of relevant misconduct," Clemens' lawyers wrote., A narrow plurality of voters, 39 percent, singled out Republicans in Congress for blame for inaction in Washington while 31 percent said the administration and congressional Republicans and Democrats were all to blame., "The moshing back then, everyone was jumping up and down and everyone went in a flow," Tindall said. "Today, things have changed. They swing fists and they kick. We put a stop to it. We tell them, 'Do it again and you're gone.' We want kids to have fun and enjoy the show.", Thursday with robbery after a carjacking in the parking garage of Lumiere Place casino downtown., Cuisine: What do you get when you combine top-of-the-line ingredients with culinary imagination and technique? You get Noca, offering superb seafood crudo, homemade pasta, Kurobuta pork and complimentary cotton candy., Foster Washington knows the odds are against him. The Los Angeles Southwest College student is a 20-year-old from a tough neighborhood in Watts where, he says, there was little encouragement or preparation for college., LF Brett Gardner is unlikely to come off the disabled list when he's eligible to do so Thursday, as the Yankees plan to send him on a rehab assignment of one or two games before activating him. Gardner has tested his injured right elbow in batting practice, but he's unlikely to return before Friday or Saturday., It would only make sense that someday these creative parents would find a creative way to entertain not only their kids, but other adults, too. Because what parent wouldn't kill for a little entertainment they don't want to kill?, He got the heave-ho for a laundry list of deceit, deception and outright lying about his relationship with a woman half his age., Menza said of the officers who will be laid off are "four of our best. They're street level guys. They're on patrol." But he called it a necessary evil to maintain fiscal solvency., The Flemington-Raritan school district and the teachers' union, which has been without a new contract since June 30, 2010, appear to have reached an agreement., To keep its tax credit, Ford must keep the Ohio Assembly Plant open for 18 years., And, of course, longtime social observer and skilled novelist that she is, Gordimer puts us, as the novel unfolds, at exactly that sort of social gathering — and in precisely that position., Wait . . . they were restricted? Yes, absolutely. The new freedom is easy to see even when you use the new iPad to run old old apps that haven't been optimized in any way. iOS renders all standard text and and all standard user elements at Retina quality automatically. The change can be transformative. River Of News, a Google Reader client that was last updated four months ago, is practically a new app. The left-hand column of subscriptions that once was a little too small and a little too difficult to read now looks like shrewd design. It's perfectly readable. The smaller text seems to say "Yeah, you want your attention over there on the article to my right. But hey, I'm here if you get bored and you want to browse for something else to read.", Your first experience with marketing was for an inline hockey league. It was trial by fire. I had a massive marketing budget of $0. But you don't need a budget now because of how the world has changed with online media., The team has informed Luck that he will replace Peyton Manning in Indy. The person spoke Thursday on condition of anonymity because the team has not publicly disclosed its plans. ESPN.com first reported the move., 'Bones', 2009 Rock Wall Stagecoach Vineyard Napa Valley Zinfandel ($40, 15.8%): Kent Rosenblum and daughter Shauna certainly know the style their partisans love. Here they've tapped the rocky Stagecoach site for a no-holds-barred expression. Intense, lusty cinnamon wood notes, with blackberry jam and a sweet licorice tone. Not subtle, but rewarding. As one taster put it, "This is the wine that will make you do something stupid." Hope not., “It’s a complex injury,” Guzkiewicz said of concussions in an interview. “No two concussions are the same. It’s like piecing together a puzzle. And we’re going to have to study a lot of concussions for us to get a clearer picture of the answer.”, Michigan State lost to host Illinois, 8-6, despite John Martinez's three-run homer in the sixth inning. The Spartans are 29-16, 10-8 Big Ten. ... Wayne State swept visiting Lake Erie, 5-4, in eight innings and 12-11 in the nightcap. In Game 1, Kyle Vesey scored the winning run on a wild pitch for the Warriors (30-17, 21-13 Great Lakes conference). ..., A property owner whose land includes the cypress where the parrots are known to perch, keep an eye on preying hawks and hide their hatchlings while they hunt for food wants the aging trees gone because he considers them a liability, neighbors say., "We couldn't let (Rose) get his game going, because he sets the tone for that team," Smart said. "You can't stop Derrick Rose one-on-one, but our entire team did an excellent job against him.", The financing had been denied. Steve says Integrity not only refused to offer him alternative financing, but refused to allow him to find any on his own!, He enjoyed caring for his two sons, ages 2 and 8. And Tsappidi, of Helmetta, remained persistent in his job search, combing the internet each day for openings. But he wasn’t having any luck., The event is hosted by the Missouri Department of Conservation and Ducks Unlimited and supported by grants from the Dana Brown Foundation and U.S. Bank., WASHINGTON —Expanding the prostitution investigation, the Secret Service acknowledged Thursday it was checking whether its employees hired strippers and prostitutes in advance of President Barack Obama's visit last year to El Salvador., Rosa Parks' bus., We holed up at the plush Crystal Peak Lodge, at the base of Peak 7. It's up the hill from the main town of Breckenridge, an old mining center with picturesque clapboard houses and twinkling white lights. A gondola connects the two areas, so you don't have to get your car out of the garage if you don't want to., If the answer is, we want to do both things, or rather we want to accomplish the former by means of the latter, then I would answer that it isn't necessary to make people thinner to improve their health -- which is a very good thing, given that we don't know how to make people thinner., 21. Seattle - Juan Leone Cruz, D, Southern Methodist., Top-seeded Caroline Wozniacki, still in search of her first Grand Slam title, plays Clijsters in a quarterfinal on Tuesday. The Belgian advanced to the quarterfinals with a comeback win over Li Na on Sunday in a rematch of the 2011 decider, while Kvitova had some trouble late before beating former top-ranked Ana Ivanovic 6-2, 7-6 (2) today., Iris Ferry - Drea de Matteo, The measure would add violations of the state’s hands-free cell phone law to a list of things considered reckless, like drinking or drug use. That means a driver who kills someone while talking or texting could be charged with vehicular homicide, or a driver who seriously injures someone might face an assault-by-auto charge., Logan met Beth before she knew it. He found her photo in the dust after a fierce firefight in Iraq. He lost comrades that day and one of them had her photo. Somehow, Logan manages to track Beth down in Louisiana without knowing whether she lost someone that day as well., "We're privileged to represent Hopkins in the NCAAs, and we're really proud that this is our 41st straight NCAA tournament," coach Dave Pietramala said. "That's the most in any sport in Division I. I think that's something that's under-publicized, and we're real proud of it. As for the No. 2 seed, it's where the committee put us. We would've accepted wherever they put us, and we would've put our noses down and went to work. So that's exactly how we're going to approach it.", Yet I find it puzzling that these dignitaries argue that making room for others to fully participate in society is viewed as hostility toward Catholicism., George Collins, a volunteer at the lighthouse for 16 years, says the new landscaping violates National Registry provisions by altering the grade of the land and changing the character of the property., WASHINGTON — Former presidential hopeful Rick Santorum urged his supporters to back fellow Republican Mitt Romney's campaign Monday in a late-night email that ignored that Santorum once calling Romney the "worst Republican in the country" during their bitter contest., Note: This story originally appeared Sunday, December 4, 2005, It costs a lot to send people to prison, and those supporting SB 163 are counting on huge savings from this reform as a source of funding for drug treatment programs. No savings, no treatment., MoDOT officials said the work will go on regardless of the weather., Oh man, Merle Dixon (portrayed by Michael Rooker) is so cool. He's like Daryl Dixon except without all the namby pambiness and pussyfooting. Yeah he's racist, sexist, boorish and homophobic, but he comes up with lots of good cutdowns and the camera loves him! I think that if he and Shane ever went toe-to-toe the fireworks would be as good as what they have at Disney World. And if they happened to join forces...?, The pride of Eliezer's life is a footnote dedicated to him in a monumental analysis of the Talmud by the legendary P. Feinstein, making him the only living person mentioned by name among thousands of notes., Fee: $250 per show at senior centers. Shows for charity are free., Lanz also fears that nearby businesses — one focus of the Division Green Street/Main Street Plan — will be hurt by a lack of parking in the area., "I'm also a bit of a mother hen, and I want to help my friends," Speer said., The couple was given a summons to appear in Jersey City Municipal Court, he said., She's the greatest female basketball player Arizona has ever produced. Voted The Republic's Player of the 20th Century., The fall levy loss resulted in a $12.7 million budget shortfall. Thompson explained, "by statute school districts are not allowed to run a deficit." To contend with the shortfall, the schools enacted a number of cost-saving measures, including more than 90 layoffs. Despite the layoffs, the district recently entered "fiscal caution," the first of three classes of financial distress. The third level, "fiscal emergency" would result in state takeover of all district operations., Source: Forbes, "On the whole our team is achieving a little more than I anticipated," Detmer said. "I thought we would be pretty solid, but the younger players are scoring better than I expected. Nathan Leingang and (freshman) Michael Barker are performing to a level I thought they were capable of, but I just didn't think it would occur this early in the year. The three juniors (Bert, Nick Osland, and William Pirtle) I was expecting as much from because they have proven they can play at a higher level and Nick is getting better at becoming more consistent and grinding out the best he can. Joey and William have both shown the ability to go low and in order to compete in regionals and sectionals, we have to have that kind of scoring., Talk back at JonahsColumn@aol.com., A Democrat and lifelong Newark resident with 20 years at the sheriff’s office, Rivera acknowledges he had his own brush with the law in the late 1990s., Hey, Mike and Frederick: I think the Cavs have varying amounts of interest in the players you suggest, but right now I think they're focusing on the lottery and draft to see how they can improve the team. They have stated their intention to be aggressive in an effort to use the trade exception, but I'm not sure any of those players will be made available by their teams and I doubt the Cavs can get three players of the caliber mentioned in Frederick's email., The marchers, who included people of all ages, some with children, carried signs and banners with many messages, some reading, "Occupy, barricade, communitize," "Occupy everything," and others that proclaimed solidarity with the Pelican Bay inmate hunger strikers., This newly published article details one of two clinical trials that were evaluated by the FDA before the agency decided to deny approval for Qnexa in October 2010. When the FDA's staff scientists combined the results of this study with a second study (both funded by Vivus, of Mountain View, Calif.) -- they concluded that the weight-loss difference between those taking Qnexa and those taking a placebo was "of nominal statistical significance.", Portland police say the video and audio recordings would provide "an impartial third-party account" that would be extremely helpful, particularly when it comes to reviewing officer-involved shootings. The federal justice department is investigating Portland police use of force, following a high number of officer-involved fatal shootings of people with mental illness., Some of us are also concerned that some bishops seem to have a problem dealing with women. We don't expect women to be treated as inferiors by the bishops. We do expect that Catholic women who espouse more liberal and progressive policies will be treated as well as more conservative women of faith., oAgenda item 6: The future, HAPPY HOUR: HavenHouse St. Louis hosts happy hour from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m. April 19 at Bar Napoli, 7754 Forsyth Blvd. in Clayton. The entrance fee is $10 and includes drink specials and appetizers. Proceeds go to HavenHouse and St. Louis Children's Hospital., Ragauckas and his wife bought a home in Secaucus in 2000, but on the application for the Jersey City home he falsely stated that he rented the Secaucus residence and said he had not owned any property in the past three years, officials said., Milkovich said when Dugan died, he dug through his scrapbook to appreciate the portrait once more., When the Vatican ruled parishes in the diocese which were closed in 2010 must be reopened since Bishop Richard Lennon did not follow proper procedures when closing these churches, it was widely believed St. Margaret Mary was among those churches on their way to being reopened. Obviously, St. Margaret Mary parishioners were overjoyed with the news and were just waiting to find out exactly when the parish doors would open once more., The stories of Benedictine lore include miraculous happenings, such as workers at the Monte Cassino monastery being resurrected from the dead and a stone remaining immobile because the devil was sitting on it., Drew Pomeranz received a hard-luck no decision after the bullpen couldn't hold a late one-run lead. Pomeranz gave up one run and four hits over 6 2-3 innings., Republicans said they did not want to create an unfunded mandate by forcing all counties to mail out absentee ballot applications, so they prohibited the practice across the board., As someone who was involved in the divestment movement against apartheid in South Africa, I read with interest the Rev. James W. Dale's recent commentary ("Choosing to stay engaged," May 4). I was appreciative of the author's recognition that the Israeli occupation is oppressive. However, the case against divestment from companies profiting from the Israeli occupation was not made. In fact, his commentary reminded me of the arguments made against divestment of companies involved in South Africa., “The constitution, which I’m sure he respects, calls for a seven-year initial tenure, at which point the governor has the authority to reappoint or not reappoint, Drewniak said., As the Hatch Act inquiry progressed, investigators began requested more detailed information, including records from the laptops used by Henry and another top Babeu aide. E-mails obtained by The Republic via a public-records request show that an employee said Babeu directed him to deny access to them., What to know: This bilingual exhibit uses rare photographs, statistics, career highlights and interviews to explore the life of Pittsburgh Pirates star and humanitarian Roberto Clemente, who died in a plane crash in 1972., "To balance the budget and begin to implement the ... Finance Committee's recommendations, we are compelled to propose difficult reductions and program changes," the city manager wrote in a letter introducing his fiscal year 2013 general fund budget., Then, two or three days later the family shows up at the lot to begin disposing of any leftovers and take down the building., Using dry-erase marker, draw line around whole watermelon about one-third down from top. Pick point on this line, then find corresponding point exactly on opposite side of melon. From those points, measure 1 inch to right and to left. Connect those points by drawing two parallel lines across top, forming shape of handle., During the past two Take-Back Days, Wilsonville residents turned in almost 240 pounds of pharmaceuticals to the Public Works building., Violent anti-war extremism, But one thing, Akridge said, must never change: "You should always expect the best of every child.", It is one of several books on the royal romance in the works. They include one by celebrity journalist Andrew Morton, whose 1992 book "Diana: Her True Story" rocked the royal family and punctured the image of Princess Diana's and Prince Charles' fairy-tale romance with its details of bulimia, depression and infidelity., Strongsville's request for a tax renewal appeared headed for defeat. After requests for new taxes were rejected in May and August, the district decided to go for renewal of an expiring tax. Teachers agreed to a complete freeze in pay this year and a hike in what they pay toward their medical insurance premiums., Oregon Fish and Wildlife officers are asking the public for help in finding the hunters responsible for wasting more than 400 pounds of elk meat., When Ludlow entered the race to chair Clackamas County's top governing body, some Republicans worried he would split the conservative vote with Savas and make it easier for a Democrat to win., Jackson has also been charged by Newark, Del. police with reckless endangerment for leaving the child in the gas station., As I wrote last week, White was the only player in the nation to lead his team in all five major categories: scoring (13.1 points per game), rebounding (9.2), assists (5.1), steals (1.2) and blocks (0.9). He was named first-team All-Big 12 as Iowa State (22-10) earned its first NCAA tournament appearance since 2005, the year the Cyclones beat the Gophers in the first round., Since its founding in 1998, Rathbun, Cservenyak & Kozol has become one of the largest law firms in Will County. With its vast resources and experienced attorneys, the firm is able to handle any case from inception to verdict. The firm has offices in Joliet, Plainfield, and Mokena and appears in all of the state and federal courts of Illinois., The American Heart Association has issued a recommendation for Americans to decrease their intake of added sugars. Sugar-sweetened beverages such as soft drinks, lemonade, and fruit drinks are the chief source of added sugars., Museum officials are braced for upward of 300,000 visitors this year, a figure that could grow as ambitious outreach programs and appeals as a family-friendly experience take root. "Art never played a role in Arkansas before," McCaslin said, "and this will change that.", “They look down about going there, but once they get down there, they appreciate where they are,” McMillan said. “It’s good for them.”, Murphysboro, IL 62966, That likely will happen less often, thanks to the new rules restricting the definition of a service animal to include only dogs (and miniature horses, in some situations) that have been trained to work or perform specific tasks to help someone with a disability., In a time of great financial and political uncertainty and budget cuts at all governmental levels looming, public-private partnerships become even more important to the city's future. Private investors require the certainty of an engaged, committed public-sector partner. A coherent community development vision of program and fiscal priorities and a structure to see them through would provide the sense of certainty that gives confidence to local government's essential allies and investors: neighborhoods, major educational and cultural institutions, businesses, and private developers from here and across the country. It's time to hear the candidates' plans for Baltimore's neighborhoods., Per serving: 610 calories, 28 g protein, 30 g carbohydrate, 42 g fat (8 g saturated), 113 mg cholesterol, 643 mg sodium, 1 g fiber., Well-spoken and confident, Pumper told jurors his whole sordid story -- the bribes, the kickbacks, the conspiracies, and, after federal agents approached him in 2008, the lies, the attempted cover-up and his eventual downfall., Bankruptcy lawyer Ed Nazar, who represents a couple of subcontractors who are owed money by Hawker Beechcraft, said the bankruptcy may hurt the ability of subcontractors and vendors to get paid for outstanding accounts. He also lamented that the filing wasn't made in Kansas., Into each skillet, add 1/2 teaspoon of salt and 1/2 cup of shrimp stock. Bring the mixture to a boil., Crushers 4, RiverHawks 0: Left-hander Paul Fagan (7-10) pitched a six-hitter, and Pat Norris hit his first homer of the season as host Lake Erie blanked Rockford (Ill.) in a Frontier League contest in Avon., Thing is, the free-agent market this summer just isn't very good. Babby said he is committed to keeping a competitive and entertaining team on the floor even if the Suns decide to save their powder, so to speak, for the summer of 2013. But we also believe that Steve Nash is going to move on if the Suns don't improve the roster. And if that happens, Suns fans might be wishing for another shortened season., The budget reduces reimbursements to counties to incarcerate prisoners charged with crimes under state law. The daily rate will drop to $19.58 from $22, saving an estimated $5 million., Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes. Israel, like the West, believes that Tehran is developing weapons technology, but there is intense debate over whether international economic sanctions accompanying the current round of negotiations might prevent Iran from developing a bomb, or whether at some point a military strike should be launched., The Redskins swapped their No. 6 for the Rams' No. 2, then gave up their second-round pick this year (39 overall) and first-round choices in 2013 and 2014., International Chocolate Festival, Coral Gables. Join us for the celebration of that divine tropical plant, the obroma cacao, the source of chocolate. For two days guests are immersed in the wonderful and diverse world of chocolate. From chocolate treats to tree sales, cooking demonstrations to chocolate sculpture competitions, chocolate will reign supreme., 12:30 p.m. Legends of Golf, Golf Channel, If you have been receiving legitimate interest from Division-IA schools, shoot me an e-mail at the address below. Coaches can also help us by e-mailing names and appropriate stats for any top prospects we may have overlooked., But while this is good news for an industry that has struggled to develop high-quality technology that consumers could afford, what does it really mean for TV viewers? Are there channels and shows that warrant an investment in a new 3D television?, From 1993-99, Flucas was a supervisor at the McLean County Juvenile Detention Center in Normal, Ill., and was a substitute teacher and coach at Normal Community High School., The eureka moment came when Caryl and Jerry Wilson vacationed in Scotland in 1999. Jerry, a voracious reader and bibliophile, had always dreamed of a home library to display and enjoy his beloved books. During a tour of Abbotsford in Melrose, home to novelist Sir Walter Scott, they entered Scott's impressive library; Jerry exclaimed, "This is it!", The city plans to meet with economic development experts this spring and coordinate with the economic development committee to create a commercial growth strategy for West Linn by the end of the year., Kevin McShane – and family – really want it., That will change as of June 1 if Gov. Martin O'Malley signs legislation approved by the General Assembly that would require campaigns to gather such information from donors who give $500 or more to a single candidate during a four-year election cycle., Monday's earnings call was the last with a member of the Ratner family at the company's helm. At Forest City's annual meeting Friday, longtime CEO Charles Ratner will become chairman of the board. He will be succeeded by David LaRue, the company's chief operating officer., "I've always carried a chip on my shoulder. ... I've never been dealt the great hand growing up. I've always had to go above and beyond. That's been my life. That's how I'm wired and that's who I am.", A small group of lawmakers have held "pro-forma" sessions every three days. These involve the quick use of a gavel to call a session to order -- and to immediately conclude it. Doing this seemingly fulfilled a constitutional requirement for avoiding a recess, which served singular purpose: to keep the president from going around the Senate during the winter break and making a recess appointment. Or so members thought., Is it OK to buy that organic peach in January if it comes from Chile, or is the fuel used to transport it too costly to the planet? What about the lives of the animals killed for food? Or those of the people who work in slaughterhouses or pick strawberries? When words like "sustainable" are marketing tools, how can a consumer figure out what to do? And can a family on a budget afford to eat sustainably?, "This all took a lot of give and take and Charlie certainly made some moves that are in the best interests of the county and that's a good thing," he said., The rows of trophies and plaques that line the walls and shelves of the band room stand as testament to the elder Mazzaferro's teaching ability., Smith's current office space is littered with Tazo memorabilia -- notable for the odd-looking (and wholly contrived) runes and tongue-in-cheek copy that Smith insists are primarily the work of his colleagues. Even the name Tazo originated with Sandoz, Smith says, and the tag line, "Reincarnation of Tea" was inspired by a fortuneteller that Smith recruited to pitch Tazo's fruit juice-infused teas to Nike., oThe deposition also includes discussion of Clemens' wife, Debbie, receiving a shot of HGH from McNamee in 2003 in their Houston home after the pitcher said she read a USA TODAY story about its possible health implications., The food at Saison is as exciting and intricate as at more traditional places, but the surroundings have been minimized. Only one eight-course menu is offered ($98; wine pairings, an additional $68); you either come for the full spread or stay at home., PUC Commissioner Simon wants to go beyond the current voluntary industry database to make sure state regulators know the critical details of the failures - including the brands of plastic pipe involved - and act on the knowledge., As The Post and others have pointed out, the bills contain lawyerly loopholes, including a 90-day grace period on reporting stock trades and a narrow limit on trading proscriptions, making them applicable only to “pending or prospective legislative action” involving the issuer of the securities., Alvin Boutte Sr. led the nation's largest black-owned bank and helped bankroll the civil rights efforts of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., The re-release date is timed to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the day (April 10, 1912) when the RMS Titanic set sail from Southampton, England, for New York City. It sunk five days later., Democrats saw it much differently, accusing Republicans of passing the buck for the nearly $2 billion in cuts to schools and local governments that will result in tax increases at the local level and put people out of work., "We're not here to gouge the fans just because we paid a nice price for this franchise," he said., 7 p.m. MWC final, New Mexico vs. San Diego State, NBCSN, <U+0093>This is not about me. This is about these 13 players,<U+0094> Calipari said. <U+0093>This is about the Big Blue Nation.<U+0094>, The government said in its lawsuit the bank's failures caused the government to foot the bill for loans that defaulted., Since then, the city has acquired land at the intersection of Eighth Avenue and 10th Street for $1.45 million for the planned construction and has appointed a citizen steering committee and a project manager., "We'll be okay," Moore said. "As long as it's not an anaconda or something.", Debra died of organ failure in 1999, and Patti had the ashes interred at the columbarium at Patti's church, All Saints Episcopal in Southeast Portland., But then Andrew, his cousin Matt and big-man-on-campus Steve discover some strange glowing Thing buried in a remote field. They soon discover that it's given them telekinetic powers. They can move objects. They can levitate things. They can fly., But once again, they pulled away in the second half and won going away, this time 34-17 against Washington in the last game at the current Husky Stadium., Because of 9/11, my entire life changed . . . as did the lives of every American., This year, the two friends linked Lent Madness with Forward Movement, a ministry of the Episcopal Church most known for its daily devotional "Forward Day by Day." Gunn, the executive director, said they saw the partnership as a chance for both Lent Madness and Forward Movement to increase their visibility, through Facebook and the website., The city's report was compiled by a commission appointed by the school board to review suspicious erasures on the tests at 58 city schools flagged by the state., The email might contain "privileged, confidential and/or proprietary information," they are told. If it landed in their inbox by error, they are strictly prohibited from "any use, distribution, copying or disclosure to another person." And in such case, "you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email.", Authorities believe smugglers put their passengers ashore and return to Mexico, when possible, to avoid losing their boats and leaving evidence behind. But they also abandon the boats and run for it if they sense they're about to be caught., All of the state's hospitals are facing patient declines because of the economy, said Jerry Schmith, the commission's deputy director of hospital rate-setting. But it was unusual for St. Joseph to ask for financial help, he said., Amstutz said the reason for the delay is political: "The obvious problem is that the adjustment of the system to bring it back to a healthy state won't be popular with anybody." Amstutz doubted action was possible this year'., There's some idea that maybe a few more tough games, win or lose, might be doing the Buckeyes well at this point in the season. Last season, it was often easy. This season, Matta pointed to the last-second wins at Northwestern and at Michigan State in the final week of the regular season that were required to get Ohio State a share of the Big Ten title., It’s certainly not this year. The Mountaineers were the preseason pick to win the Big East, but were embarrassed in Syracuse last week, 49-23. They arrive in Piscataway ranked 25th in the country and a seven-point favorite according to Las Vegas, but hardly unbeatable. The Scarlet Knights will have the home-field advantage and all the emotion of Eric LeGrand, their paralyzed teammate, leading them onto the field., NEW YORK (AP) - The Associated Press won a Pulitzer Prize for investigative journalism Monday for revealing the New York Police Department's widespread spying on Muslims, while The Patriot-News in Harrisburg, Pa., and a 24-year-old reporter captured the award for local reporting for breaking the Penn State scandal that ultimately brought down Joe Paterno., None of this means that negotiations between him and the club will be easy., The weaker Europe becomes, the more it may drag down the rest of the world through three channels: damaged confidence and investment, fewer imports, and less credit to businesses and households. Remember: Europe is about one-fifth of the world economy, roughly equal with the United States. The 27 members of the European Union are the world's largest importer (excluding exports to each other), just ahead of the United States. And European banks operate globally., The Tempe Improv will close its doors Friday, June 1, the comedy club announced in an aggressively stated press release that placed the blame on competing comedy club Stand Up Live., The chief, who said he could not comment when reached by a reporter early Wednesday, had defended his record in a statement released when the police association's letter became public. Hughes wrote that crime had fallen during his 8<U+FFFD>1/2 years in Surprise and that the association's tactics promote "divisiveness and turmoil.", Ira Mehlman, spokesman for the anti-immigration group Federation for American Immigration Reform, said Rubio's plan amounts to a "two-step process of amnesty.", Barbara Bush had also formally backed Romney and recorded calls for voters voicing her support, played before March 6 primaries in Ohio and Vermont., Rios was in a 3 for 18 skid until getting two singles off starter Justin Masterson — and his second career triple off Perez. He also hit a walkoff grand slam off Cleveland's closer Sept. 10., Stover and Newbold's new book, "Wake Up and Smell the Innovation," is based on the research of their company, Memorial Hospital and Health System. Just as their company has focused on educating about innovation to companies such as Whirlpool and DuPont, Stover and Newbold inform people of how innovation can work in their favor., Linda Wilson: You are right that the left of the two left turn lanes is a continuous flow for traffic to eastbound Manchester. Really the only people that should be stopping in the right left turn lane are those want to cross over to go to West County Mall. We do keep an eye on this, but we didn't want to put a signal in to stop the main flow of Manchester traffic. I will have our traffic engineer double check the volumes on these turns again., The stadium is about a 10-minute drive from the resort, 7 miles south along Litchfield Road, still lined with the palm trees planted to impress visitors traveling to the Wigwam via the railroad 80 years ago., Approximate values per serving: 308 calories, 8 g fat, 172 mg cholesterol, 26 g protein, 33 g carbohydrates, 4 g fiber, 345 mg sodium, 23 percent calories from fat., "But I get in strange moods," Howard continues, as she fortifies herself with a plate from Stubb's that she pronounces just-fine but not nearly as good as the 'cue made by her Uncle Orange back home in Athens, Ala., "I still go to work every day," Molzahn said during a recent phone interview. "Just being on TV doesn't all of a sudden make your life necessarily glamorous.", While Netanyahu showed no sign of bending Tuesday, he has shown tentative signs of change in recent years., Yet the religious calculations are not simple., Pratt was not able to locate the families of more than 40 of the deceased. He contacted the Missing in America Project, which ensures proper burial for American veterans, and it found that three of the remaining people were veterans., Buch also condemned the report for endorsing "pain compliance techniques.", Earlier in his career Holliday took over as the Colorado Rockies' No. 3 hitter by following their star first baseman, Todd Helton, in the role. Holliday came within a wisp of winning the 2007 National League MVP hitting there, and he continued to do so in the half season after the Rockies traded him to the Oakland A's., 11. (tie) Woodland, Carmel, But he settled on the wrong solution to a real modern-day challenge. Cameras don't lie., 14.9-ounce can Guinness beer, December: Giusto, target of a state criminal investigation, denies an intimate relationship with Doss, Killed in shootings, Village Council will likely review this committee’s recommendation and approve an updated building code by the end of the year., That push carried to the nine and a first down, but the Giants stiffened and threw back the Browns. So The Toe came in for his three-pointer., A: Peru and Ecuador., The imbroglio revolves around a ketch called Shawnee that was built in Massachusetts in 1915, first seen by a young Holland in San Francisco in the 1950s, brought to Newport Beach years later, and ultimately delivered into his talented woodworking hands - and his yard - in 2006 with its planks rotted, its bolts rusted and its paint peeling., Genie Spann, 78, is one of the newer patrons at the branch. She favors Lee Child and Jeffery Deaver, authors of thrillers., You were laughing with him as much as you were laughing at him. Is that your intent, when you create a character, that your character is kind of in on the joke too?, A few minutes after Vance Gilbert's recent flight from Boston to Washington pulled away from the gate, the aircraft made a U-turn and returned to the terminal. Authorities had a few questions for him before they could clear his flight for takeoff. What kind of book was he reading? And why hadn't he stowed his fanny pack in the overhead bin, as a flight attendant had suggested?, Down by three in the eighth, the Cardinals brought the tying run to the plate in Matt Holliday only to have the No. 3 hitter called out on a strike three that he felt was inside enough to argue. He was ejected by home plate umpire Marvin Hudson., Show Nuggets some love. Come on, you need to have a little faith in our Nuggets. I could see a playoff series with Oklahoma City going to six games. But I think we at least have a shot at beating San Antonio in the first round. While it would be awesome to land Duke guard Austin Rivers or swingman Jeremy Lamb of Connecticut with a draft choice, I really think Denver has the talent to make a deep playoff run., Another woman also jumped to safety, according to witnesses, and was also taken to the hospital. She likely broke a leg, witnesses said., And the program costs will likely go up, meaning consumers could end up paying more, whether or not they ask for the bulbs., funding,” Commentary, April 12) implied that several campaign donors were supporting state Rep. Mary Nolan’s bid for Portland City Council. In fact, most of the donors listed — Comcast, Portland General Electric, Oregon Trial Lawyers Association, Motorola, Walmart, Philip Morris and the Oregon Forest Industries Council PAC — had donated to prior legislative campaigns, not Nolan’s city race., "Our main goal was to put the O'Fallon game behind us and just move forward going into the playoffs," said Carroll, whose team will face Collinsville on May 15 in the semifinals of the Class 3A O'Fallon Regional. "When our defense gets out of whack, the whole team breaks down, but we were a lot better tonight.", "We're anxious to get started, but our first task as a commission is to incorporate the new population data into our redistricting database and our plan-drawing tools," said Laura Powell, chairwoman of the Redistrict Commission, in a statement. "At the earliest opportunity, we want interested groups and individuals to be able to access this wealth of information., Karen Maugeri, Anna’s daughter-in-law, said Bastianich enjoyed the story of how Maugeri Farms was born in 1928 when Salvatore and Alfia Maugeri came to America from Catania, Sicily., Carlos A. Morales, chief of the Pemex exploration and production arm, which employs 50,000 people, voiced confidence that his company has the ability to sink wells in ultra-deep water. "Pemex is ready to undertake the challenge and to do it safely," he said in his office at Pemex headquarters in the capital., Collova had earned 4,407 votes to Wagner’s 3,779. The winner takes over from 26-year Mayor Thomas Longo, who didn’t run., Target Corp. is once again stretching its wings in downtown Minneapolis., The U.S. General Services Administration is trying to sell the building, at 220 N.W. Eighth Ave., This was a primitve mint julep served at Bent's Old Fort on the Fourth of July, according to Sam Arnold, the late owner of The Fort Restaurant in Morrison. These make good party drinks: Let guests shake them to bruise the mint and release its flavor. From "Sam Arnold's Frying Pans West" (Fur Trade Press, 2011), makes 1 drink., California spent $277 per resident on its prison system, compared to $191 in New York, $190 in Michigan, $87 in Illinois and $112 in Texas., Steward Ceus GK, McCue is also part of the valley's current wave of venture-backed entrepreneurs who are much more likely to be acquired than go the Wall Street route with an IPO. Unlike the bustling 1990s, when the vast majority of start-ups with venture backing dreamed of going public, the dominant trend today is in mergers and acquisition, or M&A., "There are interesting things going on in the music world, which continues to change in terms of how music is made and distributed," he said., This menu takes pretension and throws it in the recycling bin. Classic recipes are lightened up just enough to adjust to contemporary palates. The only menu description that goes beyond the basics is the Joe's Italian chopped salad ($15.95): "chopped romaine & radicchio, pepperoncini, garbanzo beans, olives, cherry tomatoes, salami, provolone, fennel & Italian dressing.", As with many adventure stories, this one started in a bar. Sipping a post-work CoCoNut Porter at the Yard House in Waikiki with Jim — a family friend who's well connected in the sailing world — I imposed the request that led to the story., At least 16 littoral ships will eventually call San Diego home, including the Freedom, which arrived in 2010. The Navy plans to purchase 55 altogether, which means they will make up almost a fifth of the 300-ship fleet., This is also the starting point for the annual Hollywood Christmas Parade, originally called the Santa Claus Lane Parade, which inspired Gene Autry to write "Here Comes Santa Claus" in 1946 after taking part in the fun., "Guilty, your honor," she answered when asked how she pleaded to a charge of conspiracy to commit bribery., The other is a budget deficit that's projected to rise into the stratosphere, especially as aging boomers need more health care., These days, the couple are facing a transition. Larry has been diagnosed with lung cancer and can no longer continue in the business. For nearly 27 years, Clevenger’s Auto opened early and closed late five days a week. Holidays and other family celebrations were coordinated around the work schedule of the auto shop., Longtime collectors earn around $65,000 per year., "The use of (racial epithets) by anyone, let alone a public servant who is sworn to uphold the public good, is intolerable," she said., They have a 19.9 percent chance of winning with their own pick, plus a 2.8 percent chance of turning a pick owed them by the Los Angeles Clippers from the Baron Davis trade into the No. 1 selection. Cavs owner Dan Gilbert's team will be represented on stage by his 14-year-old son, Nick, who was born with Neurofibromatosis (NF), a nerve disorder that causes tumors to grow anywhere in the body., St. Paul Missionary Baptist Church is in the 3900 block of 14th Avenue in Sacramento's Oak Park neighborhood., In 2004, Republican George W. Bush won Iowa with just over 4,000 votes. In 2000, Democrat Al Gore won the state by a mere 10,000 votes., a Register reader who lives, The event will include dinner and silent and live auctions. The 150 singers in the Twin Cities Women's Choir perform pop standards, show tunes and other choral music., 320 Fox Briar Ln, $219,600, Grade: Two stars, Stenger is the fourth lawyer either hired by Petrovic or appointed to represent him., "Come ready to play," she told the kids about the annual event held on the South Lawn., The street car and the NASCAR model that shares its looks will have a name that's not on any current Chevrolet. Chevrolet could create a new name, or revive an old one with a sterling reputation: Chevelle, Monza or Nomad, for instance., Cable networks, on the other hand, think mostly about their own game plan when scheduling their scripted shows. A cable network like TNT or USA typically branches out into original programming night by night, scheduling at least two shows together to create a "destination." Sunday is a popular night for first-run shows on the premium cable networks and AMC; ABC Family focuses on Monday and Tuesday; Syfy programmed Friday and then moved into Monday., He heads into the offseason as an unrestricted free agent and will take a wait-and-see approach to picking a team, but when asked if he prefers a return to Portland Przybilla again reiterated his love for the city., And how is Mannion's team reacting to customer input?, Menendez’ plan also called for increasing incentives for adoption of natural gas vehicles; accelerating deployment of electric vehicles; keeping American oil in the U.S., rather than exporting it, and ending billions of dollars in tax breaks for big oil. The repeal of "numerous taxpayer giveaways" would save more than $17 billion over the next five years, according to the senator., Over the last five years, Luna Park has spawned a mini chain. Owners A. J. Gilbert and Joe Jack opened the Last Supper Club only five blocks away, followed a few years later by Luna Park in Los Angeles. Our waiter told us that a Luna Park in New York is also on the way., The film -- the fourth installment in the "Mission" series -- has been shown at selected "fan screenings" around the world, but Dubai marks the general audience premier., Meanwhile, the Bulls withered with missed free throws and went 2-of-15 from behind the arc., Then there's NBC., After a semi-restless night on one of those futons, I awoke to the bony trees quivering in the skylight. I wished it were summer, so I could see all these trees thick with life., EUREKA'S HIRTH WILL HEAD TO ILLINOIS, "As a warehouse, it probably has a fairly low energy-usage profile anyway," the Constellation executive said. "It's not like they're smelting iron.", The mood and the service here are comforting, though the level of cool here can be striking and so can the decibel level. Besides a few tables, and a large communal table, there are seats at the bar and a few seats in back overlooking the kitchen and the assembling of bowls. And if you bring along enough of your friends, you can all occupy the back room and dine while surrounded by Godzilla movies. You eat ramen; he eats Tokyo., Does his family have any objections to his hobby?, The Sun newspaper today quoted paramedic Martin Macarthur as saying Hoffman told medics, "Great job, guys" after they resuscitated Dempster with a defibrillator., "With these kinds of funds, I could have gone and built a lot of parks, fire stations, bought a lot of police cars, firetrucks," Brady said. "And those are things we absolutely need.", Remedies to address the structural deficit include:, According to the oil company, its payments for economic losses - with more to come - already total $2.9 billion to Florida, $2.7 billion to Louisiana, $1.4 to Alabama and $730 million to Mississippi., As for the draft?, "It's chef's night in - starring the chef's lovely wife," Christopher Kostow says with a laugh., Bing said in January that he weighs only 10 pounds more than he did during his pro basketball days, and that he now plays tennis and never eats junk food., This is the moment in the river's history when Congress, the corps and the competing special interests most heavily dependent on the river must come together on a plan to manage the river for the benefit of the greatest number of people., "There remains an ongoing problem of the FDLR in (Congo), and part of the cooperation between Rwanda and (Congo) must be to continue to address that issue, which is one of the root causes of instability in the eastern parts of (Congo)," said Sawers, Britain's U.N. ambassador., "Everyone needs to serve," Israel's newest political star, former TV personality Yair Lapid, said this week at the launch of his new political party. "There is no anti-ultra-Orthodox message here. We simply cannot fund you any longer and cannot be the only ones who serve the country.", LONDON <U+0097> Comedian and actor Russell Brand says <U+0093>love and compassion<U+0094> are the key to weaning addicts off drugs., GUTTENBERG — A North Bergen man was stabbed to death this morning when two armed robbers attacked him in his grocery store here, Hudson County Prosecutor Edward DeFazio said., He said the fire began near the divider of Pearl's Place Cafe and Bird Cage Saloon., A second source told the Daily News that Brito's involvement in the ticket-fix probe may have a role in what he called prosecutors' stall effort., The panel, "Expanding Opportunity Through Volunteerism" was hosted by the U.S. Department of Labor as a way to encourage state projects that would connect unemployed with jobs., All that notwithstanding, it is a strange time in history for self-appointed advocates for women to feel oppressed on their behalf. They must have missed the growing literature on "The End of Men" and similar themes. Women earn about 60 percent of bachelor's and master's degrees, and are reaching parity with men in medical and law schools. Their attitudes to work are changing. In a historic reversal, more young women ages 18 to 34 (66 percent) than young men (59 percent) say high-paying work is one of the most important things or very important, according to a new Pew survey., He's also scheduled to appear on "The View" and "Hannity" on Tuesday to discuss the uproar that sprung up after he made an analogy that President Barack Obama and House Speaker Rep. John Boehner golfing together was like Nazi leader Adolph Hitler and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu playing a round., Wednesday, April 18, Never mind that this Pacific coast resort has a population of nearly 200,000 or that its growth has produced a slew of inconvenient truths: dirty water, trash-strewn beaches, crime, gridlocked Saturday-night traffic and eco-unfriendly hotels and condominiums. Plus the annual bacchanal of sunburned coeds and frat boys gone wild whom Mexicans refer to as los spring breakers., Senate Bill 254 requires districts to provide high school students access to courses that give them college credits at the same time they earn credits toward their diplomas. Such dual credit courses can be offered on high school or community college and university campuses., seen in Seattle for 25 years, it is Wagner’s only comedy. The cast will be announced next year., "I'm looking at the positive," she said. "The street is going to look gorgeous when they're done.", A few weeks ago I wrote a column about the importance of considering your personality when choosing a career. I suggested that if you like to be surrounded by people, you'd go crazy working by yourself in a science lab., 36 Orchard Av, $430,000, Q: How did you handle the physical aspects of his handicap?, Commercial vehicles were a bright spot for the company with sales of the Avon Lake-built E-Series van up 30 percent. Thanks to big cash-back incentives on outgoing 2010 models, F-Series truck sales were up 24 percent., In the sterile parlance of the railroads, such collisions are known as critical incidents. To the men and women who run trains -- the engineers who see the faces and hear the sickening thuds -- the term hardly does justice to the emotional trauma that follows., "It is surely within the legitimate purview of a district superintendent to investigate whether any discontent in a district is limited to particular schools or whether it is evenly spread throughout a district," Sills wrote in the 36-page ruling. "... Fleming, as superintendent, had a legitimate interest in ascertaining if there was a pattern to the discontent represented by the 'nascent' recall movement.", Under Schiff’s proposal drawing from the Cybersecurity Act, cyber security threats would be defined as “any action that may result in unauthorized access to, exfiltration of, manipulation of, or impairment to the integrity, confidentiality or availability of an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system.”, The development - Chesterfield Outlets - that was discussed Monday is one of two proposed outlet malls competing against one another to be built in the valley. The sites are within five miles of one another., I've been collecting some of this year's best and worst advice, Also, Hughes’ suggested ability to throw a front-door intentional slider didn’t explain why the Yankees were down, 3-0, why he chose to save it for a .250 hitter or why, two batters later, Howie Kendrick hit a three-run homer, forcing Hughes’ removal., Again, I go back to this issue: If there was more money here, you might not see more risk but a higher level of exploration. Look at the Pearl District. That's a beautiful neighborhood. Show me another city that has a neighborhood with that kind of thoughtfulness., Preheat grill to high heat., Favorite thing about Baltimore? There is a lot of creativity and positivity in this city. It's a progressive, open-minded place that is not afraid of change., It was the Angels' fourth straight win and improved the club to 9-5 on the season. St. Joe's is the sixth seed in the tournament that starts tomorrow., “That’s when the fatherly manhood kicks in,” Nicks said., "To say the union isn’t bringing anything to the table is just not right," said Ed Brannigan, president of the state union. "But there’s only so much you can give. How much blood do you have?", 2004 Lavradores de, Then there’s the digital music player — a potent symbol of the future just five or 10 years ago. I’ve got a couple of iPods in drawers around the house, and I’ll doubt I’ll ever replace them; after all, my phone’s got a music player built right into it. Truly miniature music players will keep selling, given they’re fun for working out, but others will likely become relics., Byron's Hot Dogs opened in 1975 on Irving Park Road near Wrigley Field, and soon after, business boomed. At one point there were five stores; two remain open., Michael Kidd-Gilchrist scored 19 points, Anthony Davis added 18 points and 11 rebounds, and Terrence Jones dazzled in all the overlooked areas, leading the Wildcats (36-2) to a Bluegrass showdown with rival Louisville in the national semifinals next Saturday at New Orleans., What else is "nicey" about this company? It donates some proceeds to eco-minded, socially conscious charities., The same lovely vegetables and garlicky mashed potatoes accompany the pomegranate chicken ($14.95) as well. It's a generous portion, half a roasted chicken with a pomegranate glaze, terrific for dinner -- and for lunch the next day as well., Within a half-hour, when her pain reached past her tolerance, Schwab and her husband vacated their 10th-row seats and headed home. She was leveled by rheumatoid arthritis, a disease she had then suffered from for five years., Santorini is run by the same family behind Walnut Creek's Silk Road and Pomegranate -- executive chef Toni Sohi, who has paired up on the venture with co-owner David Badrkhani -- and it's easy to see that these are restaurateurs with a clue. The pacing and plating are polished, the servers warm and friendly. And the food? The food is pretty fantastic., To Olson, any tinkering would be regressive: "This should have been a last resort ... not the first," she said. "Having a full-day kindergarten is one of the selling points for our community ... and makes us competitive.", And yet that's what Vietnamese Buddhist Zen master Thich Nhat Hanh has done with his first novel, "The Novice: A Story of True Love." Hanh, who is also a poet and the bestselling author of "Peace Is Every Step," was nominated by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1967 for a Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to reconcile the peoples of North and South Vietnam., The five firefighters are suing the Lindbergh, Kirkwood, Webster Groves and St. Louis school districts for not complying with a 1993 law that allows children in unaccredited districts - such as St. Louis Public Schools - to transfer to accredited schools at their home district's expense., The destination's not bad, either. You can rough it at Bright Angel Campground (if you can call access to restrooms, drinking water, telephones and a beer hall "roughing it") or sleep in a real bed in a cabin or dorm room. If you make reservations ahead of time, you can enjoy a delicious dinner of steak or beef stew (or lentil loaf for vegetarians) and a hearty breakfast of scrambled eggs, bacon, pancakes and peaches at the canteen/dining hall., Obesity finally claims the life of the orange and white tabby from New Mexico who gained national attention for tipping the scales at 39 pounds., 7-9 p.m. PETA's Fashion Week Bash hosted by Tim Gunn and Olivia Munn at Stella McCartney's boutique, Velazquez, speaking of his luck, said: "It was meant to be. Things happen for a reason, no matter what. I saw Robby when I came to the track today. I asked him how he felt. He said to me, 'You're riding a good horse.' ", The quasi-governmental body set up by the Legislature to spur economic development in Missouri has exercized poor oversight over its funding and failed to recognize the conflict inherent in board members also serving on the board of organizations receiving money from the corporation, Montee said., The Department of Education has heard concerns from administrators about the ratings, said Crystal Greene, public affairs manager at the Oregon Department of Education., Houston's Jordan Schafer went 0 for 4 to end his streak of reaching safely in 25 straight games to start the season. The mark ties a franchise record which was also reached by Denis Menke in 1969., Disney CEO Bob Iger, who said last summer that big-budget movies were getting "increasingly more risky," thanked Ross for his years of service., Woods had planned on playing the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am this year, especially since Poppy Hills was replaced in the course rotation by Monterey Peninsula, the field was reduced from 180 to 156 players, the U.S. Open is returning to Pebble Beach in June and Woods carried the AT&T logo on his golf bag., Leigh White, who has been encouraged by Mallory as a new writer and has been reading for 10 years with Poetry at Alta, says that extra dimension is what Mallory himself bring when he performs his works at the coffeehouse., Asked to rate those efforts, Berkman said, "I think it's just a 'pick'em.'", oThat self-deprecation is typical Grant, says Pirates director Peter Lord. "He has this very British style. He deflects compliments. He makes a joke of everything. He's a great comic and can be very playful. We worked together to find a voice, to find a style.", Yvette said she was blindsided when Buttler, on the car ride home from school, told her she needed to pack her stuff. She remembers sobbing and writing letters to her friends telling them how much she loved them, then sneaking out of the house to leave the letters on their doorsteps. She spent the rest of seventh and eighth grade in a group home., That grinding noise you hear is the sound of Republicans gnawing on one another., In the end, he will vote for the embattled incumbent., The contrast there, in policies, is remarkably clear. Obama promises to use government as a lever to ensure fairness. Opponents Romney and Newt Gingrich promise to repeal Obama legislation they say has helped weaken the economy, such as his health care law and tighter rules on Wall Street behavior., Denise Amato, "No matter how much paper I try to get out of my home office," laments Bisbee Priest, "the reality is some has to stay." A couple of years ago, she implemented the self-purging, time-saving file system FreedomFiler ( www.freedomfiler.com). Bisbee Priest stores documents digitally whenever possible, so she has also invested in NeatDesk ( www.neat.com), a scanner and digital filing system for documents, receipts and business cards., -- Also consider: 2004 Wyndham Bin 444 South Eastern Australia Cabernet Sauvignon ($11), But with more than 95,000 flights canceled in the last week alone, airlines faced the enormous task of working through the backlog to get passengers where they want to go -- a challenge that could take days or even weeks., After working with director Des McAnuff and The Who's Pete Townshend on the Broadway production, which upped the British quotient, Ripley sees Mrs. Walker more within the context of the character's save-face-at-all-costs culture., THEFT: On April 3, a juvenile was arrested on the charge of theft under $300., Allen Wright came out of his coma., In addition to the levies on the ballot, the Buckeye district in Medina County sought a 1 percent income tax after 12 previous attempts to increase funding failed. Facing a deficit expected to be $7.2 million by June 2014, the 2,400-student district was hoping to avoid state takeover. It was trailing as of midnight., Musicians, Aztec dancers and people in indigenous dress gave the event the feel of a celebration., Walking down Market Street, Cav is easy to miss, even with the stylized sign on the glass door. When your eyes finally adjust to the dusky lighting, the mix of comfortable and high-tech elements take over., The wines: Sourcing estate grapes from its Brown Ranch Vineyard, the winery now also produces Chardonnay, as well as Syrah from other vineyards in Carneros and Sonoma Valley. Tastings ($15) vary by whatever the staff has open, and I got a rainbow selection of 2009 Carneros Chardonnay ($20), 2008 Brown Ranch Chardonnay ($40), 2008 Carneros Pinot Noir ($28), 2008 Stanly Ranch Pinot Noir ($45), 2008 Toyon Farm Pinot Noir ($45), 2008 Brown Ranch Pinot Noir ($60), and an extra of a just released Vin Gris Rosé 2011 ($17)., Advance meal tickets, that include a BBQ dinner, are on sale for $5 adults; $3 ages 5-12; and free for ages 4 and under. Tickets at the door cost $7 adults; $5 kids., Santa Ana trustee John Palacio said the district will use $8.3 million in jobs bill money to subsidize salaries for hundreds of teachers, counselors, administrators and other employees who would have otherwise been laid off., "Our goal is to create a sustainable Portland-based company that'll be here forever," Sanders said., It is astonishing and outrageous that Silver and Sampson kissed goodbye a shot at $700 million out of blind opposition to charter schools - which have been among the most important sources of high-quality education for poor and minority children., "I was not really into it," Artha said. "They had already seen it so they wanted me to see it.", Police have said they don't believe the victims knew one another. They identified those killed as Dannaer Fields, 49, Bobby Clark, 54, and William Allen, 31. They declined to name those who survived., Walking is one of the best exercises you can do-and one of the easiest, too. Most people learn how by the time they're a year old., "We like to see a rising tide that lifts all boats," he said. "This is a tide that lifts a few boats.", Kondas spoke fluent Spanish and earned a master's degree in sociology and started her career in social service, Harwood said. By the time they worked together, Kondas had moved into an administrative job, writing grants and fighting for people to get effective drug counseling., Meet the new face of the food cart revolution: Roving gastro-trucks that mash up ethnic cuisines, pop culture and affordability, then post their ever-shifting locations to a wired clientele through Twitter and Web sites. In Portland that means Koi Fusion, which launched in June when business grad Bo Kwon hit the streets in an $80,000 food truck with a spicy mix of Korean barbecue tacos, kimchi quesadillas and Korean fries. Now Kwon draws followers on the command of a tweet -- often to PGE Park or PSU but also renegade spots. And wherever Koi lands, the feel is of an instant party, fed by a communal condiment station and a great playlist. (Watch video here.), Proponents of better child-care standards in Missouri said they were disappointed., In critical reading, Oregon students scored an average of 521, 23 points above the national average of 498. In math, students scored 523, 12 points above the national average of 511. And in writing, Oregon students earned a score of 496, eight points above the national average of 488., Nobody has had the breadth of production and flair for the dramatic that James has unleashed., Nixon's motto: If two wrongs don't make a right, try a third., McCutcheon joined the Grayslake department in 1991 after working for the police department in south suburban Country Club Hills Police Department. He was promoted to sergeant in 1994 and commander of operations in 1998. He was the department's second-in-command under former Chief Larry Herzog and served as interim chief after Herzog's retirement IN 2011. He was appointed chief in February., $75, Can he cover tight ends? Can he drop into coverage? Can he tackle running backs?, But, he added, "I think you will see a more diligent effort to meet the timelines because someone has died.", Yet director and editor P. David Ebersol seems uncertain throughout of what tale he is telling, whether to focus on Schemel specifically or the larger picture of the band and the moments in contemporary rock history they were all witness to. Often the film pushes Schemel to the edge of what is intended to be her story, so in "Hit So Hard" she feels forced into the role of self-sacrificing side-player once again., Rhodes said the building was extensively vandalized. Fire extinguishers were sprayed in some rooms., So much for that first-place tie., Money moves across borders at the speed of an electronic impulse., The largest and oldest of the markets in east Multnomah County, the Gresham Farmers Market, starts May 12 at its longtime location on Northwest Third Street in downtown Gresham., "We're definitely ready for tomorrow," Faucette said. "We want to beat them really badly.", Smith, an attorney and father of two, is ready to run for Congress when U.S. Rep. Alcee Hastings, who has been serving since 1992, retires. That has been widely known in political circles for years, and Smith has publicly acknowledged his interest. Unfortunately for Smith, Hastings, D-Miramar, is running for re-election and shows no sign that he's contemplating retirement at age 75. Last year, he said he would like at least two more terms., In other words, we won't be seeing a drilling rig erected alongside Ash Cave in Hocking Hills State Park, or pipelines cutting through the campground at Mohican State Park., "We mix the lowbrow and the highbrow together to get something that looks great," said Arianne Sutner, who is co-producing the film with Knight., NBA, Chicago at Miami, 5 p.m., TNT: As the regular season winds down, there seems to be a great matchup every night., Baltimore declared HIV a public health emergency in 2002, but the numbers of infected people continue to rise, particularly among at-risk groups, including IV drug users and gay and bisexual men., --Utah had the youngest residents, with 1 in 10 people who were younger than five. Florida was the oldest, with nearly 1 in 5 residents who were 65 or older., She seems to embody a framed picture behind the counter, which was given to her by Sakurai, that lists the keys to longevity in Japanese kanji characters: Be patient, kind-hearted, do not get mad, be humble, control what you say., Ravi, 19, is charged with 15 counts, including invasion of privacy and bias intimidation. He is accused of using his laptop webcam to watch Clementi hugging and kissing another man in their dorm room last year., Coombs, Manning's defense attorney, offered an alternative view of the leak, saying that "history will be the judge" of the security breach., Neither the bus driver or SUV driver have been identified. The bus driver — who was sitting in a wheelchair in the hospital waiting room — indicated that the SUV had ran the red light at the intersection of Hessian Avenue and Grove Road, in National Park, where the accident occurred., The county has been installing and testing the 185 sirens that are part of the $7.5 million system. The money came from Proposition E-911, a $100 million bond issue approved in November 2009. The system put individual police, fire and EMS personnel under one communications system., The ad also ridicules Romney, isolating a past quote that “it’s not worth moving heaven and earth spending billions of dollars just trying to catch one person.”, Our relationship dates to the heady days of 1993-94. Newt was then House minority whip, tasked with the goal of electing a House majority in the 1994 midterm elections. I, along with many of my future colleagues, became the beneficiary of Newt's fundraising and political acumen., She said the committee was made up by business manager agents and members of the union. She said Rybak was a member of the committee between 2006 to 2010., TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie today announced he will not seek the presidency next year, ending months of speculation and intense lobbying from Republican Party supporters dissatisfied with the current crop of 2012 candidates., The majority of basketball shoes and clothing sales are in the United States -- about $2.8 billion for shoes and $1.1 billion annually for apparel, according to The NPD Group Inc., a market research company., Nutrition information per serving (values are rounded to the nearest whole number): 490 calories; 130 calories from fat (27 percent of total calories); 15 g fat (5 g saturated; 0 g trans fats); 95 mg cholesterol; 52 g carbohydrate; 37 g protein; 10 g fiber; 860 mg sodium., The $403 million development will include 115 hotel rooms with some rates that Starwood said will exceed $800 a night and 64 residences that the real-estate investor hopes will be among the city's most expensive on a square-foot basis., Andrew Gilmour, the special representative of Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in neighboring Serbia, represented the U.N. at the event, and other U.N. Officials also attended, said Nick Birnback, spokesman for the U.N. Peacekeeping department. Ban plans to reaffirm the United Nations' sorrow over what took place in Srebrenica at a commemorative event Monday, a spokesman said., "Mr. Bement's probably sweating right now," Lesowski said. "And he should be.", Last fall Shatto Milk Co. teamed up with Erin Brown, owner of Dolce Baking Co. It's the middle of January, and they are immersed in the Goldilocks-style give-and-take phase of research and development. Brown, who is seated at a café table in a corner of her Prairie Village bakery, sizes up the most recent prototypes., At least eight people, including a member of the ruling family of the emirate Ras al-Khaimah, have been detained this year for suspected links to the Islamist group al-Islah, or Reform. Five others have been reported missing by rights groups, which claim undercover security agents took them into custody., Minneapolis City Council President Barbara Johnson said the report should make people think about what it would mean to have the Vikings leave downtown Minneapolis. "It just doesn't make sense for us to subsidize a big development in some suburban place," she said., "She's no Britney Spears, she's Madonna," Grant said with enthusiasm. "She's very connected to the Latinos. She pushes herself to be a good example for us. She's one of the most talented entertainers we have. I love her.", 8. Ronnell Lewis, Oklahoma, 6-2, 253. This early entrant probably won't fit in a 4-3 scheme. He needs to be in a 3-4. Lewis is a madman on the field and plays fast. He is quick, explosive and athletic. He does not make plays he should, however. He should be a fine special teams player., One of the shirts was distributed last year at the "Relay for Life" race in Colville. The second shirt -- which had the words "Treasure Island Spring 2009" on the front -- was from a local theater production in 2009 in the town of Chewelah., "It's a good chance to recognize the Latino culture; but I want everyone to know it's a festival for all, not just the Hispanic community," Rivero said. "We should celebrate our history and not forget people who worked hard to get us where we are today.", Victims advocates reacted angrily to Boeheim's initial comments and called for him to resign or be fired. He apologized twice within a week of Fine's firing on Nov. 27, saying he was wrong to question the motives of the accusers. He said he based his initial comments on a 2005 university investigation that failed to corroborate Davis' claims., "Now that I've done this part, it’s the only part I can see that I ever should have been playing," the Chicago native told me. "Given my family history—I'm Timothy Collins Griffin—it's like it couldn't have been a better match.", I've written about it several times on my blog and in the newspaper, and I've been to the restaurant a dozen times, but I've never written a formal review. It was an oversight on my part, or maybe subconsciously I wanted to have enough ammunition before I jumped into the line of fire., Trying to keep order in the small room, Dairsow pleaded with the children to not take out items until they were home, a request that was mostly ignored., Leading presidential hopeful Mitt Romney reacted to Limbaugh’s assault with silence before finally saying, a couple of days later, while working a crowd, that “it’s not language I would have used.”, indicates an economy that is improving gradually. The household survey found that 541,000 more people were employed in January compared with December, and there were 430,000 fewer people who said they were unemployed last month., BAKA hasn't filed to give the money to a new group yet, Trevor said. No funds will be released until the university determines that the recipient is legally registered as a nonprofit in the U.S., he added., U.S. flat-panel television shipments are expected to dip for the first time on an annual basis this year, ending an unbroken string of growth since the segment first began., Lyman’s simulations, which rely on NRC computer code, show that unfavorable winds could spread radioactivity far beyond the 12.5-mile evacuation zone, much as happened at Chernobyl in 1986., Gov. Mark Dayton, who called it a "hare-brained scheme" Wednesday morning, by day's end said it was a plan "absolutely worth pursuing," as high-level talks among DFLers, Republicans, the team and others unfolded., The owner of the yacht, a Swede whose fortune came from mining interests, saw the 28-foot Riva on a Web site and decided it would look just dandy on his deck as a tender., "We call on Governor Quinn to listen to the commission and withdraw his ill-considered closure plans, and we urge the legislature to make sure all state facilities are fully funded in the 2013 budget," said the AFSCME statement., The commission made only a few changes in the way electricity pricing records are redacted. The rules governing release of pipeline safety records remained the same., Best actor also looks like a two-person contest between Clooney as the distressed patriarch of a Hawaiian clan in "The Descendants" and Dujardin as a silent-era superstar whose career tanks as talking pictures take over in "The Artist.", He said the basic premise were the rights contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights., United striker Wayne Rooney says Liverpool star Steven Gerrard is the ideal choice to be England's soccer captain. England is without a captain or coach after manager Fabio Capello resigned Wednesday following John Terry's dismissal as captain by the Football Association. Terry is awaiting trial for racial abuse but is eligible to play for the national team at the European Championship. (AP), Jurors about to hear the case of serial-killings defendant Anthony Sowell were promised a disturbing journey – one that will be seared into their memories for as long as they live., Ortega also dismissed concerns about the timeline for construction that was raised in a report released last month by the Metropolitan Council., Gounaris will take the place of Father Frank Marangos, who stepped down from that role about nine months ago., The Cubs jumped on Wainwright for a first-inning three-run home run and a rookie's third-inning grand slam. They evicted him with an 8-0 deficit after only 58 pitches., Arnold said he is on a waiting list to fly Russian vessels to space., SECOND-DEGREE ASSAULT: A man assaulted a woman at 8:20 p.m. Sept. 27 in the 2600 block of Shenandoah Avenue., A pair of curbside stop signs about 25 feet apart inexplicably create a stop-go-stop-go pattern where Larchmere meets South Park Boulevard. The second notice recently popped up just in front of the other easy-to-spot red marker facing eastbound traffic, according to a Road Rant tipster. (The city's not guilty of adopting a double standard, either, as westbound motorists get the same two-for-one deal.), DENVER — Senate races in three states and a handful of gubernatorial races remained extraordinarily close today and seemed destined for contested vote counts that could drag on for weeks., *Game 6, at Detroit, April 22, time TBA, TV TBA, He had no police experience. He had never defended a city from an attack. But New York wasn’t looking for a cop., In a perfect world, Lesmerises says he would like to see an eight-team format, but at least the four-team format doesn't dilute the playoffs like in other sports., Peter Collier, who served as the company's group's chief operating officer, said Dillon swiftly took the reins of a chaotic group torn apart by leadership struggles., In early June, Caesars will bring in a select group of Horseshoe customers from around the country, Glover said. He said another group spanning all of Caesars' casino and resort subsidiaries will follow a week later., "Make sure that she stays hydrated," I texted from the corner of our New York newsroom. "Maybe some ginger ale. Is it bad diary?", "Good evening New Jersey. Nice to be in my backyard. Join us tonight to shut the old lady down. We had a lot of great nights here and hope to have another one tonight," Bruce said., The California Employment Development Department is sending notices to recipients to alert them that their Fed-ED payments are about to end., The Gannon affiliate "has failed to make debt service payments, make critical vendor payments and keep up with payroll obligations," St. Louis County Circuit Court Judge Robert Cohen wrote in his order appointing Nolan Real Estate Services receiver of Ridge Point Crossing on Dec. 13., Euphoria spread through the community in the days that followed, Martins said. Drug gangs had made attaining even basic services such as mail delivery and trash collection difficult, he said, so everyone sighed with relief when municipal workers scoured the slum, leaving Rocinha clean., But there may be an antidote: Long-term, paid internship programs offered by Kennedy Capital and its larger counterpart, Town & Country-based Scottrade. Both businesses provide college students with far more than a single semester or a summer break to absorb the intricacies of the trade - and both often convert interns to permanent staffers., She's the group's second Olympian overall; Brian Sell captured the third and final U.S. men's marathon berth for the 2008 Beijing Games at the trials staged in late 2007 in New York., Today's 4-year-olds will be the first to benefit from Brooklyn Center's efforts to improve third-grade reading skills., Princeton, Mo., Green Peter is producing good catches of kokanee averaging 14 inches., “The message is kind of important because it’s going to change the way candidates are selected throughout the state of New Jersey, because the state has not been enforcing durational residency requirements for 10 years,” he said. “I think there are a lot of people who have not been in the district for a year prior to the election and now it’s going to be enforced. and that’s good for the voters.”, "He was ready to make a move, and settle down and raise a family," Keil said. "The reason he came out was to visit me and do a little house shopping.", An eyewitness video that first aired last month on PBS appears to show the illegal immigrant from Mexico being shot while lying on the ground, surrounded by about a dozen agents. The Justice Department has declined to comment on the video., Ali's keynote at 5 p.m. May 9 will be followed at 7:30 by a workshop headed by former Olympics swimmer and Title IX expert Nancy Hogshead-Makar. Both events are free and open to the public. All other events require a registration fee (go to womenssportsfoundation.org for more information)., There wasn't another lefthanded-hitting option., The Chiefs faced a fourth-and-1 from the Browns’ 36 with 2 minutes to play. Rather than punt, the Chiefs instead handed the ball to Thomas Jones who got the first down., Continued strength in Clayton, a decent showing in Creve Coeur and an uptick downtown are developments experts see for the St. Louis office market this year., "I just remember Mark Grace, playing in Chicago, in April, in the freezing cold," said Chris Duncan, the ex-Cardinals slugger who now hosts a sports talks show on WXOS (101.1 FM), recalling the long-retired Cubs player., Roehr knew he was taking a gamble., Ballard told Frontline prosecutors agreed to drop the death penalty if he included the sailors in his confession., The players have said all the right things in welcoming Marshall into the mix, but that's because the perception is that this is a clean slate for the troubled receiver. If that slate starts to get mucked up with more reports of domestic disputes or disturbances in clubs, Emery's first big acquisition could be more headache than big splash., The presidential search committee has said the new leader would earn about $315,000 a year. Mearns earns $270,465 a year at CSU., "There's a lot of things caregivers are already doing that would meet this definition," the board's president, Laura Davis, said at Wednesday's hearing., Bitencourt has even been granted employment-authorization cards four times since 2009 by U.S. Citizens and Immigration Services, prosecutors said in a court filing responding to U.S. District Court Judge Douglas P. Woodlock’s request for an update on her immigration status., Obama's visit was clearly an election-year event., o"I wanted to let (Penske) know that I was not trying to put Sam in the wall," Patrick said. "But he had a flat right front (tire), and everything got blown out of proportion., Cabrera also looked at the experience as an opportunity, famously shaming Manny Ramirez into playing with a headache during the playoff drive because Cabrera had never been to the playoffs and wasn't going to let a diva deter him., "They've been largely compliant," Boyd added. For now, the plan is to let them stay, "As long as they are peaceful and respectful of the rights of all the users of the plaza.", Tampa, Fla., "The EAA is a school district just like Madison Heights, just like Ferndale, just like Detroit," he said, "and school districts have the right to have collectively bargained contracts.", "I go back to him, I'm dead. I don't go back to him, I'm dead. It's the same thing. I am ready to die and my family is ready to die," she wrote., Scott spokesman Lane Wright said the governor is not delaying the deal., I am not lactose intolerant but looking for an alternative to cow's milk., The unusual coin was auctioned off Thursday at the Renaissance Schaumburg Convention Center in suburban Chicago., The opposite also is true. For example, Martin Scorsese's "Shine a Light" was good and I like the Rolling Stones, but would have been far better had Mick and the boys provided more personal access. And the film "The Song Remains The Same" by Led Zeppelin (behind the Beatles, my favorite band) is a frightful bore., Ariz. principal: Eduardo Castaneda, west region retail-banking executive., Ryan E. Bird, 34, Clementon, The seven lowest scorers won all-tournament first-team medals. The other three first teamers were all from Westminster -- Brooke Cusumano (44-44--88), Margaret Moore (42-46--88) and Ciara Younger (43-46--89)., After leaving the company in 1991, he became a private consultant. One of his clients was the Jamaican government, where he worked on a voter-registration anti-fraud system based on fingerprint scans., They also wanted the home to have a character on the outside that was unlike anything else in the neighborhood., The Fix: We knew we had to start controlling our growth. But our larger issue was we needed to get creative in finding financing., Apio is a native of Honolulu who now lives in Seattle. He was the 2009 winner of the Great American Comedy Festival in Norfolk, Neb., DK: And therefore it should be privileged?, Baquie was medical director for the 2008 Olympic team and the team doctor for Hawthorn, a high-profile Australian Rules soccer club. He said there has been a worldwide movement in sports to include cardiovascular testing and investigate an athlete's family history., The controversy surrounding the proposal presented itself in stark detail as proponents and opponents alternated at the podium at the two-hour hearing., Back story: Along with Melt (see below), Gogi drew the longest line from the approximately 3,000 patrons at the Feb. 25 Eat the Street; its playful fusion food (bibimburritos, anyone?) and social-media savvy — traits in common with the Shogunai Tacos food truck — explain the wait. And it's not just Mexican food that Gogi gives a Korean twist: creamy kimchee fries, bulgogi sliders and hot dogs with spicy pork, an over-easy egg and mayo are also on the menu., Demand for equipment to make liquefied natural gas, or LNG, has shown strong growth here and globally, the company said., The former Georgia Tech receiver stood out in his first practice with the Jets because of his imposing 6-foot-4 frame and effort in every drill. Coach Rex Ryan noticed Hill's speed., Democratic strategist Steve Elmendorf rejected the notion that Team Obama should choose between labeling Romney as either a hard-core conservative or a finger-in-the-wind politician., The cases at least for now remain separate, but Bolton says it's clearly in the "interest of judicial economy" to have one judge preside over all five. She also notes that all five cases remain in early stages of consideration., The 'Shame' actor has to ''keep an eye'' on himself to ensure he doesn't get greedy or obsessing about himself and his own brilliance., A list of registered and participants will then be distributed after registration is complete., The Historical Society also offers self-guided walking tour maps of Old Town Tustin that many teachers follow to complete the "Tustin is My Hometown" history lesson. Over 700 students visited the museum during the 2005-06 school year., COLUMBUS, Ohio -- The growing cost of caring for Ohio's aging highways is cutting into money for badly needed projects across the state, including the second Inner Belt Bridge, ODOT officials say., I'll also be awaiting the return of the restaurant's weekend dim sum service., Frustrated again in the third round of the Masters, Woods chunked his driver and took a big divot out of the 13th tee box after ripping one into the trees on the par-five hole. All part of a day in which he opened with two quick birdies, but gave both of them back, failed to take advantage of any of the par-fives and shot even-par 72, remaining three-over par for the tournament., Although he's known for blisteringly fast fingering and a deep interest in Hawaiian music history, today Makana is more likely to be playing protest music, as he did at the recent heads of state dinner during the APEC meeting in Honolulu, and then at Occupy Honolulu (for details, see my Hawaii Insider blog.), No doubt the play was spectacular. The problem: Illinois lost that game, 27-20. So why did Jenkins think the catch was so special?, That would be the Braves' Martin Prado, who hit 15 homers in 2010 and went to the All-Star Game., "People always comment on how toned my arms are, how great my posture has become," she explained. "When I was off work for a couple of weeks I went out every day for two hours," she said., Now LiBrizzi, who has taught for 14 years, is due a $4,000 raise — and the governor wants her to give it back., Over the years, Camp remodeled and made improvements to the 4,700-square-foot home. He transformed a second-floor attic space into a large, light-filled master suite, including a bathroom with whirlpool tub and shower. A new three-car garage also houses an artist's studio where he paints., Tribe shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera said he is thrilled to have Thome as a teammate., Although all of these sites work in about the same way, two are a bit different:, Thomas seemed to fit in fine in his first practice, McMillan said, and he was familiar with what the Blazers run, if not the names of their sets., "The problem in Newark is epidemic," Booker said. "It is at a level that is not only affecting our adults but it is consuming the life-force of our children.", You place responsibilities where they belong. Closing the border before enacting immigration reform should be a non-issue., Privately hired defense investigators have swung their focus away from Joseph Gentz and on to a new suspect in last month's strangulation murder of Jane Bashara, her husband's lawyer David Griem said Wednesday., in federal court to 10 years in prison for his role in a plot to kill a witness., The seminar will be held in St. Edmund's Church Hall, 14025 Twelve Mile Road., NEWARK — When Ahiezer Ortiz was in kindergarten in 1996, said his mother, Gladys Lorenzo, she knew he needed extra help by the way he paused for an unusually long time before answering questions. It turned out he had attention-deficit disorder and a learning disability., Peacemaking is my profession. For more than a decade, I have been arranging meetings between South Ossetians and Georgians -- schoolchildren, mothers, teachers and even soldiers -- to discuss the values we shared and the misunderstandings and hatred that have driven us apart. Child by child, person by person, village by village, we worked to defuse the historic and complex tensions in South Ossetia, a region of diverse ethnicities and national identities., May 17: Barnes & Noble, 3195 28th SE, Grand Rapids, 7 p.m., 555 Stratford Av, $295,000, His ascent crested with an executive vice presidency, overseeing sales and marketing at a St. Louis-area electronics firm producing components for appliances. He began each day fielding client calls from Europe and ended with calls from China., LODGING DEALS, Which raises the question: What were Republican women thinking when they helped elect candidates who don't believe women should be allowed to make reproductive choices for themselves?, The final product is pink; therefore, it's meat - or so says the meat industry. And from a strictly nutritional standpoint, it is. But from any other standpoint, LFTB creates a dilemma., Another thing Jones-Drew does well is run low -- "lower than an ant's belly" -- Steelers defensive end Ziggy Hood said earlier this season., "I am totally blown away by this and humbled by it," Doleman said, adding his son, Evan, would present him for induction. "When they call your name, you're absolutely numb.", The Buckeyes' average starting position was their own 44. Ted Ginn Jr. ran one kickoff back 100 yards, untouched, for a score. OSU averaged 32.4 yards on the five kickoffs it received., "At least we're in a position where we have a good chance of winning," Baffert said. "If I got the one-hole I would be thinking they just don't want me to win this Derby. After Lookin At Lucky, when he got the one-hole, the excitement just left me because I knew he had too much to overcome.", JULIANNA MARGULIES - "THE GOOD WIFE" (CBS), A memorial service will be held at 2 p.m. Jan. 28 at Bridges Hall of Music at Pomona College., Damn you, Steven Spielberg, and your infernal sentimentality! It's usually so transparent, so blatant, so easy to deflect. But throw a noble, majestic horse into a World War I-set story that gently presents an anti-war message, and tears will roll down the cheeks of the most hard-boiled cynics., Since the statute of limitations for civil rights violations has long since expired, Gilbert said some of the discussion involved the basis for a federal case, assuming there's evidence to warrant moving forward. "We told Mr. Perez that we're not looking to put people in jail," Gilbert said. "We're looking for some answers and acknowledgment that this evidence is compelling. We're researching whether, within the Justice Department, there's some kind of fact-finding process that's designed to further justice, but not prosecute.", Why not just do rock, paper, scissors next time boys?, Mladic was in command of the Bosnian Serb army during the country's 1992-95 war, which left more than 100,000 people dead and drove another 1.8 million from their homes. Thousands of Muslims and Croats were slain, tortured or expelled in a campaign to purge the region of non-Serbs., Q: Have you thought about what Poe would be doing if he came back today?, "All-in-all, there are lots of reasons police might want to continue question a suspect," Moran said., But one thing I do find remarkable is how politicians in Florida continue to invoke God's name on sanctity-of-life issues — yet only when it's convenient., Dolled Up: The dance troupe of Diva Den Studio auditions April 14 for upbeat dancers for tours and competitions. There is a fee to audition. www.divadenstudio.com or 503-452-2447., After the meeting, which is expected to last about 90 minutes, Obama will take a walking tour of the Riddell manufacturing plant in Elyria. which makes sports equipment., For Alvarado, it's also about not being able to let go of old clothes she loves. Sort of like the penultimate scene in "Pretty in Pink," when Molly Ringwald sews old prom dresses into her own creation, refashioning is a favorite pastime of Alvarado's., The Cardinals were surprise winners a year ago, but have a solid group led by third baseman David Freese, catcher Yadier Molina and left fielder Matt Holliday. They should contend., A Long Island home owned by rapper 50 Cent but occupied by his former girlfriend burned down Friday morning in what authorities are terming a "suspicious" fire, the Associated Press reports., He was hired by East St. Louis on Nov. 30, after a judge restored his credentials because the convictions had been expunged in 1989., Recently, Lee watched a golfer on his lunch hour — in work boots in a simulator booth — hit a Rocketballz 3-wood 275 yards — “he said that was 25 yards farther than he’d ever hit his driver,” Lee recalls. He chuckles., Troutdale, our gateway to the gorge, has too much to offer as an asset to the entire region., U.S. House, The village would have the discretion to terminate any license., "That technology was actually happening in the apparel world," Parker said at the time. "'We took machines that were designed for something else, we altered the machines dramatically and then we created new software to do something that's never been done before in footwear., Nolan disliked sentimental stories about his disability. Although "Under the Eye of the Clock" drew offers to have his book made into a movie, Nolan refused on the grounds that the production would be a sympathy piece, according to the Irish Independent., Vancouver tied it at 1-1 on defenseman Alexander Edler's wrist shot from the point, which beat Jonathan Quick between the legs., Always the fighter, Sarkozy could confound pollsters and pull off a victory. At a sunny Paris rally in front of the Eiffel Tower on Tuesday, he looked more like the triumphant Sarkozy of the 2007 campaign., But Cruz said a poison pill in the city's proposal is a clause allowing the city "to amend, change or terminate any retirement or other post-employment benefit," a particular concern given that city workers don't earn Social Security benefits., "It was kind of like a get-me-over pitch," Zambrano said, of the sinker. "I have to be more aggressive.", "She was contagious in the fact that when you saw Rosa and she talked to you, you couldn’t help but roll up your sleeves and pitch in," Nazario said., Moreover, the singer's death prompted related questions that merited -- and received -- a public airing, such as whether New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie made the right move in ordering flags to be lowered to half-mast in her honor, and the dangers of drug abuse. (See video below of the governor addressing these issues.), Benchmark U.S. crude fell as low as $95.34 per barrel, 10 cents below the previous low set on Feb. 2. By the end of the day, the price had dropped, Available at: Amazon.com, 5 mushrooms, By the time they dressed, Evan had two more seizures. David caught the third in a cellphone video, so he could show doctors. It lasted less than a minute., 340 MISTY VALLEY DR $169,900, "If you have a mature child of 10 or older and you have good communication," she says, "there is a lot to learn here.", Bees love them. And the pod-bearing plants have a miraculous quality St. Patrick would appreciate: they harvest nitrogen from the air and deposit it in root nodules. The nitrogen becomes available to other plants when the host plant dies., “We’re very thankful that (Rick Stephenson) is very interested and willing in joining into the project,” Hanwell said., Registration papers filed by the Navy Veterans listed addresses of three officers of the group's Florida chapter: Commander Bill Abrams, Vice Commander Rob Ray and vice president Dale West. Nobody at Consumer Services checked to see if the officers or their addresses were real., June 18-22, July 9-13, July 23-27 Smart-Girl is an activity-based program that empowers girls to become confident, capable, self-reliant young women. Sessions include: June 18-22, entering sixth- and seventh-graders; July 9-13, entering sixth- and seventh-graders; July 23-27, entering eighth- and ninth/10th-grader combined. Another camp will be held at Kent Denver, 4000 E. Quincy Ave., Englewood from June 25-29 for entering eighth-graders. Cost is $280. The Denver Jewish Day School; 303-815-1921, e-mail: mbarajas @smart-girl.org, website: smart-girl .org/programs/camp2012, "Your punishment must be more severe," responds Bane., Reviewers: Michael Bauer (M.B.), Nicholas Boer (N.B.), Tara Duggan (T.D.), Mandy Erickson (M.E.), Amanda Gold (A.G.), Allen Matthews (A.M.), Miriam Morgan (M.M.), Carol Ness (C.N.) and Carey Sweet (C.S.), A strong number of Twitter trends went to the Denver Broncos. Then, largely (but not solely) due to Tim Tebow, the Jets took that baton., This car might be your worst nightmare. A plug-in hybrid electric luxury sedan that costs more than $100,000, from a California company—Orange County, but still—which has borrowed $169 million from taxpayers as part of the Department of Energy's advanced-vehicle-technology loan program; a car built not in the heartland but the socialist paradise of Finland; a car that, with the arithmetic all in, averages 52 mpg-e (that's the EPA's metric for plug-in hybrid EVs), which means that for all its fancy-dancy lithium-iron-phosphate star drive, it gets about the same fuel economy as a conventional Prius hybrid., The Howell Central junior guard scored 13 points to pace the Spartans to a 37-25 victory in the district title game., "I didn't tell you? We think Yong-sun set us up." Yong-sun is the 84-year-old Korean neighbor who manages half the houses on our block in Echo Park., Brosgol prefers to portray action in multiple panels with simple graphics instead of fewer panels drawn more intricately. The result is a well-paced story that feels dynamic and also intimate. The muted purple palette is a subtle underscoring of Anya's bruised ego., "It's as with all the people," she said., Margaret Busher, The local Diné bring their prayers to the rocks, which they call Hadahoniye', or sacred banded rock, which is an extension of Mother Earth., What went wrong for the Pacers, "I can make excuses, but there are none that make sense," Jenkins said. "My children are most important in my life and so I make time when they need it. I enjoy attending parent/teacher conferences.", Live near a foreclosed home in lousy shape? Join the club., "Something but Definitely not Nothing: The Spring 2012 BFA Exhibition," works by Preston Cram, Kristina Keeter, Logan Young and others, through May 11. Reception: 5-7 p.m. today. CU-Boulder campus, 303-492-8300, cuartmuseum.colorado.edu, Hipple said the company considered doing that, but executives decided that it would take more effort to rehabilitate the company's historic image than it would take to generate an entirely new one., Hours:11 a.m.-10 p.m. Sunday through Thursday, 11 a.m.- 11 p.m. Friday and Saturday. The Sacramento River and the Elk Grove restaurants are both open until midnight on Friday and Saturday., Does one congratulate the friend because she's going to be a grandmother? Does one show concern over the predicament?, 200 freestyle. Missy Franklin, Regis Jesuit, Jr. (1:43.15), Next week, the combined efforts of an entertainment giant, a health insurance titan, a group of academic heavyweights, a technology philanthropist and two federal agencies bring forth “The Weight of the Nation,” a four-hour, four-part HBO documentary that gives the nation’s obesity crisis a face., Student behavior is a dominant issue at the academy. The April 28 incident and others highlight the challenge any Job Corps operator faces: Balancing the program's goal of helping troubled youth against the mandate that the program provide a safe and enriching environment for all students., Subject: Update on Occupy Oakland, But I never tire of your sunsets and landscapes, Arizona, your deserts, canyons and mountains. I don't know if I could ever leave that behind., A day in District 4, “When you love the game and you like to compete, it would be tough to go out like this,” the all-time saves leader said. He added: “I can’t go down like this.”, Columbine capitalized right away with Cameron McDondle's 52-yard TD to make it 35-23, putting the wraps on another state title., On Tuesday, GM Daryl Morey held a news conference in which he cryptically talked about "the plan" he has for the franchise, which includes using trades to get better and shaking up the roster so it does not get stuck "spinning your wheels in the 45-win range.", Save the Cats founder Don Bloom said that in the short term, the remaining cats will be taken to volunteers' homes and some may be adopted out., The group began with 14 organizations. Then it grew to around 50 and began to collect and fill backpacks for students to take home on the weekends., Turns out he's on vacation. And he probably deserves one. But Riley dropped this one in the judge's lap and there's something about it that doesn't feel right., “Girls, what does the clock say?” he asks., The PMOI ceased military operations in 2001 and voluntarily disarmed in 2003. Nine U.S. security agencies confirm that more than 3,400 PMOI members in Camp Ashraf, Iraq, have no link to terrorism., In the plan, four years in the making, Adams envisioned 700 miles of new lanes, trails and boulevards to entice Portlanders to make one-quarter of all their trips by bike. But the plan also had a sticking point, outlining projects that could run as much as $600 million without much reliable funding., Beckstrom said all organizations encounter technical problems, and he said ICANN hopes to retain people's confidence by resolving the problems and communicating well., The firm's "Start Smart" program for healthy babies identifies women at high risk for premature births. For the past several years, women in Centene's care who have had a previous pre-term birth were given weekly injections of the steroid 17P to decrease the chance of a reoccurrence., In 2009 and 2010, a whistleblower, whose documents Piller later obtained, and Caltrans testing employees fought to get the attention of Caltrans' leadership and of the Bureau of State Audits. Inexplicably and inexcusably, Caltrans' leadership did nothing., During the recent spring break, team members worked out -- but were initially told by IPS that they couldn't do so at the school's gym., A. In the urban areas, they have only 13 public libraries. People will drive to the library. Cleveland is a walkable city. Every library is so important. Many people, if they couldn't walk to a library, they couldn't come., State Sen. Tim Grendell, a Republican from Geauga County, has gone further and suggested the sting was stopped to save the governor from political embarrassment. Grendell chairs the Senate's Criminal Justice Committee and will hold hearings on the scrubbed sting., Marietta, Investigators from the city of Chicago's inspector general's office have now questioned three of four key witnesses as they look into the Chicago Police Department's handling of a 2004 homicide case involving a nephew of former Mayor Richard M. Daley and William Daley, President Barack Obama's White House chief of staff., Anyone with information on Salazar's whereabouts area asked to call 911, Silent Witness at 480-WITNESS (480-948-6377) or, for Spanish, 480-TESTIGO (480-837-7446)., Holder said he has been telling European officials over the past week that "the problem that it created is best solved by a unified response.", 118 W HAWTHORNE ST $14,000, Shares: 120 / Available: 30, The Rockies wound up 3-6 during their nine-game homestand., Phillips, who grew up in San Diego, comes from Scottish heritage. She learned to play the organ, as her first instrument. She still plays in church. She later studied oboe and English horn, picking up Irish flute and penny whistle along the way., Inside, the home got fresh life with a remodeled kitchen and updated bathrooms. The home's iconic stonework, turret and the outdoor staircase – the only connection between the first and second floors - were untouched., He's wearing an ankle bracelet that will notify authorities if he consumes alcohol, something he said he put on before a court-ordered edict took hold because he wanted to prove to his family that he is serious about sobriety. He has lost weight since the arrest in September, perhaps 20 pounds, and said he began to attack his alcoholism by entering an intense two-week rehabilitation program the day after he was released from jail. And he says he now spends a minimum of five hours a day attending meetings or talking to a support person in his effort toward recovery., Physicals are often required to satisfy pre-participation requirements, The issue comes down to making sure that the right people are being screened, she said. It should be considered only for high-risk patients, given the potential harm of biopsies and other invasive testing that can ensue., The verdict followed an eight-day trial in Panama City in the Florida Panhandle. The jury of eight women began deliberating late Wednesday morning and took 14 hours to reach a decision., There are currently no specific projects being proposed for the Minute Maid site, East Windsor Mayor Janice Mironov said., National City Police Department, 1200 National City Blvd., To reach this Plain Dealer reporter: pkrouse@plaind.com, 216-999-4128, Here's a destination for Princess Diana's favorite dessert: bread-and-butter pudding, spiked with Bailey's Irish Cream ($7). Have shepherd's pie made with lamb instead of ground beef, served with brown bread ($8 lunch and $13 dinner)., The shooting of a teen in a gated community in Sanford, Fla., last month by a volunteer watchman deserves a thorough investigation by the state attorney general's office. The U.S. Justice Department, which is monitoring the case, should stand by., Sonner said he believes the case falls under Florida's stand-your-ground law, which dictates that a person has the right to stand his ground and "meet force with force" if attacked. "I believe what the evidence will show is that this case does fall under that," Sonner said. "I believe we have a good case.", "There's very limited high-quality, move-in-ready inventory out there," Fazendin said., Spilborghs, 32, is a career .272 hitter (424-for-1,561), with 42 homers and 218 RBI in 619 games. He hits right-handed and can play all three outfield positions. He's been in the big leagues seven seasons, all with the Rockies., NJIT entered into a redevelopment agreement with the city and signed on Jones Lang LaSalle Inc. as the developer., The local teachers union has come out strongly against the effort, saying any program that simply reinforces the "drill and kill" testing mentality will fail to engage students. And poor implementation could stymie even the most promising approaches., The APTA also reported in January that in major urban areas, people on average save $9,656 annually by using public transportation instead of driving., Late Wednesday, CBS 2 reported that the owners of City Tropics, where Krentcil had a 12-minute session every other day, banned her from the salon and revoked her membership., oI was in my 20s at the time and had thought myself to be in good physical shape until I arrived at the class and discovered that I could barely get into the postures that other class members twice my age seemed to do with ease. In fact one man in the class was 68 and moved into the postures effortlessly. That experience was enough for me not to return., "We are keeping all the present employees," she says, "and as for the menu, we will add a few classic French dishes now and some French-Vietnamese tapas eventually.", "We're going to be careful not to overreact in terms of our forecast," Johnson said during a conference call with reporters and analysts. "We're going to wait until we see March.", Portland 9, In the Bay Area, in fact, 18 percent said it's more hazardous living someplace else, compared with 15 percent who said the Bay Area seemed riskier., Asked to rate his performance in his first (almost) full game for the Hornets, Safron demurred., The set in motion a cross-border coaching musical chairs, which saw Turner leave Oak Park in favor of Miege., Right-hander Aaron Crow, who coughed up a 2-0 lead Wednesday, inherited that 4-3 lead. Andruw Jones led off with a single, but was erased on Eduardo Nunez's fielder's-choice grounder to short., “We had lines going down the street,” Clark said Friday. “We couldn’t let everyone in at once.”, Yep, the proprietor said, it was indeed that same McCluer. He was an expatriated St. Louisan who had decided to take his custard-creating skills to Florida and make a living by fattening tourists. Not an unpleasant career choice. We chatted for a while about St. Louis and weather and stuff, and then I asked, "So, did you learn the custard business from Ted Drewes?", Really, how can any of us squeeze an entire summer’s worth of island-hopping, sunbathing and beach blanket bingo into a measly two-month vacation?, Lewis did not respond to repeated attempts to reach him for a comment. A Ravens spokesman referred The Baltimore Sun to Rosen and MVP Lanes., Several agencies received reports of hoarding at Bruno's ranch, but it took months to document. Typically, the accused offer myriad excuses. They claim they are victims of religious and political persecution or contend people are lying or planting evidence., – Lynn M. Phillips, Fullerton, 1998: Begins his managerial career with Cleveland low-Class A affiliate Columbus, posting a 59-81 record., Golf is lacking a clear-cut No. 1 at the moment, something McIlroy hopes to change in the coming months. Woods remains the game's top attraction. Just look at the size of his gallery, the amount of TV coverage he gets. For so long, golf was Woods., But an opinion that in theory is eminently just threatens to result in a manifest injustice in Baltimore. At first blush, the high court's ruling appears to bolster the case of former Baltimore Catholic school teacher John J. Merzbacher, who was sentenced to four life terms on six counts of child rape and sexual abuse and faced 100 other charges for similar crimes. He destroyed dozens of lives, and despite his age (70) and years in prison, his victims still fear for themselves, their children and for the community. But a federal judge agreed last year with his contention that he was never informed of a plea offer, and that echoes the circumstances of one of the cases the Supreme Court addressed this week. For what he has done, Mr. Merzbacher deserves to spend the rest of his life in prison. Fortunately, the court ruling leaves open several avenues for Maryland officials to make sure he does., The overdraft fees often hit $35 per transaction., Leveraged gold ETFs are those that double your bet (either up or down) using borrowed funds, and they can be quite volatile. They include PowerShares DB Gold Double Long ETN (DGP)., Easy to make a case for the favored Patriots, but I'm going Giants. They will get to Tom Brady and have a better running game, which will keep Brady off field just enough., After the ejection, Bynum kept smiling as he high-fived teammates on the bench and a handful of fans in courtside seats before walking slowly across the court to the locker room. He finished with 16 points and seven rebounds in 23 minutes., Bargains: Nothing on the dinner menu will keep your wallet intact, so try the daily happy hour, which serves a mini-bistro list. Don't miss the mussels and palourdes, braised rabbit or crispy fries (cooked in duck fat for an extra buck)., I'm warning you. ..., Eurama cautions her against prizing the fabric over the person, a lesson that doesn't quite land, even when McKinley is swept into mourning at an indigo-tinged funeral when Eurama's husband dies. After this, McKinley continues to collect in weighty encounters successive fabrics, traveling along roads and through outposts that she notes were built for imperial extraction. McKinley's description of indigo's history, which often arises as overly deliberate exposition, is best when it appears like this, as it is — underfoot, in the air. Her most difficult procurement comes in the middle of an attempted coup in the Ivory Coast, where she sees herself mirrored in an upper-class African woman carrying, amid chaos over control of wealth, a Chanel purse: "I'm just like her; I'm unable to give up the ghost of the things I hope will fill me with meaning.", Around 5 a.m., police also announced that the group had 30 minutes to remove personal belongings and makeshift structures they have built., That's forcing some to head across the river before fuel runs out, said Mike Hahne, of Hahne's TGIF Towing in Granite City., “I know he loves horses,” he said, “but he’s the consummate businessman. He only does things because he considers them a great opportunity or a good business proposition., "He's explosive; he's very instinctive," Rams coach Jeff Fisher said. "For not being a four-year starter, he's very, very instinctive. He pushes the pocket, he can collapse (the pocket), he can get on an edge. He plays with effort. What else can you say?, Heading home through desert snow, They should've left that song alone or let a singer have the time it takes to do it right., Samuel Williams, 36, of Garfield Heights, owes $35,673 for his 18-year-old, $21,111 for his 14-year-old and $19,723 for his 10-year-old. He appeared in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court and was released on a $1,500 bond. He's due back in court May 14., That was a slight jump from 2010, when sales were $385 million., The list of creditors does not include Chagrin Falls investor Keith DeGreen, who invested $250,000 in the company just before it collapsed. He is suing InkStop founders Dirk and Dawn Kettlewell, its officers and board of directors for misleading him about the company's finances., Schrunk, whose office is helping with the reorganization, said investigators are prepared for a long-haul., "Today is the day of independence," said Amin Ganhouba, 30, a technician. "Today we got our freedom, and our dignity, from the simple act of voting.", 1 tbsp. capers, drained, Interior Secretary Ken Salazar suspended Arctic offshore drilling operations after the blowout of BP's Deepwater Horizon rig in the Gulf of Mexico and said the federal government will proceed with "utmost caution.", WASHINGTON -- Northwest lawmakers sided with the majority as Congress voted to allow people to carry loaded guns in national parks and wildlife refuges., The new racketeering charges allege that Forlani operated a criminal enterprise to enrich himself. Dimora is charged as a player in that enterprise, but the new indictment does not charge Dimora with racketeering., The county appears to be breaking parts of a state law that requires transcripts, standardized test scores and other "vital" records to be preserved forever, the consultant, Management Advisory Group, said in a recent report., We're definitely working on what we call dual-mode technology, that allows people to have the Clear network and the performance of a 4G network (in Portland) and then roam nationwide on Sprint's network. That's coming along. We don't have any firm product to announce yet, but we're testing that., GE Lighting, a LeanDog client, intends to use the ship to showcase state-of-the-art LED lighting techniques, setting a friendly harbor aglow with possibility., After an especially taxing day at his corporate communications job in downtown Portland, Dan Anderson was looking forward to the evening train commute to Oregon City., Three days had passed since he last took the mound in a game. Three more days needed to come and go before he would pitch again., "Crown Matrimonial" is Royce Ryton's history-based account of King Edward VIII and his abdication because of his love for a divorced American woman (which paved the way for his younger brother, George VI, celebrated in "The King's Speech"). This conflict of love and duty will play out on the Newport stage from March 30 through April 29., Berry, the boys coach at Class 4A La Salle the last two years, has installed a run-and-gun system that has the team averaging about 30 three-point attempts per game., These justifications are questionable at best., The Polar active monitors are wristwatch-like devices that detect body movement by the person wearing them. An animated figure on the monitor indicates the activity level. A bar shows the target time for doing moderate to vigorous activity and the amount of time achieved at that level., 9:22 a.m.: Protest heads up West Burnside toward Lincoln High., As she recounted on a blog at poachedjobs.com, the restaurant-industry jobs website founded by Peter Bro, she got a job at Public before the restaurant had even opened. At the time, she was a "green rookie" who still called sheet pans "cookie sheets" and "had to be taught how to cut a spring roll on a bias." (Bro, who owns several Southeast Portland restaurants, including Broder, is consulting on Smallwares.), Rap sheet: Clean, The Thursday vote came a week after federal prosecutors accused a contractor of taking Dimora on a gambling trip to Las Vegas and paying $1,000 for a prostitute to visit Dimora's hotel suite., One factor will be in the Giants’ favor: Manning. If you look at the teams that consistently reach the playoffs, they’re usually the ones with the best quarterbacks, and Manning has proven that he belongs near the top of that list., Time/place: 4 to 7:30 p.m. at University School's Hunting Valley Campus, 2785 SOM Center Road., FitzGerald and Mason deny any such alliance., Coffee now comprises more than 40 percent of Smucker's sales, with Folgers making up 80 percent of that figure, said Vince Byrd, president of the coffee business. Dunkin' Donuts, which makes up 15 percent of those sales, is the No. 2 packaged gourmet coffee brand after Starbucks., That surely will change next month when the Cardinals have only one off day, on May 10, after being scheduled for five off days in April., Yet those vague details still don’t bring either character to life, and the mother’s role has been so whittled down (at one point the story included a support group, where she was supposed to meet James Gandolfini) it leaves Bullock with very little to do but cry., NOPEC works and continues to be a strong voice for energy consumers throughout our region., WASHINGTON -- Medical device and drugmaker Abbott Laboratories said Wednesday it will lay off 700 employees as part of ongoing restructuring efforts., To those with complaints about the money-making plan, Longo has a message: "Don't break the law, and there's nothing to worry about.", A 39-year-old Mesa man is suspected of aggravated driving under the influence after a breathalyzer indicated his blood alcohol content was .313, nearly four times the legal limit of .08, according to a court document., Roy scored 18 of his game-high 24 points during a dramatic fourth quarter performance in which he made 8 of 10 field goals and recorded four assists. Roy accounted for 12 of the Blazers' 15 field goals in the deciding quarter as he helped the Blazers methodically chip away at what seemed to be an insurmountable lead., ‘‘It can be a lot of fun,'' he said. ‘‘We've got a lot of moving pieces, but I think it's going to be a lot of fun. A lot of youth, a lot of growing up, and we're going to have fun doing it.'', Endeavour, the youngest of the shuttles with 123 million miles over 25 flights, is now bound for a museum in California, shipping out early next year., The $20 million Zai raised so far is key to a project that has struggled to gain financing during a recession. The financing difficulties forced Wolstein to put the east bank project on hold in October 2008 and then to scale down the project's first phase almost a year later., Though it helps, winning isn't even as important as most fans think. Conference realignment shifts are more about popularity, campus beauty contests and credit checks., Today, Megill leads a young Orange squad onto the turf at MetLife Stadium in the Big City Classic. No. 14 Syracuse (4-3) faces eighth-ranked Duke (8-3) at 4 p.m. in the second of three games; sixth-ranked Notre Dame (6-1) squares off against St. John's (5-3) at 1 p.m.; and top-ranked Johns Hopkins (8-0) takes on No. 11 North Carolina (7-3) at 6:30 p.m., Weight: 120 pounds., Redesigning the website has cost $58,172, according to the treasurer’s office. A spokesman for Mandel pointed out that his predecessor, Democrat Kevin Boyce, spent $65,667 overhauling the site when he was in office., Key said it lost $226 million, or 69 cents per common share, in the second quarter. Analysts had projected a loss of 41 cents per share. The loss stems primarily from continuing problems with loans. Key last quarter lost $539 million from loans that went bad and continues to bolster its coffers for future losses because Meyer thinks the worst may not be over., "For me, it's never about awards," Nornhold said. "It's about getting them prepared for high school and beyond.", "Mountains and Sea," her breakthrough in pink, blue and green, set a style that critics — although not universally — have applauded for its lyricism and luminous use of color. Frankenthaler's stain technique influenced others such as Morris Louis, Jules Olitski and Kenneth Noland, giving rise to the Color Field movement of the 1950s and '60s., The trail became a social institution. Employees with the Phoenix parks and recreation department now call it "the boardwalk of Phoenix.", Player School Ht. Wt. 40 time, Partnership President Steve Pasierb says the mindset among parents is that it's just a little weed or a few pills – no biggie., “For 20 bucks a month, we’re providing more functionality than the Obama campaign had in 2008 for millions of dollars,” said Joe Green, who Thursday was named president of the company. Green is also the founder of Causes, a Facebook app that encourages people to give time and money to their favorite causes., Not only was Monday's win the Cardinals' fifth in seven games, it confirmed that their former Cy Young Award winner is again a pitching force. Carpenter had thrown 380 pitches in his previous three starts before Monday's breakneck rhythm offered a boost., In Northeast Ohio, Planned Parenthood Vice President of Health Services Regan Clawson said her staff regularly fields questions about IUDs and has seen an increase in referrals from local colleges. In the past 12 months, she estimated that local Planned Parenthood Clinics had inserted approximately 1,100 of the devices-- a 60 percent increase from just a few years ago., Sent: Saturday, November 21, 2009 2:57 PM, The year's municipal election didn't lack for drama, either. Carmen Wilkerson led a slate of write-in candidates open to the idea of dissolving the hamlet. Wilkerson was elected mayor and got a slap on the wrist from the Missouri Ethics Commission. Last week, the commission fined Wilkerson and some of her running mates $100 each for failing to disclose who paid for some election materials., Jackson is proud that more than $5 billion in new development is underway in Cleveland, the foundation for a brighter economy. But unless the city can do better to educate students and prepare them to hired for those future jobs, it won't matter much to the mayor., Outside of the office, Ervin is married to his wife, Karen, and they have two children in high school. They enjoy many sports, including snow skiing, hiking and fishing. Ervin especially enjoys scuba diving, a longtime pastime., 420 S. Sierra St.; (775) 329-2600 or eatatpegs.com. Also at 6300 Mae Anne Ave., (775) 624-2700; and 720 S. Meadows Pkwy., (775) 851-7200. Breakfast and lunch daily. Main courses, $5.99-$13.99., "Traditional climbers are really skilled, climb easily and faster," Kumar said. "But machines won't drink toddy. So they keep working.", Brown still prefers designating Bryant as their perennial closer., Gov. Jay Nixon proposed that the Legislature increase casino entrance fees by $1 per patron, which would generate about $50 million a year for veterans' programs., Teardrop earring base, Hours before the announcement, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy dodged a question on whether Bankia would be nationalized but tried to reassure the 10 million Spaniards who have accounts with Bankia and said Friday's additional reforms "will help solve a lot of Spain's problems.", "I think my guys deserve to go," Bochy said., The homestead credit effectively caps annual property tax increases at 4 percent for primary residences in Baltimore. The statewide cap is 10 percent, though many counties have lower limits. The credit became highly valuable to homeowners during last decade's real estate boom, and many still see major benefits even with the recent drop in home values., Democrats said that wasn't the point. "This is going to be a winning argument, not just for this week, but for the next two years," said Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., looking ahead to 2012., The foster home should have an area away from other pets, and preferably no children younger than 6, according to the Pet Project Foundation, the shelter’s support organization., A former pilot for Delta Air Lines, Montague spent 15 years flying Asian routes out of Portland until they were canceled. He also flew occasionally to Honolulu from Atlanta but has been to Maui only once., In anticipation of the start of the Cubs season, North Side bar owners in particular had been scrambling to find alternative ways to broadcast Thursday's game, with some using antennas to pick up WGN's free signal., Anaheim becomes the world’s music Mecca next week with the return of the annual National Assn. of Music Merchants trade show, which expects to draw more than 90,000 industry insiders., In the spirit of giving (and maybe even getting a little back), here are 10 new, large-format or otherwise special beers that would make lovely stocking stuffers or additions to your holiday dinner table., 2. Sprinkle 1 1/2 teaspoons salt over batter; stir in. Gradually beat in remaining 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour or more as needed to make a stiff dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured board; knead until smooth and pliable but still soft, at least 10 minutes, adding flour only as needed. Form into a smooth ball, place in a lightly floured bowl and sprinkle top lightly with flour. Cover with plastic wrap and a lightly dampened terry towel. Let stand at room temperature until doubled in bulk, 1 1/2 to 2 hours., The White House ousted reporters from Wednesday's concert before there was any chance to hear Obama sing again., The 41-year-old activist hatched his escape plan months ago with a simple idea – he would just lie still, said Bob Fu, founder of the Texas-based rights group ChinaAid and one of the few people to speak to Chen since he fled his village., Solving Digestive Problems Naturally: With Dr. William Civello. 6:30 p.m. May 3. Civello Spinal Center, 34441 W. Eight Mile, Ste. 116, Livonia. 734-525-9588. www.drcivello.com. Free. RSVP. Space is limited., Yates and a solid defense pulled them through. Yates went 26 of 44 for 300 yards with two touchdowns, one interception and five sacks., Davis recorded 37 putts — too many, she said. "I just don't have a lot of confidence with it." Davis placed ninth at the 2011 state tournament., Robin Wood, North Fort Myers, Fla., Russo recently pleaded guilty to 21 corruption-related crimes and is expected to be sentenced in December to nearly 22 years in prison., What does Scott do tonight, and for the next few games? None of the aforementioned options appeal to him. Perhaps he gives rookie power forward Tristan Thompson some time in the pivot. He supplied 13 rebounds and three blocked shots in his return to the lineup from a sprained ankle. But Thompson remains raw offensively and rarely passes the ball once he gets near the basket., "It doesn't matter who approves or designs a dam, even the Corps of Engineers, because dams are not completely 100 percent safe ever," she said. "That AmerenUE dam broke, and they had all the money in the world to maintain it.", The Rams love Brockers, at least enough to take him at No. 14 overall in the draft., Hanukkah Story Time: 7 p.m. Dec. 18. Children and families hear Hanukkah holiday stories. Glendale Public Library, 5959 W. Brown St., Glendale. Free. 623-930-3531. www.glendaleaz.com/library., One popular gerontology program sensitizes workers to dealing with older customers. Trainees wear blurry glasses to experience what the vision-impaired deal with in reading forms; they don earplugs so they can empathize when customers are confused in phone conversations if the speaker doesn't enunciate. The class includes grief counseling, as employees handling claims often deal with people who have just lost loved ones., "It's a lot more forgiving to learn your lessons under the wing of the university than out on your own," she acknowledged., To a man almost, the Flyers checked out. After scoring the game’s first goal and looking every bit the better team they clearly believe themselves to be, the Flyers simply stopped skating. They reached for pucks, they tried pretty passes while stationary and after a few near-misses, gradually watched the Devils steal home-ice advantage from them., It was a familiar pattern in an organization that for years didn't think twice about striking out. Here are the Tribe's strikeout and walk totals over the past four years., The menu of hand-crafted cocktails, on the other hand, is loaded with personality — a Pink & Tan, made with rye, strawberries and ginger beer, a Cactus Rose, concocted from tequila and pomegranate liqueur. That's the way things are now., Yet it only added to the drama of what was certainly the most exciting 26 hours of soccer since the last World Cup — and the busiest moment in social media history, with Twitter tracking a record 13,684 tweets per second during the Chelsea-Barcelona match, 1,400 more than the previous record for a sporting event set during the final moments of February's Super Bowl., Middle East diplomacy requires enormous sensitivity. Jerusalem is the fault line in 5,000 years of emotionally charged history. That means the megaphone should be used sparingly, and the pressure should be reserved for times when it really serves a useful purpose., June herself isn't so sure she wants to carry a gun, but she wouldn't mind knowing more about the deadly tools., Nichols, now development director for the city of Cleveland, was one of two defense witnesses to take the stand Thursday in U.S. District Court. The other witness was Adrian Maldonado, former director of procurement and diversity for the county., Now that President Barack Obama has kept his promise to withdraw all troops by the end of year, which is what so many of us have been looking for, there is this very vocal minority who are against leaving. How long do they expect us to stay there and to do what? Let's for once get behind our president and give him the support he deserves with his courageous decision., Details: 6-10 p.m. Friday, Feb. 10; 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 11; noon-4 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 12. Mesa Arts Center,, A message was left at the law office of Mauro's lawyer, Roberta Mauro Medina Maia, but it was not immediately returned., He might have been celebrating his freedom, as he had escaped his pen and was crowing outside the fence. Alas, it wasn't much to crow about. The wire fence has so many openings, said Twichell, that the chickens come and go as they please., The Register, Schmittner agreed that future studies should use more models to better pin down the results -- the study used the one available to the researchers. But he said he's confident the study's "much lower" upper limits on temperature increases are robust and consistent with previous ice-age climate reconstructions., Sometimes people drive more than twice the speed limit in residential areas where children live, said Ed Barnes, 70, a Mobile resident., See a great horned owl at nature center, Eric Hinske added an RBI single in the fourth to give the Braves a 3-0 lead, which made it a safe bet that Hudson (14-8) would prevail. He gave up five hits and one run in six innings and raised his career record to a mind-boggling 143-2 when provided a lead of at least three runs., Closer to the quake zone, there were cracks in the studied courtesy. At a gas station in Koriyama, about 130 miles north of Tokyo, some customers become anxious and agitated as fuel ran short, attendants said. Kenji Sato, an attendant of 12 years, recited apologies, trying to soothe people. "Sorry, no more gas, very sorry," he intoned., Nearly half of Rock City's attendance is repeat business, much of it generational. Donna Thomas of Cleveland, Tenn., said she first visited Rock City when she was 8 or 9 years old. "Later I took my own children there so they could see seven states at once," she said. Now her daughter has her own memories of the site because her husband proposed to her there., In June Trooper Scott Graham committed suicide in his patrol car while pulled over on a Garden State Parkway exit ramp in Wall Township. "It was a terrible tragedy," Fuentes said., 300 Pasteur Drive, 3:47 p.m. Tuesday A bike at Stanford Hospital was stolen., He explained that it makes sense in the electrification sector, to focus on the most-popular type of vehicle and the one that uses the most energy., The laborious process of distilling 65 hours of footage is ongoing. But in the meantime, Schulz has given interviews to the Chilean media, and people there are more aware of the situation in Chaiten., Some people might dismiss furkids. And we shouldn't blame them. They haven't had a dog like Ziggy. And, let's admit, not all dogs go to heaven., "It would be a travesty," he said, "to do away with all that work.", But (and it's a very important but) support for the death penalty, in Connecticut and elsewhere, is not as robust as it looks. When Quinnipiac asked a different question <U+0096> "Which punishment do you prefer for people convicted of murder, the death penalty or life in prison with no chance of parole?" <U+0096> only 46 percent favored the death penalty. An equal number chose life without parole. Death penalty opponents have an opening they haven't had for some time., Michael Roscoe was central to a heartwarming -- and heartbreaking -- international story in 2005, when he helped get an Afghan baby to Indianapolis for vital heart surgery., Boiled down, that was Hay's argument about Paideia keeping its charter. He lost. The judge ruled against the school, though he didn't address the issue of test scores., "We're learning each time," said Victoria Bailey, TDF's executive director, who also credited Disney Theatrical Productions for allowing two of their shows to participate. "It's really clear that the demand is there.", "I tell you, we attract that very bleeding edge, that avant-garde of risk takers.", The true bits of juicy news are the non-local visits. Teams may bring in up to 30 players from outside of the area for visits. While many teams might use such sit-downs as smoke screens, the Giants have been pretty genuine with their interest in those players in recent years. (Jerrel Jernigan and Jacquian Williams were among the players who visited last year. In 2010, the Giants drafted four players who came in for visits, including Jason Pierre-Paul.), In a flurry of NBA trade deadline activity on Thursday, the Blazers traded two players and received four. The moves pushed the Blazers' roster to 17 players, two over the league maximum., Christie’s budget also assumes the state will make a $506 million payment into the pension fund in the current fiscal year. If that happens, the current budget would top $30.1 billion — and Christie’s proposed budget would be considered smaller. But the governor said he won’t make the payment ahead of schedule if lawmakers don’t approve his proposed pension benefit reductions by next month., Instead, it will be up to Governor-elect John Kasich to decide whether $30 million of the money tapped to expand health care for an estimated 18,000 children will actually be spent that way. Kasich spokesman Rob Nichols did not return a call for comment., The festival, incorporated as a nonprofit organization, has raised $92,000. The Cohens are still smiling, even though they're knee-deep in all sorts of administrative matters., I don't know why I expected her to sit down., The shooting -- the second officer-involved fatal shooting this year -- prompted members of the Albina Ministerial Alliance Coalition for Justice and Police Reform to renew its call for a more restrictive state law on police use of deadly force. It also led to angry protests at the Police Bureau's Southeast Traffic Division that night and a Monday march in downtown Portland., Even then, the station's commander, Staff Sgt. Shawndelin Hall, recalled thinking, "He's got a lot of work to do if he wants to make it happen.", House salads are mixed greens, garbanzo beans, tomatoes and slices of black olives. They are well-chilled and come with a choice of house-made dressings. We liked the Italian and ranch combo., The current release of the GMA, from the 2008 harvest, was made with 33 percent grenache, 33 percent mourvedre and 34 percent alicante bouschet, yielding a wine as plush, varied and comforting as a Victorian parlor. (Two years ago, the 2007 version of the wine was named Best Red Rhône Blend at the California State Fair commercial wine competition.), The earthen levees, built in the 1940s and 1950s, protect an area that is home to more than 150,000 people and more than 7,000 businesses, as well as key transportation arteries., Yet the shareholders have left many bills unpaid. Sandvick says Macron owes him more than $34,000, and nobody from the building's ownership group paid for permits based on his renovation plans. Macron also owes more than $105,000 in fines levied by the Cleveland Housing Court, related to building code violations., It's all part of an overall theme of uncertainty and regret, one that is best expressed by Kindermann's musings on his life's work, about what he views as "a peculiar irony at work in the world: what you lack will always be magnified by the people and events that constitute your life. A boy with no appreciation for food will be born into a family of cooks and live above a bakery. A woman who feels no kindness for her children will see, everywhere she goes, mothers and fathers fawning over their babies. So it was with him. He'd gravitated to a career as a summer camp director. All his life he'd been exasperated by other people's unwise longings.", Defections from the army, which started as a trickle, now look like a torrent. In October, the number was around 800. The best total now available is about 17,000. The defectors have organized themselves as the Free Syrian Army and are creating credible command-and-control structures., Mizzou got back some breathing room on Dixon's pass to a back-cutting Matt Pressey and Dixon's layup after English stripped the ball from OU to make it 59-52., "I’m rather suspect of a report that does not really address the local circumstances on why zoning and planning decisions are made the way they are," Dressel said., Otherwise, I feel sure, people really are going to die., Dycus, 48, has been a roofer for about 26 years. Below his beard he wears a blue insulated flannel shirt and coveralls. Under his clothes are more layers., Santorum is only the most recent candidate to take a turn in the spotlight championing issues that have nothing to do with the economy or the nation's ability to remain strong globally., Those that say home ownership should be a thing of the past only have dollar signs in their eyes. They make the mistake of thinking the only reason people aspire to be homeowners is the dream of making a killing when they sell their home someday. Or, they want to be able to utilize the equity they build in their homes to finance the luxuries of life. While this attitude by some contributed to our economic challenges, the truth is home ownership was never meant to be a get-rich-quick scheme., “The fear of us can turn to anger, and anger can turn into action,” Haroun said., Things turn tart and bracing when Noel Coward's "Blithe Spirit," the tale of a medium, a novelist, and the ghost of his first wife haunts the Black Box Theater. (Jan. 22 - Feb. 17, 2013), Bochy has been asked to be on an All-Star staff four times: in 1997, 2001, 2007 and 2009. He also managed the team in 1999, when the game was at Fenway Park and Pedro Martínez struck out five National Leaguers in the first two innings., Chris Molitor, president of the International Association of Fire Fighters Local 73, said he had long heard something was coming from Slay's office but had not gotten anything official until last Thursday, when the mayor's operations director, Sam Dotson, told him to expect a letter this week requesting a meeting., Warning signs at boot camp, But in the world of tracking the percentage of premature births in a state, that grade isn't so bad., Environmentalists aren't happy. They vow to fight any new Northwest coal export terminals on global warming and pollution grounds -- at the same time they're lobbying to close Boardman and Washington's only coal-fired plant in Centralia and celebrating laws in Oregon and Washington that effectively bar new coal plant construction., How does that translate to the Democratic Convention in Denver, perhaps the biggest political event since the dawn of the Twitter age?, The imbalance here isn’t just in the number of inspectors, but in their rigor. Building inspectors have a history of winking at dangerous conditions — while restaurant owners know too well they’ll be cut no slack., "At some point you have to grab the rope and pull yourself out of it," Meyer told audience members., Q. Some off it comes down to the individuals. They think their jobs are going to India. Are they?, Expect, then, more cars in your country that originated in China -- especially if they've been made by Chinese firms., "Out of Africa," the 1985 epic loosely based on the autobiography of the same title by Isak Dinesen, the pen name of Karen von Blixen-Finecke, went on to win seven Oscars, including best director for Sidney Pollack. The romantic drama, featuring perennial Oscar nominee Meryl Streep as Dinesen, as well as Robert Redford and Klaus Maria Brandauer, was filmed on location throughout Kenya. Today, the Karen Blixen Coffee House and Museum, outside Nairobi, features props from the shoot, while a replica steam locomotive also used in the filming is on display at the Nairobi Railway Museum., And even the Tar Heels' bid for a national championship was weakened by the wrist fracture to point guard Kendall Marshall. North Carolina didn't announce Marshall's status for the regional., That's after Nathan collects a 3 percent commission., 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and stem removed, In ancient Rome, rape of a woman was tantamount to end of any hope of honorable life and "honor killing" was considered a sympathetic act of the family members. Roman law Pater familias provided complete power to the men of the family over their children and wives. Ancient Roman Law condoned killing women who had committed adultery by their husbands. For long time in Greece, the laws provided powers to husbands over wives as women were believed to be socially below the men. In many ancient cultures including Babylonian, Egypt, Native American and Persian cultures, women convicted of infidelity were given harsh sentences. Chinese husbands would cut off the hair of wives accused of illicit relationships and crush them to death by elephants., “I wasn’t sure how they’d go over, since most people assume that cats hate being dressed up,” says Song., Danielle Mayoras, a legacy expert attorney, said Houston’s daughter will likely be financially set, no matter her mother’s financial problems., Maj. Gen. Mukhtar al-Mullah, a member of the military council, warned late Friday in a televised statement that those involved in or instigating violence would be arrested. The daily Al-Ahram quoted an unidentified military official as saying 50 men who were allegedly hiding inside a mosque with automatic weapons were among those arrested., "I would have a hard time saying the new style of gin will ever take over from gins that taste unabashedly of gin," Maloney said. "That tang is so quintessentially what gin is. It's in your face with juniper. It's standing up and being counted.", In morning trading, shares of Charles Schwab Corp., based in San Francisco, added 20 cents, or 1 percent, to $19.26., Below is a list of the categories and a brief summary of the criteria for each., "Bad bill," said Rick Kuprewicz, a Redmond, Wash., pipeline consultant who sits on a federal pipeline advisory committee. "It gives an illusion of safety.", The slim 15-year-old with long brown hair sings the sad lyrics and rich melody with uncanny composure. Lucy's parents, Lee and Beverley Winn, say they can spot a touch of nerves. But to anyone else, stage jitters are invisible., This time, though, he'll compete in the Republican primary. In 2008, he lost in the Democratic primary., Now, I know better. I think it's because I'm looking forward to bringing my grandchildren to this building, and telling them about their great-grandmother. About training and trusting an eye for beauty. About how little beauty has to do with means., 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, When you drive through the valley on your arrival, the scarcity of cars is stunning for those who know the place only in summer, when it's something like driving the loop at SFO., How could Dennis Kucinich have been the only Democrat in Northeast Ohio's House delegation to oppose a bill that virtually guarantees a weaker, leaner NASA Glenn?, Although Ryan denied systemic problems, many of the allegations in the suit were consistent with those reported by The Arizona Republic in December and that have been raised by inmates, corrections officers and medical staff within the prison system in correspondence and interviews with the newspaper., The district's open-enrollment programs, and regular classes to a lesser degree, are filled with students of widely varying degrees of skills and comprehension. Students, teachers says, are also handicapped by their inability to understand life outside the few square blocks where they are growing up. Sometimes a concept as basic as recycling takes time to grasp, they say. All of this slows progress in the classroom., Rates can be even higher for second homes, which are considered investment properties and therefore riskier for lenders. Second-home buyers play a large role in the luxury market, from Martha's Vineyard to the ski areas of Colorado., "Make no mistake," he added, "we've got a long way to go -- 8% unemployment is nowhere near good enough, housing prices are nowhere near strong enough.", A veteran of reporting on prep basketball since 1961, Bell wrote: "Former St. John's University coach Lou Carnesecca said it wouldn't work in college. Then he began using it the following year. Later, UCLA coach John Wooden used it. Fletcher's 1965 state championship team set a state record for creating turnovers while averaging only five per game.", Diggs' own interest in county history came from working as a substitute teacher at Catonsville High School in the early 1990s., That explained the silence in the moments after Chris Neil beat Henrik Lundqvist 77 seconds into overtime, sealing a 3-2 win for the Ottawa Senators and forcing the Rangers to confront a conundrum they’d hoped to postpone as long as possible., This will be the 41st year people will walk through the gates and down International Street, and then make a decision: left toward the Racer, straight ahead, past the Eiffel Tower and to the Beast, or a right, with the kids, toward Little Bill<U+0092>s Giggle Coaster., "Y bring Tebow in when we need to bring in more Weapons for (at)Mark—Sanchez," Cromartie tweeted. "Let's build the team around him. We already signed to 3 year ext.", The frustrating part for the current edition is that it has performed better than its record. I'm not going to say the Browns should have beaten the Buccaneers or Romeo Crennel's Chiefs or the Ravens -- but they could have won any one of those games. They did not, though, because their record says they are a bad team, and bad teams find a way to lose., On O'Hare-to-Forest Park Blue Line runs, trains were canceled most often between 7 and 9 a.m. and from 3 to 5 p.m., the data show. For bus operations, 6 to 8 a.m. and 2 to 5 p.m. are hardest hit by canceled runs, the data show., "Awkward," Solinsky posted on his Twitter page., And Santa tried to console her with renegotiated pre-nup., PHILADELPHIA — Time’s up. The Devils’ biggest guns have had long enough to deliver what’s required, and if they don’t suddenly emerge as world-beating scorers, they’re not beating the Flyers., No work will be done on the new pavilion until after peak park season, likely in the fall., The party faithful will also be deciding on county freeholder candidates, and candidates for the 6th congressional district and the U.S. Senate., Christopher Reeve plays an American priest who becomes the Vatican's treasurer in this poorly received 1982 drama. Finding the Vatican's coffers nearly empty in the years following World War II, he establishes a profitable business arrangement with the Italian mob. He also seduces a prospective nun (Genevieve Bujold) before realizing the error of his ways and repenting. With Joe Pantoliano, Fernando Rey and Jason Miller. R, 121 minutes. No extras. From Shout Factory. Released Jan. 31., "I think we'll get 7,000 if the weather is decent," Jordan said. "It will be the best ticket in town that you don't have to buy.", "It did seem in some ways to not honor the commitment that people thought they had," said Stokes, who acknowledged friction between the local community and Hopkins., <U+0095>What is the license plate number, if known, of the abandoned vehicle., (05-02) 07:25 PDT Austin, Texas (AP) --, "It just started moving out," she said. "It was pretty quick.", But the final map isn't much friendlier to Democrats. On paper, 12 of the 16 districts are likely to break for Republicans -- the same number as under the "Team Boehner" plan., The government's Institute of the Sea says it found nearly 600 dead birds, mostly pelicans but also gannets, along a 43-mile (70-kilometer) stretch., Will Mackenzie go trick-or-treating?, oSundlum monitored the race from the lead truck., Real deals: Falafel and shawarma run $5-$6, but you might wish for a fresher pita than the store-bought bread here. Try a $3.50 spinach pie. Warmed up, it makes for a light lunch or nice midafternoon snack., "He saw me and my brothers as babying him," Cox said. "Cathy helped him understand there were medical reasons for our help. She said, 'I'm telling you this to keep you out of the hospital.' He got that.", The federal agency in 1990 began gathering information on payments to settle malpractice claims against doctors. It also collects reports of disciplinary actions taken against doctors by licensing agencies and hospitals and by the Drug Enforcement Administration., At issue is a provision in the Dome lease that states the CVC and the Rams can keep some information confidential, except under certain circumstances - such as when laws or NFL policies require information to be released, or if all parties give permission to making information public., Six months after adopting daughter Amaya Josephine and one week after filling out paperwork to start the adoption process a second time, Mariska Hargitay and husband Peter Hermann, also an actor, brought home another baby., Criminal history/bankruptcy: Filed for bankruptcy in 1994., In New Jersey, Bastianich revisited North Bergen, where the small ranch perched on the Palisades where her family first lived is long gone, but she did enjoy a lunch of eggplant meatballs and fried zucchini at Di Palma Brothers Restaurant on Kennedy Boulevard. She stopped by Jerry’s Gourmet in Englewood, where one of her old restaurant employees is now a mozzarella maker., The court system has for the most part turned back the legal challenges to nepotic hiring mounted for the most part by labor organizations., "It was very important for us to put safeguards in place to protect the taxpayer," she said., Also, since 2007, government spending has jumped $1.1 trillion, but only $200 billion was needed to cover inflation — the $900 billion additional was new programs and benefits and higher pay. That has increased federal spending's share of gross domestic product from 19.6 percent to more than 25 percent., The presence of three to eight fetuses, of course, does not have to result in the birth of three to seven children. Thanks to a procedure called multifetal reduction, parents have the ability to reduce the number of fetuses and therefore limit the risks to the mother and the remaining babies. It is obviously a difficult and painful decision for prospective parents, but the bottom line is that multifetal reduction can vastly reduce the chances of an extremely premature birth and other complications., A more complete release, including each retiree's final salary, years of service, retirement date and method used to calculate retirement, will come in March, giving the agency time to extract the data and inform retirees that the information will be released., Manchester: Ryan J. Koch, Saint Louis University High School, University of Missouri-Columbia., Penn State (24-23, 10-8) won the first two games of the series and led 2-1 in the sixth inning Sunday before the Gophers grabbed the lead for good on designated hitter Kurt Schlangen's two-run single in the bottom of the inning., not only the first sub.-500 team to make the playoffs but the first to win a game. But now it goes on the road, where it's 2-6 and wasn't competitive in its losses - the closest was a 15-point defeat. But 1 of the road wins came vs. the Bears, who were unbalanced - 39 passes, 17 runs - and gave up 6 sacks in that Oct., oEmployers tell me about such scenarios every week., Corporate earnings results have provided a pleasant surprise, said Sam Stovall, chief equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ. After nine straight quarters of growth, earnings for S&P 500 companies were expected to be nearly flat. But eight of every 10 companies that have reported so far, including Coca-Cola and IBM, have beaten estimates. As a result, first-quarter earnings are now projected to rise 4.4 percent, according to S&P., Ocean City dates to 1700, when whaler John Peck began using the barrier island as a place to store freshly caught whales. In 1879, four Methodist ministers bought what was then called Peck's Beach to establish a Christian seaside resort., WASHINGTON -- Billionaire energy businessman William Koch, whose brothers finance an array of conservative political causes, directed another $1 million into a "super PAC" backing GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney, according to new campaign finance records filed Friday., So it's possible - however remotely - that you could end up with a towel another guest has used., Georgia Gulf Corp. is a sound business with strong prospects, and it isn’t impressed with unsolicited offers to buy the company, especially with those that may have been viewed as low-ball proposals., The district also created three deputy chief positions and promoted three firefighters into those positions. This allows Lemay to have a deputy chief on call on all shifts. The deputy chief acts as an incident commander at all fires in the district, including the casino., While getting laws passed has grown more difficult, campaign cash is still being sought at a staggering rate as lawmakers looking to next year's elections held 295 fund-raisers in 2009. For those scoring at home, that works out to about 18 fund-raisers for every bill that was passed., The valuation is on the low end of what CME hoped to get when it put the property on the market last year., "I had felt it earlier that summer, and it was as hard as a rock," said Muller's wife, Patricia. 'I told him it looked liked it was getting bigger. I didn't really think it was cancer, but I told him he should get it checked out.", No injuries were reported and no charges were filed., I had another embarrassing experience when I was a freshman at Yale. I took a psychology class and remember almost nothing about the class. One morning, the professor started talking about sex. I was seated in the front row and fainted. I dramatically fell on the floor. When I became conscious, the professor asked another student to escort me to the infirmary. I remember very little about the fainting experience. Again this experience might teach one to expect the unexpected., Henry also said that Express Scripts plans to continue growing its specialty drug business. Specialty drugs, which include biologic compounds, are expected to be a booming industry in the next few years, which could increase competition in that market. Medco and Express Scripts both have large specialty drug operations., Business owners made another push for the cameras last year after a few unruly teens caused a disruption, and the city subsequently allocated $160,000 for the cameras., Angelina and Rose are a unique and special sibling group that deserve a family. While they experience the typical sibling squabbles, they love and depend on one another. They get excited about the thought of exploring new opportunities as they get older, and would love to experience them with a loving and caring family., She earlier said al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri was most likely residing in Pakistan., The insurance from Christian Brothers would not cover it. Such therapy was not medically necessary, she was told., Instead, Netflix tailors its recommendations by relying on data that users provide on their profiles, plus information about past rentals -- including whether you stopped watching a streaming video and never resumed it and the speed at which you go through rentals -- and ratings you give to movies. (The system is not as refined for Netflix's mail-only customers, as less data is available.), Neither Morrison nor Eastern co-owner Jack Rogers could be reached Thursday to provide further details. A third Eastern owner, Delphin Frushour, said he hasn't talked to anyone from Moller Properties LLC since the fire., Marcum at Petco Park: 1-0, 2.57 ERA in one start., The Free Press editorial board met Thursday with Mitt Romney, during a campaign stop in Farmington Hills. Here is a transcript., 18. Into the Fire, FINANCIAL WOES, “The bottom line is they get the same funding as our public schools and charter schools, but there's no brick-and-mortar,” Slavens said. “It's such a for-profit business, and education shouldn't be for profit.”, Dinosaur Jr. satisfies Cohen's desire to bring an "old school" entry to the proceedings., Final figures from distributor Disney on Monday put the film's debut $7.1 million higher than the studio had estimated a day earlier., Technology companies were among the weakest in the S&P 500. Microchip Technology fell 12 percent after the chip make said it expected lower quarterly revenue and income because of waning demand from car makers. That pushed the stocks of other chip makers lower too. Novellus Systems Inc. fell 7 percent, and Texas Instruments Inc. fell 3.9 percent., "If the A's were so willing to sign Ramirez, why didn't they take a flier on Barry Bonds? How awesome would it have been if Bonds suited up in green and gold and played a pigeon's journey from McCovey Cove? In 2008 and 2009, he would have been at least as good as Ramirez is now. Heck, who's to say Bonds, at 47, isn't still a better hitter? Plus, he's not suspended.", Bryant, who left office in 2007, helped steer $10.5 million in state grants to his employer, a school within the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. Now he will have to pay $113,167 in restitution to UMDNJ and a $25,000 fine., While many may bemoan the loss of their youth, Quindlen writes about it with a graciousness that is both honest and accepting but without cloying prose. In short chapters, she speaks to shedding one's "stuff," the evolution of women's underwear styles, her decision to give up alcohol, the fresh beauty of teenage girls, the current "phenomenon of manic motherhood," her need to spend time alone, her memories of her mother, Catholicism, and the "underlying pathos" of retirement parties., Tuesdays, Today, and April 17 7 p.m. to 9 p.m.Saturday, April 21 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., In the meantime, some doctors and public health officials recommend that people who plan to be around unvaccinated infants and who haven't had a booster shot in more than two or three years consider getting another shot. That recommendation would apply especially to expectant parents and grandparents of newborns, Resignato said., So the big investment in HD Plus marks a milestone for Oregon and new technologies under development here., In the early 1900s, paddle wheel boats dropped visitors off every half hour at a turn-of-the-century amusement park that thrilled with rides like the Greyhound, a teeth-rattling wooden roller coaster, before burning down twice., The patrol says the car, driven by Deborah F. Hurr of Warrensburg, was backing out of a driveway when the right rear tire hit Brijae in the head., But Butler just snarls his way through the whole movie, and whatever good Sam Childers has actually accomplished — and is still accomplishing — is lost in movie mediocrity. The filmmakers may have started with a real story here. But all they’ve come up with is a real chore., Dinner 5-10 p.m. Sunday; 5:30-10 p.m. Monday and Wednesday-Thursday, Friday-Saturday until 11 p.m. Full bar. Reservation and credit cards accepted. Easy street parking., The Army Corps' report also notes special care will be needed to find and dispose of any cannonballs and other explosive projectiles remaining on the riverbed., The zoo hopes to move quickly on the improvements after it closes on the property., Neither of the victims could identify Whitney, but one of them recognized the voice as that of Robert Mitchell, himself a Seton Hall basketball player who had just been dismissed from the team the day before., "It's very fluid," Flood said of his lone staff opening. "I want to bring the best person here. I want to bring the best person, the best football coach, the best recruiter. I don't want to sacrifice in any of those areas on anybody that we bring to Rutgers because we don't have to.", -- An interactive, group culinary experience from 6<U+0096>8 p.m. on either Friday or Saturday night in the R Kitchen -- a new, cutting edge open kitchen that was among the resort's added amenities in its recent $35 million renovation project, A grant to provide counseling made a big difference to those dealing with split loyalties and frayed emotions., Council members Sharon Quirk Silva and Bruce Whitaker were at the gathering. So was Cpt. Dan Hughes, the acting police chief., It's also unclear how Prop. 19 would sit with the federal government, both in terms of the federal ban on marijuana and on federal funding that carries the stipulation that the recipient operate under provisions for a drug-free workplace., "I think there's so much parity in the field this year," he said. "Twenty horses any year is tough. This year I think it's going to be even tougher. It's going to get down to whether the horses can get the mile and a quarter and if they can get the trip.", Within the last 10 years, advanced doppler ultrasound has become the test of choice to detect bad veins. A doppler ultrasound only takes about 25 minutes., Cardinals righthander Adam Wainwright, fresh from signing autographs at the Cardinals' Care Winter Warm-Up this afternoon, planned to attend former manager Tony La Russa's entertainment event for La Russa's Animal Rescue Foundation tonight. But he had mixed emotions. A large part of him wanted to watch Tim Tebow and the Denver Broncos on television in their National Football League playoff game at New England., Request denied, Evacuating neighborhood:, CLEANING UP (6): If Beltran, the birthday boy, starts at cleanup this evening – and Matheny has given every indication that Beltran will stick there for awhile – he'll have more starts than any teammate at two spots in the order – No. 2 and No. 4. That's not unusual for the switch-hitter. Beltran has more than 450 plate appearances in his career at each of the top five positions in the lineup, and he has more than 1,000 plate appearances at three different spots in the order. How he's done at each spot in the order:, My second fascination: Derby names. Ratcliff, who skated with the Circle City Derby Girls, said hers was inspired by her career as an art director in journalism., While Kasich blamed previous governors for over-promising funds for ODOT projects, it is worth noting that Wray previously served as ODOT's director from 1991 to 1999 under governors George Voinovich and Bob Taft. Also former Gov. Ted Strickland, when he took office in 2007, raised concerns over whether ODOT had enough money to cover planned projects., Carmichael Recreation and Park District hosts its annual Egg Hunt and Pancake Breakfast (7-11 a.m.). Egg hunts for children ages 8 and younger begin at 10 a.m. Please bring your own basket. There will be arts, games and a visit from the Easter Bunny. 10 a.m. Carmichael Park. 5750 Grant Ave., Carmichael. Free; pancake breakfast is $5 general, $3 children ages 12 and younger. (916) 485-5322., Barry Shevlin: I am a member, "I'm sad it's the last one, but I'm realistic enough to know it can't go on forever," said Alfred Dion, 85, of Hingham, Mass., a machine gunner who received a Purple Heart. "Like everything else, things end.", Fellow ESPN draft analyst Todd McShay was equally complimentary of Rainey on Saturday., The organization plans to push the issue with the 500 or so hotels it negotiates with each year and encourage other meeting planners to do the same. The goal is to educate hotels and their staffs about human trafficking, help them identify it on their properties and come up with a plan to reach out to exploited minors., Thank you for your time and for all the help you have given everyone through the years., Your future, and your children's futures, might depend on knowing what your relatives died from., In interview after interview, I said the same thing. When you sign up for Ozzie Guillen, you sign up for all of him. You sign up for a good manager, the life of the party and a man who, now and then, will say something exceptionally dumb. If Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria didn't know that, he knows it now., Each child must come prepared to sing 16 bars of music. An accompanist will be provided. No pre-recorded music or a capella singing is allowed., In fact, they're thinking of remodeling their apartment and adding an elevator., 18666 Woodbine St., $30,000, <U+0093>I think it hurt everyone,<U+0094> Pioli said. <U+0093>Obviously no one had it, so it impacts everybody. I do think it may have impacted us a little bit differently than some maybe veteran teams because we had a group of guys that we drafted in 2010 that was a good class, we brought them in, they had their rookie minicamp, they had that little part of the offseason program, they had training camp, a season, and then the brakes are thrown on. So their development was held up a little bit., "This is beautiful," said Fudge, a Newark resident and English major. "It's just an element to add to the memory.", I'm a believer today., The pension system was underfunded by $46 billion at last count., "There's no question that today was a better day than last Thursday," Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver said. "I think it's too early — not just in the morning — but still in the negotiations to express confidence that we're at a deal. But there's no question though that we did make progress on some significant issues, but there are still some very significant issues left.", Great Danes in Westlake: Members of Harlequin Haven Great Dane Rescue will introduce people to their gentle giants from 1 to 3 p.m. Saturday, May 19, at Pet Supplies Plus, 30034 Detroit Road. Other Dane owners are invited to bring their dogs to the mingle. The group has two dozen Danes in Bethel, Ohio, that need homes., Is there something different about guys in law enforcement and the military? Since they are required to exude an intimidating kind of macho in their daily work, does that dictate a high testosterone ethic in every part of their lives? When you are expected to put your life on the line at any moment, does that automatically instill an eat-drink-and-be-merry-for-tomorrow-we-die attitude? Are they like members of a football or rugby team who revel in male bonding rituals that almost invariable include proving sexual mastery?, Job numbers out Friday highlighted the challenge Obama faces in convincing voters he is the right steward for the nation's economy. Job growth slumped for a second straight month. The unemployment rate ticked down to 8.1 percent but largely because more people stopped looking for work and therefore were no longer deemed unemployed., The new requirement took effect May 1 but is open for public comment until May 24. The final rule could be tweaked after all public comments are reviewed., "No one party will be able to dictate where we go from here," he said, a clear warning to Republicans that he won't simply bow to their demands for a sharply conservative switch in economic policy., Eye of the beholder, "It's kind of died down," said Tricia Landquist, spokeswoman for the Orange County Health Care Agency. "We depend on the Centers for Disease Control and follow their lead.", WASHINGTON -- With the well-being of millions of Americans and the U.S. economy at a pivotal point, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke faces a crucial decision -- and he faces it almost alone on a world stage., After reading a rare mention of the activist in a state-run newspaper, professor Liu Kang posted a message with Chen's name in it on the popular Twitter-like site run by Sina Corporation on Sunday only to see it erased by censors. He was surprised by the government's thoroughness., Sam Bradman scored all three of his goals in the second half to keep the Sea Gulls on top for the remainder of the game., Maggie Smith, Downton Abbey, Yahoo didn't return requests for comment Tuesday and Wednesday., surfaces with official confirmation, it's going to be with an announcement that Kelly is NFL-bound, and the Ducks are without a head coach. So what? That's right. I'm not worried. You shouldn't be worried. Because I believe Oregon, not Kelly, is the bonafide key to success in Eugene., oSorry, probably not., In the video below, Boyle talks about how coaching this team is different from coaching in other all-star games, the preparation and game plan his team intends to implement, and he discusses some of the players who have impressed him in practice and who he expects to have a big game for Team USA on Saturday., By the time he left the Mt. Hood Wellness Center, Schrunk concluded the place wasn't a priority., I liked it., Square Books was my first stop in Oxford. I walked east on Van Buren Avenue from the 5 Twelve Bed & Breakfast, passing the Old Venice Pizza Co., once the site of Devoe's Gathright-Reed Drug Co., whose lending library Faulkner frequented a century ago. For years, Gathright-Reed was one of the few places in town to sell Faulkner's books; until relatively late in his career, Faulkner was largely disregarded in Oxford, referred to as "Count No-Count" for his aloofness and his apparent aversion to hard work. This, of course, was not merely a local perspective: Before the 1946 publication of "The Portable Faulkner," which collected and contextualized his writing, most of his books were out of print., NEWARK — As police closed in on suspected drug kingpin Al-Shareef "Hard Head" Metz, today’s multi-city raid yielded enough weapons for a small army, and a stockpile of drugs worth more than some people earn in a year., Broomfield 38, Legacy 23, <U+0095> 2. Cut the mental lapses: The Kings have had far too many mental errors late in games that have led to defeat. Bad fouls and soft defense late in games will lead to more losses., A number of other residents lamented what could have been done with $30 million. Ellie Shank, 65, said the city had closed its pool and needed road improvements., Used on: Grass seed, berries, nurseries, squash, Wednesday, March 21; 1:05; Blue Jays; Sarasota, Primary Stroke Centers have developed excellent protocols for fast, effective treatment, which can significantly improve patient outcomes. Updated on the latest treatments, these Centers are certified by The Joint Commission - the oldest and largest health care standards-setting and accrediting organization in the U.S. - for undergoing an on-site evaluation and demonstrating compliance with nationally developed standards., "Cafe Neko" opened Thursday. Owner Alexander Thuer tells the Austria Press Agency that the idea to combine coffee with cats comes from his Japanese wife, Takako Ishimitsu, who says such establishments are common in Asia — but rare in Europe., Records: Chivas USA 3-5, Fire 2-2-2., "As far as attacking the guy without him attacking him, no way," Horton said., He'll have about a month to carry out his plan before being placed under house arrest., The standout design is called “nesl.” It’s a two-inch-square platform of soft silicone rubber with nine small, soft, rounded, cylindrical fingers extending upward to hold paper clips, business cards, pens, cell phones or anything else you’d stick in one., Flynn's been working on the renovation of his bar, which is housed inside the old North Avenue Market building, for about two and a half years. He said car break-ins are the only serious crime concern he's encountered., Another taster baked the manicotti entree in a conventional oven and found the cheese on top a little stringy, but was otherwise pleased with the results. The only downside was the 9 grams of saturated fat and 660 milligrams of sodium., Sack incentive*: $1.5 million, Besides lacrosse, Matt is also a golfer. Ideally, he’d meet a girl who also likes to putt around. “If she can beat me in golf that would be awesome,” he says., Two weeks later she was in Shanghai tearing up a pool, the place where she always is at home. Her parents sat in the stands pinching themselves over the idea that the kid towering over her rivals on the top step of the awards podium and belting out the national anthem was their daughter., But he said the likelihood of a buyout is speculative., Passenger advocates didn't mince words, either. Kevin Mitchell, whose Business Travel Coalition, based in Radnor, Pa., represents corporate travelers, called Spirit's statements "a new low" and labeled its actions "reckless" and "anti-consumer.", "Octomom" is scheduled to make an appearance this weekend for money and may try her hand at guest hosting on a radio show., “As part of this initiative, we offer a pre-engineering course to our seventh graders,” said Logan Superintendent Patricia Haney. “We also have a one-to-one laptop initiative which has been in effect in the seventh and eighth grade, but this year more laptops were added to the fifth and sixth grade level.”, -- The S&P 500 index is up 15 percent for the quarter and 56.3 percent from March. It is down 9.1 percent from a year ago and 32.5 percent from its high of 1,565.15 in October 2007., tickets to see their favorite team in action is not always easy., So, many foreclosure fights are fought by legal aid attorneys, who represent low-income people for free., In other Browns news:, She said Chief Justice Stuart Rabner is aware of the suit but he has no comment., The Senate this afternoon agreed to Sen. Claire McCaskill's proposal to postpone closings of post offices situated in rural areas after she dropped her insistence on a two-year delay., Some see little point in storytelling when the damage is done. Others say the listening project is misguided., When the Indians set a club record with 18 wins in April, Pestano had a 0.82 ERA., Perhaps this is a clue: Dwyane Wade, catalyst of the incident that nearly ended Rondo’s season, seemed pretty touchy about l’affaire Rajon on Sunday., No injuries were reported as a result of the storm., Wil P. Taylor's Hotel Nacional Special cocktail is quite a doozy of a drink; it has one of those simple formulas that yields a pretty complex potion., The girl is now 16. She and her mother went to police headquarters on Monday and reported that Perez had sexually assaulted the child 10 years ago, starting when she was 5, Mazuera wrote. The assaults involved sexual contact and occurred at his apartment on North Street, the police report says., Skippy Clary (Baltimore/Catonsville) scored three goals to lead the Green Terror (8-6, 4-3 CC), who handed the Bullets (10-4, 6-1 CC) their first conference loss of the season., Marquette jumped ahead midway near the first half when Alec Lage tapped through a pass from Sydney Vaughn that made it 1-0., DB Ben Chaney, jr., Troy, Nicholls said the witness was among dozens of Muslim prisoners taken to a meadow for execution by Bosnian Serb soldiers during the July 1995 massacre., Fill in empty spots with more floral texture and color. The succulents will last up to a month or more; fresh cut ingredients should last 5 days or more. Change water every 2 days., The customer-service classes, part of the airline's $2 billion improvement plan, is the first recurrent training devoted exclusively to customer service that Delta has done in a decade, a spokesman said., On Monday, Faber said his family received their first good news when doctors briefly took his sister off medicine that induces the coma., So Walker, 60, has become a budgetary Jeremiah, traveling the countryside to warn that the day of reckoning is coming., Retired Washtenaw County Judge Ann Mattson, who was appointed master by the state Supreme Court to oversee an investigation by the Michigan Judicial Tenure Commission, said in a ruling released Tuesday that James demonstrated "a lack of respect for the law" by lying to the commission and misappropriating court funds., On Tuesday, the Legislature gave final approval to a Kitzhaber-backed bill that adds 38-square-miles of reserves in Oregon's biologically rich territorial sea, a 3-mile-wide strip that hugs the coastline. The House voted 57-2 to approve Senate Bill 1510. The Senate passed the bill earlier., Twelve of the robberies were at dispensaries, and growers have reported 13 burglaries or home-invasion robberies at their residences, according to police records., Kalman, who plays in popular Cleveland bands Founding Fathers and Terminal Lovers and works at the Grog Shop, is putting his indie-rock background to good use., Summer visitors must be prepared for crowds. Roads have turnoffs, but most are narrow, and the going can be slow., He won the 2005 national Foot Locker Cross Country Championship and the 2006 U.S. Junior 1,500 title. In high school, he wore a headband bearing the words "A.J. Bumbaye," a slogan taken from the 1974 Muhammad Ali-George Foreman fight in Zaire that has been translated as, "Ali, kill him.", 12-22 Sunrise, Fla. BankAtlantic Center, The film, produced and directed by Aksoy, whose directing milieu heretofore had been comedy, tells of how the Ottomans' 21-year-old ruler, Mehmet II, took down the walls of the already beleaguered city and put an end to the flagging Byzantine Empire. It's filled with big battle scenes, the world's largest cannon (forged by a woman, no less) and a cameo voice-over by an actor portraying the Prophet Mohammed., Enjoyed article, Tavan Tolgoi, estimated to contain at least five billion metric tons of coal, is close to Mongolia's border with China. That will give the winning bidder a ready-made export market, with a ..., Kelley said he used his relationship with Dimora and Russo as leverage to solicit bribes and kickbacks, and he became a middleman in an assortment of scams. He testified that the schemes included funneling payments from a halfway house in Cleveland to Dimora in exchange for county funding and coming up with the idea of bribing a judge for favorable rulings in a divorce case., Triad scored seven of the first 11 points of the quarter to cut the lead to 29-17 on a Paige Burroughs steal and breakaway layup with 4:18 left in the quarter., In Cleveland, the county will pay the city $20 million for the existing convention center beneath malls B and C, and promises to return the grassy space to its staid, empty state. The county has budgeted about $15 million for the restoration., The force of the strike knocked the shoes and hat off the letter carrier and into the street, neighbors said. The lightning appeared to travel down the length of the tree, leaving a scar several inches wide and scattering bark into neighboring yards., Jim Goodness, a spokesman for the archdiocese, said that because Capparelli is now a matter of litigation, he could not say if church officials received a letter from Caldora., Hubbard reported from Cairo., According to GT Dream Cars' website, the cars used in the road course driving experience have top speeds of about 200 mph, but it says that drivers on the track are limited to speeds of about 100 mph., "Regarding the question of whether to go with more stimulus or budgetary consolidation, there are some who defend a uniform policy," Baroin said in an interview published in French daily Le Figaro Friday. "For my part, I prefer looking for what is most appropriate for each individual situation.", Anyone with a functioning brain already knew that Bonds used steroids. Bonds testified to that - while attaching the absurd caveat that he didn't know what he was taking. Again, no reasonable person believes him; of course Bonds knew what he was doing. He jiuced., Pumper, a former D-A-S Construction executive, has said he got favors from Dimora over the years by doing free home improvements and bribing him with cash and gifts. Pumper faces six years in prison for that and other corruption-related schemes. He is now cooperating with federal investigators., If you wanted to try to put an educational spin on it - and people did want to do that - you could argue that we live in a diverse world and kids ought to get used to that sooner rather than later. Plus, the black kids from the city who were going to the county would be going to better schools than the schools in the city., The goal is to attract new businesses from national and international markets to "The City of Arts," such as sit-down restaurants on Harbor Boulevard, and other development, retail and entertainment businesses, according to a city staff report., Q. The worst note to get, I think, is “I don’t like this character.” Because, you know, who says you have to like him? Does anyone really like Coriolanus? Do you want to buy Hamlet a beer?, Just in time for Mother's Day, an annual ranking of the best and worst countries in which to be a mom puts the USA in 25th place, up from 31st last year., “Neither of us touched it,” Hernandez said. “The only one who did was that other guy.”, Yet, he was willing to take me through those dark nights, the hunger, the sweating, the despair. If I was going to write about the first concentration camps in Europe since World War II, he seemed to say, the least I could do was get it right., Jordan Miller, Arundel, The chemical balance is apparent in multiple ways., The report quoted the father as saying the baby struggled "five or six times to get free but he continued squeezing harder until he stopped breathing. He stated as he was squeezing he was continually thinking of things his wife has done to him in the past and was frustrated that Alex would not go to sleep.", Butler and Norman Wielsch, a former state Department of Justice agent who led an antinarcotics task force in Contra Costa County, were indicted last year. The two once worked together as Antioch police officers., Wainwright p, If you head over to the Sponge Exchange, you'll find Mama's Greek Cuisine (735 Dodecanese Blvd. #40, (727) 944-2888; mamasgreekcuisine.net), a popular restaurant and bar that regularly features live music and belly dancers. The outdoor bar and patio is a great way to enjoy the breeze and the laid-back atmosphere of the surrounding neighborhood. Check the cocktail list for a variety of ouzo and Metaxa-based beverages. I liked the Mama's Greek Lemonade, a mix of ouzo and sour with a Metaxa 7 float. You can also order a shot of Plomari ouzo and keep the neat cordial glass that it's served in., A: It's very personal to me. I had just moved in with my (now) fiance and we both started to go to grad school (MIT Sloan School of Management) together. Grad school was already so challenging. On top of that, my fiance would wake me up at 5:30 every single morning with his alarm clock. And I could never fall asleep again. I was already sleeping so little. I totally felt it. I was more irritable, I felt a lot slower, I started gaining weight and was just much less creative. I realized that sleep was so important., Officials said the NEPA process will likely wrap up toward the end of 2012, at which point a final site recommendation will be made to the Federal Highway Administration., “In the beginning it was very different for me and different to get used to the family’s rules and how they run their house,” Calabrese said. “It’s a lot different than what I am used to. They are very laid back, very respectful people here. Everyone says please, thank you and your welcome. Everyone is very nice and there is a lot of that mid-western hospitality.”, The York County School Division will hold a parent university session, "My Child is Almost a Senior" on April 24 from 6 to 8 p.m. in the Grafton High School auditorium., Back in St. Louis, Jay apparently got back in the cages on Thursday and work up feeling good enough this afternoon to get the green light., The 2011 season should serve as his audition, though OSU Athletic Director Gene Smith has always said he's a proponent of wide-open national searches. At this stage, no reasonable national search could have been conducted now, so it was delayed until after the season. So expect Fickell to be a contender for the full-time job, though the Buckeyes should have some proven head coaches to choose from. Of course, if the program is hit with major NCAA sanctions, some potential hires may no longer be interested., Competitive, tenacious, disciplined and strong, but one thing she is not is dainty. At 176 pounds, Reed squatted 380 pounds in the July meet, setting a world record in the women's 46- to 49-year-old division. In the same meet, she bench pressed 314 pounds - another world record - and in the dead lift competition she set another world record by lifting 418 pounds., “Rock-N-Roll Geology Club” is for children ages 7-12. Revel in the fascinating formations of Earth‘s geologic creations. Hands-on club activities include exploring local geology, discovering what‘s in local soil, and identifying rocks and minerals. Cost is $6 per child per session (additional material fees may apply)., Take a story in Grandview that leaned heavily on the idea that Latinos are being targeted for hateful attacks., She moves a little slower than during her run of a record eight national championships during 1987-2008, but on game day, Summitt is still in charge, just as she has been for 1,098 wins after Saturday’s 84-73 victory over Kansas., These numbers need to come with what can only be called the Cardinals caveat because it is especially true in the Cardinals' case: It's what happens when a team gets a lot of runners on base., 1996 1/2 Sunset Dr., Pacific Grove, And in this race, if you don't have the bucks, bloodlines alone aren't going to get you to the finish line., I'm not suggesting that I'm the reason for the decline of the American church. Or maybe that is what I'm suggesting, in a way. In 1910 the London Times asked a number of authors to write on the topic "What's wrong with the world?" G.K. Chesteron submitted the shortest response: "I am.", The fund helps pay unemployment benefits., From LAX to Seattle, United, Alaska and Virgin America offer nonstop service; Southwest offers direct service (stop, no change of plane); and Southwest, Delta and United offer connecting service (change of plane). Restricted round-trip fares begin at $334., The crash site is between Gershal Avenue and the Cumberland County line here., For the first time, thanks to this forerunner of two-way glass, suspects could be identified anonymously., The investor, based in Miami, paid cash for the 1.3-million-square-foot building at the northeast corner of East Ninth Street and Euclid Avenue. An entity called Optima 925 LLC signed off on the purchase June 14, but records of the sale were not available until Wednesday. The seller was an investor group led by local businessman Carl Glickman., Ogle added that the program's assistants would remain the same, but added that there would be some shuffling of duties., Messages is available today from Apple as a free public beta. Two warnings: it requires 10.7.3 (you'll want to run Software Update first) and it'll stop working after 10.8 is released., Other iTunes critics continue to do business with Apple anyway. Prince's music is available from the online retailer, but he dismissed iTunes and the Internet altogether earlier this year., Last year, the Dow rose 5.5 percent. But strip out IBM and McDonald's, the two stocks with the highest prices last year, and it rose just 1.8 percent, according to calculations by Birinyi., "I have been in a big school most of my life and I like that it is a small school," the sophomore said. "I also like that it is a college preparatory school. Additionally I like how it is project based, as opposed to traditional teaching where you take notes or take tests.", Femling said his parents are regularly updated by the Army, and have been asked to keep the information confidential., Dunard Morris, 48, who has been accused of embezzling millions of dollars from the medical firm and also of violating the "stolen valor" act by posing as a war hero, appeared briefly before U. S. Magistrate Judge David Noce., Patricia McKeon, who has held one Washington, D.C., fundraiser and is planning another for May, has received contributions from a number of defense contractors, including $1,000 from Boeing's PAC; $3,000 from Lockheed Martin; and $3,900 from General Dynamics., (Can you blame him?), Starsia, who had not spoken publicly since the slaying until tonight, said before taking questions that he was not able to answer any queries related to the investigation., He gave up only four hits with one walk while striking out seven., When it rains, it pours. That cuts both ways, bad and good., Nick Peyton, maitre d' at Cyrus in Healdsburg, has served plenty of bling for dessert on Valentine's Day. He usually hides the ring under a silver dome and, with great flourish, removes the cover at just the right moment. Unfortunately, he says, everyone is too nervous to enjoy the meal., MENTOR, Couzens sat in his van, trying to summon the strength to open the door. The Teemans' son had committed suicide 28 years earlier. The night before last, Couzens had told them that their son was sexually abused by a priest before taking his life., City officials say that any deserving nonprofit can make a pitch to set up shop in a city building — even one that is currently occupied., When parents begin potty training their children, occasional wetting comes with the territory. However, after potty training is mastered, parents are often confused as to whether their child should still be having daytime accidents. This uncertainty can lead to a delay in diagnosis and develop into a clinically significant pattern., Six test events are taking place at five venues over the next week with 11,000 staff, including volunteer 'Games Makers', learning the ropes and seeking to iron out any problems before the July 27 opening ceremony., Santorum, a former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania who's enormously popular in the evangelical community, has yet to endorse Romney. The two are expected to meet Friday, though the Santorum camp has signaled that no immediate endorsement is likely., In the Century League:, "I have reached out to both camps and told them how great the organization is and how much of great fit it would be if they joined us," Viciedo said on a conference call in preparation for the Jan. 27 opening of SoxFest., Following the presentation, students said they found it to be informative and were impressed with that they were able to ask so many questions., If you land a job across town or across the country, you might be eligible to take a deduction for moving expenses. "It's an above-the-line deduction, dollar for dollar a reduction in your income," Schnepper said. In this case, unlike job-search expenses, you don't have to itemize to take advantage of the deduction., During his 2006 campaign, opponents attempted to link him to the Nation of Islam and Louis Farrakhan. His election garnered international attention, particularly in the Muslim world. Even his swearing-in was controversial -- Ellison created an outcry when he used the Koran owned by Thomas Jefferson instead of the more traditional Bible., Deborah Goldsberry, a co-founder who left Berkeley Patients Group last year, alleged money for the Maine project was pulled from a special trust account set aside to cover the group's state tax obligations, according to a wrongful termination complaint filed in Alameda County Superior Court in November., Last year, the city defaulted on a bond payment, resulting in a $4.1 million lawsuit. During the legal wrangling, the city threatened to file for bankruptcy., Competitors marvel at Bermingham's form, calling it a thing of beauty., Elsewhere, an even larger algae bloom has developed in the South River, according to state testing sites. Algae levels there are nearly three times as high as in the Patapsco., As a taxpayer, I am appalled at the reckless squandering of scarce limited resources for something so insignificant while our city fails to resolve the real problems we have, such as youth violence, unemployment and exorbitant housing costs., All officials spoke on condition of anonymity in line with military regulations., They found some 1,400 other like-minded souls and decided to build themselves a skyscraper., -- Bea Scala-Fischler,, Vitarius, a student at Kingwood who signed to swim at Auburn, turned in a stellar time of 1 minute, 55.17 seconds in the 200-yard backstroke, which landed her in third place nationally., The type of inflammation that is occurring in his stomach can exist in other parts of his gastrointestinal tract as well. Likely, there was a plan for a follow-up appointment, about two months after the first visit to make sure the medicines are working., Evergreen 4, Durango 1, MEAC: Norfolk State (25-9), First, why did Andrea Sneiderman wait so long to tell police about her suspicions that Neuman, her onetime supervisor at GE Energy, was involved in her husband's murder?, As the evening unfolded -- the Beaverton High School band welcoming prom-goers to Montgomery Park with "Don't Stop Believin'" -- the intensity of the experience left many of them dazed. Prom queen Jerry Williams, radiant in soft blue, was still trying to catch her breath after the daylong battle to put every eyelash and expectation into its proper place., If adopted, the proposals could cut more than $10,000 from the mayor's base compensation package. The actual cuts wouldn't be as drastic, however, because the city would continue to pay mileage costs instead of a set allowance., "Everybody has their opinion...It's a free country up and to a point. But they are a terrorist group...and until that changes," the FBI will go after "anyone who supports them whether financially or with material support.", He takes us downstairs, where workers are finishing construction on Ginny's Supper Club (the room has just opened for business). The sleekly designed space will host different kinds of music - jazz and Latin, for example. Only this one, Samuelsson notes, "will have really good food." Music is a theme at Red Rooster upstairs, too: The Sunday gospel brunch is extremely popular, and there's a nook in front where a DJ comes to spin., Oregon's palindromist ranks also include Monmouth physician Tim Van Ert, 58, who runs the website mockok.com, the world's most complete treasury of attributed palindromes., The commission reached no conclusions on controversial topics such as changing the market's schedule or switching up the mix of tenants. But members stressed the need to make the market self-sustaining, less reliant on a municipal landlord during a time of shrinking city budgets., DiVincenzo, who spoke at the Essex County Hospital Center in Cedar Grove, looked back on a tenure during which he turned a $64 million deficit into a $54 million surplus, a financial cushion and rainy-day fund since tapped heavily, leaving just $9.2 million for fiscal 2010., Lisa Brown, Tim Barker and Georgina Gustin of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report., "The California economy is getting better, but we're still challenged by the effects of the mortgage meltdown," Brown said after his appearance at the conference, put on by the Silicon Valley Leadership Group at IBM's research facility in San Jose., He had one in his first Derby., HUANG QI, a veteran activist who runs a rights monitoring group in the western province of Sichuan, says Chen is just one of many people in China who need the international community's support:, "Normally, you call in creditors and say you have to cut a deal. If they don't, the other option is bankruptcy.", He said there is one shelter that will open today at 6 p.m. at Lord Stirling School, but "we have 45 other shelters we can open on a need basis.", MARIST 69, Cottage Grove 7, Teens assume the police are out to get them since they become accustomed to being profiled, he said., CHAGRIN FALLS SCHOOLS, Miami's lone touchdown was set up by an early blocked punt. Moore threw only his second interception in the past six games, lost a fumble and was sacked four times. He left the game midway through the second half after being hit from behind as he threw an incomplete pass., For 20 years he hosted the Junior Seau Celebrity Golf Classic, which benefited his foundation., 5. Place about 1/3 cup batter into each paper liner. Bake 15 to, Utah's Legislature subsequently passed a pilot guest-worker program., Despite the heavy media interest, spectator turnout has been lower than many expected. Courthouse officials said they believe it's partly because of rules that require the public to sign up for seats the day before and partly because of the horrific nature of the case., In the decades since Duffield and his wife Mary took over the farm it has evolved from producing mostly peaches to be sold out of town to a full-fledged retail market on their property where they sell various fresh fruits and vegetables as well as baked goods and deli items., An undetermined number of people living within a block of the bank were evacuated from their homes Friday, and a quarter-mile area around the crime scene was cordoned off., Entertainment will include carolers, children's choir and a bell choir Dec. 8. Other activities include camel rides and photos for $5 each, a climbing wall, and a coconut tree for kids to monkey around on. There are wagon rides Wednesday through Sunday, and a romantic horse-drawn carriage Monday and Tuesday., "We believe God does this all of the time," Green said., In exchange, Marathon Petroleum promised to retain 1,650 employees in Findlay ($161 million in annual payroll), add 100 new employees (annual payroll: $10 million) and spend $20 million to renovate the company's Findlay offices and upgrade their equipment and "infrastructure.", - JEERS: To the year of the rat. Residents of Deptford’s Oak Valley section say they’ve been living with rodents - really big rats - for that long. Township officials speculate that the infestation started with the demolition of a nearby apartment complex and have sent exterminators to the sewers. County officials say the problem is not out of control, but some neighbors might beg to differ. Sounds like more must be done on behalf of the homeowners., Lawrence's literary scene has been better-known for its past <U+0097> early home of Langston Hughes; final home of William S. Burroughs <U+0097> than its present. The city's current lit-minded contingent of readers and writers wants that to change., Retailers who do ring up a lot of purchases may end up cannibalizing their sales later in the season, creating "a trough between Thanksgiving and the last few shopping days before Christmas, with little change in total sales," Gaskins said., 1 EL GATO CT $103,000, The news comes a day after GM reported an uptick in Volt sales to 2,289 in March, a 50% increase from the previous high in December. Sales of the extended-range plug-in electric vehicle disappointed in early months but are now gaining steam., The new shopping areas included the Galleria, West County Mall, South County Center and the Gravois Bluffs Plaza in Fenton., Cedar Fair owns 11 amusement parks and 6 water parks including Cedar Point in Sandusky, King's Island near Cincinnati and Geauga Lake Wildwater Kingdom in Aurora., It's surprising that with all the amazing produce at our back door there aren't more vegetarian restaurants that meticulously respect that bounty. Too many places end up taking great products and diminishing them., Just before launching, commander Mark Kelly, a West Orange native, made some patriotic remarks: "It's in the DNA of our great country to reach for the stars and explore. We must not stop. To all the millions watching today, including our spouses, children, family and friends, we thank you for your support.", "This is really big for Cargill," Boughner explains to Paulsen. "We handle a global food chain.", He is the second high-profile athlete to die from cardiac arrest recently, after Italian soccer player Piermario Morosini collapsed on the field during a Serie B game for Livorno last month. That incident came just a month after Bolton midfielder Fabrice Muamba also collapsed during a game but survived., But I'm not optimistic, and even though the mere thought of buying the flooring and transporting it home and storing it has me paralyzed with fear, in my heart I know that if -- OK, when -- we tackle the project, we'll do it well and we'll do it together and in the end, again, we'll be just a little closer. That, or I'll be living in a run-down apartment on the wrong side of the tracks, subsisting on Top Ramen and Hamburger Helper (minus the hamburger)., "We kept our word," he said, having promised a proposal to solve an $8 billion deficit and balance the state's budget., The zone will go into effect April 1, 13 days before the Timbers first home game, through Oct. 31, coinciding with the game schedule. During those months, the zone will be in effect from 6 to 10 p.m., Wednesday through Saturday, and from 1 to 6 p.m. on Sunday. The previous "Zone L" was in effect every day of the week, but this year, no Timbers home games are scheduled for Mondays and Tuesdays., After the boy was hospitalized in late March, state child welfare officials sent a team to Lane County to look again at the work of the local caseworkers and their supervisors., Clague Road United Church of Christ, 3650 Clague Road, North Olmsted. (440) 734-1040., "In plain terms, a child is a complicated creature who can drive you crazy" Sendak told the AP in 2009. "There's a cruelty to childhood, there's an anger. And I did not want to reduce Max to the trite image of the good little boy that you find in too many books.", Members: Glenn Danzig (vocals), Tommy Victor (guitar), Steve Zing (bass, backing vocals), Johnny Kelly (drums), However, just when "Jitney" threatens to be nothing but a gabfest, a galvanizing conflict rears its considerable head. There have been hundreds of plays that deal with conflicts between fathers and sons, but few have shown the one here. Booster has just been released from prison after 20 years. A crime of passion put him away and Becker -- his father and the car service owner -- still has rock-hard feelings about the incident., Past judges have included designers for virtually every major automaker and teachers at top design schools around the world. More than 4,300 people from 109 countries have participated since the Challenge began in 2003., Get Healthy Snowshoeing, three sessions: 4-5 p.m., 6-7 p.m. and 7-8 p.m. Thursday, Jan. 7. Lake Metroparks/Lake Health, Chapin Forest West, 10381 Hobart Road, Kirtland. To register, call 440-953-6000. $5., Assists were much more strictly rationed then, so, former teammates say, he was extremely picky about the targets of his passes. He trusted Hal Greer and Billy Cunningham on jump shots. No one else, including Chet "The Jet" Walker, one of the great players of the era, got the ball from him for outside shots. Walker habitually gave an "upfake" before shooting. Under the rules of the time, that slight move took the assist away., Seger, general manager, mixologist and sommelier of Chicago bar/restaurant Nacional 27, is part of a multitasking breed of barkeep that likes to incorporate culinary techniques into drinks. Bacon is the most popular meat-in-a-glass, but Seger has also made a ham-and-cheese cocktail, while renowned mixologist Todd Thrasher has experimented with foie gras and lamb., Up at 7 or 7:30, he has breakfast. A cup of coffee and a tortilla. A little bit of chile, some beans., "I just knew this was going to be a statement film," he says., The prison was put on lockdown, and Goodyear police setup a perimeter around the facility, said Arizona Department of Corrections spokesman Bill Lamoreaux., LB Demetrius Bernard, jr., Fort Zumwalt West, Then there was the welcoming party…, Then it was back to the gozzo for a half-day cruise around the island. The din of Capri Town faded as we swam in sea caves, lounged on the boat's deck, spotted mountain goats clinging to the hillside and marveled over spectacular views and scenery., This time around -- pressured by everyone from President Obama to Moveon.org -- the Cleveland Democrat had no luxury to dawdle before taking a stance. He announced at a Capitol news conference this morning that he'll vote "yes" on the bill's latest draft., Siegel had a law office in the same building as Lester for 15 years and, for a time, lived a few blocks away. He would pop into Lester's house unannounced, plop down in the living room and ask Lester to play the piano., The bombs were found on sidewalks during a rally of up to ten thousand leftists on May Day, but police officers initially thought they were just large pyrotechnics and picked them up by hand to have them checked by experts., If she balks, strains credulity or turns it on you -- then tell her that you'd rather have her just tell you what she's thinking and feeling than worry how you'll react when you hear it. You both need to know what problems you face., In his March 9 motion, Burns accused his attorneys, Joseph Stazzone and Gary Bevilacque of failing to "follow up on investigative leads" that could help his case. Burns also argued communication breakdowns created "trust issues.", Webster Groves 89, Miller Career Academy 56, It is late October in Saddlestring, Wyo., when a horrifying discovery is made on the Twelve Sleep River. Three bloody bodies in a drift boat almost knock over an unsuspecting fly fisherman. This spins the local law into a frenzy since even one murder is big news for this lightly inhabited area., But some conservative senators are frustrated with the plodding way the Senate operates. With term limits pushing them out after eight years, they want to move faster. They encouraged Sen. Rob Mayer of Dexter to challenge Engler, and this week Mayer jumped into the fray., On Jane Drive in St. Peters, Debby Goggins, 58, a nurse who raised two daughters in the house she and her husband bought in 1979, pointed out three houses whose residents have been her neighbors "forever." Only a few young kids live close by, she said., Scene: You might find a small group having a meeting on a couch in one cozy corner. In another corner, a couple is playing cribbage. Outside on the walkway, someone else is sipping coffee and pounding away at his laptop. The interior of Coffee & Tea Express is not high style, but it's welcoming. Art for sale hangs on the walls. Isn't that always a great way to decorate your restaurant? Turn it into an art gallery, and that benefits the restaurant as well as local artists hoping to put their work in front of the public. This place has some cute dog art and other fine pieces., "We want to grow this business, but we don't know what the economy is going to do," Kowalski said. "There are so many things in flux.", Undergraduates living on campus will pay $49,069 for the 2011-2012 school year under the prices approved Saturday by Princeton’s board of trustees. The total includes $37,000 for tuition, a 1 percent increase; $6,596 for a dormitory room, a 2 percent increase; and $5,473 for a meal plan, the same as last year., NEW ORLEANS -- A settlement outlined Wednesday between a major manufacturer of Chinese-made drywall and homebuilders who used the tainted product in Florida, Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi could affect anywhere from 800 to 1,500 homes, attorneys said., Outspoken former Cardinal Jack Clark will be on his third local radio station in three seasons, as he has joined KFNS (590 AM)., Ten years ago, dog show luminary Wayne Ferguson resurrected the elegant dog show, which had languished since Dodge’s death. He and his committee decided to have the show every five years in keeping with tradition. As I admired one woman’s lime-green hat cascaded with feathers, she admitted she’d searched consignment shops to find her outfit. Dogs, however, were relegated to their own flowing tresses groomed to perfection., So far, the idea of an actual Tequila Party seems to be solely embraced by comedians and other wisecrackers. George López has said on his TBS talk show that he will be running for President under its banner, promising to campaign across the country in a 1966 sky-blue El Camino and guaranteeing that under his administration all bottles of tequila will cost only $3., "The crackdown was so successful," Mowatt-Larssen said, "that intelligence about the program basically dried up.", PHILADELPHIA — If the Devils were intoxicated by two straight overtime victories in the opening round of the Stanley Cup playoffs, they’ve sobered up in a hurry., Women's issues, especially the recent debate over birth-control coverage by health insurance, play a disproportionate role in the northern part of the state, with its bustling suburbs. The rural economy, social issues and military policy are a problem for Obama in the more traditionally conservative parts of Virginia, such as the southeast, in places like Hampton Roads, where Romney campaigned this week., The judge told them, "At the time of the accident or immediately thereafter.", Reservations are recommended and available at aquaticabyseaworld.com or 800-327-2424. (Ultimate-cabana reservations must be made via phone.), Almost surreal to awaken to Post-Paterno era. So sad, last night seeing Joe and Sue waving outside their front door., Quarterback Connor Cook, on his performance early in the spring game: "I felt focused, and a couple of my throws were getting away from me. The same thing happened in the second scrimmage we had. I was sailing a lot of balls early. Then as the scrimmage went on I started to feel more comfortable. Same thing happened today. My first couple throws got away from me. And then later on down the stretch, that one 2-minute drill (in the second quarter), that's where I kind of felt really comfortable and got in my groove.", Travelers can book a tour or hire a guide in Colima to explore Fuego's lower reaches or hike to the top of Nevado de Colima. Campsites and a basic hut are also available at the park entrance, where trails lead into wildlife-rich pine forest on Nevado de Colima's slopes. Dry months are December through May, though December through February can bring freezing temperatures., Once marked on maps as Terra Incognita (Unknown Land), this is believed to be the last place on the globe that prehistoric humans reached by foot as the ice shelf retreated about 14,000 years ago., It means they can cash in unused sick days for public dollars or use leftover days to add to their years of retirement credit, which bumps up their taxpayer-subsidized pensions. Sick-day payouts and credits also are typical elements of severance agreements for public school superintendents who leave their contracts early, the Tribune found., The base, where more than 10,000 military personnel and civilians work each day, never closed, Hornitschek said. Most of the evacuated buildings reopened later in the day., Receiver Plaxico Burress rather famously fired a bullet into his leg. Then he was sentenced to prison for violating New York's strict gun laws., According to the Telegraph of London, movie fans in Liverpool demanded their money back after sitting through the Michel Hazanavicius-directed Hollywood homage, "The Artist," claiming they had no idea that the Golden Globe-winner was a silent film., In a statement announcing his resignation Monday, Knowles said the situation had put everyone at the cathedral "under a great deal of strain" and that St. Paul's needed a new dean to deal with "what would appear to be some insurmountable issues." The position of dean is such a senior one within the Church of England that the resignation has to be formally submitted to the queen., "Bright had had that coming for about two weeks," midfielder Jack Jewsbury said. "It was time for him to get in between the posts.", Freeway will also begin taking puppy training classes at Aardvark's Dog Training Center & Dog Day Care in Benicia. The center and trainer Bobbi Durston, also the behavior and training coordinator for the Humane Society of the North Bay, are donating the class., The Blazers, you will recall, get a lottery-protected pick from New Orleans for Jerryd Bayless, but they sent that one to Charlotte as part of the Gerald Wallace deal., A pair of widely respected gauges of market value suggest stocks are no great bargain. But since the Great Depression, shallow bear markets — drops of 20 percent or so in stock prices — are much more common than the huge plunges of 2008., "I started looking at my game and what happened to me in the playoffs, what happened to me every year," Aldridge said. "Just the way I was able to be bottled up. Teams took my strengths away. So I took it as a personal challenge upon myself to do something different.", In the 2005 book "Wooden on Leadership," guard Gail Goodrich recalled, "He believed that winning is a result of process, and he was a master of the process, of getting us to focus on what we were doing rather than the final score. One drill he had was to run a play over and over at full speed, but he wouldn't let us shoot the ball. He made us concentrate on what happened before the shot was taken, what happened to make it possible. He made us focus on execution. He built teams that knew how to execute.", It took off from the Halim Perdanakusuma Airport in Indonesia's capital, Jakarta, at 2:21 p.m. (0721 GMT) Wednesday for what was supposed to be a quick test flight—the second of the day., To be eligible for the one-time payment, an educator must work, Eagleson eventually removed his starters with 3:09 left and Central in front 55-20., $549: Gas for the 3,536-mile round-trip to Yellowstone National Park, up from $281 two years ago., Gary Wilson, cross-country: $78,014 base; $25,979 fringe; $7,619 bonus. Total compensation: $111,612, The exact number of men abducted by Pakistani intelligence and security bodies is unknown. A report by Human Rights Watch last year chronicled the cases of 45 men who disappeared in Baluchistan, a province where the military has been grappling with Baluch nationalists for years., Frusciante was an 18-year-old wunderkind when he stepped in to fill the void left by Slovak., But they work in relative obscurity compared to the attention being garnered by Trayvon Martin's death. It seems they can't get Americans of any hue as exercised about what they see every day., Hastie said that creating a policy where any bond above a certain percentage of the assessed valuation of the town is something the council could do, if they chose to., But when you add it to the stories his three siblings share about their ‘‘battles'' growing up or hear about some of the scraps he got into at school, it's easy to see that all the edginess and agitation that Blackhawks fans have come to love in Shaw always have been part of his makeup., An eviction notice from the 36th District Court fluttered in the breeze on the front window of the modest colonial on Detroit's west side Tuesday., One reason Batum felt comfortable going to the glass Saturday was that coach Nate McMillan had him and Gerald Wallace cross-match positions defensively, with Wallace guarding Hawks guard Joe Johnson, leaving Batum on small forward Marvin Williams. Batum said he is less apt to go all out after offensive rebounds if he has to check a shooting guard or point guard because he feels doing so would leave him out of position to get back on defense., The Lewis-based wind tunnel testing of shuttle mockups continued well after the spacecraft's maiden flight in 1981., This could not be further from the truth., CAMDEN — A 9-year-old Camden boy has been blinded after being shot in the face by a stray bullet as he walked to his grandmother's house., oWhen you say you love a person, place or thing, you are saying that it lifts your spirits; makes you feel good; gives you the energy to move forward; you enjoy your connection to it., Last month, eight months before Election Day, the rate was 8.2%., It was the fourth defense for Alvarez of his 154-pound title, and Mosley gave it his best. But at the age of 40 he simply didn't have the reflexes or strength to be competitive against the 21-year-old champion., POCKET OFFICES ARE THE LATEST SPACE VENTURE, Where's the gun?, "I really have no confidence in any approach that assumes you can implement something in 250 schools at once, with all the blockages and problems and funding challenges of a big school system," he said. "Dr. Ackerman wanted to do it overnight, and with no money. It was absurd.", Some opponents have seized on the fact that the mandate forces people to buy something from private companies, which is somehow more objectionable on constitutional grounds than forcing them to buy from the government. But leaving insurance companies in place was a pragmatic decision to rely on an existing set of resources, just as states have done with the mandates to buy car insurance from private carriers and motorcycle helmets from private manufacturers. It was also a concession to the political reality that Congress wasn't going to nationalize the health insurance industry., But if those commissions reject a proposed TIF, a city council can override that decision., Likuliku is in the Mamanuca island chain, a two-hour ferry ride from Nadi (pronounced NAN-dee) and the closest white-sand-beach islands to the mainland of Viti Levu, where the airport is., --Fred Leeson, (05-10) 06:58 PDT LOS ANGELES, (AP) --, But a prolonged and messy divorce with wife Jamie McCourt, herself a former Dodger executive, and taking the club into bankruptcy made McCourt a name the new ownership group was reluctant to even say on Wednesday., In 2008, U.S. News & World Report named Hrabowski one of America's Best Leaders, and in 2009, 2010 and 2011 the publication ranked UMBC the No. 1 "Up and Coming" university in the nation., The Cleveland screening is free. Rock hall members can secure seats starting at 10 a.m. Thursday at https://tickets.rockhall.com or 216-515-8426; tickets will be accessible to the general public starting at 10 a.m. Friday., High School: Willingboro (N.J.) High, Furlow said that by adding cabaret to its offerings, Dramatic License will offer West County audience "the best in performing arts, close by." More artists in the series will be announced soon. The next mainstage show from Dramatic License, "That Championship Season," opens August 5., Anytime a city officer is involved in a crash, the car's "black box" recorder is checked for seat belt use, officials said., Erin Emmans owns Teasers Salon on Main Street and the Thrift Cellar downstairs. The salon is a destination stop for customers, but those customers have been arriving late for appointments since the work began. The Thrift Store relies on impulse shoppers. With no large visual presence to attract passersby and no sidewalk for foot traffic, the shop has felt the effect of the concrete breaking outside. "It will be beautiful when it's finished," Emmans said of her block. "But right now, my customers are not happy.", If the Colts take Luck, the Washington Redskins are expected to take Baylor quarterback Robert Griffin III with the second pick next Thursday night., Larsson scored the first postseason goal of his career off a wristshot in the third, igniting a four-goal explosion in the period, as the Devils rallied to a 4-1 win over Philadelphia on Tuesday night. The best of seven series is now tied at 1-1., <U+0093>Let<U+0092>s not go that far,<U+0094> Shields joked about the injury loosening up his language. <U+0093>I don<U+0092>t know about that.<U+0094>, These days, drummers tend to stay in the background. They really aren't like Mitchell any more, Ficken said., (05-01) 03:30 PDT MIAMI (AP) --, Then it should be easy for you to cite one., "If I didn't have this, I'd be living in a box," he said., All five starters played at least 16 of the 24 first-half minutes. West, Paul George and Danny Granger played at least 18 minutes, as the Pacers went into the half with a six-point lead., "Wheel of Fortune": The first of the recently filmed-in-Portland episodes kicks off "Going Green Week." (7:30 p.m., KATU/2), Wilberding explains that the start-up might sound similar to a "subscription farming" or Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) program, but it's different., Jones had pitched the bottom of the eighth, and Hector Santiago came on to try to close it out, but a walk and a double put Chicago's slim lead in jeopardy. Reed, who hasn't allowed a run this season, got the best of Jackson to preserve the win., For big acts, it is simply easier to take over the whole ship, says Andy Levine, CEO and owner of Sixthman., BRIDGEWATER — Two Somerset County men have been charged with setting fire to a residence at 732 Thompson Ave, authorities announced today, May 3., Dunham said it was his ninth perfect game. It was his first 300 in a few seasons because he bowls on the more difficult Professional Bowlers Association Tour-type conditions in the Royal Pin League of Masters. Dunham averaged 195 this past season., Wagner's husband is the company's lead political liaison. She knows many of the firm's top bosses, and she describes herself as part of the company "family.", I am talking about the ongoing scientific innovation at our local universities, something most other Midwestern cities do not have. The new entity would receive stock options in any deal funded by the local venture to recoup costs of the program eventually, something any start-up would gladly pay., Assistant U.S. Attorney Antoinette Bacon led Russo on a walk down memory lane Tuesday, helping him to recall his political roots in Mayfield Heights, his bonding with Dimora on the campaign trail in 1998, and their symbiotic rise to become the two most powerful politicians in the county., For example, the Schwarzenegger administration has argued repeatedly with the federal government that the measurement of noncompliance for the CalWorks work requirement is unrealistic, rigid and inaccurate. Now he's using it to resurrect the specter of rampant welfare "moms." He claims that self-sufficiency reviews could save $1.5 billion a year. In his May revise of the state budget, Schwarzenegger put the number at $100 million., "As we have done before," the memo said, "we will try to avoid layoffs by reducing the size of the company over time through attrition.", It is probably no coincidence that a nationalist and Islamic militancy is spreading among many of them that now ominously demands not only cultural, but even political separation from the Jewish state., Standard & Poor's Corp. stripped France of its triple-A rating in January after a period of rampant speculation and market swings. When the decision was finally announced, the impact was minimal., Do that, and the Longhorns won't be sweating out Selection Sunday., The 49ers selected Illinois receiver A.J. Jenkins in the first round and then took James in the second round. Both speedy rookies were in mini-camp Friday to show their speed while taking their first NFL steps. Harbaugh said Friday he liked what he saw from James., "20/20" (ABC), Jaycee Park's current playground will be removed to make room for increased parking, and the restrooms will be renovated. Britton said the city will seek additional funds to expand the playground after the first phase is complete., oThe bottom line is, you will have to act on the problem., Opportunity presented itself when "urban pioneers" Steve Borkenhagen and Bob Mello invited Rathmann to help open the Camera One Theater when pimps and hookers were prancing up and down South First Street. The trio then opened Eulipia Restaurant in 1977, placing it in the heart of the city's budding SoFa art and music district. During Rathmann's 14 years at Eulipia, the restaurant donated space for theatrical productions, poetry readings and thousands of dollars in dinners for art events., The coolest of all was the 22-year-old Henrique. He had scored the first goal of the game 1:29 after the opening faceoff when he tipped a shot from defenseman Anton Volchenkov., Beech Street, 12:33 p.m.: A vehicle was burglarized; its passenger window was smashed and a camera, tablet computer and two video games were stolen., Legislation that Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., will introduce Thursday would clear the way to remove four dams, restore habitat for salmon and other wildlife, and provide a more predictable future for farmers who rely on the river to irrigate crops., His story: Brian Nee, 30, grew up in Cockeysville. His father, Richard Nee, is a retired business executive. His mother, Maureen Nee, is a school nurse at Padonia International Elementary School. Brian is a sales representative for Chesapeake Packaging Products and an assistant varsity lacrosse coach at The Boys' Latin School of Maryland., Where he gets his ideas: The best ideas are ones that come out of the clear blue, though he looks for flavor combinations that will dovetail with the dishes coming out of the kitchen., (On if they will probably not come out of this draft with someone who will start at quarterback in 2012)- "I can't answer that. I really can't. Like I said, if we don't we aren't upset by it at all. But if we do, we do. I can't answer that right now.", "I can tell you the White House is watching," he said of the Just Label It petition that has gathered more than 1 million supporters. "I've had meetings with folks there including the president and the first lady, and when I sit down, it's clear they have been tracking when the numbers got to 400, 500 and 600,000. I've never seen any period like this before.", The trespassing charge stemmed from a prior incident, when the man was ordered not to return to a Walmart store., Maimed since childhood, narrator Aaron Woolcott is a man with a life spent in the company of strong women - his mother, his overly protective sister and business partner, Nandina, and, finally, his wife, Dorothy., The best thing about these West Coast games is that they're on TV every weeknight now. It keeps coming back to you, like the night shift, only this one you get to spend on your couch. Over a week of watching them, these games create sleep deprivation that calls into questions the provisions of the Geneva Convention. But when watched in moderation, they are special., “Because that was the first time where I felt like we weren’t the typical Oregon State that we have been all year.’’, Bill who did he say?, “Now you’re going to have to live with what I have to do,” Sneiderman said to Citron, according to Abt. The next day, Judge Gregory Adams, approving a motion by the prosecution, barred Sneiderman from the courtroom and courthouse for interfering with witnesses ., In 2009, the most recent year for which tax records are available, the foundation raised $1.3 million in contributions and grants, more than four times the amount raised by the Down Syndrome Association of Greater St. Louis during the same year., First you apply the foam -- it's very light and non-oily. After the foam dries, you brush the fur until it is sleek and shiny. Max loved this part of the treatment best. "Brush the kitty" is one phrase he knows well. (He also responds to "breakfast," "lunch," "snack," and "dinner."), 70. Chris Givens, WR, Wake Forest, 5-11, 198. Has plenty of speed (4.41 at the combine), finished with 1,330 yards receiving this past season and has returned kickoffs. Has played relatively injury free in his three years at Wake Forest, but tore his left ACL as a high school senior and tore his right ACL as a high school junior., MetroHealth was among the first in the United States to get involved, but U.S. hospitals have generally been slow to adopt the new technology. A study published online Aug. 26 in the journal Health Affairs showed that only 2 percent of the 3,101 acute care, non-federal hospitals responding to a survey were using electronic medical records that met the federal government's "meaningful use" criteria., He did catch a 21-yard comeback in the third quarter but did nothing else., 4. Two Hearts, Bob Hensel, 73, spent Tuesday morning shopping for a guest book, a keepsake that his grandchildren could read one day and understand the meaning of May 10, 2011 - the day he and his wife were honored as the family that started rebuilding first after the San Bruno pipeline explosion., The statue was most likely lost at sea after being plundered by Roman soldiers in Greece around the time of Christ. (The government of Greece has never asked that the statue be returned there.), So doubtful were the Rams of even making the tournament that they watched the Cartoon Network and went out for fast food instead of watching the selection show two weeks ago. Now, they’re Houston-bound after an incredible takedown of the last No. 1 seed., "I got lucky," she says. "I'm so inspired by these dancers. When we work together, we really feed each other. We're all such different personalities and have unique ways of moving, but that's inspiring - to watch Michael Montgomery or Meredith Webster or Yujin Kim, and see how they use their bodies is wonderful, but all of us still are directed toward Alonzo's vision.", Washtenaw County Sheriff Jerry Clayton said Friday that the first warning siren sounded at 5:09 p.m. Thursday, giving the residents of the hard-hit Huron Farms subdivision 24 minutes to run for cover. The tornado struck at 5:33 p.m., traveling along Second Street in downtown, before entering Huron Farms., “We urge the Legislature to fully fund this initiative,” said William G. Weiss, executive director of the Passaic County Elks Cerebral Palsy Center., SANTA ANA, Calif. <U+0097> Nadya Suleman filed for bankruptcy today, saying in a court filing that she has as much as $1 million in debt., The Star Tribune obtained the e-mail through a request to board members under the Minnesota Data Practices Act., 6:22: Sets up TiVo to record Dr. Drew on VH1., “If I had too many bad feelings, I wouldn't be coming back at all,” said Dawkins, who has refuted the Eagles' claim that they made him an offer when his contract expired in 2008. “I grew to love the place, still love the place, and I'll just make that decision at some point.”, LB: Rodney Hardrick, Isaac Ava, "Certainly, the last few weeks have not been easy on him, anticipating the decision by the commissioner, because he really didn't know what to expect," Fisher said. "Yes, I would say he was somewhat surprised, shocked, disappointed, but also remorseful. He said, 'Look, Jeff, I made a mistake, and if I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't have done that.' ", “I thought I was joining a grassroots movement, but now it seems like I joined a grassfire movement,” he said. “The tea parties are starting up so fast it’s hard to keep track of them. We founded ours on April 6 and I recently found out about groups on the west side of Cleveland and Parma that just started., An Avis/PV spokeswoman did not return a call for comment., Perez and her husband moved from California to Arizona nearly two decades ago when they were recruited by the Indian Health Service. The couple have a 17-year-old son, a 13-year-old daughter and four dogs., Harris predicted red tape will bog down his department., Once the second half came, Miller knew from experience what the halftime talk was inside the Nuggets locker room. Miller played in Denver for 3 1/2 seasons and he said the game plan was always the same against teams like Portland, who were playing in the second game of a back-to-back., McMillan did not respond to multiple interview requests from The Oregonian on Thursday, but Miller -- who broke the news to McMillan over the phone -- said the former coach was "taken aback" but "gracious and professional as always.", The system will allow PCGH surgeons to see in three dimensions during laparoscopic, or minimally invasive, surgery., A phalanx of ancient Chinese warriors fills the historic ballroom in the old wing of the Crocker Art Museum. Interspersed among them are contemporary soldiers in battle fatigues like those worn in Afghanistan. The middle rows of warriors carry missiles in which bloody babies lie on beds of roses., To serve, slice in serving-size pieces. Season with the salt, pepper, lemon juice, capers and parsley., It's fruity and fresh, tasting of juicy ripe cherries and plums with hints of spice. It has an alcohol level of 13.5 percent, a refreshing acidity and soft tannins. While I found it very quaffable, it also would be a good choice for those starting to drink dry red wines., On Nolan's campaign website, she lists heavy-hitting endorsements from former Gov. Barbara Roberts and former Portland Mayor Vera Katz., Fresh out of high school, she fell short of a professional position with the Pittsburgh Ballet. She opted to attend the dance program at Mercyhurst College in Erie, Pa., It's that last part of Williamson's work history, as a lobbyist, that's turned into an issue in their Democratic primary race., It was not until the legislature cut the state's share of the Rocky Gap proceeds to 50 percent and made further concessions last year that bidders emerged. Originally, the Rocky Gap facility had been expected to pay the same 67 percent tax as the other four locations — all of which are located in more populous, highly traveled areas., If elected, he plans to focus on the foreclosure crisis that his hit Cleveland hard., Unsung hero. Second baseman Marco Scutaro entered Saturday night's game hitting .200. But Tracy went out of his way to praise Scutaro for his unselfish play., George Taylor, former Oregon state climatologist, and Portland meteorologist Chuck Wiese were also scheduled to speak. In 2007, OMSI hosted a debate between Taylor and Phil Mote, now head of the Oregon Climate Change Research Institute at Oregon State University., House and Senate committees will also be sorting through legislation that would allow multiple restaurant licenses to be held by the same entity, allow guided tours of distilleries with sampling and allow micro-breweries and brewpubs to offer samples and direct distribute its products on a wholesale basis., Now consider life with our children. We never get the ones we so looked forward to, either. Those perfect little always-delightful things who respond to us sweetly and love us perfectly into our old age. We get the children who present challenges, and difficulties, and outright sin to be dealt with in ways we never thought possible, but who give us joy and enrich us in ways we never conceived of, either. Not least of all because suddenly it's not "all about me" anymore., The Sequoia High School Choir, directed by Othello Jefferson, and the Sequoia Cheerleaders, directed by Stacy Morell, performed for nearly 100 people in attendance., The city will hold its spring recycling day from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Saturday at the Andover Public Works site, 1785 Crosstown Blvd. NW., Running time: 83 minutes., Hackery knows no party lines., SHERWOOD – Sherwood Police are on the lookout today for someone who broke into 25 unlocked cars and made off with iPods and GPS units, and wallets containing cash and credit cards., Madison Ann Goodwin, VanHoose orally committed to Indiana the summer before his senior season., Republicans, already smarting from a referendum on the Nov. 8 ballot challenging the state's new collective bargaining law, sought to make their work on the congressional map referendum-proof by including an appropriation in the bill, House Bill 319., * SP P.J. Walters, For now, Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle's office tells us there are no plans to remove Jones., Affordable pieces: "Cost does not have to be prohibitive. There are fantastic emerging galleries, like Jessica Silverman Gallery here in San Francisco, that show intriguing, challenging work that is not the price of a new car. Lost Art Salon is also a favorite source for fun, affordable, vintage pieces.", Steel Dynamics Inc. is investing $76 million to expand its engineered bar products division to include special-bar-quality steel bars. The Fort Wayne-based mill will be capable of producing 950,000 tons of SBQ bars annually, putting it among the largest single-site SBQ facilities in North America., Federal authorities ordered him to complete his sentence in an Atlanta prison instead. In 2008, the rapper pleaded guilty to federal weapons charges and serve time in prison, but was arrested on drug charges and sent back for an additional 11 months. On Wednesday, he was released a month early to serve out his time at the halfway house., Woolsey won those fights. In fact, the SCI center is named after him., "My percentages aren't great," admitted Randy Newman on the Academy Award stage., "They started singing when . . . they were just little bitty children," Naomi Womack recalled. I'm very proud of them." Bobby Womack reportedly ducked in and out of the party quickly., Comment: Canadians were the top foreign visitors to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell in 2007, says Jane Cowley, public affairs officer for Independence National Historical Park in Philadelphia., Booker said he's attracted record levels of philanthropic donations to the city and has reduced crime and expanded parks and green spaces., Unfortunately, her efforts to support her community have not been reciprocated. "Each fall I set up a classroom for a year filled with learning and joy (and) at the end of each school year, I pack it all up and haul it all home. ... This affects not only me and my own family but affects our whole community. Each year I form bonds with my students, their families and my colleagues, and each year it ends in tears.", Firefighters and police found Lisa Erb, of Northwest Portland, seated behind the steering wheel of her crashed Jaguar at Southwest Skyline Boulevard and Fairview Boulevard., Happy Jack's Hot Dogs might seem out of place to the hundreds of drivers passing by on Main Street in Greenwood around lunchtime most days., What: Turn your mind to mush with marathon viewings of eight seasons of this beloved comedy starring the time-warping Topher Grace and Ashton Kutcher. Extras, on 32 discs: director commentaries, promo spots, and featurettes for every season., If so, head for the Discovery Depot, the new store that opened May 23 in Stub Steward State Park., "Interior design, well, you can age with it," she says. "As you mature, you become more revered and respected in the field.", Opponents of strict austerity say Europe will be unable to emerge from its recession unless governments spend more to boost demand in the economy., It was the first drop since a 0.3 percent fall in the April-June quarter of last year and was the largest since a 1 percent drop at the start of 2011., The attacks focused officials at all levels of government on homeland security, and federal money to support it become plentiful. Protecting against terrorist attacks became a high priority for municipalities and federal grants to support the effort became plentiful., It's been slow going. The department lists just 10 net-zero-energy buildings in its online database. The New Buildings Institute, a nonprofit in Vancouver, Wash., tallied 21 net-zero buildings nationwide in a recent status report, with 39 other structures judged capable of getting to zero if they install solar panels or other generators of renewable energy. None was in Maryland., A: Yeah. It has been awhile since I played here., So, how is the habitat being managed in the face of development pressure?, Michael Mitnick will write the libretto for the stage production., Carruth said he never thought about the season possibly ending as he turned back 14 shots in the first period, seven shots in the second, and 11 in the third, including two after the Blazers pulled goalie Cam Lanigan for an extra attacker in the final two minutes., However, even with all this wonderful help - and every university has some form of career counseling (ask for it!) - you still have to do the work., All payouts for specific performances in a game, including interceptions or causing fumbles, are against NFL rules. The NFL warns teams against such practices before each season, although in the aftermath of the revelations about the Saints, current and former players from various teams talked about that sort of thing happening frequently - although not on the same scale as the NFL found in New Orleans., Straight Talk TNT (Teens 'N Twenties) has been a syndicated news column since 2004. The panel of over 70 teens 'n twenties from around the U.S. brings you directly into their world of trials, tribulations and triumphs. Meet the teen panel., Ford said it's on track to break even or turn a profit in 2011. But the company isn't squeaky clean. It still has debt, an underfunded pension plan and a primary market -- the U.S. -- where consumers are skittish about buying a new car amid mounting job losses in a recession., He will appear with members of the Raise the Wage Campaign calling for an increase in the rate to $8.25 per hour from $7.15., 39669 Sunderland Dr., $143,000, — Amanda, Superior, HAZLET — An inspector with the Freehold Soil Conservation District has admitted taking a $700 bribe from an undercover officer., In general, California sparkling wines are made in a fruitier style than French Champagne, with higher dosage, allowing a roundness and accessible fruitiness; the better examples also have balancing acidity. Another major factor in the wines' styles is time on the lees, which adds toasty notes. Some were bright and citrusy with just a touch of toast, while others had rich aromas of freshly baked brioche., The odds of that happening at this point are fairly low. By Sunday night, with most Ford 41,000 workers having already voted, the contract was winning with 62 percent of votes going for ratification., 24. Texas Christian (29-16), <U+0093>It<U+0092>s not like it was in <U+0092>72, but I have neighbors that look out for me,<U+0094> said Haney., That is the eighth straight month of sub-50 readings, which signal month-to-month falls in activity., And in true New Jersey fashion, the state recognized its greatest and mocked its, well, most interesting. Take the conversation CNN anchor Susan Hendricks had with Aldrin as they kicked off the evening., Behind it all is Capitol President Snow (a stately Donald Sutherland) who views the games as a tool of intimidation to keep the subjected districts in line., I am a thousand winds that blow,, quietly, sounding devastated. They had alreadyscheduled a 9 p.m. public vigil at the intersection., Brown said she opposes a non-partisan primary -- in which the top two finishers regardless of party hold a November runoff -- and added that it would be difficult to impose campaign finance limits because of the Oregon Constitution's broad free-speech protections., oThe name of a horse is magnified when it reaches the Kentucky Derby, the sport's crown jewel that draws millions via national TV. As one of the favorites for the 138th running of the Derby, Dullahan could force people to scramble on race day because winners instantly become household names., "There's zero follow-through on anything," said a teacher at Roosevelt Middle School in East Germantown, who like many teachers interviewed, feared retribution if named. "We've had kids hit teachers and not gotten suspended. . . . Nothing happens.", Though there are many themes coursing through this movie, its primary concern is how anyone copes with a loss like this one. The filmmakers dive into the deep end as soon as we've gotten to know the boy who becomes the totem for our collective pain. In Oskar's case it's the loss not only of a father, but his best friend. In Hanks' hands, Thomas is kind, funny, clever and fascinated by his son. He also becomes the film's primary source of comfort., oMatthew Pizzo has the confidence, but it hasn't made a difference - yet., Goldingay is a newcomer to the scene -- not a foodie or a food-cart hopper. The upbeat, former professional soccer player has lived in the neighborhood for eight years and, until recently, owned the John Palmer House across the street., - Zaftig:, "He purposefully steered clear of doing anything when his son expressed interest in a job with ODOT," said Enlsen., Obviously no one actually requested such a thing. (Or if they did, they were joking — like the guy who once said: "I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather … not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car."), The Auxiliary of Slovenian Workmen's Home, 15335 Waterloo Road, in Cleveland, has been holding a fish fry 49 Fridays of the year for over 30 years. They started holding the fish fry in the public bar on the first floor of the building. The dinners were cooked in the lower level, and the waitresses would run up and down the stairs placing and delivering their orders and never out of breath. What a workout they got. . . . Most of the members of the auxiliary are now over the age of 80 (15 of the 20 members). One of the waitresses is now 90 years old, and a 98-year-old is the silverware wrapper. . . . These volunteers are truly dedicated in preserving the Slovenian heritage at the Slovenian Workmen's Home.-- Pat Nevar, Euclid, "I think it's very symbolic," she said, her eyebrows rising slightly., For more delicate dishes, a good pairing would be the 2009 Viognier produced by Laudun & Chusclan Vignerons and priced at $10.99 at the Wine Merchant. This wine is a Vin de Pays, a French wine classification that is above the table wine classification but below the appellations d'origine contrôlée classification., "I tried to use last night to my advantage a little bit with an early 12 o'clock start today," Blanton said. "I wanted to pound the zone a lot and hope that maybe they were coming out a touch lethargic. I don't know if that was the case or not., "If they come, we will win," Lugar said., The postcard was addressed to Clairmont Lane in Decatur, Georgia, where McMurry grew up. But it recently arrived in Elizabeth Fulcher's mailbox on Clairmont Lane in South Daytona, Florida., First, I think about the very fact of Harvard. It was founded in 1636, just 15 years after that desperate first Thanksgiving. It said something about the people who created our nation that they gave education such a prominent role: Even in the wilderness of the new nation, knowledge and reason were to be the guides., La Habra (16-8, 5-1) took sole possession of first place in league with the victory over the Lancers (10-9, 4-2), who beat the Highlanders, 6-2, on April 3., Cho continues to say he is working the phone lines and trying to orchestrate a trade to put the organization in better standing. When asked point blank on Friday whether the Blazers have been involved in the trade talks involving Denver’s Carmelo Anthony and New Jersey, Cho said “ I can not answer that.’’, "I've been surfing for 33 years and I've never seen Waimea this big," Bigelow said. "I need to get a bigger board.", When asked whether the Police Department would have difficulty investigating Bannister, since the police chief reports to the Board of Commissioners, Kelly, the department's spokesman, said, "I would categorically say that's not true.", But in their minds, they still inhale the breezes that filled their childhoods and strengthened them to face a century., Raskin had been rumored for weeks to be a leading candidate for the Fed board. Her husband said she kept her own counsel about it, "so I've been reading the newspapers like everybody else, trying to figure out what's going on.", Adds Copeland, "They don't know until they've seen these young girls' faces, girls who have been told they will never be accepted into this world because of the color of their skin. This is today — I speak to 7-year-olds who have been told this. If I had been told this, I wouldn't be where I am.", <U+0095> Domestic violence in three families, Seven-time champion Lance Armstrong, who is out of contention in his final Tour, lost time to the leader for a third straight day â€” crossing in 57th place, 3:35 back. He's 32nd overall, 21:16 behind Schleck., Paul won't threaten Romney's hold on the GOP nomination—Romney's delegate lead is so big he is likely to reach the 1,144 delegates he needs to clinch the nomination by the end of the month. The former Massachusetts governor is already in general election mode, focusing his energy on uniting the GOP and defeating President Barack Obama in November., About 50 yards beyond the trailhead, the signed Toothaker Trail branches off to the left. Ignore it and head straight on the currently unsigned Rainbow Valley Trail., The WOA recipient plans to keep volunteering. She hopes her children Laura, 22, and Steve, 19, will keep up with the family tradition., The rare good fortune of coming up with a highly favored Kentucky Derby contender, only to see him sidelined at the eleventh hour by sickness, is a shock that lasts a lifetime., She shares a showroom with Jenny Yoo of Jenny Yoo Collections, a designer of bridal and bridesmaid dresses, in the bustling garment district next to the flagship Macy's on Broadway and Seventh avenues., Islamabad is eager to free up more than a billion dollars in U.S. military aid that has been frozen for the past year and would likely only be released once the supply route is reopened. Another potential carrot could be an invitation to the NATO summit in Chicago on May 20-21, which will largely focus on the Afghan war., Title insurance probably is one of the least understood parts of the real estate purchase process. We buy most insurance to safeguard us against future problems. Car or home insurance safeguards us against future losses. Health insurance safeguards us against the cost of future medical needs. Title insurance, on the other hand, safeguards the ownership of your home or other real estate against past mistakes or fraud. You are insured against things that may have occurred before you bought the property., "Moving forward, companies that are solvent and performing should be held to the promise to repay the taxpayers with interest," said Rep. Darrell Issa of California, the top Republican on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, which is convening a hearing next week on bailout oversight., Reusing opened Bad Decisions in Fells Point four years ago. Woodberry Kitchen opened around the same time, and Mr. Rain's Fun House at the American Visionary Art Museum opened a year after. Though Dorr has been a professional bartender for nearly a decade, he's been at B&O since 2009. Some of the other members of the guild are newbies — Connor Rasmussen has been a professional bartender at Woodberry for a year, and Barri Yanowitz joined Mr. Rain's a year and a half ago, the first time she's bartended professionally., "Back in the '70s and '80s, we said, don't cut another stick. But the science has come around to tell us, 'Hey, we have altered the forest, and there are some things we can do,' " said Lillebo., "The system is going from being one of the oldest, least modernized systems in America to one of the most modernized systems in America," Coscia said., And although she once told Oprah Winfrey she hated the term "Octomom," she had it emblazoned on the back of the robe she proudly wore into a boxing ring last year for a "celebrity" match against Amy Fisher. (The latter gained fame in the 1990s as the "Long Island Lolita" when she shot the wife of her much older lover in the face.), As we have learned in recent years, partisan brinksmanship does not tend to yield the best policy solutions. The longer Congress waits to take action and the more Medicare is used as a political weapon, the harder it will be to save and strengthen Medicare., "That is something that I'm definitely aiming for and something I'd love to do," Casty said., For a quick start, begin the day right with a fruit smoothie. It takes less than five minutes to make!, The university has emergency call boxes on blue poles located on campus and university-operated parking lots. When students press a button, they are connected to a police dispatcher., The Clinton Foundation's press office didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on why he endorsed Pascrell over Rothman. And a spokesman for Pascrell declined to comment on why Clinton chose him over Rothman and what significance the endorsement will have in the primary battle., James is winning the award for the third time in four seasons. Only seven other players -- Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Michael Jordan, Bill Russell, Wilt Chamberlain, Larry Bird, Magic Johnson and Moses Malone -- have at least three MVP trophies., Other major donors to Restore Our Future in March included San Francisco-based finance figure Charles R. Schwab, the chairman of the brokerage firm Charles Schwab Corp. He and his wife, Helen O. Schwab, each gave $125,000 to the super PAC., Jorge Jarrin's debut fell on the 53rd anniversary of his father's debut as a Dodgers broadcaster. Jaime Jarrin's first game was the Dodgers' 1-0 defeat to the Chicago Cubs on April 11, 1959., Meanwhile, the Arizona National Guard said reports that one of its helicopters came under fire during Friday's search-and-rescue operation were not correct., ATLANTIC CITY — Atlantic City's new state-supervised tourism district picked up a major endorsement today from the Ahead of the city's largest casino workers union., Facebook's revenue grew 45% in the first quarter to $1.1 billion, which was well below the 88% revenue growth during the full year of 2011. Profit fell 12% in the first quarter., To find really old companies, take a trip to Asia or Europe. Family Business magazine lists the following as the oldest family-owned companies in the world:, Indeed they did, particularly in Game 1. Parkway West led for the majority of the first contest, including late in the game when it was up 23-20., Marc Merry, 51, of Lenexa stood outside, waiting for a tour with his 9-year-old daughter, Caroline, a member of the Junior Construction Panel (think board member). She's a fan of both the pink and purple Lego Friends and the Ninjago sets. Her dad also played with the iconic bricks as a child. Creating with his hands was a joy. And now, as a father, he says it's cool to see Caroline and her 17-year-old sister explore the creative possibilities of Lego together., More important, Priest says, the Giverny job has brought him a deepening appreciation for what he calls a "painter's garden," and the man whose imagination brought it to life., "Garry was always going to take me there, but we didn't get a chance before he died," Roney said., Owners of the popular Candyland stores say they will open an outlet in Stillwater this summer., Imdad, a native of Pakistan, had moved to the United States as a teenager and became a citizen in 1986. He hoped the new house would be the base for his daughters' typical American suburban childhood, but knew that wouldn't be easy in a post-Sept. 11 America., Haridopolos, by the way, was recently admonished by his own Senate for not disclosing his income sources., Ginsberg said she realized the power of yoga and breathing in 2001, when she went to yoga classes to get relief from a back injury., As we struggled up the exposed, steep face, the leafy Guanacaste trees decreased until all that was left to hold on to was a squat, beefy plant with thick, spiny leaves 2 feet across., The arts competitions were not part of the first modern Olympics in 1896. But the founder of the revived Games, Baron Pierre de Coubertin, had long toyed with the idea., For example, the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., is a 90-minute drive from the state's largest museum, the Minneapolis Institute of Arts. Mayo began aggressively collecting art in 1954, according to Sally Enders, the clinic's art program coordinator., All of the defendants except Alfred Giordano, Allen and Reif were arrested Tuesday and are in custody., California (3-1, 1-0) is up next on Thursday night in Autzen Stadium. The Bears played the Ducks the toughest in conference play last season, losing 15-13 at home., The county should permit school districts and their communities to "plug in" to county planning services, he said. The county could better coordinate resources and services that have a direct impact on school performance and community stability., Fortunately, such things are easily summarized: Everything you've ever loved about how rock'n'roll sounds is, at most, one step removed from Buddy Guy., Protesters marched around City Hall several times, carrying signs such as "No more immunity for shooting up community." Many drew parallels to what they called the lack of justice in Florida's fatal shooting of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, killed by a neighborhood watch coordinator who has not been arrested., Dayton and Democrats complained that it would blow a bigger hole in the state budget in years to come. They also blasted its use of budget reserves to cover lost tax revenue, saying it will leave the state more vulnerable if the economy worsens., fraud was sufficiently reprehensible to justify punitive damages," said Charles, 5. Leek leaves make a creative and flavorful alternative to cloth. Use the wide ends of two unblemished leek leaves to encircle the herbs; tie firmly with two cooking strings., Schools must comply with one of the following: the percentages of male and female athletes are about the same as the percentages of male and female students enrolled in the school; the school has a history and practice of expanding opportunities for girls that have been excluded from sports; the school is meeting the athletic interests and abilities of the girls., More important, it will show everyone how it’s done, Waltman said., But more recently, opposition leaders have appeared to lose control of what they had previously asserted were carefully ..., Other drinks include wild honeysuckle liqueur, smoked honey and sage liqueur and scarlet sumac-infused bourbon or Ceylon cinnamon tincture., By the time we ate the second cheese, the rind was a burnt orange with black spots, which the book said was fine — it's only if you start to see blue spots that the cheese is spoiling. Perhaps, but this one ended up being overripe and slightly ammoniac. This was probably due to the lack of circulating air, I learned after the fact., 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly ground Pecorino Romano, divided, Among the newcomers who look like they will contribute are freshmen Tyler Servais, a catcher/first baseman, and infielder Blake Thomsen., But on Wednesday, a federal judge in San Francisco, Charles E. Breyer, brought a stop to it all, granting Bank of America's motion to dismiss Martinez's complaint., JEAN S. WELSH, 93, Winter Park, died Sunday. Florida Funeral Care & Crematory, Maitland., On Monday night, Internet users were startled by reports—entirely unsubstantiated—on China's wildly popular Twitter-like microblogging sites of gunfire in downtown Beijing. Nerves were further jangled by accounts of a heavier-than-usual police presence along Chang'an Avenue, one of the capital's main thoroughfares., Snyder<U+0092>s officials have said they believe Detroiters will support a consent agreement once they have the facts about the city<U+0092>s financial condition., The 40 medical-student “raters” were divided into four groups of 10. Each group viewed the same set of randomized patient photos — 30 pictures for each group, including photographs from before and six months after surgery — and provided estimated ages for the patients. On average, the med students estimated that the patients were 1.7 years younger than their actual chronological age before surgery and 8.9 years younger than their chronological age after surgery., "Her parents and our family prayed long and hard for her recovery," her father-in-law, George Shipp, wrote in an email. "St. Jude is the patron saint not only of things almost despaired of, but of actors as well. Broadway may be a reality.", Meanwhile, flights that were to have been diverted to other airports in Poland are being postponed or canceled due to the fog, a frequent occurrence in November in Poland., What is rare is for members to acknowledge such transgressions. The outrage over the infamous 2005 attempt by Sen. Carole Migden to cast a vote for one of her bills when it was in the Assembly was an aberration. When the violation is among members in the same house, within the same party, the pressure to close ranks is intense. At least one other Assembly Democrat privately told colleagues that he was the victim of a ghost vote against his will in the last week of May. He declined to be interviewed., For the next 30 or so years, appeals courts applying the high court ruling held uniformly that strip searches without suspicion violated the Constitution., The family extended special thanks to Cpl. Kerns’ squad, Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron 261, for their continued support, as well as to all those who helped make the homecoming event for Cpl. Kerns possible., "It's time to get the job done," Vikings Vice President Lester Bagley said a few minutes later to the cheers of the fans., “She was born Monday. I spent the night at the hospital Monday, and then I saw her Tuesday, but I haven’t seen her since,” Buchanan said late Thursday., "The scenery is so different from what they're used to," Horn says. "It's a totally different world.", Record: 24-12., Woody also is accused of taking the girl across state lines into Illinois to have sex with her, according to the indictment., Senior Cody Brittain threw a one-hitter as North Harford rattled off 11 hits and defeated C. Milton Wright, 10-0, in five innings., "I am sure Gov. Christie is flattered by the talk but the calendar argues no," Cook said. "Unlike legislators, governors are executives and higher governing demands on their time. The governors who run for president are usually ones that have either already left office or are into the second terms.", One hundred days out, and it's hard to get terribly excited about any of it. No one is going to win eight gold medals at these games, and the things that used to excite us about the Dream Team are not nearly as exciting anymore., Afghan and American officials finalized the text of the document on Sunday after a year and a half of negotiations during which it often seemed that the deal was likely to fall apart. They went through 23 drafts before both sides were finally satisfied, Spanta said., Alternative libations: Vodka well cocktails, To those tired of Minnesota's seemingly endless stadium sagas, the little-known negotiations between the Saints and the U are a lesson on how teams appear more apt to find ways to build their own stadiums than to save costs in combining efforts., When it works, I felt like I was talking to my allies. Their ridicule and praise meant something. If I shot them by accident, I felt a tinge of guilt, and when we executed a plan efficiently, there was a shared sense of triumph., For another perspective on Christmas counts, check out my friend Cheryl Harner’s latest blog post in which she offers a naturalist’s read on the fun and importance of the annual walks:, "The strategy is to be a full-service rating agency and ultimately to be a global rating agency," said Mr. Kroll, the onetime corporate sleuth who started and ran an investigative ..., Coach Kermit Davis agreed to a five-year contract extension with Middle Tennessee that runs through the 2016-17 season. Athletic Director Chris Massaro announced the deal, saying continuity is the best way for the Blue Raiders to accomplish their goals. Davis took the Blue Raiders to a school-record 27 victories this season and was the Sun Belt Conference coach of the year. The Blue Raiders lost to Minnesota in the National Invitation Tournament in the quarterfinals after a big victory at Tennessee. Davis now is Middle Tennessee's winningest coach after 10 seasons. Counting this spring, the last 23 players to finish their eligibility under Davis will graduate from Middle Tennessee., The soldier is accused of going on a shooting rampage in villages near his base in southern Afghanistan early Sunday, killing nine children and seven other civilians and then burning some of their bodies. The shooting, which followed a controversial Quran-burning incident involving U.S. soldiers, has outraged Afghan officials., Japan's coast guard said it was searching for 80 dock workers on a ship that was swept away from a shipyard in Miyagi., But do the Blues have enough to keep pace with Detroit? Wednesday's victory pulled them even with the Red Wings atop the Central Division. The winner of the division will be guaranteed one of the top three seeds in the Western Conference, while the runner-up could finish only as high as fourth. The top four seeds receive home-ice advantage, and for the Blues, who are 26-4-4 at Scottrade Center and 14-13-3 on the road, that could be critical., <U+0095> Clean up the summer vegetable garden and compost disease-free foliage., BEIJING -- An explosion at one of two factories that make Apple's new iPad 2 highlights the risks of a global manufacturing strategy that has cut costs but concentrates production in a few locations., Historians hail Munch for breaking away from the Impressionists who still held sway over the art world in the late 19th century. Instead of playing with light and shadow to capture the world around him, Munch experimented with ways to visualize his own tormented emotions—a shift that helped pave the way for the Expressionists like Egon Schiele along with later Abstract Expressionists like Mark Rothko., When asked to describe her husband, Sinha began to cry quietly. Eventually, the words came out, slowly at first, but then more easily., "There is no one, single answer when someone says: ‘What is the right carseat for me?'" McHale said. Store associates can help people figure out what they need., Battleship New Jersey was built at the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard and launched on Dec. 7, 1942, the one-year anniversary of the Pearl Harbor attack., Being featured in Season of Sharing had a big impact on Community Partners for Affordable Housing, said Tracy Stepp, fundraising and outreach manager., 5-11, 214 pounds, 40 Time: 4.39, Antonio -- who has lived with her partner Jean Kosmac for 25 years -- is only the third openly gay person to run for the Ohio House or Senate in Ohio history, according to gay political observers. Both previous candidates were in Columbus' 25th House District, which includes a portion of the rainbow-flagged Short North, but neither managed to crack 35 percent of the vote in Democratic primaries., 38 Brian Watkins 5-9 185 senior (Burien, Wash.), The 2011 draft class lacked the can't-miss left tackle such as the Miami Dolphins' Jake Long and the Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas, so Angelo did the next best thing. By landing Carimi with the 29th overall pick, he injected attitude into a toothless unit that not only allowed a league-high 56 sacks but failed to consistently open holes in the running game., This time around, bidding starts at $250,000. Would-be buyers will need to offer up a $25,000 deposit to put in a bid., At a roadside diner:, Role model: "For me, Dr. Audrey Odom is a role model because she does everything with passion and enthusiasm. After working under her for the past two years, I see that she is a great example of how if you pursue what you love, you will be successful. Dr. Odom has been a great mentor to me and others, and I hope someday to also be able to influence students in such a positive way.", The emergency? Starting work immediately so the lettering can be changed to read "Portland Oregon" in time to light the sign at a ceremony the day after Thanksgiving., The Maramottis' largesse has turned Reggio Emilia into an unlikely spot for cutting-edge art and design. Across town, two other artists, Claudio Parmiggiani and Jannis Kounellis, have taken up residence to create works in a Renaissance brick cathedral, while not too long ago, the Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava designed and built three futuristic-looking bridges in the region's countryside—en route to Max Mara's headquarters. Luigi, who runs the company with his sister and brother, is modest about how Max Mara jumpstarted all this creative ambition. "Some projects can be carried out better in a small environment.", The city spends about $514,300 for the services of four lobbying firms that represent the city in Washington., We’re told the blond bombshell and model of the moment so wanted to be at fashion’s big night out that she plunked down $25,000 of her own money to attend this year’s gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art., "Quién es? Dónde está?", He gave no further details on which groups were affected. Ethiopia often accuses Asmara of aiding rebel groups hostile to Addis Ababa., "Nike Portland" will be located on the first two floors and the basement of The Kress Building at 638 S.W. Fifth Ave., which was built in 1928. The five-story Beaux Arts-style building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996., At one point, there were hundreds of franchisees selling the frozen dots from carts or kiosks in malls, but most of them went out of business during the recession, Jones said., But he added an asterisk: "We're expecting that he won't (miss time), but to say that that can't happen, I can't say that. We feel that he can get ready to play, but bottom line is we'll have to wait and see what happens.", And Jennifer Lawrence — no cookie-cutter cliché herself — is a perfect choice. It’s not just her serious athleticism (she actually looks like she could shoot the eye out of a squirrel). It’s the ability she has to access complicated, even somewhat formless emotions — that mad mix of adult determination and adolescent awkwardness., Asked by a man attending the event whether he thought mankind was responsible for global warming, Christie says he's seen evidence on both sides of the argument but thinks it hasn't been proven one way or another., Numerous eateries rolled out rock-themed dishes and drinks to commemorate the induction ceremonies, including Crop. The Warehouse District restaurant served hundreds of "Purple Haze" drinks -- a high-powered vodka-rum-and-tequila potion that was served with dry ice. The hard-partying Jimi Hendrix would've been proud. Crop sold out of the purple haze during a woozy Friday night bash that went until 3 a.m., And near the end of his throwing session, during which he faced Nick Swisher and Chris Dickerson, Pettitte admitted that he battled fatigue., In 1958, the Sewards co-founded Grace Church in Middleburg Heights. He was ordained, turned out religious publications and tapes and preached around the U.S. and in South Africa. He also used his bass-baritone voice in the choir at Fairmount Temple., Event takes place from 10 a.m.-5 p.m. in the Downtown Chandler Public Library courtyard (address is 22 S. Delaware St., but courtyard is on the west side of the building). There is no cost to attend but there will be food and beverages for sale., CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The Harrington Discovery Institute based at University Hospitals Case Medical Center begins accepting applications today for its new scholar-innovator grants program, which will give up to 10 doctors across the country as much as $200,000 each -- along with professional support -- to help them complete work on disease-curing drugs they're in the process of developing., 1 cup almonds (5.3 ounces), "Apparently he had mistaken the house of my neighbors for the other house up the block that he is actually renting," says a street performer (they outnumber bartenders). "His wife was trying to dissuade him from disturbing the elderly couple who do in fact live in that house.", Since its inception, documents show, it has sold seven pairs of shoes in Oregon on its website, for a total $950 in sales. It has 73 retailers in the U.S., including nearly 20 in California and one in Seattle, but none in Oregon., Shurmur: “The players are reporting. The rookies are getting their physicals, getting checked in and then we will have an orientation meeting tonight. Tomorrow, we will have two meetings and two practices. It will be the same thing on Saturday. We will have one meeting and one practice on Sunday. We will try to get them out of the building on Sunday by noon. This rookie minicamp will obviously incorporate a couple other players that are not rookies but by the way their contracts were structured they are allowed to compete. Assuming everything goes as planned with the physicals here, we will have 37 guys out there.”, Gingrich also said that as president he might ignore a Supreme Court ruling if it held gays and lesbians had the right to marry., “I can only hope that they’re still in their raw form, but you’d think the bad guy would probably melt it down and get whatever he could get for it,” he said., oPhoenix and Miami both suffered huge price declines but are attractive to second-home buyers and investors, Humphries says., Kelly's always believed deeply in himself., GEMINI (May 20-June 19): Can you dumb down any more? Start living up to your talents and abilities instead of apologizing for them. It's the smart thing to do., "When I was struggling with those things in the early '80s, the church didn't seem like it had a place for me," said Alan Chambers, president of Exodus International., If Cafe Hon doesn't quite explain the universe to us, or conjure the lost soul of Baltimore in a $10 crab dip, it was silly for anyone to think it ever would., What's interesting about these works is that they are all by (putatively) serious people: a vice presidential nominee, two national political reporters, a key aide to a presidential candidate, the first lady of a state. And yet their insights, such as they are, come off like the witless name-calling of a schoolyard fight. Gossip, innuendo, infidelity, accusations -- that's the best this group of exemplary citizens can stir up., Singh, who typically worked in his store alone, was a father and husband who emigrated from India six years ago., At 4 p.m. on Tuesday, February 17, Brewer will make the short trip over to the Hettenhausen Center for the Arts to give a master class to voice students -- and the public is invited to attend. Here are the details:, "Sometimes you have to step outside what is acceptable and make a statement about a lack of justice," Rush said., Skoda Minotti: Shelley Morgan joined the Mayfield business and financial advisory firm as a human-resource generalist. Christopher MacLaren was promoted to senior manager and Marilea Campomizzi, Nicholas Delguyd and Kenneth Goodwin to manager in the accounting and auditing department. Sean Saari was promoted to manager in the business valuation and litigation support department. Promoted to senior staff accountant in the accounting and auditing department are Erin Coudriet, Rebecca Ferris, Kimberly Garvin, Gregory Skoda Jr., Diane Thompson and Joseph Yusz. Jen Brawner was promoted to senior marketing specialist and Teresa Conley to senior human-resource specialist., Five of those players never played one down in the league. Only two played longer than four seasons, and Gregory played in three games for the Saints in his only year., The Lakers held a 15-point lead after scoring 40 points in the first quarter, their most in any quarter this season. In fact, the Lakers led by 17 in the second quarter but went into the locker room at halftime with a 56-51 lead., “This won’t be sudden. It can’t happen overnight,” said Houshmand. “It will require the recommendations and suggestions from all walks of life at these institutions.”, The agency takes a similar hard-line approach to serious medical devices such as implantable defibrillators. Like drugs, these devices — also called Class 3 devices — are supposed to go through serious testing to establish both safety and effectiveness., WEST ORANGE -- The next mayor of West Orange said he doesn’t like to rely on local government to solve his problems., So no, nothing's set in stone. Drop the mixing award (which is basically for sound effects and only dates back to the early '60s). Move the three short film awards — for cartoon, live-action and documentary — to the off-camera Geek Night, when some sexy actress gives out special awards to all the nice fellows who've made technical breakthroughs., That makes Mr. Romney's path to ..., Young had been forced to sit out by Major League Baseball since police say he yelled anti-Semitic epithets during a late-night, drunken tussle before he was arrested at a New York hotel the morning of April 27., "I think it was important that they knew we were fired up about the thought of playing in the Sugar Bowl," Tressel said. "Our people are fired up.", Public sentiment seems to favor more openness with the information., Bail was set between $300,000 to $450,000 for the teenagers, who were being held at the Middlesex County Youth Detention Center in North Brunswick., East St. Louis police Detective Orlando Ward told a reporter after the inquest that investigators believe Cunningham and Cullen were acquainted as neighbors and that both frequently played bingo at the Firemen's Hall on Collinsville Road., "The key takeaway for me was the exciting prospect to end some of the acrimony that persists with both departments," Newsom texted. "He has some exciting ideas for integration etc.", oScoville Jenkins, Smith gives Magic some material for their bulletin board by adding: "It was surprising, knowing that we are a better team. They understand that they, Gary Kubiak doesn't want to hear this, but the Texans should win comfortably Sunday., Jon F. Hanson, head of a commission proposing a sweeping remake of the state’s gaming and entertainment industries, has disclosed that, after months of negotiations between the state and billionaire Stephen Ross to rescue the Xanadu project, a second firm has entered the talks., Role model: "My father is a great role model because he works hard and he makes sure I don't make the same mistakes he did.", EAVES UPDATE: Patrick Eaves, still dealing with a concussion dating to Nov. 26, doesn't expect to play again this spring. "I think I'm pointing towards next season," he said. "I'm more focused on taking care of this once and for all.", "There's very little investment going on right now without some incentives," Kruszewski said., In July, U.S. District Judge Victoria Roberts said that Ward suffered from a mental disease or a defect that made it difficult for him to understand the severity of the charges. If treatment worked, he could have still been ordered to face trial later. The government now says that's not necessary., As for transparency, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi has called for open, televised hearings. Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada and Rep. Rep. Vern Buchanan of Florida, both Republicans, have gone further, writing legislation that would require all supercommittee meetings to be public when a quorum of members is present unless confidential information was being discussed. The National Taxpayers Union, which worries about a back-room deal to raise taxes, supports their efforts., It's all the rage - these outrageous acts of vengeance born out of misplaced rage., Be sure that the temperature of the stuffing in the turkey reaches 165 degrees before serving. The turkey may be done (also 165 degrees) before the stuffing is ready, so remove the stuffing from the turkey and place it in an oven-proof dish, then return it to the oven., "A poll like this would be very encouraging, but a lot can happen in the final two weeks, and there is always the importance of getting people to the polls," Green said. "Nobody in this race should take anything for granted because it is very unpredictable.", Fifteen-ounce Pavina glasses and 1 1/2-ounce sake glasses from Bodum should be a hit gift for design lovers, and hopefully beer lovers won't notice the 15-ouncers are just short of a pint. The double-walled glasses act as an insulator to keep drinks cold in warm hands, and it works for hot beverages and cold hands too. The glass (made with something called borosilicate) is lighter and more heat-resistant than traditional glass, making this product dishwasher-, microwave- and glass-knocker-over safe., Today’s verdict followed closing arguments at which defense attorney Michael Robbins called Stubblefield a violent, abusive man., NEW ORLEANS — After missing last year's New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival because she was roughly eight months pregnant, singer-songwriter Theresa Andersson is thrilled to be back this year — and just in time to perform songs from her new album, "Street Parade.", The Patrol says yes. In a news release, it noted that between Thanksgiving and New Year's last year, 41 people died in accidents involving impaired driving, up from 38 the previous year., Sure, she's got the fussin' and fumin' down pat. She loves to rage against the dangers of Islamic law infiltrating our judicial system. She can Obama-bash with the best of them. And she's certainly a hit with the Tea Party., Then, suddenly, in a bathroom of their apartment on Gilroy's Kern Avenue last week, Gutierrez fatally shot the 11-year-old and killed himself. The police believe he had earlier killed or badly wounded their mother, Martha Gutierrez, 52, who is still missing., Initially, I tried to tell Hotwire that the hotel was neither prestigious nor well known, and that it wasn't close to the beach. But now that I've read the reviews, I'm even more concerned. Hotwire sent me a form response, saying, "We reviewed the hotel's location and verified it is within the Playa del Carmen - Playacar, Quintana Roo city area." What should I do? - Valerie Acosta, Fullerton, Calif., “Accepting is a much different thing,” Wyatt said. “It’s probably the hardest thing to come to terms with. I’ve always ignored it and didn’t even think about it or talk about it.”, "The rate of adoption of our mobile apps has been even faster than the take-up rate of our Internet site when we first rolled that out," Clifford said. The bank plans to eventually make the mobile apps available to its clients based outside the U.S., The City of Brotherly Love shows its affection for eggs at City Tavern restaurant, a historic, Philadelphia landmark that serves 18th century cuisine just a few steps from Independence Hall, the Constitution Center and the Liberty Bell. Chef Walter Staib prepares his eggs Chesapeake using poached eggs and crab cakes with a house-made tarragon Béarnaise sauce and potatoes O'Brien., "Previous to you hiring somebody that person has to agree to take the job," Balog said., o"A gentleman saw the ball land and roll, and another gentleman verified he saw the same thing," Woods said. "There were about five or six people that ran over to the ball, and the next thing you know we get down there and there's hundreds of people and no ball. You saw an area there, there's really nothing there. We looked around for a while, and then Mark came over there and analyzed the situation and what was going on. We gave him all the information. The two gentlemen participated in the conversation, and we dropped it as close as we could to where they thought it was picked up., The 9.7-mile expressway brought the city and suburbs closer together, nourishing a wedge of prosperity — and providing an exodus route for thousands of families seeking bigger yards and better schools., 1. Joshua Ledet, She said the wink-and-a-grin looks from the past are a flirty look for a modern woman. And it's just as coveted on the beaches of St. Martin as they are at a municipal pool., Even with the prospect of a torturous death, and the bitter wrath they face in Arizona, immigrants, including Ortega, say the state's vast, sparsely populated terrain is still the best place for border jumpers., Herrala says she's seen too many people in desperate need of health care, so she began volunteering with a program called the Medical Care Access Coalition. It provides medical care to low-income people without insurance., In North Carolina, Brian Casey, president and CEO of the High Point Market Authority, agreed. He expects the bank and the special servicer, J. E. Robert Cos., to sell the property while MMPI continues to manage tenants spread over seven buildings., Williams is pleased that his surprise managerial hire - the previously inexperienced Ventura - is working out., Donald Smith, father of Kim Smith, whose body was found in the backyard of the Imperial Avenue house, told jurors that when he called Fourth District police to file a missing-persons report, "they just blew it off.", Chief Financial Officer John Hanson said the effort has been to pay down “unsecured debt” — bonds that are not secured by revenue the authority raises through tolls on its four bridges., Note that no group is yet brave enough to call itself the Let's Gamble More Coalition or even -- to adopt the industry's language -- Michiganders for the Advancement of Gaming. Any proposal that hopes to earn voters' trust should at least start with a name that clearly states its intentions., At recent meetings, some residents have said the assessment is much too high based on the current real estate market values., About the Spurs: The Spurs, who defeated the Utah Jazz 106-102 Monday night, have won 11 consecutive games. ... It's the longest-active winning streak in the NBA. ... The Spurs have the second-best record in the Western Conference and fourth-best in the NBA. ... San Antonio is nearing the end of its annual "rodeo road trip," which this season lasts 17 days, features nine games and spans 7,941 miles. It started Feb. 6 in Memphis and ends Feb. 23 in Denver. Tonight is their second-to-last game of the trip and their second in a back-to-back. ... By the time the trip ends, the Spurs will have played 16 of 21 games on the road. ... They entered Monday night's game 14-5 during the grueling stretch, including a perfect 7-0 on their rodeo trip. ... Parker was averaging 25.7 points and 7.8 assists, while shooting 48.5 percent from the field in February before facing the Jazz. ... In the previous 10 games before Monday's win at Utah, Duncan was averaging 15.6 points, 10.2 rebounds and 2.00 blocks, while shooting 47.6 percent. ... Nine different players have led the Spurs in scoring this season. ... Earlier this month, Parker became San Antonio's all-time leader in assists. ... The Spurs are the only team in the NBA ranked in the top five in points per game, field goal percentage, three-point shooting percentage, assists and turnovers., In their suit, Goode and Grant have alleged due-process violations, assault and battery, negligent and intentional infliction of physical and emotional distress, negligent supervision and hiring, defamation and victims' rights violations. The pair seek compensation of an unspecified amount to include attorney fees. Records show Goode and Grant previously filed claims with the county for $2.5 million and $1 million, respectively, but Lassen said they received no response., According to a release from the diocese, a new school board will be established to develop a five-year plan to “assure its future as a diocesan high school open to boys and girls.”, This creates an opportunity for unprincipled father and estranged son to spend time together. The turning point in their mutually suspicious relations is the moment that Max rescues Atom, a discarded robot, from a scrap heap, and retools him into a fighting machine. What we have here are two underdogs and an underbot., Ruth Marcus writes for the Washington Post Writers Group., If you have questions or would like to schedule an appointment, you can call his office at (336) 282-8850 or visit tarheeldentist.com., Nationwide, sprouts have caused at least 40 outbreaks since 1990, said Bill Marler, a Seattle attorney who specializes in foodborne illness cases. Like Keene, he was surprised that Jimmy John's was switching to clover sprouts., Other religious leaders visit the center on a volunteer basis., LEED: Stands for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design, a rating system designed by the U.S. Green Building Council., Noodles also play a prominent roll on the menu. The chewy Shanghai-style noodles ($4.95) were especially good, the noodles tasting fresh and absorbing the soy and seasoning from the sauce., Stosur saved three match points while serving, but finally lost it when her looping forehand drifted over the baseline. No Australian has won the national title since Chris O'Neil in 1978., The commission is expected within six months to complete its work, which could lead to a proposed law on burqas., -- Defensive end Chris Mims died in his home as a result of a heart-related issue in 2008, An undercover law enforcement investigation, including the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, State Police, and the county prosecutor and sheriff’s offices, focused on an interstate business shipping “a large quantity” of marijuana via tractor-trailer from Santa Rosa, Calif., to Pine Brook, Bianchi said., Julie Wilson has joined GSI Water Solutions as a senior environmental consultant in the firm's Portland office. GSI is a water resources and environmental consulting firm with offices in Portland, Corvallis and Bend and Kennewick, Wash., "I don't see this as a free speech issue," Brown said. But it is., By flipping the turkey during cooking, the flavors permeate the meat while keeping it moist and juicy., Green Door, At the second meeting, he accepted the money, knowing it was illegal to do so., "We're very happy to be here on this special night to honor our father," said Jackson's 13-year-old daughter Paris, who made a brief onstage appearance alongside brothers Prince, 14, and 9-year-old Michael Joseph Jr., known as Blanket., The world wants to know: Just who is this Joe Wilson, and why should we care?, Even the United Nations is rumored to be looking to expand its drone capacity. They initially would be used for surveillance supporting U.N. peacekeeping missions. Although Obama has been a vocal supporter of the U.N. since he entered the White House, it is unclear whether he will publicly back U.N. drone use or share American drone technology with U.N. peacekeeping teams., "Come on, DP, you can't miss two in a row. Elevate, elevate, elevate.", The other five board members didn't appear thrilled with the contract, but ratified it., A. No. I don't think I felt that way, in the sense that I didn't feel like it was my mission to do that. It was just the kind of music I liked. But there was always the feeling that the rock stuff was covered. People were making great rock albums, and they didn't really need me chiming in., It says the Haqqani network "poses a continuing threat to innocent men, women and children in the region.", Hayes is the owner and chief executive of Applied Technology Systems Inc., which lost control of the federal job-training center in February, after defaulting on a $2.7 million bank loan that's since been repaid. The company, according to recent court papers, is nearly insolvent and was in financial trouble last year. And Hayes continues to face scrutiny from the federal government, which says his company overcharged it for expenses at job training centers. Also, companies that provided services to the job center are owed thousands of dollars., Galindo said he and others tried to keep the center afloat, holding raffles, hosting pay-per-view cable boxing match nights and reaching out to churches and local organizations for help. He said dreams of getting the center nonprofit status, offering English classes, worker safety training, identification cards and other services for day laborers and their families were never realized for lack of funds., Cake Boss Buddy Valastro: The Hoboken native will present a special "moving" monster cake in honor of the fair's 25th anniversary on July 2 at 7 p.m., It was a new height for the conservative political movement that Batchelder helped to shape, the day when Ohio's political far right finally saw its guy running the 99-member chamber., In truth, they are building on strong foundations. The Olympics represent the latest chapter in a rebirth that has seen the deprived Cockney town of caricature evolve into a beacon of urban regeneration, home to the best of London's ethnic cuisine, diverse entertainment and progressive arts., Ahuja, who will remain active with University Hospitals by helping lead the system's next big fundraising initiative with Jack Breen, former chairman and chief executive of Sherwin Williams, said changes in payment resulting from health care reform will mean the health system needs to emphasize primary and urgent care for all., All-City boys basketball Player of the Year: Leroy Fludd, Boys & Girls, Damiana Chavez, 930 Marshall Av #A, $57,500, Upland Nursery, Orange, "We're delighted the governor has made a commitment to expanding services and we will be watching and hoping this will happen when they implement the law,'' Beauchamp said, noting "there are waiting list for services all over the place.'', After Kennedy broke the news, the military briefly suspended the AP's ability to dispatch any news from the European theater. When that ban was lifted, more than 50 of Kennedy's fellow war correspondents signed a protest letter asking that it be reinstated. The military expelled Kennedy from France., But when Jean-Michel falls in love with the daughter of an anti-gay politician, her family must come to dinner to meet his own. Jean-Michel's preferred solution is that Albin go into hiding and his father pretend that he's something he's not (straight) - and Georges is given the unenviable task of breaking the news to the explosively unpredictable Albin., "Here, we only have one set of fans in the city and they support the Timbers.", Legal experts said the ruling is consistent with well-established federal law., RT: -2, The Commerce Department says that total orders increased 0.7 percent in November. That follows a 0.7 percent drop in October., In recent years, I have been welcomed into another annual rite: the New Year's Day trek with friends to J.B.'s Fish Camp, one of those rustic places that time forgot between the beach and the Indian River, about seven miles south of The Islander Resort, along South A1A., ELIZABETH — A Newark woman was sentenced to five years in prison today for her role in a drunk driving accident that led to the death of her 18-year-old friend., The menu is still a work in progress, but Perkins says he envisions it will contain about 10-12 items -- snacks, vegetables, proteins and desserts -- all priced about $4-$12., The Senate resolution would replace the Supreme Court judge with another political appointee – leaving three bar members and four "citizen" members selected by the governor., "I was upset," the fiery Dubinsky said Sunday. "Look, I don't want to talk about it. We'll be ready to play tomorrow. I'll be ready to play tomorrow. We expect them to be good again and we need to be better. That's what is important here: not what happened yesterday, but what's going to happen tomorrow., Senser, 45, who's married to former Minnesota Vikings star Joe Senser, faces three counts of criminal vehicular homicide for hitting Phanthavong, 38, as he put gas in his stalled vehicle on the Riverside Avenue exit ramp for Interstate 94. Senser has admitted being the driver but maintains she didn't realize she had hit anyone., Coach Kevin Walsh's team has continued its memorable season with the first 11-0 start in school history and the first Meramec title ever for the Golden Griffins., The last man to make the team out of spring training delivered it—a two-out, two-run single in the second—and later knocked out the team that drafted him in the first round in 2005., A program in Culver City featured a panel discussion, poetry, choral and jazz music and a staged reading of a play called "The Dreamers" featuring Margaret Avery, an actress best known for her role in "The Color Purple." In Exposition Park, the California African American Museum kicked off a two-day program with a celebration called One Dream, a National Influence, a World of People., On Monday, the zombies stayed on the sidewalks as they wound through Manhattan's financial district chanting, "How to fix the deficit: End the war, tax the rich!" They lurched along with their arms in front of them. Some yelled, "I smell money!", That will arouse uneasy feelings that technology has once again done away with something we assumed was eternal -- the phone books that arrived once a year, the ones we sat on as kids at the dinner table, are shrinking as fewer and fewer people bother to be listed in them. Those of us who remember looking ourselves up in the white pages and thinking that now we belong to a place may lament -- not for the first time -- that our real-world communities are becoming more fragmented as people spend time in online communities of their own choosing instead., Payne, meanwhile, called the Ward E councilman a "strong and independent voice for Jersey City.", Kids will answer this question in the NJ Go Green! Challenge, which sponsored by Pearson Education, the textbook publishing company that will soon move its offices to Hoboken and Manhattan from Upper Saddle River., “With some young guys it’s still them understanding the peak. It’s been a hard climb for them just to get back in it,” he said. “I looked at when there were 24 games left I thought, ‘Well, jeez, maybe we’re going to have to win 20.’ So I didn’t even really know how you say there’s a peak or anything. We’ve got to just take it one at a time.”, These urban oases, carefully tended by teachers, students and volunteers, range from several square feet to several acres of fruits, vegetables, herbs and flowers, and some schools even grow plants year-round in school greenhouses., They also expressed their "deep concern" over the situation in Syria and called for an immediate end to violence., 1 cup arugula, coarsely chopped, But don't head inside quite yet: The outdoor Saturday market will be open from 8 a.m.-noon Oct. 22 and Oct. 29 at 20 South Florissant Road, and market manager Kathy Noelker reports that more than 40 vendors have been on hand each week this month., Dispatchers didn't send an officer, but Walters, who was familiar with the arboretum, decided to respond on his own. He requested that a Hooper Detox unit go to the scene in case Collins was drunk, and Walters arrived at 3:24 p.m. Three minutes later, dispatch records show, gunshots were fired., Prosecutors, either with the county district attorney's office or U.S. attorney's office, ultimately decide whether to file charges, said Gross, who as a federal prosecutor handled a fraud case that was investigated by the Department of Insurance., Ted Anderson, Lisa Marie Stickan*, Bad omen: A bipartisan decision by the Senate ethics committee to hire an outside counsel to investigate Nevada's John Ensign will only increase GOP pressure on him to step aside in 2012. Ensign, who once fancied himself as White House material, points out that the Justice Department declined to indict him, but that's not stopping his own colleagues, who hadn't brought in an outside ethics help in more than 20 years. Ensign has admitted to having an affair with a former aide's wife who was also on his staff. After Ensign fired the couple, his parents paid them almost $100,000 and he allegedly helped set them up as lobbyists. His poll numbers back home have cratered and GOP recruiters wish he'd go away and give Rep. Dean Heller a clear shot at the nomination (though after 2010, the establishment might not be able to get anyone a clear shot). Democrats see Nevada as one of their few chances to add a Senate seat in 2012 and are pushing Rep. Shelly Berkley to make the race., The proposal is scheduled for a vote on Friday by the Port Authority's board of commissioners. If the board approves the plan, it is subject to veto within 10 days by either Gov. Chris Christie or his counterpart across the Hudson, Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York., The merger didn't include every entity. To make the move more palatable politically, four suburban cities were left out of the new Indianapolis. School districts remained separate, as did fire districts and local assessors., The state’s warm spurt is expected to be short-lived, Kline said. A cold front is expected to move through tomorrow, pushing temperatures back into the 50s and down to the 40s Saturday., "We used every teaching modality that we use on traditional students, but in his case, we would go to him," Kopp said. "There were a few occasions where he came to campus and was in class.", Hamilton, using the pink bat, struck out again in the third., On my form chart, I had Roesler qualifying for the final and finishing sixth. A sixth-place finish is worth three team points., Luke Fickell, a previously anonymous linebackers coach, will be in charge of the Buckeyes this fall., Lawrence, with her determined scowl and aura of hyper-awareness, anchors the movie, as she should. Hutcherson is funny, stoic, steady-on as her running mate - as in running for their lives. Harrelson is less hammy than you'd imagine, given his wardrobe, mock-tragic mien, and pronouncements along the lines of "Embrace the probability of your imminent death!", Meryl Streep in "The Iron Lady", A brutal sell-off overseas spilled into U.S. markets Monday morning, pushing the major averages down more than 1%., Neither child could walk, according to the petition, and Solomon told investigators his neck hurt. He asked for bread., Falklands legislator Ian Hansen told the daily Penguin News that the ad was filmed without permission and shows Argentina's disrespect for the islanders, because it doesn't show any of them., Indeed, CL&P and Butler have fielded criticism for days from many public officials and residents over a perceived lack of preparation for the storm's aftermath, particularly since the utilities had an unintended dry run when the remnants of Hurricane Irene swept through the region and knocked out power two months ago., Bancroft has 20 years of experience working with people who have suffered brain injuries, serving about 100 people each in its rehabilitation and assisted-living programs in central and southern New Jersey at any one time, said Cynthia Boyer, senior clinical director for the organization’s brain-injury programs., "This is a process that will begin behind closed doors with the unions," Drewniak said., The Kings' win in Game 1 was the franchise's first-ever postseason win over the Blues. Both previous series had been 4-0 sweeps by the Blues, most recently in 1998., Coach Chip Kelly has not scheduled any sort of formal scrimmage for his guys, but says they will practice on Thursday with officials doing most situational stuff, as they continue to break in a handful of young players., It's thus the non-clinical aspects of the workplace -- particularly the collegiality that has replaced the professional detachment of 50 years ago -- he finds most interesting., Oceana Santa Monica, Ohio is on the right track with these bills. Pension forfeiture should be the rule, not the exception, when someone who is supposed to be serving the public betrays the public instead. The public should not have to finance the retirement of an employee or officeholder guilty of malfeasance., Italy and the Midwest: Business Connections: Noon at the Union Club, 1211 Euclid Ave., Cleveland. $45. Register by Monday. Go to tinyurl.com/4j7g365 or call 216-255-9006., The hockey portion of the NHL playoffs has been compelling, and it usually is, but the many intriguing storylines are obscured by the cowardice of the players who target their union brethren with high hits and sticks., WOW! Children's Museum, "Our technical systems have always been complemented by strong policy enforcement, and we will continue to rely on both to keep people in control of their information," the Facebook official said., " 'Bandstand,' I don't know anybody who didn't watch it," Fey said. "Frankie Avalon — everybody who was on there was immediately a star.", It started a new road tradition of having the lockers of Roy and Mills side-by-side, and it helped strengthen an already tight bond., The Securities and Exchange Commission's staff plans to recommend a "civil enforcement action" against LaBarge Inc., the company revealed today., WATCH OUT FOR NO. 94, Simpson attended training camp with the Warriors in 2009, then played for the Los Angeles D-Fenders of the NBA Developmental League. He went on to play in the Philippines and Turkey before signing with Adelaide., Also on May 1, council is expectd to hold a brief special council meeting so that the first reading can be made of the proposed settlement of the Bass Energy lawsuit. Three readings are needed before the settlement issue can be voted upon., 1. Who published, on this date in 1828, the first American-language dictionary?, Durant and Gallinari then traded baskets before, McDonald said the amount paid to departing employees was "not a shocking number.", New Jersey officials urged prospective parents of all races to consider adopting children through the state’s Department of Children and Families, a low- or no-cost option. While most of the children featured on the state website are older or have special needs, there are available children of every age and situation, said spokeswoman Lauren Kidd., STLCC GETS POSTSEASON NODS, 2. Bronx Science (9-0) (2), Heed warning signs: Trust your gut, advises Kathi Elster. “We’ll hear a client say, ‘I knew it wasn’t a good sign when he showed up high for our first appointment.’”, This is what the Panthers senior is focused on these days. His final season in navy blue and gold began as a prelude to glory. He was a preseason All-American. His team was ranked in the top 10. Pitt was a chic pick to make a run to the Final Four in New Orleans., Zimmer hopes that opening up the roadway will revitalize the area socially, culturally and economically and said that the Hoboken waterfront has always been an important part of the Mile Square City., Ken Lanci, Independent: An audience member posed a hypothetical question regarding private donations: If you were an investor who wanted to choose just one group to support, which would it be? Lanci said he would merge all the organizations into one and use the money on a fund-raising event to attract funds for the new organization. He said he has met with numerous arts groups, and that all will have a voice in his administration if he is elected., Merle Butler, 65, said that until Wednesday's news conference, fewer than five people knew they had won the lottery, other than the cadre of financial advisors and the lawyer with whom they've been meeting., Legs. Really? Legs have nothing to do with the flavor, but they are an excellent indication of the character of the wine. Legs form on the inside of a glass when you swirl wine. When a wine is thin (light) it will sheet off like water. If the wine is viscous (thick) it will leave a thicker sheet on the glass and the wine will slowly fall from the inside of the glass. The slowness and thickness of these legs indicate that a wine will be rich in character and heavy with fruit and alcohol. This is a good thing . . . if a wine doesn't have legs, it's not going anywhere!, Our budget situation is not a Beaverton problem; it is an Oregon problem. Districts throughout the state have been faced with similar budget challenges. Beaverton has reduced budgets by $105 million, largely sparing schools from deep cuts. We have used the ending fund balance and other one-time savings, negotiated employee concessions, reduced infrastructure and central office personnel, and minimally reduced the workforce through staff attrition to balance the budget. Many of these past options are no longer available., I was disappointed to read "In-state tuition opponents have the signatures for referendum" (July 8). Maryland's new law would have extended in-state tuition rates to young, undocumented residents, but now the law has been blocked, and it will await the decision of the voters in November 2012., Be likable: A tough assignment for some, that's for sure. But Cialdini's research has found that a little easygoing pleasantness can be just as persuasive as talent or actual ability. Perhaps unfairly, looks count too: A study of Canadian elections, for example, found that attractive candidates received more votes than their less-blessed opponents,, even though voters claimed they didn't care about appearances., As of 5 p.m. today, police had still not yet released the names of the victims, how they died or what caused the fire., On Aug. 19, a federal appeals court tosses out a lower court's ruling that Capistrano Valley High School teacher James Corbett violated a student's constitutional rights by making comments disparaging to religion, saying Corbett could not have known he might be breaking the law., After the children came out of the apartment at 8:50 a.m., Smith stopped talking to officers but remained inside. At 9:30 a.m., officers used tear gas inside the home and when Smith did not exit by 10 a.m., a robot with a camera was sent in and found Smith dead., Sore subject:, In early 2012, the insular, change-resistant fire and police fiefdoms are seeing their work worlds upended by city officials who <U+0097> fortunately for taxpayers <U+0097> appear poised to stop automatically supplying more people and money to the departments., Later, Staci wakes up. The two new mothers are no longer captives, they've presumably ascended to heaven with their babies. It's revealed all along the women had been in Purgatory, after having died on the operating table of abortion clinics. But because Staci attempted to miscarry even after a second chance at motherhood, and because she never accepted the error of her ways until she experienced the physical joy of giving birth, of seeing her children for the first time, she will be doomed to eternity in Hell., "Obviously the score makes people feel like it wasn't even a competition," Wambach said. "But we as a team feel like we have so many things we need to work on. This is a game that gave us an opportunity to work on some things.", But this isn’t Las Vegas. Last week, the action in the SkyGarden was, well, typical Atlantic City. A lot of poorly dressed people used the place as a smoking porch and were chased around by security guards trying to get them to stub out their butts. This is what happens when you create the first non-smoking casino in Atlantic City. People wearing tracksuits are going to go outside, to the best part of your resort, light up and then get into heated discussions with your surly staff (an Atlantic City mainstay)., Crowds had blocked intersections in the city and tried to force businesses to shut down for not observing calls for a "general strike." The city has been the scene of some of the fiercest clashes between police and Occupy protesters in recent months., Meanwhile, however, the police have not ruled out the possibility that Harmon was first struck by another vehicle., Even running back Malcolm Agnew, dogged by persistent hamstring issues, returned on Saturday., Even simple images or designs can be tweaked by the tattoo artist to make it your own, unique body art., CATHLAMET, Wash. -- The Wahkiakum County sheriff's office is encouraging people in flood-prone areas to evacuate before expected heavy rains make roads impassable., "He's a qualified individual," said Schron. "He understands the principles of investing.", Conditions improved somewhat in the Vancouver area, across the river from Portland. In Clark County, September's unemployment rate -- not seasonally adjusted -- was 12 percent, down from 13.2 percent in August., The Grant team, the Oregon representative, competed against teams from all 50 states, the District of Columbia and the Northern Mariana Islands to land in the top 10. The final round of hearings took the Northeast Portland teens to Washington, D.C., where the winners were announced at an awards banquet Monday evening before an audience of 1,500 students, teachers, coordinators, judges and other program participants., How difficult was it to go home without Anna and have her still in the NICU and how did you deal with it?, Big banks and investment firms have been asked to forgive Greece some 50 percent of its debts so that the country can concentrate on getting its economy back in shape and eventually raise money on financial markets again., A's vs. Braves, Rhode played for Charles on the Portland men’s team that went to the 1995 final four. Just completing her first year at Oregon as associate head coach is Lauren (Orlandos) Hanson, who played for the Pilots’ 2002 national championship team, Charles’ last season before he died in 2003 at 51. And although Portland State coach Laura Schott’s experience with Charles was limited to summer club programs, she said he had a profound influence on her career., "I respect S&P and they are some smart folks, but there are holes in their reasoning in this report that I don’t get," O’Scanlon said., Exhibition highlights - Blaine Gabbert, the 10th pick of the draft from Missouri, completed nine of 16 passes for 85 yards and no touchdowns in Jacksonville's 47-12 loss to New England. ... Michael Vick threw for 74 yards and a touchdown pass in his only series in Philadelphia's 13-6 victory over Baltimore., <U+0093>I<U+0092>ll wait to see what he has,<U+0094> said Susan Reed, who was appointed to represent Gentz. <U+0093>This could make my job easier.<U+0094>, Kyle Burkhardt, Mullen 76-80—156, Vegetarian friends found much to savor on ABC's menu. A simple plate of vegetable fried rice <U+0097> fried so lightly it looked merely steamed <U+0097> included bits of bok choy, black mushroom, carrots and peas. A large serving of perfectly steamed and sautéed Chinese broccoli greens was brilliantly colored and perfumed with garlic and oil., He was among a handful of original bridge workers who were honored at the 50th anniversary of the bridge's opening in 1987, and San Francisco Mayor Dianne Feinstein gave him a key to the city., The companies said Strata is poised to supply more complicated vertical fin assemblies for the 787 "based on its competitiveness and performance.", When the law was first passed, Schnucks felt putting up the signs was the "right thing to do," in order to make sure its stores were safe and secure, Willis said., Williams has an opportunity to play in Sunday’s game against the New England Patriots, though a foot injury has his status a bit up in the air. The good news is he’s no longer wearing the walking boot that had been on his right foot since last week., More than 60 million Americans experience heartburn at least once a month, and some studies have suggested that more than 15 million Americans experience heartburn symptoms each day, according to the American College of Gastroenterology., Prosecutors had asked that Dennis Coen, 57, be sentenced to 25 years after his conviction in January on 62 felonies tied to Quality Paving and its illicit dealings with Adams County officials., He hit his second home run of the season in a 2-1 loss to the Tacoma Rainiers on Wednesday, a solo shot to left field at Raley Field in his first at-bat., Here is an easy way to carve the Thanksgiving turkey., The San Francisco Department of Public Health was trying to locate everyone who had close contact with the researcher during the time he was infected., From LAX, United, Delta, Hawaiian and Continental offer connecting service (change of plane) to Hilo. Delta, American and United offer nonstop service to Kona, and United and Hawaiian offer connecting service. Restricted round-trip fares begin at $658.40., The Chatham Township Police website refers people to the JCP&L website., Tony La Russa used his bullpen aggressively, repeatedly and confidently throughout the National League championship series, and for their effor these Cardinals won the franchise's 18th pennant Sunday night at Miller Park. The MVP of the series was David Freese, the most impressive individual on the Cardinals' roster through the 4-2 win against Milwaukee. But the most important individuals were the relievers who as a collective covered more innings in the NLCS than the starters., If I had to guess, I'd say planning to go barefoot at the Running of the Bulls., At the meeting, Dooley apologized in public to the council., On Wednesday, the conservative justices targeted a provision that provides funding for states to enroll 17 million more people in their Medicaid programs over the next decade, a key pillar of the law's program for expanding coverage., O'Fallon senior linebacker Mike Cotton has been committed to Indiana since June but is now exploring his options after a coaching change with the Hoosiers., The ACLU has taken some districts to court. This month, the head of Pittsburgh's public schools recommended ending single-gender classes after the ACLU threatened legal action. Last month, the Vermilion Parish School Board in Louisiana agreed to temporarily end single-sex classes at a school, resolving an ACLU lawsuit., Fort Osage 55, Winnetonka 20, After getting my fill of Napier's Art Deco treasures, I strolled along the Marine Parade, a pedestrian promenade that runs along Hawke's Bay and weaves through town, providing a long stretch of palm tree-lined streets filled with shops, coffee bars, sidewalk cafes and art galleries featuring the work of New Zealand artists and craftspersons., "We had a very good day out there today," said incident commander Rich Harvey., Pekcan admitted some images and videos depicted prepubescent minors engaging in sexually explicit conduct, the U.S. Attorney’s Office said., When the economy took a dip a few years ago, companies didn't have much need to recruit people. Larry was laid off. He had no health insurance when the cancer struck., Occidental was producing 730,000 barrels of oil a day in the first quarter of 2011., Answer: To serve as an example of what you can create in the green-home construction and decor worlds, and to offer resources and ideas and takeaways. People might discover something they can incorporate into their own homes., The second set of letters appeared to be love letters, written to Ted in 1950 and 1951 and all signed “Glenna.”, She said last year, it even snowed. How artistic., Seal Beach police and prosecutors in the Orange County District Attorney's Office have provided few details about the shooting spree since a news conference Oct. 14 during which District Attorney Tony Rackauckas announced he would seek the death penalty against Dekraai., Brock Howell of Environment Oregon called city action the "first step to statewide policy." His group has scheduled a media event Thursday in Hood River to highlight local support for a ban on plastic bags., At Marriott and Renaissance hotels in North America, travelers can request a Bodywedge 21 foam exercise device that promises a full-body workout. (The 21 exercises in the program are printed directly on the wedge for your convenience). Or they can exercise with a Body Rev, a hand-held exercise device that offers a strength-training workout that takes just 15 minutes. A DVD on the room entertainment system shows you how to use these devices., 21. (29) Bryan Silas, Ford, 164, 48.9, 23, $13,125; 22. (23) Max Gresham, Chevrolet, 163, 51.5, 22, $13,100; 23. (32) Scott Stenzel, Chevrolet, 163, 42.4, 21, $10,825; 24. (14) Johnny Sauter, Toyota, 162, 75.6, 20, $14,050; 25. (36) Jennifer Jo Cobb, Ram, 160, 38.9, 19, $10,925., The doctors are in, Lineup: Chris Black (vocals, guitar), Eric Egan (drums), April Fatica (vocals), Aaron Mittelo (keyboards), Tre Smith (bass, electronics), Aaron Williams (vocals)., Yeah, the same story that’s been said the first couple of years. In the very beginning of the season, you started to see validation of the previous commentaries, that what we’ve been saying all along, that it’s part of the building process, that it takes time but they’re the foundation of it. We’ve surrounded ourselves with kids who could believe in what would be, who know exactly what it is. To be able to have that kind of success that we had, it’s validation. It makes you truthful., In a Wednesday teleconference, Horizon commissioner Jon LeCrone said the league will move at a measured pace to find a replacement team. Butler's departure leaves the HL with nine members: CSU, Detroit, Green Bay, Loyola (Ill.), Milwaukee, Illinois-Chicago, Valparaiso, Wright State and Youngstown State., The bottom line, folks in the U.P. say, is that Lansing takes a whole lot more in tax dollars than the U.P. gets back. And in this peninsula with only about 3% of the state's population but more than 30% of the land, that's just not cutting it., Dana Seawright, 26, was found injured in his cell on Saturday, officials from the Arizona Department of Corrections said. He was taken to Maricopa Medical Center for treatment, where he later died., These were the opening arguments this morning presented by both sides in the much-anticipated trial of Crockam today in the filled courtroom of Superior Court Judge Wendel E. Daniels at the Ocean County Courthouse in Toms River., DETROIT -- The Fitch Ratings agency lifted Ford's credit rating from junk status to investment grade Tuesday, a sign that the company's recovery from near collapse is almost complete., Wohlberg described Bales as a man who clearly loved his country., Level of difficulty: Moderate. Allow five to six hours., A. Well, luckily they were both Ford vehicles. When we close the books on August, we will set an all-time sales record for Fusion, Flex and the highest sales on F-150 trucks since October 2006. Clearly for the rest of the year, we will see a slower sales pace than we have seen the past four to six weeks. We expect this year the industry will sell between 10.5 million and 11 million units, still down from last year, and about 12.5 million next year., Princeton will be assigned its seed and regional for the NCAA Tournament tonight., Volunteers were instructed to search fields, dumpsters, knock on doors and do anything else that might assist the police investigation., Coach Jerry York and star goalie Parker Milner know how hard it really is., "The analysis for Mr. Demerjian is where it is legal," she said. "For the community, it is a question of whether the community feels it is best use of their resources." She calls it the "taxpayer test.", Brazil said the new county measure would cover both municipalities and unincorporated areas., "That's my life right there," Austin said, pointing to its many scuff marks and rough patches. "That's me, no refinishing. Let the next guy refinish it.", Your medical records should mention the history and circumstances of your injury or illness and list every body part involved -- workers' compensation won't pay to treat body parts that aren't listed, says Ed Scheine, a Hauppauge, New York, workers' compensation attorney., Mierzwinski predicts companies will start increasing their minimum payments so they can at the same time increase the potential late fee., Mr. Heywood told friends he had formed a relationship with Mr. Bo after writing him asking for help exploring business opportunities, and offering to help attract foreign investment to the city, which Mr. Bo was trying to transform into a fashion and information-technology hub., Really, it had become like a fix -- a fix for the most hopeless of addicts. Not only were the residents of 107 soccer fans, but they had chosen to throw their lot in with a struggling A-League side, temporarily owned by a baseball team. They knew what it was like to love, and love hopelessly. For a time, a sign hung in the Woodshed that said, "So what if we suck?", "Today's posturing makes it clear that the company and the auto task force would rather discount the thousands of individual investors and retirees who own GM bonds than undergo earnest negotiations," a committee of GM bondholders said in a news release. The group said the 10 percent offer was "neither reasonable nor adequate.", At Banzai Bowl, the preparation takes 10-15 minutes, but you can busy yourself by watching surfers on the TV screens. They appreciate your wait, or at least the sign says, “Mahalo for your patience and for making 'em fresh.”, But that's likely all it will get., As is often the case in public debates this conversation seems anchored mostly in volume, meaning it's about who can scream the loudest? There is little useful or dispassionate reflection on what this debate is about: religious freedom, religious diplomacy, private property and what it means to cry fire in a crowded theater when that theater is a nation at a crossroads., He was airlifted to a hospital, third-degree burns covering 40 percent of his body., Buzz: West Orange (8-1) was led by Jonathan Defuso, who scored his first varsity goal. Wekiva's Gates Gentry scored., 3 cups apple cider, The earlier letter authored by Rep. Tim Ryan of Niles and signed by the rest of Ohio's House of Representatives Democrats contended that the state was using tax dollars to "advance a privatization plan that could potentially severely cost drivers via increased tolls, threaten the job security of over 1,000 Ohioans, and drive up the costs for local governments through increased maintenance costs of local roads.", She tweeted the next day: "Was Ashton Kutcher making fun of country or is it just me? Watching it back now and I'm kinda wondering?", But Scott’s administration said the governor was clear Tuesday morning about the law when he appeared on a couple of Spanish-language radio stations. He said that, since this state law involves foreign trade, the president and Congress need to expressly authorize it., By way of explanation, Locklear said nothing., After the cake is frozen, place the second layer on top., FROM UNIVERSAL UCLICK, In my line of work, as an attorney representing clients involved in residential, commercial and industrial construction projects, I witness every day the difficult questions that business owners face. Money is still tight; entrepreneurs and other so-called millionaires are still nervous to invest in New Jersey., "Can I respond to that?" Shepard asked the committee., As the officers were waiting, they saw a white van parked in the alley. The officers got out of their car and walked toward the van, police say. The officers wore vests marked "POLICE" on the front and back. The van sped toward them, and the officers fired several shots at the van. The van rammed the officers' parked car, pushing it into a Dumpster., The path to the truths behind Drew's death and the fate of that young girl involves a high-tech conspiracy and a dark secret from Alice's family past. Burke makes it a fun, compelling ride. She builds the background on Alice and the case a little slowly at first, but it's like the roller coaster chugging to the top of the first drop: Once things take off, it's a plunging, winding course with plot twists flying at you as fast as a New York minute., Lake Ridge Academy does not have an athletic scholarship program. What Lake Ridge Academy does have is a long tradition of providing financial aid and scholarships to qualifying families who otherwise could not attend the school., These game assessments rolled in via Twitter:, Another newcomer will be the nonprofit organization The Whole Person, which last year purchased the former Goodenow Textile building at 3710 Main. The organization, which serves people with disabilities, is spending about $5 million in buying and renovating the building to consolidate its operations there. It hopes to move in by early next year., Detectives with the Multnomah County Major Crimes Team shared the landscaper's account with Kyron's father, Kaine Horman, last weekend, prompting him to leave the house June 26 with the couple's 19-month-old daughter., Will Conlon, a 53-year-old private security worker, wondered "how you can affect the environment" with legislation such as AB32. A bigger problem, he said, is illegal immigration., The score against Chicago Thursday was tied 1-1 after two periods, but the Blackhawks scored two goals in the opening nine minutes of the third period., "I didn't imagine that happening," California coach Mike Montgomery said. "We dug ourselves a huge hole in the first half, and that's probably as bad as I've seen us play. We weren't doing much of anything.", Malaj said district officials will wait and see what happens with the court case before they pursue reimbursement., Among the work and infrastructure associated with the county project is the refurbishing of a path ringing the reservoir, lighting, fencing and the razing of rundown and obsolete structures., The Record newspaper reports Diandra Barreto of Hasbrouck Heights and Michael Gallinella of Woodbridge were riding a rented scooter that crashed March 25. The 24-year-old Barreto had a dislocated leg, several spine fractures and a lacerated liver, while the 36-year-old Gallinella had broken ribs, a punctured lung and a possible neck injury., Heat the olive oil in a soup pot and sauté the leek for a few minutes. Add the potato, zucchini and asparagus stalks and continue to sauté a few more minutes. Add the stock, bring it to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for approximately 15 minutes. Purée the soup, working in small batches to prevent an explosion of hot liquid, and return it to the soup pot. Add the asparagus tips and season with salt and pepper. Heat for a few minutes and serve., Officials in some other states, told of California's practice, greeted it as an admirable form of public disclosure., Moody’s Mood, At Genoa the realignment involved rethinking the way a restaurant works. Genoa doesn't have one chef, it has four, who rotate every two weeks, each designing a fresh menu for that period. The restaurant is improvisational and decidedly collaborative. Every few years its ownership has passed on, always to someone who was already an employee. And the chief qualification to cook here is simply a love of cooking and an eagerness to learn -- the chief attributes, in other words, of a great home cook., Danni Smith, "Pump Boys and Dinettes" (Theo Ubique Cabaret Theatre), Such as this one: In the first 19 minutes of the second half, the Knicks managed a grand total of 22 points., Steins, once populated with 1,300 people, was largely abandoned by the mid-1940s after the railroad stopped delivering water. It is about 80 miles north of Mexico in New Mexico's Hidalgo County., Or will we retain our freedom and our Constitution?, The two made the dolls kiss before checking to see if the McGraw doll was anatomically correct. "There's nothing there," Paisley said in amazement., (It released the new model last Friday...no orders yet.), By Scott Stevens, It was quite a delightful announcement, actually, evoking everything from "Star Wars" to toilet bowls, not the usual pallid fare you tend to get whether someone is running for student council or the presidency. It reminded me of how witty Kiefaber can be, even when he's also being obsessive and aggrieved, which is his usual state when it comes to the loss of his beloved theater., Serve by itself or with sweetened fruit puree or a dollop of whipped cream., The school itself proposed two years of probation starting in a period that would end in January of 2014, but the NCAA clearly thought it was inadequate, and doubled the sanction., And Emde, 17, wouldn't be on the pool deck dressed in his sweats., 6. Louisville (17-5, 6-3, RPI 28, SOS 46, PSOS 22): Monster schedule down the stretch includes two with Syracuse and games home against UConn and at West Virginia and Cincy. Injury to forward Rakeem Buckles hurts., In terms of long-term effects, experts estimate that if 10,000 people were each exposed to 10,000 µSv of ionizing radiation in small doses over a lifetime, about five or six more people in the group would die of cancer than would be expected without the radiation exposure., FRIDLEY, Minn. -- A mother and her boyfriend shaved the head of her 12-year-old daughter, then forced the girl to wear a diaper and run up and down outside their home near Minneapolis because she wasn't doing well at school, police said., Michael Johnson, head honcho at Herbalife, had the biggest payday of the companies surveyed in the latest report. He was paid more than $89.4 million last year as CEO of the nutritional direct-marketing company., “I love Hoboken to this day,” she added. “Of course I watched it change. A lot of the artists got pushed out when the rents started going up, but a lot of us managed to stay. I raised my daughter here and it was just a wonderful community. She had a whole gang of kids she walked to school with every day, and I knew all the store owners along the way who’d keep an eye on them, so I always felt she was safe. And there are still so many people who work or live here from those days, like Jim Mastro (Guitar Bar,) Geri Fallo, Rob Grenoble (Water Music,) and Glenn Morrow (Bar None Records.)”, The United States, by contrast, has steadily inched upward: 22 percent, 23 percent, 24 percent., The line of Dustin Penner-Richards-Carter combined for five points in Game 2. Penner had two assists and Carter was impressed by his physical presence., Since then, Aloha Week has morphed into the month-long celebration of Hawaiian culture known as Aloha Festivals, which this year start Sept. 1 and include a giant block party Ho'olaulea on Sept. 17 and the equestrian Floral Parade on Sept. 24, both along Waikiki's Kalakaua Avenue. Although the Royal Court wears ancient Polynesian and Victorian-era dress, you'll note aloha fabrics in the cowboy shirts worn by the male riders in the parade, and spot a number of aloha shirts in the crowds as well., Those moves were expected. Just about everything else that happened was not. From the firing of coach Mike D'Antoni to the emergence of Jeremy Lin before he was sidelined by a knee injury, the Knicks had a roller-coaster ride that continued with a baffling series of injuries against Miami., SHADES OF '87: The Blue Jays and Tigers have the best records in this year's Grapefruit League. It was 25 years ago they finished with the best records in the majors in the regular season. In those days before the wild card, the Tigers won the epic race for the American League East title by eliminating the Blue Jays, 1-0, on the final day of the season at Tiger Stadium., Cost: $700, family; $425 single., The FCC made its proposal after President Obama’s administration found the service would disrupt aircraft navigation and other gear based on global-positioning systems technology., Laxdal, who was critical of the officiating after Portland’s 5-1 victory Friday in Game 2, again was miffed after Lowe beat Winterhawks goalie Mac Carruth with a wrist shot from the left circle off a transition rush that cut the deficit to 4-3 at 10:34 of the third period., Now is the perfect time for an irrigation tuneup. Replace backup batteries in the controller, check for leaks and clogged emitters, and bury any lines that may have surfaced., They file a complaint on Martinez's behalf in federal court alleging negligence, discrimination and other civil rights offenses by BofA., When Carnahan gave up practicing law, he didn't know specifically what kind of company he would start. But he had a strong interest in renewable energy and saw opportunity for wind projects in his home state, which had been passed over by other wind developers., Associated Press writers Manuel Valdes in Seattle; Travis Loller in Nashville, Tenn.; Cristina Silva in Las Vegas; and Sandra Chereb in Carson City, Nev., contributed to this report., "They're looking for that big one that's worthy of a prize," Smith said., "Arm themselves," the judge said, slowly. "Be very careful, be vigilant, get in touch with your neighbors. Because we're going to have to look after each other.", The hotel will be part of the $275 million first phase of the Flats project, a much-anticipated but long-delayed effort to remake part of Cleveland's waterfront. The Wolstein Group and Fairmount Properties, joint partners in the project, are putting the final touches on their financing package and still hope to break ground within a few months. Plans for the initial development include an office building, a parking garage, stores, restaurants and entertainment venues, as well as 14 acres of green space leading to a riverfront boardwalk., 2903 Wood Poppy Dr, $192,000, WASHINGTON - On opening day at Roger Clemens' new trial, several prospective jurors openly questioned the value of a congressional hearing in which he is alleged to have lied, which could pose problems for prosecutors trying to convict the famed baseball pitcher of perjury., Evan Camp's frustration had built up to the point where he couldn't shed it even by feverishly cleaning his house., Monday: 10:10 a.m. senior exercise program, 10:45 a.m. history trivia, noon nickel bingo, Of which vertu engendred is the flour …, The White House criticized Congress for voting to cut off unemployment benefits with the holiday break approaching., Murdoch summed up his journalistic mission this way: "Always to tell the truth, certainly to interest the public, to get their attention, but always to tell the truth ... I have great respect for the British public, and I try to carry that through.", Reitz said the county asked AT&T for a proposal, but Charter is the only carrier that has an existing fiber network in place at all the affected county sites., "We've got classes that typically have had 27 to 28 kids that will have 36 to 37," said Principal Michelle DeBoard., Here are the other top gambling places in the United States., The New England Patriots re-signed wide receiver Deion Branch and signed free agent fullbacks Tony Fiammetta and Spencer Larsen., Getting there: Take Interstate 10 to Estrella Parkway. Head south for seven miles, then turn left at Vineyard Avenue, where you will see a sign for the park. Take a right into the park and follow Casey Abbot Drive South past the amphitheater to trailhead parking on the right. A sign for Mayor's Loop Trail is visible., A native San Diegan and the son of two teachers, he was "born into a family of collecting impulses," Harris said. His late father amassed a huge library. Opera, wine, thoroughbred racing and the history of the encyclopedia were key interests., Not to miss: Though the Fongs are Chinese, they've been making Korean barbecue for so long they have it licked -- right down to sliced short rib served over onion on a cast-iron sizzle plate., He was born Aug. 15, 1931 in Annandale and had resided in Phillipsburg after moving from Annandale in 1992. He was the son of Floyd and Flora Eichlin Hockenbury., As security muscled Baron Cohen away, Seacrest attempted to cut to commercial, but his E! colleagues sought to milk the incident. It quickly became the most-chatted about topic on Twitter, where commentators eagerly lapped up the rare breach in decorum at the Academy Awards., Prosecutor Chris Ramras, however, saw the evidence differently. He said the group chanced across Davis' home on the way to the hospital. White testified that when he saw Davis dashing toward his car, he thought Davis was going to follow them again. He fired in Davis' direction to ward him off., The league believed it had a deal in place last year to sell the team to Chicago businessman Matthew Hulsizer, only to see it fall through when the Goldwater Institute inserted itself into the debate and warned potential bond buyers to stay away from the Glendale offering because of a looming lawsuit., In limited action, Lynch has completed 19 of 26 passes for 179 yards and three touchdowns with no interceptions., Sunday, March 24, 2013 at 3pm, "I thought I strained my MCL (medial collateral ligament) and it has been really sore," Kesselheim said. "It is frustrating because I love being a big part of this team. It is important to me. It is just really sore right now. I don't know.", But a March survey of 18- to 24 year olds by the Public Religion Research Institute showed Obama ahead of "a Republican" by only 48 to 41 percent. Only 52 percent had favorable opinions of Obama, and 43 percent had unfavorable opinions., A special taxing district on local-property owners could help bankroll the garage, plus new lighting and law enforcement, he said., She's trying to convince her friends to go with her this summer, "so that they won't be afraid to be without their moms and dads.", They also produce tender lamb, chicken or beef kebab or shawarma pita sandwiches or entrees (the Shawarma entree is $6.79; the Lamb Roll Pita is $4.99), each with the characteristic seasonings and sides -- various salads, tahini-based sauces and fresh flat bread., The judges were harsh on Portland's smugness, where "it can feel like you’re not a real local unless you own a chicken coop or make beer in your bathtub," according to Manning. That cost from Portland seven points, compared to just four taken from Seattle for "turning their noses up at people who order ... a tall skinny split-shot latte with half a shot of vanilla.", ‘CASABLANCA’, After a night like "The Four Seasons," anything's possible., However, the conservative Catholic activists insist their faith, especially church teaching on abortion, inspires all their work., In March election filings, Ready listed Harry Hughes as his campaign treasurer. Hughes is a regional director of the National Socialist Movement, a White-supremacist neo-Nazi group., The hospital was leveled in the earthquake, so Cox and others physicians are forced to treat patients in the street. He and others set up some sheets on wooden poles, moved some tables and called the area "OR (Operating Room) 1.", Before the full band worked with him, Perkins met with Sitek in a rehearsal space at SIR Studios in Hollywood to experiment for a couple of days. "I wrote to Dave and Perry telling them I was excited: This is reminding me of playing with Mike Watt. It's dangerous and relentless, always searching, like Coltrane," recalls Perkins, 44. "He's a fun guy to spark ideas for music. He said … 'Let's jam for a month!' His personality on the instrument is always pushing.", The American Le Mans series uses production engines in its race cars, but they don't stay factory-grade for long. Roush Yates will replace dozens of components with custom-built pieces designed for the rigors of racing, and also shave some size off the 3.5-liter engine., "Very few survivors of child sexual abuse engage with the criminal justice system. It is important that the cases which come before the courts are not jeopardized in any way," said Maeve Lewis, director of One in Four., Pitching: Jolene Henderson was Pac-10 Pitcher of the Year as a sophomore last season with a 40-10 record and 0.99 ERA. With Arioto available this season, Henderson hasn't had to pitch every game, and she is perhaps better still at 29-1 with a 1.10 ERA. Arioto is 19-2 with a 1.29 ERA. "The pressure's off Jolene and Val to know they've got a great defense behind them and a great offense," Ninemire said. "If they give up a run here or there, there's no panic.", o•Fantasy owners might feel secure with Miami Marlins closer Heath Bell, despite his 9.53 ERA and three blown save opportunities. After all, Bell has a track record of success, and Miami just gave him a big contract. Three blown saves won't cost him his job, right? But Bell's strikeout-to-walk rate plunge - from 3.29 in 2009 to 0.71 in 2012 - suggests there's a looming opportunity here., That provocative -- some would say inflammatory -- hypothesis has landed Cochran and Harpending in the middle of a charged debate about the link between IQ and DNA., He planned to ice the knee on the plane to Anaheim, treat it overnight, then test it Monday., who will be succeed by Bank of Italy head Draghi at the end of the month, leaves office with his typical stance -- as a strict inflation fighter. Under his tenure the ECB resisted widespread calls to lower rates in 2004 and to not increase them in 2005, calls it ignored., Nathan Feingold was found beaten and unresponsive Tuesday inside his Michigan Antiques store on Michigan Avenue. The 66-year-old from West Bloomfield Township later died at a hospital., In fact, a month-by-month audit of the MV3's 2004 shows little about how this trio compares and more how that trio, with its ability to routinely crank out this kind of month, defies comparison., Russo said the $1,269 for television and nearly $23,000 for the van were legitimate campaign expenses, noting the television was used during a fund-raiser to watch a Browns game and the van was used to campaign., With Steven, now a St. Edward sophomore, it's always been quiet confidence., "As a mom, and as Mrs. Obama has said throughout her events over the last year, kids really drive the discussion," said a spokeswoman for the First Lady., “We all just miss her laughter and her presence,” Hunter-Feeney reminisced, fighting back tears. “She loved life and loved her family., There were so many things that were great about playing football at Maryland. A lot of people would assume that getting to play in a big stadium and play on TV was cool, and that was cool. But I think the biggest thing was every day, walking into that locker room and having the camaraderie and the brotherhood around you, knowing 100 guys were going out and putting the same uniform on and working toward a goal and representing the state of Maryland. I’m from Pennsylvania, but it was my dream to play football at Maryland since fifth grade. Every day of the last five years, I remembered that. I remember telling my dad that I was going to play there and him just kind of shrugging it off. Knowing that I was living my dream from age 18 to 22, it was a dream come true. The best part of it was being able to put that jersey and helmet on every day., 4253 Vista Av, $6,750, The Matthews Band is frequently compared to the Grateful Dead, but that's misleading. All the group shares with the Dead is a mass audience, a taste for syncopation, and a propensity to indulge in long solos. Really, Matthews is best understood as the inheritor of '80s globetrotting pop-rock: David Byrne, Sting, and especially Paul Simon, all of whom found room in their otherwise mainstream material for foreign influences: Caribbean reggae, Cuban jazz, African pop, Brazilian samba. The Caravan lineup featured many acts that shared Matthews' open-mindedness, omnivorous musical appetites, and, to be fair, willingness to sell exotic tropes to a mostly white, politically engaged, college-educated audience searching for answers to knotty problems. The excellent Budos Band, based in Staten Island, played a fusion of funk rock, jazz, and Ethiopian folk. Mariachi El Bronx, one of the highlights of the first day of the festival, dressed up their American pop-punk songs in bright Mexican garb. Rebelution and Thievery Corporation, both imaginative acts from the States, headed to the islands for somewhat cautious takes on reggae and dub. When anti-apartheid folksinger Vusi Mahlasela told the crowd gathered at the smaller Atlantic Stage that Westerners did not understand the concept of Ubuntu, nobody objected. Attendees at the Caravan assumed that we all have much to learn from overseas., Police were unable to apprehend the male suspect and are also on the lookout for a female suspect who allegedly waited outside during the crime. Both people are estimated to be between 20 to 35 years old., They were last seen driving a dark sedan away from the residence, authorities said., In This Light, portovelo: Nice win, put that Monkey away! That had to be the quietest 159 yards by LMJ, which says alot about this team. Thomas too played a great game, he is so under-appreciated by the football pundits but the guy is a winner. It took awhile to turn the momentum but that was a classic 2011 win by the Ducks., Fowler said that defining who is a Geechee or Gullah was easier than defining their cooking. "The cooking is consistently changing," he said. "There's a constant evolution when you're talking about food and the interaction people have with food.", My backwoods dessert was the trip's highlight until the next day when the continuing rain forced us to cancel our planned activities and return to civilization early., Calipari's Memphis team lost 75-68 in overtime to Self's Jayhawks in the 2008 national championship game in San Antonio. "Make free throws. That's what I learned (from that game)," Calipari said., The Giants love that kind of versatility and dedication. It’s defined Diehl’s career, and Reese labeled Rich Seubert the team’s “MVP” last year when he moved from guard to center and back without missing a beat., Madison Donati led off for the A's and stroked a stand up double to left field. Later in the first inning, Joseph Murphy and Anthony Morello followed with doubles of their own. The A's defense tightened up in the bottom half of the second inning when Jake Siconolfi was able to beat the runner to second base for the force out. Later in the inning, Evan Bright snagged a fly ball for another out. The A's ended their game with two force outs at home plate by Julian Martinez who beat both base runners to the dish., And the Italian-American Human Relations Foundation of Chicago has asked every other business in town to do the same - turn their backs on these latest purveyors of a worn-out stereotype of a hard-working and decent people., Netflix shares closed down 35 percent at $77.37 on Nasdaq -- 75 percent lower than their high of about $305 in July. It was the biggest one-day drop since October 2004, when the much smaller company lost 41 percent after it warned of growing competition., (A) George W.P. Hunt, "We have about 40 to 50 people at our Thanksgiving," says Brait, who owns and lives on the farm with three other partners and their families. Many of the guests are farmers, he says, and everybody brings something, which explains the magnitude of the feast., Moreover, Mountain Lion increases the value of my iPad and my iPhone, thanks to 10.8's expanded iCloud features the latest "Freshly-Baked In iOS' Brick-Lined Ovens" apps and functions to cross over to the Mac., We demand to be released from the ghetto of separate-but-equal, ignored-yet-despised. Two consenting adults have the right to marry — or is this reserved only for “the faithful”? Consent is the cornerstone of marriage, so heavy it crushes unseemly allegations — and the straight Woody Allen has proved that marriages stranger and less palatable than the union of two loving men or women may still be built upon that foundation., The competing interests, Salazar said, have led to "one of the most intractable water wars in the country.", When his shaky right hand sends a line of make-up askew on one side of his face, Creekmore just makes the other side a little crooked, too., Although the many individuals she includes are difficult to keep straight, each one's experience helps to flesh out the unfolding nightmare. Children are sure to relate to the many scenes of women and children being separated from husbands and fathers and to react even more viscerally to scenes reported from the water. One survivor described the ship's sinking as sounding "like standing under a steel railway bridge while an express train passes overhead, mingled with the noise of a pressed steel factory and the wholesale breakage of china." Even worse were the moans of those who perished in the water., SALEM — A Brooklyn, N.Y., fisherman drowned Monday morning after falling into Fenwick Creek here as he attempted to retrieve his catch, authorities said., "Let the body cool off," huffed a lawyer for the famed TV anchor before hanging up., Some of the worst casualties of the state of Missouri's relentless budget cutting in recent years were created by last year's decision to close the Metropolitan St. Louis Psychiatric Center and the Southeast Missouri Mental Health Center in Farmington., The funny pants didn't stop with Brown -- Keri Hilson and Alicia Keys also sported odd-looking peg-leg pants, and Jada Pinkett-Smith wore what looked suspiciously like Hammer pants. Amber Rose showed up on Wiz Khalifa's arm in one of her signature booty-hugging bodysuits, this one in looking like it was made out of shredded nylons., Marchionne said it would be "significantly north of the number we have left in the market.", BOISE -- An environmental group has filed another legal challenge over the federal government's decision not to give the sage grouse protection under the Endangered Species Act., Most cities renew their contracts with the Orange County Sheriff's Department yearly. When the 2013 contracts come up, county officials will ask for no less than a five-year commitment from its 12 contract cities. The longer contracts could add financial security to the Sheriff's Department and help the county pay for deputies' pension funds., The dispute stemmed from a $3.75 million loan Dudley granted Stubblefield in June 2009 through the former pro basketball player's company, Tesoros de Oswego. The loan had a 7 percent interest rate and Stubblefield put up his 13,500 square-foot home on Oswego Lake as collateral., Elk populations are robust in the Saddle Mt., Wilson and Trask units, with the highest densities in the western portions. Bull elk hunting this year should be very good in the Wilson, President Obama's bracket - unveiled today on ESPN - is going with North Carolina over Kentucky for the championship., Injuries: Indians — CF Grady Sizemore (back), LHP David Huff (right hamstring) and RHP Carlos Carrasco (right elbow) are on the disabled list. Mariners: LHP George Sherrill (left flexor tendon), OF Mike Carp (right shoulder) and outfielder Franklin Gutierrez (right pectoral muscle) are on the DL., Ride perpendicular to the Muni tracks: Always ride slowly when crossing Muni tracks, as they are very slick, and be sure to ride perpendicular to the tracks to safely cross them. If you don't feel safe, walk your bike on the sidewalk until the streets are track-free., At the Ankeny, Johnston and West Des Moines school districts, policies state that possession of a weapon may result in suspension with a recommendation of expulsion., When it comes to very old dogs and cats, procedures they shook off in a day when they were young can become life-threatening. Simple stresses, like going to the veterinarian or being cared for by someone else while you're out of town, can turn into an ordeal that leaves them exhausted and depressed., "He follows after his father and uncle," Snyder said. "I'm quite certain that's part of his mindset. He's very proud of them and certainly doesn't want to let them down. He loves the opportunity to compete in the same environment as they did.", By age 19, had Meredith moved in with a boyfriend. She found out she was pregnant in early 2008. That November, her son Jayden was born. The couple signed their parental rights over to Meredith's parents., Of course, it plays its games during the NFL schedule. The USFL will avoid such dead-end conflicts., A phone number listed for Loles wasn't in service Tuesday., Judge Maribeth Bushey is considering how much customers should pay for the initial $2.2 billion phase of the program, which PG&E began after the San Bruno pipeline explosion in September 2010 that killed eight people., This so-called "war" hasn't affected me one bit., Vanilla, No hard feelings, My findings: Keep it simple. Use good product. Make people feel they are getting a good deal. Smile. Repeat., "I hope he looks at it across the board to make sure it's done fairly," Fauta said., Several months ago, a mere week before Sergio Rossi's early fall collection was unveiled, Mr. Russo decided the prototypes were "horrible." He wanted a rougher, more artisanal look. He locked himself in his office and changed the entire collection—40 prototypes—in four days., -- Choice of Fried Cod, Jack Salmon, Fried Catfish, Grilled Grouper or Grilled Tilapia, a side of coleslaw and a side of mashed potatoes (dine-in only)., On the other hand, there's a thin line between arty and confusing., Running in Ohio will require local organization. Republican leaders across the state say each of the four candidates still in the race already has established at least a small presence in Ohio. The efforts appear focused on identifying local surrogates and recruiting and preparing volunteers., In 2005, Hill launched Angel's Happy Home Network, an "umbrella" for real estate investment and consulting services she provided. Since 2006, she has been caring for her father, a disabled Vietnam veteran who splits his time between Cleveland and Harrison County in east central Ohio., United and Continental have declined to comment since the reports of a possible merger began two weeks ago., Mary Ann Thode, president of Kaiser Foundation Health Plan and Hospitals in Northern California, said confidentiality rules prohibit her from discussing UNOS' recommendation. She said the kidney program will be fully closed by year's end, with patients transferred back to other centers., He drafted Danny Granger, Paul George and Tyler Hansbrough., Dotcom, a resident of both Hong Kong and New Zealand, and a dual citizen of Finland and Germany, made more than $42 million from the site in 2010 alone, according to the indictment., Katalin Marosi, Hungary, and Anna Tatishvili, Georgia, def. Liga Dekmeijere, Latvia, and Maria Kondratieva, Russia, 4-6, 6-0, 10-3 tiebreak., “So you think your handle is all right?’’ I asked., This beautiful cake features the flavors of lemon and honey and is swathed with a cloud-like blanket of honey meringue. It then is crowned with masses of sugared edible flowers., TRENTON -- Families will have a greater say in determining whether their seriously mentally ill loved ones who pose a risk to themselves or others must be ordered to attend outpatient treatment, under legislation Gov. John Corzine signed today., Both are unique and tied to other Symon restaurants in the area and will be open before and during all events., Los Angeles County Superior Court Commissioner Douglas Carnahan ruled that the giant automaker mislead Civic owner Heather Peters when it claimed that the hybrid could achieve as much as 50 miles per gallon., The project is the second phase of the Portage County university's plan to create an entrance to campus. The plaza, which is ringed by the university's student center and library, underwent a $3.3 million renovation in 2010., Parma Mayor Tim DeGeeter said he received a text from his friend and predecessor, Dean DePiero: "It's snowing," it read. "Good luck!", Considering the way the season has transpired, the Whitecaps want to use Sunday's game as the catalyst to end the season on a positive note., Meanwhile, Mizzou is looking forward to its move to the Southeastern Conference this summer., Coach Josh Sorge continued to praise his players for the solid play, especially for the their performance in the May 9 game, which fell just a day after prom weekend., Photo enforcement on I-170 began last week., "This is why and how recent movements for freedom in Tunisia and Egypt gained momentum," Kucinich told the crowd at Seattle's Hempfest., Last year, Leuzinger - long the laggard of the three high schools in the Centinela Valley school district - set a goal to surpass Hawthorne High. It worked. Now, he said, the school has its sights on Lawndale High, the district's perennial top performer., WASHINGTON -- Mike Huckabee's decision to forgo a shot at the presidency further muddies the field for a worthy Republican challenger to President Barack Obama, and leaves America's social conservatives without a clear candidate to throw their support behind., Whether you file online or on old-fashioned paper, state income tax returns contain information about salaries, as well as the extent of family medical expenses and other sensitive data that is not supposed to be shared. The expectation of reasonable privacy is one of the reasons Americans (not just in New Jersey) generally comply better than people in other nations with requirements to pay taxes and file returns., “The most amazing thing to me is that he’s hitting 100 miles per hour in almost every start,” said teammate Rick Porcello, the former Seton Hall Prep star. “Not just once in a while, but all the time. It’s one thing if you do that for a game or two, but for him 100 mph is part of his repertoire. It’s not, ‘Will he have it that day?’ He always has it.”, If convicted of aggravated assault, Dumas could be sentenced to up to 20 years in prison and fined up to $10,000., The first point was for his girlfriend, Brittany, and his agent. The second?, The kicker? Much of this "free money" actually will come from . . . our own pockets. After all, the cost of any federal handout is ultimately borne by taxpayers -- and New Yorkers bear a disproportionate share of the federal tax bill., New Year's Celebration at Sushi Roku: 6:30 p.m. Dec. 31. The celebrations includes a pre-set menu of chef favorites. Seatings are between 6:30-7:30 p.m. and 9 and 9:30 p.m. Guests at the later seating enjoy party favors and Champagne at the stroke of midnight. Reservations required. Sushi Roku, The W Scottsdale Hotel & Residences 7373 E. Camelback Road, Scottsdale. $150 per person for the second seating; $125 per person for the first seating. 480-970-2121. www.sushiroku.com/., Oasis Elementary School, where Romero was once a student leader, will hold a car wash in the front parking lot of the school at 7841 W Sweetwater Ave. from 8 to 11 a.m.Saturday, Principal Tom Corcoran said., The fresh signs of economic weakness underscore the challenge for the Federal Reserve as it tries to help the economy with prices rising and the job market weak, said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at Harris Private Bank., "I'm just super proud of him," Trinidad said. For "his courage. For the ultimate sacrifice he gave to the country.", Montee said her audit found that the former board members allegations were mostly accurate. The audit pointed out that much of the criticism was focused on previous employees and board members., Mr. Decker's description of the Fletcher Hills Community Center elaborates on that point., The customers in the Kensington Circus Pub push away from their grub. For the next two hours, they'll get the best free bluegrass beyond Hardly Strictly, which, by the way, all five regularly play., MSU won the inaugural event last year when MSU assistant coach Ryan Brehm birdied the first playoff hole., None of these problems get resolved unless we pay a price, as the Greatest Generation did for the larger good. It's a matter of acting now so we have a better world in the future., "It's not a library that would work anywhere else," Jones said., "People like asking somebody for something they are looking for," Toole explained to me once. "If I like the same music, then we're sharing something that's a great love.'', You did not "summon his death." Your father's body was wearing out, which is a part of the natural order of things. His dying was that process, which followed a long and most productive life. I think too often, humanity in today's world has been programmed to strive for cutting edge treatments. The medical industry promotes this mentality, as does the pharmaceutical business., Photo courtesy of Michelle Humphrey, Lynch-Ford asked anyone with information to contact Lakewood Detective Steven Wexler at (732) 363-0200 or Ocean County Prosecutor's Detective Tom Tiernan at (732) 929-2027., “We got a great quarterback and a receiving corps,” Finley said. “Fifty-eight seconds is almost too much time.”, The Blazers have little time to clean up the mess as they face the Washington Wizards, who beat Portland at the Rose Garden earlier this season, on Saturday., That's gotta hurt., Price: Dips, kebabs and sausage, $6; vegetables and salads, $8 to $11; seafood, $12 to $16; meats, $10 to $16; flatbreads, $12 to $14; desserts, $5 to $8. Corkage fee, $25., Camp Name: Parkway West Youth Soccer Camp, Source: FDA, "I think the loss of jobs from Minnesota is a concern that is shared throughout the state," Bennett said., In Miyagi, with a population of 2.3 million, at least 10,000 residents were killed, police spokesman Go Sugawara told the Associated Press late Sunday., Other major transit projects will still be included on the list, but unless things change, probably not with enough money to fund construction. A transit line to Gwinnett County could receive $100 million for preliminary planning, for example., The unions warmed up earlier today at a rally with Jackson in Camden, where he said a "toxic wind" was sweeping across the United States to wipe out collective bargaining rights. In New Jersey, public sector unions say changes to their health benefits should only be made through collective bargaining., “The referee was getting tired. He couldn’t cover the ground. And I said that to the fourth official, ‘He can’t cover the ground. He’s blowing calls from 50 to 60 yards away,’ " Spencer said. "Poor, poor performance by the referee.", "As I have repeatedly explained, I believe that drug-testing state employees is a common sense means of ensuring a safe, efficient and productive work force," he said. "That is why so many private employers drug-test, and why the public and Florida's taxpayers overwhelmingly support this policy. I respectfully disagree with the court's ruling and will pursue the case on appeal.", Then the funniest thing happened to me. To this day, I don't believe it., During the recession, the Center Club's membership dwindled to a low of 1,554, down from a peak of 2,200 in 1999-2000. More recently, though, membership has picked up, with the total now at 1,921., 2. Edwardsville 34-2 3, oOn the other hand, what if he or she is someone I end up liking immensely? What if someone else I meet has a deep understanding of this industry or is interested in my work, which could lead to more presentations? What if I meet someone who knows someone else who's just the person I've been dying to meet?, oThe others:, Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, which advocates stricter limits on immigration, believes many businesses concerned about E-verify cynically stoked opposition to the bills by emphasizing the enforcement angle., Festus, Beth Anne Steele, FBI spokeswoman, said the BAU agents assisting bring an expertise specific to violent crimes and kidnapping., According to statistics included in Teeter's presentation, small businesses experience nine times the job growth of an average business after receiving assistance from the center. Also, those businesses have a 50 percent better chance of survival than those who do not seek help., O'Fallon Christian coach Dave Meers said it was nice to be able to escape Barat for the third time this season., $400,000: Dollar value of U.S. flags imported in 2010 from countries other than China., Everything flows from the sly audacity of the premise -- rival champions who join forces to become the first male/male pair in figure-skating history. Mr. Ferrell's Chazz Michael Michaels is as frowzily macho as Mr. Heder's Jimmy MacElroy is ethereally fey. And though the plot twists that unite them are ingenious, the genius of the production, directed by Will Speck and Josh Gordon, lies in its performers, who play their ludicrous roles with fervent seriousness. (There's no way of knowing who did what with the script, which is credited to five writers: Craig Cox, Jeff Cox, Busy Philipps, John Altschuler and Dave Krinsky.), The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction lists are always controversial., Eleonore Fouri explains that the area that makes up the city was designated Rancho Buri Buri on a Spanish land grant. In 1856, Charles Lux bought 1,500 acres and, together with his partner, William Miller, started a cattle business that became the largest in the state., The United Staets as a whole lags in speed, coming in 25th behind South Korea, which has the fatest speeds in the world. Even Romania clocks in ahead., "It was a perfect storm," he said. "It was allowed to disintegrate.", What's the link? If you don't regularly brush and floss, tartar builds up on your teeth and irritates your gums. This bacteria-loving tartar turns to plaque, triggering bodywide inflammation. Next, LDL cholesterol-related plaque builds up in your arteries. From there, it's double the chance of heart disease., The principal characters of "The Cat's Table," which debuts Sunday at No. 1 on The Times bestsellers list, experience their own moments of quiet revelation against another important backdrop — this time a ship sailing from the island then called Ceylon to England in the 1950s, loaded with immigrants seeking opportunity. Ondaatje's characters are the humble, ordinary passengers whose lower status sentences them to eat their meals far from the captain's table at the one indicated by the book's title., "Firefighters get orders to risk their lives in buildings that are on fire," Szabo said. "When they get clear orders, they follow them. If Mr. Hastings had followed up with an actual opinion that it was illegal, I'm thinking the fire chief would have ordered it to stop. And our guys would have followed that order.", The results are the kinds of shots you’ve seen Dirk hit throughout his brilliant postseason, and these shots will undoubtedly make the city of Miami curse his name nightly over the next two weeks., School candidates are still spending heavily in one aspect of their campaigns: advertising. Communication-related expenses make up 70 percent of reported spending in school elections., B League Tournament, The radioactive byproducts from the plant were transported to a 22-acre open storage site by the airport starting in 1946 and continuing through the 1950s. Some contaminated products were buried near Coldwater Creek, the western border of the waste site., "Yesterday was a heartbreaker," GO! President Nancy Lieberman said. "We live for race day, so we really felt their pain. But today is a really good day, to see so many people smiling across the finish line. And it always makes me feel good when a St. Louisan wins. Jackie made the Olympic trials and had a great race there, then decides to run with us. It's gratifying.", CarMax, which operates more than 105 stores that mainly sell used cars and trucks in 54 markets, also announced it will hold its annual meeting June 25 in Richmond, where shareholders will elect four members to its board., The union says that those trainers would have said the use of deadly force -- and prior beanbag shots against Campbell -- fell within bureau policy., Impromptu sparring matches break out "all the time. There have been broken (lamps), broken windows and it wasn't just us. It was our dad, too," said Nathan Kraisser, who has one older brother, three younger brothers and two younger sisters. "Everything is a competition. Grades, football, basketball.", KANSAS CITY, Mo. - In a visit with several hundred Mizzou boosters in Kansas City on Tuesday, Southeastern Conference commissioner Mike Slive reiterated the SEC's welcome to a standing ovation., "I'm just glad to be back," the junior from Hawaii said afterward. "This is more of a family matter, really. ... I just want to get things straight with my family first before I think about anything else.", To pitching coach Larry Rothschild, Kuroda showed the telltale signs of nerves., William Saroyan, the daring young writer from Fresno, lived and wrote in the Inner Sunset, drank in the city's bars, roamed its streets -- "every block a short story, every hill a novel," he said. In his classic play "The Time of Your Life," set in a San Francisco saloon, he proclaimed his mantra: "In the time of your life, live, so that in that wondrous time you shall not add to the misery and sorrow of the world, but shall smile to the infinite variety and mystery of it.", TE Jake Ballard, "It is a heavy lift but it is the right thing to do for Minnesota," Bagley said., Leroy H. Ford Jr., 25, was arrested after a short foot chase and charged with obstruction of justice, resisting arrest, unlawful possession of a handgun, receiving stolen property and being a certain person not to have a weapon., My girlfriend was confronted by a robber with a knife before the "stand your ground" law was enacted. She tried to flee, which was the law then, and was stabbed in the back multiple times and almost died., Notes: Figures shown are for Sacramento residents 16 and older. Median income for <U+0093>everyone else<U+0094> shown above only includes those in the labor force., EAA schools will have an 11-month school year, a longer school day and each student will have an individualized learning plan and the opportunity to progress through school at her or his own pace., oKari Levine isn't worried that her two other engaged friends will steal her Pinterest-procured idea of pinking-sheared napkins cut from vintage fabrics, even though they follow one another on the site and swap finds. Levine, a customer care manager, is getting hitched on a farm in Glen Oaks, N.Y.; her friends are going the more traditional, catering hall route., RE: Well look, I have given you what I have in public. Look, you already know what you are going to do and so here's what we got. You are going to decide to narrow the definition of transparent. I stood in front of people. This is not like, by way of reference, in contrast to draw the definition even clearer. Neither the water issue or the speed cameras was a no-bid contract. Nothing could be more public. Nothing., 126 Clement St. (near Second Avenue), San Francisco; (415) 750-9787 or chapeausf.com., Kalis (6-5, 305), regarded as one of the top junior linemen in the country, also wanted to play for Jim Tressel, who resigned Monday. That's why Kalis' first reaction was to pull back his oral, non-binding commitment with Ohio State, which he announced last September., empty., - Major Wisconsin unions that had endorsed Kathleen Falk in the Democratic primary for governor are now backing the winner Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett., Martin said they remained friends after the divorce, recognizing their son needed both parents. But Trayvon's shooting death in late February at the hands of an armed Neighborhood Watch volunteer "has brought us closer," he said., 40. Milwaukee, But the easiest tanking decision comes when there is a great player available at No. 1, and potential franchise players behind him, too., He was traded to Charlotte as part of a package deal in February of 2011 for Gerald Wallace, but played only five games with the Bobcats because of right knee pain. Przybilla twice ruptured his right patella - once in a December 2009 game, then again while slipping in the shower in March of 2010., Many in the Heat organization thought James should have won the award a year ago as well, when he dealt with constant fallout from "The Decision" to leave the Cleveland Cavaliers as a free agent and sign with Miami, where he, Wade and Chris Bosh formed a "Big Three" that has been celebrated at home and reviled in just about every other NBA arena., After her offensive heroics, she was still left with an inning left of work on the mound. After giving up a walk and a sacrifice bunt to put the tying run on second base, Sutherland-Finch struck out the next two batters to end the game., “We don’t sell cheap paint,” Mrs. T. reminds as she clambers and climbs, knowing that the customer has only the dollars in her purse to spend., Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg were on the bill at the music festival, in Indio, Calif., where Eminem made a guest appearance, but it was Shakur's that had everyone talking. A fair share of the U.S. and worldwide Twitter trends last night were devoted to the set, headed by "That Tupac ..." as in "That Tupac hologram is so real it's scary.", Indeed. Until last fall, Bell spent his days at Starbucks writing computer code for Gremln. Now, after six months in the Capital Innovators program, he's demonstrating a finished software tool and making a polished pitch to investors., "Opus" — Redtwist Theatre, Lawmakers say they would have to approve any restructuring plan, though the exact process this one might take is unclear., John Bundy, Anthony DeMarco*, Katherine Gallagher, John Patta*, Ron Van Kirk, Mysteries and thrillers offer built in tension., NOTES: Choo returned to the lineup after sitting out since April 24 with a groin injury. ... White Sox manager Robin Ventura said that Dylan Axelrod is likely start one game of Chicago's doubleheader at Cleveland on Monday unless he is used in a long relief outing before then., Position: SG Height/Weight: 6-5/220 NBA experience: Two seasons 2010-11 salary: $5,765,000 Contract status: Entering the second season of a five-year deal, Wesley Matthews is set to make $6,135,160 in 2011-12., Hayes told The Plain Dealer last month that Alutiiq doesn't meet the federal requirement that the Cleveland center be run by a small business. Jana Turvey, a spokeswoman for Alutiiq's parent company, Afognak Native Corp., declined to take any questions about the Cleveland situation., Printmaker extraordinaire and wildman Tom Huck was responsible for a cookin' New Year's Eve Party at Matt Strauss' White Flag Projects. Last night (Tuesday, Feb. 10), he was the honoree and chief exhibit of another party that was several rungs above average. Susan Barrett of RKL Consulting threw a party for the completion of the second print of the triptych "The Transformation of Brandy Baghead" at Evil Prints Studio, Huck's workshop on Vandeventer. (Jeff Hartz and Philip Slein, Huck's two local dealers, were co-hosts.), 22. Dre' Kirkpatrick, CB, Alabama, 6-1, 186. His arrest following the season on marijuana charges -- the charges were later dropped -- still troubles teams as does the fact he had no interceptions this past season. Saban rode him hard to keep him focused during his career with the Crimson Tide, so some wonder how he'll be with a hefty paycheck in the NFL. But his size, speed and big frame are too much for many defensive coordinators to pass on., Last words: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Beatysaid, his lips quivering as he lay on the death gurney awaiting the injection of a lethal three-drug cocktail. "God will let you see her again.", Winsway is a major supplier of imported coal used for making steel in China and the largest supplier of Mongolian coal into China., Sarah Baldwin, and her partner, Heather Sowell, were at the courthouse at 6:30 a.m. to assure they got the first license issued. Baldwin, 35, began crying when the license was handed to her by a county employee, who asked if she could have a picture taken with the couple., On the boys’ side, the MCT gets under way as Nottingham and Hamilton West battle in the tournament’s lone play-in game, which must be played by Saturday. The survivor will then take on top-seed Hopewell Valley May 12., PARSIPPANY — Stepping up its fight to end a nearly 40-year-old agreement, Jersey City is refusing to pay a $415,000 bill that would be its first installment for two improvement projects at a sewage treatment plant in Parsippany that serves nine Morris County towns., "But they say that third time is the charm, so I interviewed for a front-line phone representative position, and that's what landed me my role with USAA.", "Ho, everyone who thirsts," Greenhaw began, then stopped. He looked up at the choir he was preaching to. "Everyone who thirsts," he repeated, emphasizing the word "everyone." "Everyone who thirsts.", The Telegraph Fire was reported about 1:50 p.m. Wednesday on Telegraph Mountain and, as of 7 p.m., was burning 3 miles south of Picketpost Mountain outside Superior, according to David Albo, a Tonto National Forest spokesman., Not unless those two other guys Mattingly mentioned -- Ethier and Loney -- really are going to sit a ton against left-handers. And I don’t see that happening, not unless they bomb against lefties the first two months., Other critical violations included food held at improper temperatures (it was discarded) and a cook observed washing hands for less than 10 seconds (an inspector discussed proper hand-washing practices)., The would-be suicide bomber, based in Yemen, had not yet picked a target or bought a plane ticket when the CIA stepped in and seized the bomb, officials said. It’s not immediately clear what happened to the alleged bomber., The Cavs go into an off-season full of fear and loathing. At the final buzzer, James' three-year, $42 million contract officially ended., We had one goal. Raise money to help DNR expand its turkey transplant program. And we did. We paid DNR's turkey trappers, led by Gary Nelson. We paid for corn food plots on private farmland in turkey habitat. In the early going, the money raised by this one NWTF chapter was arguably DNR's entire turkey management budget., Four years ago, blue-collar voters strongly favored Hillary Rodham Clinton over Obama in the Democratic primaries, and a majority of the white working class backed Republican John McCain in the general election., At least this time, viola player Max Raimi found a bright side to the constant gridlock, observing: “You couldn’t have a drive-by shooting here.”, The sixth-seeded Devils scored twice in the first period and became the first East team to win four straight games in these playoffs. They missed the playoffs last year for the first time since 1996. They knocked off Florida in the first round and had an easier time than expected eliminating the Flyers., oThe 5D Mark III is the stunning - and pricey at $3,499 - sequel to the $2,200 5D Mark II, an SLR aimed at professionals and serious hobbyists that totally revolutionized video when it was released in 2008., Bencivengo has faced mounting criticism to resign or take a leave of absence from his post as mayor of New Jersey's ninth largest municipality -- a job that pays him $108,211 annually. He remains free on $100,000 unsecured bail and returned to work on Monday after being taken into custody on Thursday morning., While Canterbury's attendance remains healthy -- last season drew a record average of 6,143 fans -- wagering on its races has declined steadily since its peak in 2006. That has cut into purses, which are funded by a percentage of wagering and revenues from the track's card club., The other individual Class 3 champions were: Noah Teaney (Oak Park) at 103, Nate Rodriquez (Neosho) at 119, Skylar Wood (Platte County) at 125, Cain Salas (Oak Park) at 135, Carter Boatright (Neosho) at 140, Brian Haynes (Oak Park) at 145, Blake Stauffer (Neosho) at 171, Dallas Smith (Neosho) at 189, Justin Heberlie (Farmington) at 215 and Cole Rogers (Warrensburg) at 285., Maryland's gas tax is currently 23.5 cents per gallon. Mr. O'Malley has proposed to add the Maryland's 6 percent sales tax to it, adding 18 cents per gallon at today's fuel prices. This tax will bite the wallet of everybody in Maryland, specifically the poorest among us, who are struggling to get to work, get their kids to school, and buy groceries., "It is quite possible that a certain level of economic activity that would have taken place, did not take place," he said, noting that some area residents may have avoided downtown over the weekend of the event and other that live right on the track may have left town. "That should have been modeled or at least discussed.", At Align Pilates in Minneapolis, noses drip with sweat, muscles quiver with exhaustion, and Beyoncé blares from the speakers as class instructor Adrienne Fitzmaurice affirms what everyone is thinking:, MINUSES: Pumpkin Curry is on the bland side., Bucking bales 11 hours a day at a ranch near Soledad, they share quarters with the cowboy Slim (a deft turn by Chad Deverman), the callous Carlson (Michael Ray Wisely) and the kindly old Candy (Gary Martinez), who lost a hand working on the farm and got $250 in compensation. The ranch hands have been hardened by their way of life, but still try to eke out a few moments' pleasure. They play cards, tell tall tales and gawk at the boss's daughter-in-law (Lena Hart) -- the only unnamed character in the story -- while avoiding her hotheaded husband, Curley (Harold Pierce)., As he stood sweating in the hot San Diego sun with a large adidas duffle bag slung over his shoulder, Vest said there was only one thing he really wanted now. "A shower.", Calling Crundwell "very crafty," the mayor said, "It seemed like she knew just how to leave enough money in there to keep paying the bills and limping along.", Since the tax break's inception, GSA has granted it for 15 projects by seven different contractors and has one application pending, Elkington said. None involved the 19 percent giveback., May's average temperature is 71.8. Only twice during the month has snow fallen in a measurable amount (1923 and 1989)., 4. In a medium bowl, mix the remaining 1/3 cup brown sugar, milk, oil, lemon zest and egg. Stir in the remaining crushed cereal. Add flour, baking powder and salt; and mix just until just moistened. Gently stir in blueberries. Divide batter evenly among muffin cups. Sprinkle with topping mixture., Dr. David Miller, a family medicine specialist, is a member of St. Anthony's Physician Organization. He practices at Kirkwood Family Medicine, 10296 Big Bend Blvd., Suite 111, in Kirkwood, 314-543-5943. For a referral to any St. Anthony's physician, call 314-ANTHONY (268-4669) or 1-800-554-9550., The bombers blew themselves up in Shabqadar at the main gate of the facility for the Frontier Constabulary, a poorly equipped but front-line force in the battle against al-Qaida and allied Islamist groups like the Pakistani Taliban close to the Afghan border. Like other branches of Pakistan's security forces, it has received U.S. funding to try to sharpen its skills., Almost 200 dogs, with owners in tow, were out in Baldwin Park for the fifth annual race, which pits golden retrievers against border collies, French bulldogs versus Boston terriers and pugs competing with dachshunds., After President Barack Obama decided to move G-8 to Camp David, Thayer's group applied to move its march to Sunday. The city turned the group down, arguing that because NATO has more members than G-8, the logistical concerns of crowd and traffic control were too complicated to allow such a march in the heart of the Loop., 2 thick broccoli stalks (see Tips), If the councilman continues to buck the union, Tyndale warns, it will find someone to run against him: "If we don't fix the relationship, we don't want him on the council.", The council already owns the 3,500 acre InterTribal Sinkyone Wilderness next to the state park, but Four Corners is a coveted location. It is at the historic intersection of what were once probably Indian trails and are now Briceland-Whitethorn Road and Usal Road. It is believed to have been a tribal meeting place for 1,000 years., The Sundance London festival runs Friday to Sunday at London's O2 Arena., Stiles, 62, was arrested at her home in Pine City on Thursday. Her first court appearance is Friday afternoon. If convicted of second-degree manslaughter, she faces up to 10 years in prison and $20,000 in fines., On Tuesday, like in a Hollywood epic, the Loire River swarmed with wooden boats filled with locals dressed in medieval garb — re-enacting Joan of Arc's legendary entry into the city in 1429., $50: Pays for one medical health maintenance appointment for a person without health insurance., He praised the university as it conducts the summit for a fifth year and its African-American Male Initiative started last year., "I have long supported efforts in Congress to advocate federal policies that recognize the scientific evidence and clinical research demonstrating the medical benefits of medicinal marijuana (and) that respects the wishes of the states in providing relief to ill individuals," she said., Oct. 7 Seattle, 4:05, Told about Mr. Loughner's behavior in other classes, including talking about "strapping bombs to babies," Mr. McGahee said, "It seemed obvious to me that he had mental problems, that he was disconnected from the class, that he lived in his own mind. It was like he was playing a scene from a movie in his own mind. He was speaking language X and everyone else was speaking language Y.", 8 p.m. on CNBC, CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Third Federal Savings and Loan and federal regulators have agreed to a framework for the Cleveland banking company to clear up concerns over its loan portfolio., Replacement strategies, Despite the exoneration on the murder count, Jackson still faces significant prison time because the jury convicted her of attempted murder., <U+0093>This survey will ease concerns that the softer tone of the incoming news in recent months marked the start of a renewed slowdown in growth,<U+0094> Paul Dales, an economist at Capital Economics, said in a note to clients. <U+0093>We think the latest recovery is made of sterner stuff, although we doubt it will set the world alight.<U+0094>, "The new regulations that are coming down are quite burdensome, honestly," Lochmann said. "And for a small community bank like us, it required a lot of wearing a lot of hats by the management team and really by everyone here. I know that at least in the time I've been here, all the promotions have come from within. I started the teller line and was basically in the core group of employees. A lot of tellers have had other jobs. We've always worn many hats and we continue to do so.", "Seller financing is now something which has become necessary in the current real estate market," Tayek said, adding that the diocese received fair market value for the buildings, which were professionally appraised and marketed by several real estate brokerages., They were persuasive. I decided that my job was done at OLPC: I made the laptop they said couldn't be made and, if we could get this technology into other devices, I could solve the next big problems. The laptop was groundbreaking in the power reduction it achieved, key because all kids in Africa don't have steady access to power., She called the cheesecake swirl "heavy, definitely a stand-in" for the real thing., oUnfortunately, my Vikings have gotten off to a tough start this season, so maybe we can get Minnesota vibes heading in the right direction. The Vikings have always been a passion for me. I've loved them since I was probably in kindergarten. I remember as a kid following them in the Sunday paper, reading all the articles., She testified that Elizabeth Edwards had known about her husband's affair with Rielle Hunter before The National Enquirer made it public. Hers was the most stirring testimony of the day at Edwards' trial on corruption charges, as prosecutors worked to build a timeline of the affair and efforts to cover it up., o"Hopefully, things will remain stable and people will be able to go back," she says. Archaeology in Iraq remains difficult, she acknowledges. The dig was only possible because the site was near an airbase in a guarded region of one of the quieter parts of the troubled country., "It's one of the sneakiest fees in the industry," said George Hobica, founder of Airfarewatchdog. He notes that Spirit lists the generic-sounding "passenger usage fee" along with the government-imposed taxes and fees. "It's very disingenuous. It does look like some unavoidable fee.", Some experts don't think there's a lot to be worried about for the vast majority of institutions., So what’s Wilson’s explanation? Did she think she had the winning ticket? Was she playing a gag?, But this might be a good time for Oregon coach Vin Lananna to take the wraps off, say, mid-distance runners Mac Fleet and Elijah Greer, if they're healthy. And it's possible we'll see elite professional throwers such as Britney Henry (hammer) and Cyrus Hostetler (javelin)., The state Assembly Committee on Public Safety, which is chaired by Jersey City Assemblyman Charles Mainor, is holding its April meeting tomorrow at New Jersey City University in Jersey City., Old news: Road Rant's 2011 Watch List is now online., Although she admits that she cannot move much more than 20 continuous feet without stopping to rest, she still somehow finds the strength to consume 12,000 calories daily., As a result, he said, the police department conducted a saturation patrol in the area and arrested Mollinedo on Friday afternoon., Any team that struggles to sell out each Sunday might be interested. Those teams would include Jacksonville, Miami, Tampa Bay, Cincinnati, Buffalo, San Diego and Oakland, "He was a leader that was not deterred by dangers or wars" who "laid the foundations for Israel's superiority in … advanced technology," President Shimon Peres said in a statement after Schwimmer's death., In a large saute pan, add 2 tablespoons of olive oil. When the pan is hot, add the chicken a few pieces at a time. Do not overlap chicken. Brown each piece quickly on both sides, about 30 seconds per side, making sure the heat is on high. When all pieces are browned, add Marsala. (Caution: It may flame up!) Turn heat down to medium and simmer for about 30 seconds until wine has evaporated. Add butter, mushrooms, yellow and green onions (can substitute chives), parsley, salt and pepper. Do not cover. Simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. If ingredients are too dry, add chicken broth or water to create a rich and creamy consistency., Laylan Connelly, For more information, call 636-397-2227., If this episode is any indication, it’s going to be a really, really long season., Neither of the boys have returned to school. Sergio Celis said they have been working with the school and hopes they'll be able to return sometime next week and catch up with their school work before summer., Several media outlets identified the surfer as Jacob Trette, 30, of Orange County. His hometown has been given as Laguna Beach and San Clemente., COHESION WITH HIS STAFF, And later that same year, Wyden and Republican Sen. Scott Brown of Massachusetts joined on legislation to allow states to opt out of the federal health care reforms if they could guarantee equal quality of coverage and care. Democrats quietly fumed and the White House was initially mute. But later Obama backed that idea and it passed., As for both candidates' stance on jobs in America: If either owned a business that could provide a more lucrative bottom line by being moved overseas, their American employees would be immediately pink-slipped. Ask them; they would probably tell you it's just "good business.", Kara Bowlin, Slay's press secretary, acknowledged that Bradley may have broken city policies barring employees from using work equipment for political or personal gain, but said she did not expect Bradley to be disciplined., "You're saying if I didn't (stink) so bad, it could have been different?" Stokley said, as he waited in the Quarterback Challenge line., MAYS LANDING -- A southern New Jersey woman charged in the fatal carjacking of an Atlantic City casino patron has pleaded guilty to murder and other charges in return for a 30-year prison sentence with no chance of parole., Monee Gardner, 36, who competed on a team with her husband for the second time, said the experience is so much fun., Parents are remarkably bad at detecting their children's lies. In experimental studies of preschoolers, parents were able to detect accurately when their children were lying only 53% of the time—a little better than chance, according to a 2010 study led by Dr. Talwar. That falls to 33% by the time their kids are 6 to 8 years old. And parents of 9- to 11-year-olds have only about a 1 in 4 chance of knowing when their kids are lying., Meyer promises to continue cooking in a similar style to what he did at Ned Ludd, but with the addition of a deep fryer, which means there will be pub grub like pork rinds, sweet onion rings and "Freedom Fries" on the menu., Isner seems to have a chance to follow in Agassi's footsteps. He has grinded his way to No. 11 in the ATP rankings, second to Mardy Fish. Since the beginning of the year, he's claimed victories over Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer. His makes him a likely candidate for the U.S. Olympic team in London, where he would relish the chance to play singles, doubles and mixed doubles., 9. Prove It All Night, That's the message Adams will deliver to Multnomah County Chairman Jeff Cogen at 5:30 p.m. today in their first face-to-face meeting since tensions between the city and county surfaced publicly three weeks ago. In a stinging Sept. 14 letter, Cogen accused Adams of making "an ever changing assortment of additional demands" toward the Sellwood project that were "seemingly designed not to reach a deal but rather to drag on the negotiations indefinitely.", "A lot of women are being overtreated," he said. "Can we spare them that?", "We want to know who they are, the individuals, who the members of the family are, who they hang out with, where they travel -- basically everything about them," Schulman-Janiger said., Position: PG Height/Weight: 6-2/185 NBA experience: One season 2011-12 salary: $1,306,920 Contract status: Entering the second season of his rookie contract, Smith is set to make $1,365,720 in 2012-13., President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron had front-row seats to see the tournament open with a ragged game that had an engrossing finish., She knelt, hands in the water, as a little boy showed his latest moves., India's foreign minister, S.M. Krishna, said Iran must live up to its obligations to remain free of nuclear weapons, but said it remains "a key country for our energy needs.", Who's on the hot seat?, Fountain Hills' young baseball team trailed 6-3 in the fifth inning when its cleanup hitter, Nick Wojtysiak, drilled a Zack Miller pitch over the right field wall for two runs. Then, in the seventh inning, Fountain Hills tied the game after a sacrifice bunt by designated hitter Randy Bryniarski with the bases loaded and one out., On another political issue, Obama said Democrats will have a "better story" than Republicans to tell female voters in the November election., Townes said he hadn’t seen Houston in years, but said the family was not worried that she had relapsed into drug use in recent months, despite reports painkillers were found in the hotel room where Houston died: "I think she had overcome her obstacles in life., 382 Number of CEOs who received club membership in 2008-09, Gil most recently performed in a Gershwin tribute concert that included performances from world-renown soprano Jessye Norman, and the University of Michigan Symphony Orchestra. He has performed and recorded live on Interlochen Public Radio with composer-pianist Bob James and can be frequently heard at local restaurants in Ann Arbor with his trio. He hopes to forge careers in both music and business in the near future., By Ruth Stiles Gannett, He resigned Jan. 18, the day before waiving indictment by a grand jury and pleading guilty to theft of government property and making a false statement to a federal officer., WASHINGTON, D.C. - The result of Wednesday's House of Representatives debate was never in doubt. Nobody expected Congress would approve Rep. Dennis Kucinich's resolution ordering President Obama to withdraw U.S. troops from Afghanistan by year's end., NEWARK — A city man admitted today in federal court to conspiring to commit carjackings between November 2010 and February 2011 in order to profit from the resale of vehicles, use the cars to carjack other vehicles and take items from passengers, said federal authorities, citing documents filed in the case and court statements., The Art of Shaving was created by Myriam Zaoui, a French-born cosmetics chemist who in 1996 cooked up balms in her kitchen to sooth her husband Eric Malek's razor rash. The couple sold their car for $12,000 to open a shop in the Upper East Side of New York City, then hit pay dirt signing a barber from the famous British shop Truefitt & Hill to offer shaves. Once that hit the front page of the New York Times, lines to get in stretched out the door., "I was shaking, trembling, crying — I just couldn't sing in front of people. Couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't. I needed to go very slowly until I could win that battle. That was the hardest one to win., "My favorite one," she said, "was a hotel in Virginia that had all these negative ratings on Yelp -- cockroaches, hookers in the neighborhood, that sort of thing -- and they were paying Turkers four bucks to read about the hotel online and write a 4-star review, even though they'd never set foot in the place.", -- Airport Parking Reservations (www.airportparkingreservations.com), "Growth in China has moderated, as was intended, and is likely to remain at a more measured and sustainable pace in the future," Mr. Stevens added., Fortunately for the district, all the candidates pledge that win or lose, they'll stay engaged in the community. District 2 is vital to the city; the larger the leadership pool, the better., "He's ready to move up," Veach's mechanic, Ron Weaver, said. "He's mature enough, talented enough. He's not perfect, but he has learned enough to get in a more powerful car., Ultraviolet rays are damaging to wines and can shock the color out of some. Even if kept at a low temp, wines are not fond of light. Forget storing them on the kitchen counter., What a king! I'd be ruler of all that I see!, Seeking a smaller, faster computer chip, the company couldn't find a way to peel back metals from one layer without damaging other tiny, delicate structures. It couldn't interest its vendors in coming up with a solution, so it turned to one of its young Hillsboro engineers, Nabil Mistkawi., Tweeting frenzy, But this derelict structure is now seen as a future centerpiece for the growing midtown arts district. A nonprofit developer, backed financially by the Maryland Institute College of Art and a private foundation, envisions the Art Deco building as the home of film screenings, music venues, artists' studios, galleries, a playhouse and a restaurant., The show was packed with filler -- a montage whose theme seemed to be "movies we liked years ago"; a compilation of actors talking about the first movies they saw; and a 5-minute performance by Cirque du Soleil (introduced by Kermit and Miss Piggy) that had only the remotest connection to the subject at hand., Asked how he thought Newt Gingrich would do among New Jersey voters, Christie said the former Speaker of the House can’t help but make himself the center of attention and that Garden State voters have a long memory., A:So many things, just the excitement. Police work was fun. It was challenging, so I will miss the challenge. Every call was different. Police work definitely keeps you young., HPWC Morrow 7, Liberty FC 2, Bivens, who is researching an application to place the building on the National Register, asked the Marianist order, which operates Vianney, to donate Brownhurst to the Landmarks Commisssion. The Marianists say the house is a safety danger., Gene Carroll, Yesterday we asked Yahoo employees to tell how angry are they, exactly?, She touches his arm, then his forehead and leans over to press her lips to his brow., In Damascus, workers were paving over two massive craters caused by the bombs that struck a Syrian military compound Thursday. The attack, which also wounded more than 370 people. Security forces armed with Kalashnikov rifles were guarding the compound Friday., Spain had the better chances as the game went on, with Sergio Ramos hitting a header over the bar in the 77th minute. The Dutch had a great opportunity in the 62nd minute, when Wesley Sneijder split the Spanish defense and put the ball into the path of Arjen Robben, who blasted a shot that goalkeeper Iker Casillas blocked with his feet., "We try to have a diverse range of clients," Luker said. "Right now we're just really going for great clients. Great clients who want to collaborate on doing great work.", Then last month, Cohen needed to visit the dentist, and the bill was going to cost a few thousand dollars. She applied for credit with the dentist, and again, it was denied because her credit report showed she is deceased., The ruling marks the latest turn in a case that impacts the VA's handling of mental health care for hundreds of thousands of returning war veterans, many suffering from PTSD, depression and other fallout from combat in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan., That was more than obvious when the starters for the Eastern Conference were introduced before the All-Star Game, and Rose just stood by, watching LeBron James, Dwight Howard, Dwyane Wade and Carmelo Anthony, who were trying to get the crowd going with some dips and shakes on center stage., Clark said it was time for a "come-to-Jesus meeting where we can sit down at a workshop and hear about compensation for employees, what is mandated by some kind of legislation and what is discretionary.", Wine sampler. Riverside Wine & Imports, 911 N. Mantua St., Kent, hosts a wine tasting, 1-4 p.m. Saturday. Cost: $10, including light appetizers. Call 330-677-4400., 12 thin slices day-old French bread, Current numbers would result in a GAC North small-school conference that would include Orchard Farm (433 students), Winfield (555), St. Charles (950), St. Charles West (1,019) and Warrenton (939)., Romney is the one facing stubborn doubts from some conservatives for his changed positions on social issues, but he tried to portray Santorum, a former Pennsylvania senator, as a Washington insider with cracks in his own conservative credentials. Santorum called such criticism "laughable" and said Michigan, where Romney was born and raised and his father was governor, was winnable., It wasn't quite the unifying message the more politically moderate Bush, who liked to invoke a vision of a "thousand points of light," wanted to convey., His wife and children are at the head of the list, as they should be., BYU also issued a statement saying it was pleased the case had been resolved., Grade 10 — Tyler Barrett, *Jared Bogdan, Amber Dey, Amy Dupuis, *Grace Ebner, James Eick, *James Evans, *Cayley Hoyer, Alessandra Johnson, Ashley Luster, *Jessica MacGregor, *Julia Maier, Sarah McCaffrey, Daniel McGuckin, *Tiffany Moran, *Danielle Mundhenk, Joseph Quinn, Jessica Ramsin, William Singleton, Woravan Tangtrakul, Aaron Weber and *Lauren Wendeborn., As a first-time cruiser, I knew the staterooms would be small, but the reality of three people trying to unpack in such a tiny space made me claustrophobic., Hack time, * The four center fielders with a higher career slugging percentage than Edmonds are all in Cooperstown or headed there: Joe DiMaggio, Ken Griffey Jr., Willie Mays and Earl Averill. For OPS, add Tris Speaker, a Hall of Famer. For OPS+, add Larry Doby, another Hall of Famer., "TicketNetwork has over 400 dedicated employees and remains fully committed to maintaining a positive work environment for them,'' the statement said., Per sandwich: 563 calories, 46 g protein, 28 g carbohydrate, 30 g fat (5 g saturated), 110 mg cholesterol, 414 mg sodium, 4 g fiber., Though there is no immediate effect until the hearing is concluded, spokesman Peter Aseltine said, just about all the Alcotests use the Control Company thermometer, he said., In the final days before the vote, members of President Barack Obama's cabinet expressed support for gay marriage and former President Bill Clinton recorded phone messages urging voters to oppose the amendment., “Colon pitched really well. He hit his spots, but we just got to him in the seventh,” Capone said. “They are a great team, but we just wanted it that much more at the end.”, After struggling offensively through the first half, the Bombers scored three times in the second half to lock up a 28-8 victory. The win was Burroughs' eighth in a row., Dismissing the "hypocrisy" of Lautenberg’s comments, Norcross said, "Aside from the absurdity of his comments, it’s interesting to note that he never expressed these sentiments when he literally begged for South Jersey’s support in all of his campaigns for re-election.", But not without checks, balances, accountability and transparency., Russo has no hiring requirements and no compensation plan, allowing for salary discrepancies, according to the report., Denham, Jeff, R-Merced: none., "If it's found unconstitutional, it will directly threaten the viability of the solar industry in this state," Swillinger said., All-mail voting, On Thursday, Caine and his dad and Mallick sent the entirety of Caine's cardboard arcade in a big rig up to the Exploratorium, a hands-on children's science museum in San Francisco., Dinner 5-10 p.m. nightly; bar open until 2 a.m. Full bar. Reservations and credit cards accepted. Difficult street parking., If Mr. Ehrlich had done a more thorough investigation, he would have discovered that the situation is due almost entirely to a failure to purge records to account for persons who have died or moved away from the voting district. Time and again, we have been presented with evidence that actual voter fraud, that is citizens purporting to be someone else when appearing at the voting booth, has been virtually nonexistent in the U.S. for decades., Being able to lead a company where I've spent the majority of my adult life and majority of my professional career is great. I say to people, "What am I going to complain about?" I feel like I have support of the people that I've worked with for the last 25 years. I think I have support of the investing public, because I've shown a willingness to not only go with the status quo., What else: Even if you're not a thrill seeker, it's fun to watch the splashdown of Humunga Kowabunga, a five-story body slide that also could be called the wedgie-maker., Her ailments include being hard of hearing, difficulty walking and pulmonary lung disease she acquired from smoking, which Brucks refers to as "50 years of stupidity." Although she's connected to an oxygen machine most of the day, Brucks doesn't let anything slow her down., “Ashley has turned it around,” Scarola said. “She knows she had to take on more of a vocal role and I knew she had it in her. It’s great to watch high school kids finally realize they had it in them and they all of a sudden take it upon themselves to do that.”, No reason was given for the resignation by Downey. Calls to Downey and Susanna Niermann O’Neil, the vice city manager, were not returned., OXFORD, Ohio — Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger has graduated from Miami University in southwest Ohio, about nine years after leaving for the NFL., The state's highest court will decide today on what kind of supervision people should get who have been found not guilty by reason of insanity., A: Yeah, well, I've been lucky in that regard., Matheny said: "There's no question there's been change. And after a team finished like they did, I'm sure nobody was looking for change. It's a cliche, but with change comes opportunity. There was an opportunity that put me in this position, and an opportunity that has promoted Derek Lilliquist as pitching coach. I just don't get too caught up in it. New things arise all the time, and I don't think it will ever stop.", Position: Center, The elaborate scam she pulled off with Gerald Sullivan, her fast-talking husband who also served as auctioneer, is not a pretty picture., 1113 Washington Av #608, $127,500, In Tremont, two-way traffic has been reduced to one lane on the Abbey Avenue bridge, which links Tremont with Ohio City. That single lane becomes westbound only, starting in mid-May, and will remain that way for four months as crews make pedestrian- and bicycle-friendly improvements to the span, ODOT said., "I won't put up with the macho stuff," she told me one day as I picked herbs and peeled garlic next to her, getting a glimpse of life at this midsize restaurant, which is a physical ode to the Gypsy woman - heavy drapes, funky lighting and flamboyant decor. She's tough, and has burn scars to prove it, but humble. So humble, in fact, that at an earlier point in her career she voluntarily demoted herself from executive chef at one restaurant to line cook at another so she could learn more., The Paspaleys, a multi-generation pearling family, have ventured into the hospitality business, opening the top two hotels in Broome, McAlpine House and Pinctada Cable Beach, and singlehandedly raising the town's standards., TRENTON — Eight community health centers in New Jersey will share more than $18 million in federal grants to expand and improve their operations., After a mini-run by the Buckeyes made it 52-48, Ndidi Madu's 3-pointer started a 7-1 Florida run that pushed the lead to double digits., Within 17 months after taking the job, he has signed legislation establishing the nation’s toughest standards for limiting nutrients from fertilizers that flow into the water, and has helped negotiate the early closing of the Oyster Creek nuclear power plant in Lacey Township, which discharges into the ailing bay., Construction is scheduled to begin in March on the reconstruction of Baxter Road from Claymont Estates Drive to Heathercroft Drive in Chesterfield., As is done routinely in surveys, results were weighted, or adjusted, to ensure that responses accurately reflect the population's makeup by factors such as age, sex, education and race. In addition, the weighting took into account patterns of phone use — landline only, cell only and both types — by region., Baldwin is back on his deck, eyes gleaming as the early spring afternoon fades to twilight. He's still talking, but what we're really hearing is the voice of the late Alexander Baldwin, whose 1983 death has done nothing to diminish his authority over his sons., potential growth driver for Roche from 2014 onwards," said, Karp sometimes strings together (smaller) tangerines or kumquats to make garland. "I've hung strands of oranges from people's chandeliers before," he says. The dramatic touch works especially well near a buffet or drink table, where the featured beverage is a citrusy punch or mimosas., Ryan Pansch had a home run and four RBIs for Washington., Notes: Knicks G Mike Bibby came out of one of his shoes during play early in the second quarter, then was miffed after Wade picked up the sneaker and tossed it out of his reach as New York took the ball into the offensive end. "I don't think many people have done that before," Wade said. ... Heat F Udonis Haslem bought tickets for relatives of Trayvon Martin, the Florida teen who was killed by a neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford, Fla. on Feb. 26. ... Shumpert watched from the locker room. ... It's the first time the Heat have held a 2-0 series lead over the Knicks. All four previous matchups were split after the opening two games., The two dozen protesters at the state’s World War II Memorial have grievances for Trenton Mayor Tony Mack and President Obama — and lots of people in between. Some are upset about cuts to the Trenton police force. Others feel state budget cuts have harmed education. And they share the anger expressed at other camps over government bailouts on Wall Street., The Department of Marketing and Communications at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville recently won seven awards at the 27th Annual Education Advertising Awards Competition. The university received two bronze awards and four merit awards. SIUE was one of 201 institutions recognized. There were more than 2,900 entries from more than 1,000 colleges and secondary schools from across the nation., Alexander said all of those unanswered questions make it nearly impossible to predict if or when any of the competitors will be able to produce a viable alternative to the iPad., The U.S. Coast Guard boarded the ADCO II just after noon on Wednesday after locating five gill nets straddling the Ohio-Ontario line southeast of Middle Sister Island. The Coast Guard was alerted by Homeland Security forces of the illegal fishing activity. Coast Guard officers seized almost 1,000 feet of gill nets and five net anchors, and documented about 350 pounds of walleye in the gill nets., o"They don't have the name recognition, but we really analyzed how Ferris got here," said BC coach Jerry York, who won his fifth title to tie for second on the career list. "They won a league (the Central Collegiate Hockey Association) that sent five teams to the NCAA tournament. You don't just throw your sticks out and win that league.", Our Police and Fire Departments have done a great job with the funding in the past. This funding maintains our services at the level that they need to be at for a community of our size and our needs. Our Police and Fire services in Hillsboro provide excellent service to our community., Both Koester and fellow organizer Lauren Schwark, 18, of Eagan, said they fell in love with slam poetry after watching performances on YouTube., A two-volume publication will also mark the occasion. It will document and assess some 600 of the Friedes' artifacts, about 20 percent of their holdings., "It's just something I grew into and am happy with now," he said, pausing and adding, "Content with, I guess.", Six states -- California, Connecticut, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Maryland and New Jersey -- have adopted binding limits on greenhouse gas emissions, collectively committing to cutting emissions about 13 percent below 2005 levels by 2020. Those limits accounted for about half the projected savings., Jeff Hitpas, general manager of Clean, said workers will "encapsulate" the remains and then resume construction., Giovanna Negretti, executive director of Oiste?, a Massachusetts group that encourages Latinos to run for office, said supporters of Worcester's resolution also plan to attend Tuesday's meeting and will support other city councils that seeks to pass a similar resolution against Arizona., The maintenance building was damaged but is still inhabitable, Van Elgort said., 48. BYU, <U+0095>Perhaps the best-case scenario Harper can target is the debut of Ken Griffey Jr.<U+0097> the first overall pick in 1987 <U+0097> who saw action in 127 games in 1989 and hit .264 with 16 homers, 61 RBI and 16 stolen bases., One union insider said the first reaction to news that one of Whitman's former housekeepers wanted to go public was an elated "Thank you, thank you, thank you.", Richard Yocum, president of the New Jersey Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, said with sufficient volunteers and record-keeping, the method is the only effective, humane and financially feasible option in the state to control the feral cat problem. But not every town is as supportive and some don’t allow the feral colonies., EWING — Gov. Chris Christie today visited HomeFront homeless shelter in Ewing to announce the creation of a council that will develop a 10-year plan aimed at ending homelessness., While more older patients are considered viable candidates for transplants, the total number of hearts available each year has held steady over the last two decades. As a result, giving hearts to older patients means that there are fewer to go around to everybody else., Since most theaters will be happy to sell you tickets in advance, you have your choice of venue, too. The only question - how to "give" tickets as an actual present, suitable for wrapping., Meanwhile, the team shrivels, as do the fans' spirits, but Fisher and Wolff have an incredibly high threshold of pain - the pain of others., 6312 NE 32nd St; 1,008 square feet; on 2/10/2012 for $120,500, My biggest concern about Scottsdale going forward is complacency -- that it will sit back on its laurels., Garza said aspects, though not whole pieces, have been lifted from ExCEL and implemented elsewhere., The bills, which would largely affect future workers, are the Legislature’s attempt to reform a pension system underfunded by, at last count, $46 billion. Public workers say the state is to blame for failing to contribute $9.5 billion to the fund since 2004., Emily Quinnell, who studies social work at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, had to check some small bags at the gate on a recent flight between Minneapolis and Denver. There was no room in the bins. She says airlines should have known that charging for luggage would cause passengers to push the limits of what they can bring on board., A GPS device installed by police on Washington, D.C., nightclub owner Antoine Jones' Jeep and tracked for four weeks helped link him to a suburban house used to stash money and drugs. He was sentenced to life in prison before an appeals court overturned his conviction., Authorities said Moran, 75, bludgeoned his wife to death with a baseball bat after she refused his offer of a kiss, instead raising the issue of counseling again., When people are upset around them, it is important as well to reassure children that the divorce is not their fault. Children still are children and should have adult attention to do what they like to do together. It offers opportunity for them to pose their own questions and concern, rather than assuming a transfer of what parents think bothers them., Ripken, who has known Anderson for 25 years and described him during his Hall of Fame induction speech as "simply my best friend," doesn't doubt that Anderson could do anything he sets his mind to, but he also believes that Brady is much more rooted in the present than you might think., The dropout rate in the district has declined to about 2.3 percent, well below the state's worst showing of 6.4 percent — in Denver., Police arrested Mr. Helwig a short distance away. Mr. Helwig, a firefighter, is facing charges of assault and interfering with an emergency call. His trial is scheduled to begin this summer., Priceline remains the best known opaque agency and its "name your price" bidding model is still unique, as far as I know. And a new online site, TheBiddingTraveler (www.thebiddingtraveler.com) has mounted a beta version of an automated system to help you bid. As with Priceline's own entry page, you list destination, date(s), and hotel rating; the site also asks you for a minimum-to-maximum bidding rate range. When you select a district within a big city, the site displays recent winning and losing bids at specific hotels within each range. The site responds with a "recommended lowball offer" and "recommended final offer" rates, based on recent experience. Then, you can either bid manually or the site will automatically bid for you. Other sites that provide information from other travelers about successful bids, unsuccessful bids, and hotel identities include Better Bidding (www.betterbidding.com) and BiddingForTravel (www.biddingfortravel.com). They're always worth a look before you enter an opaque bid or accept an opaque price., Q: You often hear performers say there are no good roles for women, particularly older women. But you seem busier than ever., The 35-member Senate is losing nine members, while the 65-member House is losing 24. However, some House members are running for the Senate and could be back., oThat was a miscalculation, Krakoff said, because the defendants didn't know each other, which undermined the conspiracy allegation, and they dealt with an undercover agent, not a foreign government official., JAPAN'S CRISIS: The nuclear disaster at the Fukushima plant is eroding years of Japanese efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions blamed for global warming, as power plants running on oil and natural gas fill the electricity gap left by now-shuttered nuclear reactors., (The film has already opened in New York. Next Friday it will open in Los Angeles, then play theaters in other major cities. In addition, it will be available, starting January 27th, via video on demand. You can find out if it's being carried by your cable provider by checking the IFC Films Web site at ifcfilms.com.), Real deal: The cornmeal tempeh plate ($11) is so loaded with quinoa, pinto beans, sauteed greens and fried tempeh that two people can share it, stretching your dollars., The protesters operated under the "99% Power" banner, referring to those not among America's highest income earners. They included labor groups, community activists and a coalition of 30 San Francisco religious leaders who led a prayer session with readings from the Bible and Koran., Passengers had to exit through an emergency window, but the raised latch on the window kept catching on clothing as students tried to escape, investigators said. Exiting was further slowed because the window design required one person to hold the window up in order for a second person to crawl through, they said., Though MGM stock is not publicly traded, one person knowledgeable about the shares but not authorized to discuss them publicly said the price increased to $26 a share from $24 on Wednesday, the day after financial results were disclosed., That explanation doesn't pass the smell test to some party leaders, however., Quarterback Gary Nova, who will be competing for the team's starting quarterback job beginning this spring, said when leaving the Hale Center the meeting was "emotional, real emotional.", The championship game, Plain Dealer reporter John Caniglia talks about allegations that Jimmy Dimora accepted cash, goods and services in exchange for favors., "We understand that answers cannot come soon enough for all concerned," Frazier said, "and I assure you Judge Freeh and his team are moving as quickly as possible.", Burgerville, the Vancouver-based chain, is well-known for its commitment to local ingredients. But Burgerville isn't alone., "We won't open more than six. At a point, you lose touch. There's no way I can manage that. But we did get a serious reply from someone in Abu Dhabi. They called us and are like, 'We have lots of money.' I'm like, "I know you guys have lots of money." I'm not going to Abu Dhabi.", From the start, his mind seemed to be helping him make the choice., The Kansas City Star is providing an update of home values for Jackson, Johnson, Platte, Clay and Wyandotte counties on one site. The Star obtained the appraised values from county officials, who determine a home's value by examining sales of similar properties and evaluating its location, condition, living space and other factors., In 12 years the tough-talking, workaholic economist had transformed herself from a motivational speaker and self-help author to one of the most powerful women in the country. She worked her way up from the lower ranks of the conservative National Action Party and scored a confident victory over two influential male competitors to win its presidential nomination. She had what looked like a solid shot at the country's highest office., The Tigers announced Marte will open the season on the 15-day disabled list. Left-hander Duane Below will take his place in the bullpen., He says his IntelliSkin shirts "don't cure cancer," but he believes that they're "a piece of the puzzle" that can help lead people to better health., Some juries first go through all testimony before polling themselves. At Balfour's two-week trial, prosecutors called 83 witnesses and entered boxfuls of evidence, from maps to the .45-caliber handgun allegedly use in the slayings., "It is a very exciting time for my family and I as we prepare for the birth of our first child," said Jones. "I'm extremely sad that I won't be joining my team on the court this season but I hope to attend many games in Tulsa to support my new and old teammates. I will be cheering them on from a distance and look forward to them having a great 2012 season.", Sophomore midfielder Jared Mintzlaff is a rising star for the Panthers., Corrected figures for individual countries posted on a government website show that some of the changes were large. For example, exports to Vietnam of in-shell pecans in July were reduced to 105,000 kilograms (231,000 pounds), less than a third of the initial total., The Coyotes will look back and realize that they had their chances, even after making just 3-of-14 shots in the third quarter. But every time they got close, they never were able to take control., Total attendance during this period averaged just under 2,000 people per concert as compared with 1,443 for similar concerts last year., Or they could just leave it at Rick and Barbara Rankin's house as a token of their appreciation for everything the billet family has done for them during what has been one of the most memorable seasons of their major-junior hockey careers., —She married cigar-chomping movie producer Michael Todd, also 20 years her senior, in 1957. They had a daughter, Elizabeth Francis. Todd was killed in a plane crash in 1958., I am embarrassed by my attraction to "Words with Friends." It's a time vampire. But what's a writer to do? They say there is a match for everyone on the planet, and though they are talking about love, maybe it applies to video games, too., Matz trains the strapping colt for Phyllis Wyeth, the former steeplechase rider who was paralyzed from the waist down in a 1962 car accident and gets around in a wheelchair. She is married to painter Jamie Wyeth, whose father was the renowned artist Andrew Wyeth., Waters admitted that a 900 crossed his mind, but he was more focused on the series in January 2004, when he went 300-300-202 for an 802 at Cloverleaf Lanes., "With this rare shift in the weather, we opted to fire up the snowmaking guns to give our visitors an early start to a great season. The recent temperatures are ideal for snowmaking and will be just what we need to ensure that our guests have a great opening day experience," said Chris Riddle, Vice President of Marketing for Big Bear Mountain Resorts, in a statement., People who suffered identity theft because of the breach can collect between $50 and $2,500 in the settlement approved last month by a California federal judge., Anyone with information should contact the Garwood Police Department., James used the term "awesome" to describe 49ers rushing mainstay Frank Gore, noting: "If I have to sit behind him and learn, I look at that as an opportunity to get better.", Rep. Katie Hobbs, D-Phoenix, who signed on as a co-sponsor, said she was told the bill did something else., In the stands, Spanish fans partied deep into the night, waving flags, banging on drums and singing chorus after chorus of "Ole! Ole! Ole!", NEW YORK - An eyewear website operator who prosecutors say left dozens and possibly hundreds of customers fearing for their lives is scheduled to be sentenced in federal court in New York., Hickenlooper made it a point to say that government shouldn't tell churches whom they can marry. But he added: "Everyone deserves the same legal rights in this country. We are depriving people of their civil rights without reason.", Last year, the Zetas' territory in Veracruz came under assault from the New Generation, a cartel based in the western state of Jalisco and allied with the powerful Sinaloa cartel, which is led by kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman., UConn coach Geno Auriemma told the Huskies' faithful in the preseason that this team wouldn't win a national championship. But his young team has developed over the past five months, and Connecticut looks poised to make another run after beating Notre Dame for the Big East tournament title., Cousins said it sold 18 residential developments held a joint venture for $23.5 million, and also sold a retail development, The Avenue Collierville for $55 million. The company said it expects to sell two Atlanta-area properties in the second quarter., If we are lucky, my grandmother will make her rice cakes, small pillows of rice that resemble fat noodles, sautéed in a dark soy sauce with bits of celery, green onion and more lap cheong., "We've been through this before and we came out of it fine," second baseman Ryan Raburn said Saturday. "(Miguel Cabrera) went through it and got his life straightened out.", "I'm glad she took the time to meet me," Shirley Williams said., Dalton has built off last season’s success. They have competed against the Ivy League’s top teams, but have struggled to pick up wins. Ben Vallimarescu scored five times and dished out two assists, but it wasn’t enough in an 11-10 loss to Riverdale on Monday., THE KITCHEN DENVER The spanking-new location of Boulder's popular "community bistro" opens at 11 a.m. and stops serving food at 9:30 p.m. Sundays-Tuesdays and at 10:30 p.m. Wednesdays-Saturdays. The bar closes a half-hour after that. "Community Hour": 3-6 p.m. daily, with deals on select drinks and food. 1530 16th St.; 303-623-3127. thekitchencommunity.com, Sunjay Marathe and Peter Van Leer, both 18, were arrested on charges of burglary, theft, criminal mischief and underage consumption of an alcoholic beverage. Marathe was also charged with unlawful possession of prescription narcotics. Bail was set at $7,500 for both., At a news conference at the Justice Department, U.S. Attorney Timothy Heaphy said that the top levels of Abbott carried out a strategy of systematically marketing the drug for purposes other than what federal regulators had allowed., Parents also help support the class with donations or time, she said., Last week, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the rail station designed by Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava was "magnificent," but "too complicated to build and threatens to delay the memorial," which he said must be ready by the 10th anniversary of 9/11 in 2011., When it appeared that Cairo's levee might yield to a high river level, a decades-long man versus nature fight turned into man versus man., "We knew this was coming with (defenders) Tim (Ream) and Rafa (Marquez) leaving for the Gold Cup," Keel said before the game. "Every game, I'm just playing back there getting more comfortable with the guys and the system.", The city manager acknowledged March meetings with the Cardinals and the sports authority, but he could not say whether there had been discussions since or provide details on possible plans., A 12-month delay is also needed, they said, because a backlog of orders for permanent lifts makes it impossible to meet the May deadline., It's also unclear what's next for Michael Pineda, who makes the start tonight against the Phillies. Judging by the looks of things, it might be an awfully important outing if he's to begin the season in New York., June 11-29 Third- through eight-graders. Three summer camps with spotlights on community leadership, cartoon animation and game design. Explore Denver with a digital camera, learn the elements of graphic design, create cartoon strips and more. Auraria Campus King Center; 303-832-0066, e-mail: info@openworldlearning.org, website: openworldlearning.org, -- Some other big-ship cruise line ships have at least a few cabins designed for single occupancy. Check with any of the big online cruise agencies for possibilities., Jim Sansone wasn't as optimistic. When told that Despotis was still interested, he responded: "God bless him.", "We were running a play where Drew (Smith) and I went to the goal," Brown said. "I got the shot off and I went halo. I was trying to go for the bar. I'm really happy. I was really hoping to beat them in that last quarter.", NEWARK — There was no safety net for Kaisha Perez when she lost her job with the Newark Police Department late last year., "We've learned a whole lot in the last few years about how to improve the company, the consumer experience, the product, our financial experience. ... It's less about size now than about return on invested capital," he said. "It's not about being the biggest builder; it's about being the best builder.", The draw at the couponing class was to see Jennifer Freeman and her friend Shannon Jones. Freeman was a black belt on TLC's "Extreme Couponing." (Think Jennifer Lopez on "American Idol;" someone who has been where you want to be.), Whether Grassley and his staff would be satisfied with their response, they were left to wonder. As one official put it, "Whether or not they buy in, you are the man for supporting us like that.", Ella is 59. She worked on GM's assembly line for 25 years. She's had surgery on both knees, has carpel tunnel in her wrists and an injured right rotator cuff. During our interview, she sat with fellow retiree Gwendolyn Windom, who's 67 and started working at the plant in 1970 as a single mother with three children. Windom suffered an on-the-job concussion so severe she had to stay in a darkened room for six months while her mother moved in to care for the children. She later had surgery to rebuild the arch of her left foot and had two disks removed from her back., "There's no money in it," he said. Instead, he is including more community news. He followed a local soccer team to Detroit this year and took photos to publish in his paper. He spends seven months a year on the road, building relationships with the Bosnian communities throughout the country. Along the way, he takes photos. Lots of them., 3832 Cortland St., $57,000, 6. While the shrimp is in the freezer, make the dipping sauce: In a small bowl, stir together chile sauce, soy sauce, vinegar and mustard. Meanwhile, return the oven to 400 degrees., Christie has been pushing for both state-owned racetracks to become privatized because they are money losers draining the state’s coffers., We did ask the question if they are reading more now that content is digitized and device owners were more likely to say yes they were reading more. But, again, you are right to note that these traits are associated. We don't know if device ownership itself is causing people to read more., “I thought Jonah and Channing did a really wonderful job of tipping the hat to the old show and being respectful of its fans while at the same time creating something new. That includes action, comedy, new faces and new adventures, yet all while making it a stand-alone film., For nearly 3<U+FEFF>1/2 years, a black family has occupied the White House, and much of the time what has been most remarkable about that fact is how unremarkable it has become to the country., At this point, it's unclear exactly what the changes would have meant to McKee. While the annual cap would have dropped, McKee could have been paid back for interest payments longer. Those payments are significant., * First-quarter earnings fall underscores pressure on group, When St. Joseph hired Midei in early 2008, the move scuttled a $25 million deal that his former employer, MidAtlantic Cardiovascular Associates, had struck to merge with MedStar Health, the parent company of Union Memorial. At the time, MidAtlantic's CEO told Midei that he would "destroy him personally and professionally," according to court records., See, when I complain to friends that my son is not following a house rule, the typical response is, "Take his video games away.", Mr. Wamser made his only bid for elective office as the GOP mayoral candidate in 1981. A Republican hadn't been mayor since Aloys P. Kaufmann left office in 1949, but Wamser was energized by the election of President Ronald Reagan in 1980., Since she joined the Orange County Strength Club, Reed has competed in six meets. She has seen colleagues suffer torn biceps. She has been lucky she said, with only one back injury. She recovered quickly., The Las Palomas women's charity group is hosting the fundraiser/luncheon at Casa de Cobre, 14560 Big Basin Way, Saratoga. Tickets are $55, with half the ticket price and all wine sales going to Luke. The luncheon is from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. To purchase tickets, visit www.laspalomasclub.org., McDonald hung up Tuesday when called for comment on the inspector general's report., The failed carjacking happened at 3:30 p.m., as the woman and her daughters, ages 8 and 16, were leaving Jersey Gardens in their BMW X5, said Al Della Fave, a spokesman for Port Authority police. The woman was approached by a man who demanded she turn over the vehicle and fired two shots into the pavement, Della Fave said., Anton Vetterlein, a member of the Friends of Terwilliger, explained that the group had been advocating for a parkways event in Southwest that would include much of Terwilliger Boulevard, which will turn 100 this year. The centennial celebration will be the same weekend as Southwest Sunday Parkways. The city did agree to put on a Southwest event but only included a short section of Terwilliger in the route., oIf you have OnStar on a GM car with a screen that shows navigational maps, you can send directions to that display in lieu of audible directions. In the Toyota, there were no maps. Sometimes the robotic voice was hard to understand: Did she say Route "4-East" or Route "40?", Leaders also said that they expect test scores to improve this year., oSince not all student loans participate in IBR or loan forgiveness, you could certainly ask your lender about a graduated payment. Graduated payments result in a lower payment for a pre-determined amount of time, but the payments will eventually increase. This could make sense if you felt something will change in your financial situation. Make sure to ask the lender in advance what your payment will be when it increases, because it will be necessary to have the income to meet this payment further down the road., That's where yoga comes in., This is exactly what Oregon demands from its university system, which it consistently starves every appropriation cycle. The state's public colleges are doing more with less and less support from the state., Yes, a Security Council resolution could be useful if it helps smooth the rough transition out of tyranny — not only in post-Assad Syria, but across the Arab world. But Washington has now spent months getting us here — handing the lead to the Europeans, who promptly put the Gulf Arabs in front (albeit, some say, while still pulling the strings). And “here,” now that the Arab League has unsurprisingly proved no match for Assad’s butchery, is back at the Security Council., Airlines and federal officials began stricter enforcement of personal identification standards today, meaning passengers must now supply their full name, date of birth, and gender when reserving a ticket. Then, at security checkpoints, they must show ID that matches the information on their boarding pass., The service was filled with with exemplary words about the Shapiros, such as generosity, gracious, kind and thoughtful., I occasionally get great submissions from readers too, those are always a treat., It is all our jobs to protect all our children -- period. And yes, it was good that Penn State stood up for Mr. Sandusky's alleged victims Saturday. But sometimes, doing the right thing belatedly is the same as not doing it at all., The state's exclusion of Planned Parenthood already has prompted the federal government to begin phasing out its funding for the program. Texas officials have said they'll run it with state funds alone so they can exclude Planned Parenthood., Homeownership is a key indicator of community stability. Glasgow Village is in the unincorporated portion of the county, so we asked its de-facto mayor, County Executive Charlie A. Dooley, what could be done to turn that situation around?, "The worst thing we could do is look past our district," he said., Too soon., Zackary was one of three local winners in the Barnes & Noble's national contest, and the featured teachers from each store will be eligible to win regional awards and the national Barnes & Noble Teacher of the Year Award., Drury and Toprak said that between the improved looks, increased fuel economy and the inclusion of more luxury features, compact cars are becoming more of an option to drivers who would have once considered only larger vehicles. And they're willing to pay the price premiums that automakers have put on this new class of small cars., The difficulty in managing 34 students in a fourth grade class and 34 students in a half-day kindergarten can be worlds apart, Kolibaba said. "Kindergarteners are a different creature," she said. "They're half-baby, half-kid.", Wiklund was particularly struck by one woman in the town they where they visited who proudly showed off a kitchen that would seem primitive here in America., "You have women in that middle-educated group who want to start families and potentially don't find themselves in a stable enough economic position to want to make the move into marriage," she says. "They're kind of starting their families in a two-parent context, but outside the bounds of marriage.", He didn’t look well; his coloring was very pale. He seemed to vacillate between crying and fussing, and he seemed very tired and limp. His mom was very upset, soaking lots of Kleenex. She was obviously scared; her whole body was shaking. He was too sick to even hold., 1 large egg white, But I did not yet know the meaning of the word exhausted. The Pentagon needs to figure out some strategic use for the Florida summer. It saps the strength of even the perkiest child, the most inveterate traveler. Still, with the misters and the air conditioning, with the spray bottles we brought (on advice from a Disney World website), we had a lovely time at Universal Orlando. Not only was the Wizarding World fantastic, but both Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios had many more and better rides than our local version does. The hotels are a five-minute boat ride away, and the room key acts as an Express Pass to many rides., It's the panel's sixth series of hearings, and at least one more is expected after this one before the panel issues its report, which is due by March 27. The panel is still awaiting the results of forensic testing on a key piece of evidence -- the blowout preventer that failed to stop the spill. Investigators are analyzing it at a NASA facility in New Orleans., Mr. Lindner was elected to Germany's national parliament in 2009. Frustrated with his party's squabbling leadership, he stepped down as general secretary of the FDP on a national level late last year. But in March the party picked him as its lead candidate in state legislative elections in North Rhine-Westphalia, and got an immediate boost in national opinion polls., "I worked here a couple of summers, got some of my first jobs here," Santorum said, including shining shoes at a Lake Forest country club., The reason is that the bill greatly ramps up the amount of thinning taking place on federal forests in eastern Oregon, and an agency study from earlier this decade estimated thinning costs an average of about $200 per acre., Just their identity — official proof that they exist., Assembly Budget Chairman Lou Greenwald:, O'Keefe showed a glimpse of her potential in a 65-42 win over Alton on Dec. 8, as she posted a triple double with 19 points, 11 rebounds and 10 blocks., Recently, Santorum has earned the trappings of campaign success, including a motorcade and his own theme song -- great progress for a candidate who once showed up to events without a microphone or sound system., LeGrand became an inspiration to the Scarlet Knights, eventually being able to stand upright with the help of a metal frame. He resumed his studies via video conferences for the 2011 spring semester, and on Oct. 29, 2011, led the team onto the field before a game. He also has done some broadcast work for the school., "Would we like to offer the iPhone to T-Mobile customers in the U.S.? You bet. Ultimately though it is Apple's decision on who carries its product," Dobrow added., The 68,500-seat facility is scheduled to open for the 2014 season, and the 49ers hope it will host 2016's Super Bowl L, the next Super Bowl to be awarded., Yield: 2 deep-dish crusts, Preserved farms and untouched parcels can offer just as much recreation as athletic fields, she said, and they won’t cause any environmental issues., "I think the fact that we have increased our reserves by 226 percent, lowered fares across all modes, increased Coaster and Sprinter service levels, just increased bus service levels, and have developed a five-year budget outlook that is balanced with projected surpluses, speaks for itself," he said., Johnson’s thrilled about the budding romance angle because he loves working with star Deschanel., "If they do reject it, which I don't think they will and am hopeful they won't, then the project will be in jeopardy," Kafoury said. "The project is a $290 million project. We'll be $42 million short, so I don't know how that project will be able to move forward.", Later in the year, the Crocker will present a survey of Sacramento native Mel Ramos, whose work is prized in Europe as well as the United States., Jammin', Her performances are always marvels of technical virtuosity, and her mimicry can indeed be dazzling. One senses her own delight in capturing the likeness of another. Perhaps this is why as she has gotten older she has tended to favor comic masks over tragic ones. But then comedy, which allows her to build a role through selected exaggeration, plays better to her strengths. She can zero in on a defining vocal or physical mannerism and thus flex her muscles as a talking mime., The allegations echo those of John Doe No. 1, a resident of Texas, who filed the initial complaint late last week and accused Travolta of sexually assaulting him during a private massage at the Beverly Hills Hotel on January 16., “Now is the time when we all must resist the traditional, selfish call to protect your own turf at the cost of our state,” the Republican governor said. “We chose to confront the problem head on by reforming our spending habits, and laying the groundwork for reform. We have set out in a new direction, a direction dictated by the votes of the people of New Jersey, and I do not intend to turn back.”, That has many wondering why Fried would hamper his own campaign in what is setting up to be a competitive race in the newly redrawn 14th Legislative District., the program receive an average monthly cash grant of $239, which can be accessed through many ATMs., Mejia will continue to work as a starter during his rehab, though he may return to the big-league club as a reliever later in the season., Mr. Colwill said he bought some of Mr. Reuwer's leaves and used them in design projects. He said his clients liked the concrete leaves so much they began buying them on their own., “It did in fact happen, but I’m sure the dialogue has been peppered to make it more theatrical and interesting,” he said. “This is not quite historical fiction. This show gives audiences a glimpse into their world.”, "I'll see things throughout the country that I think would merit showing, and I give myself the pleasure of (extending) maybe five invitations," he said. "That's my number. And we try to save some slots for local companies." This year, St. Louis-area artists to be presented include dancer-choreographer Dawn Karlovsky, MADCO, Missouri Ballet Theatre, St. Louis Ballet and the Slaughter Project., “Possibly in 2013 we’ll be offering some classes here too,” she said., He wasn’t entirely blameless. He allowed a leadoff double to Jose Bautista and hung a breaking ball to Edwin Encarnacion to give up a one-run lead in the sixth, but it probably wasn’t asking too much for Gregg to retire the No. 9 batter and keep the Orioles in the game., A:I had lunch with a 73-year-old who was a Little in the 1940s. He had great stories to tell about the impact it has. He is now becoming a Big and was matched with a 6-year-old. That's really neat. The perception is that this is only for people in their 20s, but that's not true. Mentors must be at least age 18 but must be ready and willing to put time into the child. People either meet it or they don't. Mentors come in all different forms. The criterion is: Do you have the time?, "Elder-porn" is a burgeoning industry in a nation that features the world's oldest population and ranks second (behind the U.S.) in the personal consumption of pornography. Japan is also ranked one of the most sexless societies on the planet. A recent study also ranked Japanese couples as among the world's most sexless., Why? Dry wine is hard for the novice to negotiate. It seems bitter, too intense and not immediately enjoyable, while the sweet stuff can be a more natural bridge from soda pop., "This era (of veterans) is coming back to 100 percent support," said Lear, a co-organizer of the Show-Me Heroes Career Fair last Saturday at the University of Missouri-St. Louis., And you have Streep., In addition, SEPTA will roll out additional southbound trips to AT&T Station for fans heading to Sixers-Bulls playoff games on Friday and Sunday at the Wells Fargo Center., The Stones and five other Hutaree militia members were acquitted last month of conspiring to wage war against the government and use weapons of mass destruction. David Stone, who had been locked up without bail for two years, pleaded guilty to a gun charge and was released., The students were performing in a Best of Season show, a competition between Schools of Rock throughout the Northeast that was judged by Journey frontman Steve Augeri., Striped bass season in bays and rivers begins March 1., A Daily News spokeswoman did not return calls by presstime. Sapio also did not return calls and e-mails., Levine is the Tustin Unified School District's 2006 Teacher of the Year and a semifinalist in the 2006-07 Orange County Teachers of the Year program., "I'm not making light of the problem in Florida," said Frank Burbrink, a professor of biology at City University of New York. "It just doesn't make sense for the rest of the U.S.", Last week, he declared he would run for state Senate against incumbent Dawn Addiego (R-Burlington) in the Republican-leaning 8th Legislative Distirct., French President Nicolas Sarkozy's defeat could be a bad omen for President Barack Obama., This time last year, questions about his football team were abundant and they continued into training camp and until the Giants turned things around with their season on the line against the Jets on Christmas Eve., The final at heavyweight featured a pair of unbeatens. Northwest's Nick Tufts (28-0) posted a 4-2 victory over Parkway South's Donnell Walker (23-1)., ksamuelson@tribune.com, And you know what? Compromise has no place in the kitchen. At the French-influenced Rat’s, which is part of the Grounds for Sculpture, Sbraga’s high standards and wide-ranging palette are evident on the French-influenced menu: The Griggstown quail is accompanied by an apple-beet purée, seared foie gras and Jordan almonds. The butter-braised lobster tail comes in a spiced saffron emulsion, and even the cheeseburger is coddled with sottocenere, a truffle-laced cow’s milk cheese from northern Italy., Tampa Electric's auditor told me to stop running our AC at 85 degrees when we're gone. Try 90, he said. Just watch out if you have pets., · The J. David Gladstone Institutes, San Francisco, CA, "We have some of the old files of his that we are reviewing. We have not found anything suspicious. We're trying to be thorough, as is Lakewood," Russell said. "In this situation, there is no reason to believe that closed cases this agent may have been involved with would be affected.", The Obama administration pushed both companies to seek bankruptcy protection as part of its plan for shoring up the U.S. auto industry with billions of taxpayer dollars. The goal is to make the industry, an important driver of the national and Northeast Ohio economies, profitable again., Carnival first planned to haul the ship to the Mexican port of Ensenada, not far from a movie studio complex used to film "Titanic," and bus passengers to the U.S., The burgers are a handful. Once they're tweaked a tad, they're going to be really good. Everything worked except the patty <U+0096> it was bland and underseasoned., In 2008-09, there were six schools that had to offer the tutoring – Lane Middle School, George Middle School, BizTech High School, Arts, Communications and Technology Academy, Pursuit of Wellness Academy and the Spanish English International School., Instead of three points, the Timbers were left to contemplate just one point after the 3-3 draw., Bening was nominated for best actress as a lesbian mom whose family is thrown into turmoil after her teenage children seek out their sperm-donor father in "The Kids Are All Right." Portman was nominated as a ballerina losing her grip on reality in "Black Swan.", "Serve your guests hot mulled wine. As most Bay Area folk, I would never dream of tainting my wine with spices, but when it was described to me as hot sangria, my mind changed, and from that point, I was sold. It's delicious and more familiar to Americans when served with fruit slices in it.", "You have to adjust your life to it. You have to have a sense of humor about it. You've got to roll with the punches," Reczek said. But it took her five years and a 15-month bout with stress-induced hives to get to that point., The room looks like something special. The greeting is friendly. The wine is more than worthwhile. After that, the only benefit here for discerning diners is to know that when they've eaten at La Provence, they have, indeed, hit bottom., Quote: "I'm not big on mercy and grace, but I do try to follow the law," he told a madam in the Miami Companions sex ring case at her sentencing last year. He sentenced her to just one day in prison followed by two years of supervised release., But nobody knows. Post positions are something to consider, but the reality is that chaos often ensues early in the Derby. You need to be lucky or, perhaps more importantly, not unlucky., There came a point in the second half where Oregon reeled off points and lit up the scoreboard with every Cardinal error. Stanford looked like a guy in a casino chasing bad bets, losing his shirt. I kept waiting for someone to pull them away and take them to the buffet line for a spell., 12:47 p.m., The new toll for E-ZPass users is now $9.50 during peak hours, and $12 for cash customers. The discounted off-peak toll for E-ZPass users is $7.50. There is no discount for cash-payers, who cost the agency more to process because they require toll takers. Tolls will rise in yearly increments until 2015, when peak crossings will cost $12.50 for E-ZPass payers and $15 for cash customers. PATH fares also went up Sunday, to $2 from $1.75, and will rise to $2.75 by 2014., The summer's pulpiest, juiciest, seediest event is headed west., Movies opening this weekend: The Hangover 2; Kung-Fu Panda 2., He continued: "This is not just your usual run-of-the-mill political debate. This is the defining issue of our time, a make-or-break moment for the middle class.", The concluding eighth stage begins on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills and finishes in downtown Los Angeles., Use traps, not poison: After a photo of a bobcat with a mouse for a picnic lunch appeared in a gallery last week at sfgate.com/sports/outdoors, David Tharp of the Bay Area Bobcat Project and several others had a great suggestion: The unintended poisoning of bobcats and other animals, from the use of poison for rats and mice, would be stopped if people instead used traps for rodents., First the good news: The show's debut is set., The system by which judges are "elected" to the Marion County Superior Court is broken., 1 1/4 teaspoons freshly ground pepper, Civil penalties for carrying a firearm into the secured area of an airport can range from $3,000 to $7,500 for a loaded weapon and $1,500 to $3,000 for an unloaded weapon., With a shortened rotation, the Phils lost 10 in a row and missed the postseason., Others say Stumptown's secrecy is less about a marketing strategy and more about Sorenson's reticence to talk about his plans., Hamilton, Texas .388, "He's gone out of his way to let guys in this room know he appreciates what we have to say," says pitcher Jake Westbrook, who is entering his 17th professional season. "There's a respect factor that runs both ways. That became clear pretty quickly.", Maxwell, you stink. — Ray, Dabel’s tenacity paid off Thursday evening when, along with 143 others, she received her nursing pin and marked the culmination of nearly three years of study at the New Community School of Practical Nursing in Newark., "I think they're looking for everything," said Poe, a 346-pound NFL nose tackle in waiting. "The NFL is a passing league, you see it every Sunday. But if you can't stop the run, you're in a pretty bad situation too. You have to be able to do both. They want guys who can do both. I think I'm one of those guys.", Quote from Rebecca: "Grow locally. Produce organically. Eat well.", Using that cap space on free agents, however, may not be the heart of the team's plans. There are several different ways to use space and it can be valuable in acquiring players in trades. That is the route the team is expected to go to improve, part of its after-James plan., Those problems won't be completely eliminated, but officials said they should be significantly reduced by the agreement announced Thursday., An unprecedented surge of children caught trudging through southern Texas scrublands or crossing at border ports of entry into the U.S. without their families has sent government and non-profit agencies scrambling to expand their shelter, legal representation and reunification services. On any given day this year, the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement has been caring for more than 2,100 unaccompanied child immigrants., By the time most tax credits are redeemed, they have been sold at a discount in a closely controlled market, and the proceeds have been used to fund construction costs of various projects. Limiting one year of redemptions would not slow down any current building projects., "Obama's decision will hurt him in Indiana, Virginia, North Carolina, rural Pennsylvania, northern Florida, rural Missouri, lots of places that he needs," Mackowiak said. "The map just improved for Mitt Romney.", New chart system helps prepare for reform, Easter Sunday services at 8:30 and 11 a.m., The district PTA/PTO Coordinating Council recently held its Special Recognition Awards ceremony. More than 50 people were honored for their "dedicated work and special contributions" at district schools., 3. Greater Chicago (Ind./Ill.), $2.3 billion, WATCH ‘EM ROLL, After the trial, Tucci said he disagreed with the jury's verdict., Looking to sneak a little disodium inosinate into your kids' diets? Neither are we. Which is why we love Azima's snack mix recipe, in place of Chex Mix (which contains the aforementioned additive, among several others)., The St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney's Office issued burglary charges Thursday against a Fenton couple., With the surface set to be repaved after today’s STP 400, the lump of asphalt, which Warren brought to the media center for show-and-tell, became proof of the resurfacing’s necessity., Verizon Wireless had a net gain of 501,000 subscribers under contract-based plans in its first quarter, a bit above analyst expectations. That’s a closely watched figure, because contract plans are the most lucrative. Verizon is expected to lead the industry this quarter, attracting twice as many new customers as chief rival AT&T Inc., which reports on Tuesday., And the approach seems to be working: Membership has grown, from 611 in 2010 to 1,516 last year. Paid admissions grew as well, from 76,063 in 2010 to 85,360 last year., "Well, I hope you know the way home," Sue said. "Because I don't.", South Lake 7, Leesburg 2, "Could I move as well as I did at the beginning of the year? Probably not," Bradford said. "I think that the ankle was good enough to go.", The Labor Department's report today that unemployment rate jumped to 8.5 percent last month wasn't good news for a stock market that has hung a 20 percent surge over the past four weeks on incremental signs that the economy could be righting itself., The Jersey City native said that although he sometimes collaborates with his models (often friends who volunteer to pose), his paintings are all him., TRENTON — When an Assembly committee recently advanced a bill offering scholarships for students in failing public schools to attend private schools of their choice, proponents said the legislation had enough votes to land on Gov. Chris Christie’s desk within weeks., Two years ago, Portland made software one of four key economic clusters targeted for special attention. The city used $800,000 in public money to establish a new Portland Seed Fund to back early stage entrepreneurs. And it convened a series of mentoring sessions and other initiatives to connect entrepreneurs to experienced colleagues., JACKSON — Gov. Chris Christie came out in full force Tuesday, slamming legislators for inaction on his proposals and painting a picture of lazy and ineffective bureaucrats who rarely bother to show up to work., Atletico Madrid 2, Malaga 1, She would not have a baby. This was her conclusion, the choice she made. She loved her husband. She had a stepdaughter whom she adored. They were her family. But she would be biologically childless., Lucas wasn’t around the Blazers much in the last couple of years. He was in and out of the hospital, visiting with doctors, enduring chemotherapy. For a while there, even as we knew Lucas had cancer, we all expected "The Enforcer" would kick its butt., "This is all for the kids, the community and the school," Shelton said. "We gave up a home game for this. But how often do kids have a chance to suit up in the Rams locker room and run out of an NFL tunnel onto the field?", 2. Rushing game may still be woeful, He served in the U.S. Army Air Force from 1943 to 1945. He married Virginia B. Brown on May 29, 1942. He attended Sunset Presbyterian Church and was a sheet metal worker., As Jacob, the pinup wolf-boy, Taylor Lautner, unfortunately, still has more pecs appeal than personality (“Doesn’t he own a shirt,” Edward gripes, in one of the film’s few stabs at humor). And in another kind of movie, Jacob’s dogged pursuit of Bella — no matter how many times she pushes him away — would come off as stalking., LAGUNA BEACH DEF. GODINEZ, 25–12, 25–11, 25–10, The first high school cycling league started in northern California in 2001. Its success has led to the expansion of leagues in Southern California, Washington, Colorado, Texas and Utah. Sjoquist says that NICA's goal is to be implementing leagues nationwide by 2015, and that mountain biking eventually becomes a varsity sport., Its shares rose 2.5 percent to $45.85 in premarket trading., “These subtle shifts can actually have very dramatic implications at the population level,” said Joe Braun, the lead author and a research fellow at Harvard’s School of Public Health., Wiesel says that line of thinking, of course, is all wrong. "The offender should be shamed.", The game, played in a brisk 2:21, makes the Orioles 4-5 on their second-half-opening homestand, which ends this afternoon with the series finale against the Angels., I guess if you can afford one, you can afford the other., Those examples include a sawmill in John Day, Ore., that installed a pellet facility, saving the business and 85 jobs. McKinley and other advocates say the "$5 million in federal investment leveraged $50 million in private sector funds.", Length: 7 miles roundtrip., Chinese officials have said, however, that future gains in the yuan are likely to be limited. Trade Minister Chen Deming said Thursday that China's shrinking global trade surplus suggests the yuan is at an appropriate level., First Team All-SEC, 13, While fans await the opening of Hodge's, the downtown home for food-truck chef Chris Hodgson's cuisine on Euclid Avenue in Cleveland, another popular trucker has gone brick-and-mortar on us., The latest calling operation to land here is Collectcorp Corp., which plans to bring 60 jobs to an Engle Road office building in Middleburg Heights this year, officials said. The company anticipates having up to 135 jobs by the end of 2010., Those hardships and invaders (or liberators in the case of U.S. soldiers in World War II) all contributed to the manic music mix. We are treated to several street performances, exquisite voices, pulsating dancers, drummers, pained guitars and a sorrowful sax. Many of the songs are about love and loss, the lyrics piercing your heart. "Passione" is in Italian and English, with subtitles, though some of the songs appear subtitle-less, as if the extra words would be superfluous., Seven members of a single family, including grandparents visiting from Dominican Republic and their 3-year-old granddaughter, were killed when the SUV in which they were riding skidded across three lanes of traffic and plunged off a highway nearly 60 feet into Bronx Zoo property., Defense Minister Stephen Smith said delaying delivery of the advanced warplanes two years, to 2019, would save the government 1.6 billion Australian dollars ($1.6 billion) over the next four years. He said Australia remains committed to the Joint Strike Fighter project., I wondered if Spokeo would "find" information on anyone -- even someone who didn't exit. As a test, I entered a nonexistent Plain Dealer e-mail address for a made-up colleague, rgruffy., It took all year to get the girl loosen up, but it was definitely worth the wait to get to this assertive, soulful reading of a Dusty Springfield classic served with sass we'd never seen from Cavanagh. She even shook her hips (if just a little) in a retro-tastic mini-dress and heels (both pink). Improving this much this late in the season almost makes you wonder if she meant to do that., BLOOMSBURY — The vehicle of a 35-year-old East Hartford, Conn., woman had to be towed after it hit a piece of metal debris laying across Route 78, according to Perryville State Police., Many lawmakers had concerns that posting the financial reports online would put them at risk for identity theft, Raskin said., Charles Costa and his wife, Kristine, purchased a 7,364-square-foot home originally built in 2005 southwest of Taliesin West in Scottsdale. In 1997, the Costas founded and still run Sidelines Inc., a closet-accessory company in Scottsdale. They hold several patents, including one for an ironing board that folds into a closet and a sliding closet rack., Our Tustin High School family has collected monies for a plaque and skateboard racks to be placed on campus at the request of David's family. Our community supporters, Bob DeWid, Alba DeWald from Del Taco on Red Hill, Mike Call and Yuriana Gomez from Costco, Pizza Shack generously provided food and beverages for the memorial service., Yes, it's that sappy, in between the F-bomb barrage. But Hill brings an infectious confidence to his performance, even when he's supposedly down and out. He is gleefully profane, a courageous smart-aleck, looking for truth in the most outrageous situations, often finding it., Sherman, a former Anaheim resident, was believed to be a transient who had frequented the park., Offered an opportunity to speak at Wednesday's sentencing, Powell criticized the judge's conduct of the trial, alleging "a lot of racism." He said the "man who killed (Delarrian) is still running around in the street.", Pepper said businesses should have the right to decide what kind of clientele they want to attract and that customers have the right to decide whether to patronize those businesses. He said he was especially irritated that the law would apply to private clubs like the Elks and VFW., In both fourth-grade math and reading, New York City "now performs at the same level as the nation overall," the schools chancellor said. "This is a tremendous accomplishment." In contrast, he noted that the rest of the state has been essentially flat on NAEP scores., The marketplace "was distributing dangerous and addictive drugs to every corner of the world, and trying to hide their activities through the use of advanced anonymizing online technology," said Briane M. Grey, acting special agent in charge of the Los Angeles Field Division for the Drug Enforcement Administration., Economist John Tapogna, president of ECONorthwest and a consultant for the Business Plan, said the number exceeded 26,000, using the survey of households from December 2010 to December 2011. Tapogna said Oregon Business Plan managers have consistently applied this yardstick, which takes in more workers than the nonfarm payroll measure long used by state and national agencies., Utility crews are dealing with scattered power outages, with about 317 customers affected statewide., Healthy Aging Seminar: Gretchen Brauer-Rieke, a registered nurse and certified advance care planning facilitator, presents "Making Health Care Choices for the End of Life." Registration required. 9:30 a.m.-noon Sat, May 12. Milwaukie Center, 5440 S.E. Kellogg Creek Drive, Milwaukie; $5; 503-653-8100, But the Cardinals did and they are winning, thanks in part to Carlos Beltran (6th in the NL with a .964 OPS) stepping into the Pujols role. There's no bigger pleasant surprise in the majors. (The White Sox are runners-up)., Capain Santos jumped from his vehicle to immediately, Old-fashioned ranting, Martin Brodeur celebrated his 40th birthday in style as he led the New Jersey Devils to a 4-2 win over the Philadelphia Flyers in Game 4 of this Eastern Conference semifinal series., “It makes me sad,” said Brittny Mejia, a 19-year-old sophomore at the University of Arizona in Tucson. “I don't like what’s happening in the state.”, Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis has been subpoenaed as a defense witness in the trial of former Bengals linebacker Nate Webster, according to the Associated Press., Boys 10:30-12p.m., The temples of celebrated artist David Best are slowly making their way from Burning Man into the mainstream, earning urban praise for the man whose towering structures became famous at the annual Nevada festival., Jeanne Bulgin, a former employee at the Caine Veterinary Teaching Center in Caldwell, said any suggestion such material was suppressed by her mother, Marie Bulgin, amounts to "slander.", The pressure has grown since August, when The Times published a database that rated about 6,000 elementary school teachers using the "value-added" method. A series of articles underscored significant differences in teachers' influence on test scores, even within the same schools. Union leaders unsuccessfully urged the newspaper to take down the database, saying it was unfair and based on flawed results. The union has called for a boycott of the newspaper and alleged, among other things, that a teacher killed himself in response to a "less effective" rating in the database., oUpside: Comes off rout, SPORTS are tribal. We line up with our team, our school, our city; paint our faces Trojan colors, dye our hair Dodger blue. We immerse ourselves in the history, in the rivalries: Magic against Larry, John Roseboro against Juan Marichal, Al Davis against the world. This is how we place ourselves, how we reckon with our lives. It is what Don DeLillo, in his novel "Underworld" — which opens with Bobby Thomson's "shot heard 'round the world"— calls our "secret history," something "that joins [us] all in a rare way, that binds [us] to a memory with protective power.", "I spent 14 years in sales. I was always on the phone," said Rosemus, who left a job selling plumbing supplies. He grew up in Northeast Portland and still lives nearby., Clark, who grew up in Dallas, received widespread acclaim for 2009's "Actor." The collection of ethereal and ambitious tunes ranked No. 12 on the Pazz & Jop music critics' poll published by New York's Village Voice. "Strange Mercy" made an impressive commercial impact in 2011, landing at No. 19 on Billboard's Top 200 chart., Measure A will provide stable local funding to protect and maintain quality education in our neighborhood schools., Chloe Rose Schaufele*, Catherine Ellis, the state's leading scorer, assisted on all three goals against the defending champion Golden Eagles, who are coached by James' husband, Brian Nutter. Ellis scored Kent Denver's first goal against Fort Collins., Weight: 13.4 ounces, The 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago tossed out two of Black’s fraud convictions last year, citing that landmark ruling. But it said one conviction for fraud and one for obstruction of justice were not affected by the Supreme Court’s ruling. The fraud conviction, the judges concluded, involved Black and others taking $600,000 and had nothing to do with honest services. It was, they asserted, straightforward theft., Wesley Matthews went down with a right ankle injury while he was working with coach Bill Bayno. Trainers Jay Jensen and Geoff Clark quickly came out to check on Matthews., Medical Mart and Convention Center Project, Turner Construction Co. pre-qualification meeting: 5 to 7 p.m. at Cleveland State University, Main Campus Building, Room MC-437, 1899 East 22nd Street and Chester Ave., Cleveland. Free. Register my Monday. Go to tinyurl.com/32zskuu or call Minority Business Solutions Inc., 216-283-0707., “That’s epic,” Dave Tollefson said as he stared at the wall during a break from lifting weights last week. “We changed how people played the Patriots that day.”, “It was going like gangbusters,” said Dave Cippoloni, head of both the robotics team and the academy. “The new administration came in and they shut all these programs down. The robotics program was lost in 2008, and the last year we ran it, we came in first place out of 63 schools.”, (The side argument over broccoli is silly. Your not buying broccoli doesn’t harm me. It doesn’t prevent me from buying broccoli., What sends the body moving are the legs, and this jump leads with downstage leg (the one closer to the audience), which crosses the body, suggesting the forward motion of a kid running down the block. By contrast, in ballet it is the upstage leg that often leads in the traditional leap (the grande jete), so the body can appear as taut and elongated as possible. "The choice was to have it crossed, so it didn't have the length and line that a normal jete would," Mr. Gattelli said., The Watchdog set out to determine who was left to be affected by the bill., Class AA Springfield hitting coach Derrick May will serve on the West Division's coaching staff., Russell Carson, a billionaire venture capitalist who has been a major contributor for more than a decade, said that donors' demands for more information were based on an emerging desire to "make sure we were getting a good return" on a sizable investment., "And I look up and see them all scribbling in their notepads, " he recalled., Within 10 minutes, the car was found at Beaubien and Philadelphia, less than a mile away from where the car was stolen -- but the child was gone, police said., Indiana at Orlando 4:30 p.m. NBATV, — Louise Marone, The Matisse, a 591-foot bulk carrier, reported the man missing just before 1 a.m. on Saturday., Shaun, sitting behind his mother in the backseat, was struck in his back and right thigh. The others weren't hit, but a tire on their Grand Prix was shot., Hasbro Inc., based in Pawtucket, R.I., makes other toys, including Transformers and G.I. Joe products., Mary Wescott: I ran for office because I wanted to give back to the community, what you see is what you get, I'm honest in my dealings - I don't lie (it's too hard to try to remember what you've told to whom) so telling the truth is easier. My long range goal is to get a place where the young people can gather - either a pool, or a community center - the kids can hang out a McDonald's or Dairy Queen or the park - but there's nothing to do, you have to drive to go to the movies, we need something in town, even the older people need to have somewhere to meet, to either play cards, have potlucks or just get together., Wine vinegar to taste, Concerns about the ability of the Spanish and Italian governments to control their debt come after a Friday debt downgrade for Greece that gave investors more reason to fear that country would need more help managing its debts following a $157 billion loan package it received last year., Jeff and Nancy trim Mia's claws., Here's a look at some of the other winners and losers:, Senators were making the first move Monday. Their procedural vote was setting up action -- possibly this week -- to approve a bill that would require disclosure of stock transactions within 30 days and explicitly prohibit members of Congress from initiating trades based on non-public information they acquired in their official capacity. The legislation is aimed at answering critics who say lawmakers profit from businesses where they have special knowledge., Regrets on not getting more wide receivers?, The report was half-right. There was a meeting, but Greece was staying put., Canelo Hills Vineyard & Winery, -- Many travel contracts -- contracts that obligate you -- include a "forum" clause that limits the jurisdictions where you can bring legal action. With some cruise lines, including Costa, clauses require you to sue in a foreign court. As far as I can tell, U.S. courts have been inconsistent about enforcing forum clauses., The Valencia-born Del Moral, who is seeking a first win on the European Tour, made nine one-putts over the back nine., Scarlet scuttlebutt.., Not long ago, I had the pleasure of eating BBQ from these two pitmasters, who now work hard to achieve hand-crafted quality on large commercial smokers in their respective Chicago kitchens., Lynn is on trial with the Rev. James Brennan, who is of no apparent relation to the Schwenksville priest., Tustin was born to Samuel Charles Tustin and his wife, the former Mary Frances Flannagan, in Philadelphia in 1826. Eleven years later he moved to Marshall County, Ill., with his parents and eight siblings. Then, 10 years later, to Oregon where the family stayed for two years before moving south to Sacramento, then to Petaluma., "They turn on the printing press and flood the entire dollar zone -- in other words, the whole world, with government bonds," Putin said., Will they find each other promising enough to move beyond mating to mating? What do you think? Yeah, we all know the formula. But when it works and the chemistry is just right, we love seeing exactly what we expect and hope for., 1 cup reduced fat sweet Italian or raspberry vinaigrette dressing, The bill sharply restricts collective bargaining, ends binding arbitration and bans worker strikes for all state and local public employees. GOP leaders say the bill will help local governments rein in the costs for salaries and benefits of their workers, paid for by taxpaying private-sector workers., This is not a referendum on whether nuclear energy is a good idea or a bad one. It is a simple matter of whether legislators will uphold the will of voters., The New Jersey office is the company headquarters, but there are four other Priority Payrolls across the nation -- in Allentown, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, North Carolina and St. Louis. Plans are in the works to open a sixth office in Phoenix this summer., Flood of deals happening at the wire ... Gerald Wallace to POR, Battier to MEM, Thabeet to HOU, Brooks to PHX ... & we're hearing more ..., Over the last 34 regular season games, Sporting Kansas City are 19-4-11. If that were an MLS season (and not spread over two), Kansas City would own an MLS-best 68 points. Only Los Angeles (with 68 in 1998 and 67 in 2011) have ever reached that point plateau., Sonny and Gita became U.S. citizens in 1988., The attacking midfielder scored a goal last Saturday to help the Texans beat Classics Elite 5-0, pushing the Texans to second place in the Texas Division., 11991 Jerries Ln, $38,109, Website: 9flats.com, All Herron's carries came in the first half, so why didn't the man who is 65th in the nation and eighth in the Big Ten in rushing yards get more work? Health., Alabama's voter ID law will require citizens to present photo identification at the polls. An Alabama immigration law requires police to determine citizenship status during traffic stops, essentially exposing Latino citizens and non-citizens to constant harassment., Players may be added or deleted from the Bronko Nagurski Watch List during the season. For the 11th straight season, the FWAA will choose a National Defensive Player of the Week. If that player is not on the watch list, he automatically will be added. The FWAA and the Charlotte Touchdown Club will announce five finalists for the Bronko Nagurski Trophy on Nov. 17., In other words, we're stuck with the rough deck until the whole bridge deck can be replaced. That won't happen for at least three years, Waelterman said, because there's no money for the work., The council, on March 7, is expected to approve the financing mechanism for the building's construction with the issuance of airport-facility revenue bonds to finance it., About halfway down, a young boy left his family to approach me. Slightly out of breath, he asked, "How much farther is it?" "You're almost halfway," I replied., Three leading sports figures have joined the fight against domestic violence. And they're doing it in a new way., • Thunder 111, Blazers 107 -- Darnell Mayberry, Oklahoman: This was a great win. By far the best of the season. It wasn’t always pretty. But when you’re the best (by record), you’re going to get everyone’s best, and it’s going to sometimes be hard-nosed, physical contest. That’s what this was. And the fact that the Thunder came into the Rose Garden, where the Blazers had only lost once in 12 games, and slayed a team that was whupping opponents by an average of 18.3 points in their building, speaks volumes., 4/8 – Residential, Calle Canasta, broken window, A poll last month by Gallup showed that the public cares about the debt and deficits, but the economy is a bigger political issue. And that's appropriate; the faster the U.S. economy grows, the less daunting the deficit problem will be., A: You know, that is something that has been perpetuated that is in fact completely false. I thought you might say that, so here's a quote from a letter from the counsel general of Canada dated February 2011. He writes that "the government of Canada has no interest in disadvantaging the Ambassador Bridge's long-term sustainability." And has repeatedly said Canada would not block twinning (the existing bridge) if that option were to receive the environmental and other approvals like the Detroit River International Crossing requires., The building is geared to high tech, with a multitiered computer lab, and constructed with several environmentally sound initiatives such as automatic sinks in the bathrooms. Each teacher has a mobile laptop and every classroom is outfitted with four student computers., "We are very excited about the future of the girls program with Tom Ogle as head coach," North activities director Ted Hickey said. "Tom is a tireless worker. I'm confident that Coach Ogle will provide the girls with every opportunity needed to succeed.", "The puck was finding me tonight, and it was exciting to get the goal to get the team the win," Bickell said. "It's going to be exciting going back to Chicago now.", "What I've learned is when you try to hold on too tightly to things you find ways to mess them up," Rupp said. "Going through that allowed me to approach some things in my life a bit more loosely, a big less seriously. Hockey has become more of a fun thing now and I enjoy it a bit more.", Locke isn't happy about the truck traffic, but she's most worried that mining will contaminate streams and aquifers. "My largest concern is chromite poisoning," said Locke, a registered nurse., 5 a.m., That day, a fax was sent to the State Patrol in which Amy Senser admitted being the driver., "I came in prepared and ready to work," he said. "I didn't have any expectations.", Nov. 11 -- A theft was reported in the 1100 block of Jefferson Street., Glenelg: Nick Wynne, Sr., A; Mikey Wynne, So., A; Mark Darden, Jr., MF, As much as Sacramento is still in the NBA business because of Johnson, an arena doesn't get built without Shirey., Beyond outrage coming from politicians and citizens, the nation’s top military leadership has expressed frustration and disappointment in the additional alleged misconduct committed by at least 10 military service members prior to President Obama’s stop at the Summit of the Americas in Colombia., oAs Rick shared, "My partner had moved on with his life. But there I was left stewing, hurt and bitter. I allowed him to determine my mood and my happiness. I let him play a role in whether I'd attend a meeting I thought he might be at. I'd wake up hating him while he was probably waking up thinking, 'Should I have Corn Flakes or Cheerios?' ", COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Criticizing what it calls "Obamacare," Ohio Gov. John Kasich's administration raised the possibility for the first time Friday that it could refuse to create a health insurance marketplace, the centerpiece of the federal Affordable Care Act., ELGIN - Bright, spacious, inviting, relaxing - all while echoing a hospital-like environment - were just some of the observations made as Elgin Community College unveiled its new Health and Life Sciences Building to the public., Exhibit 52C was the semi-crushed Miller Lite beer can. Exhibit 52D was the FedEx box that once contained the beer can. Then came exhibits of gauze, tissues, syringes, cotton balls and needles, some of which were once inside the beer can, using up letters of the alphabet all the way to X., Beattie was a demanding coach who knew Americans in that era had no chance of beating Europeans unless they were stronger and tougher. He drove them relentlessly through offseason training sessions in Boulder. They cursed him then. They love him now., Views of Tempe Town Lake, downtown Phoenix and the Papago Buttes are seen from hilltops., The application to the East-West Gateway Coordinating Council will seek $850,000 to improve Hackmann Road from McClay to Old Highway 94, and to improve Old Highway 94 from Hackmann to Heritage Crossing. A traffic study will determine the project's full scope., The audit also said The Maryland Health Insurance Plan did not perform routine reviews to make sure the insurer that manages the plan for the state, CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, was complying with its contract. CareFirst pays claims and determines patient eligibility among other services., The DNA hit - matching a convicted drug offender to a cup found in the car where the two men were killed - is contentious for another reason. A St. Louis police detective didn't disclose the DNA result for four months after he was notified of it, leaving the defense to hear of the evidence just four days before the retrial. As a result, that trial has been pushed back. Love-El remains in jail, waiting to see how the DNA test will affect his case., "Thank you, sweetheart. Have a nice day," the female officer said., The battle for Scarola, who has won two straight girls volleyball titles at Cardozo, is getting his Judges to be more consistent., But not all of the personnel who provided samples were at the scene of Drenth's death on Oct. 18 in a parking lot near the Union Pacific Railroad tracks at Jefferson Street and 19th Avenue, Crump said. Many of the officers who did not respond to the crime scene and were asked to provide DNA samples are under internal review for an alleged scam in which officers pocketed thousands of dollars in off-duty security work they did not perform at a low-income housing complex in south Phoenix., Just so. At the peak in 2006, "Spain started nearly 800,000 homes -- more than Germany, France, Italy and the United Kingdom combined," noted a 2009 IMF report. Construction workers represented one in eight jobs (the U.S. figure at the height of the American real estate bubble was one in 18). Even after correcting for normal inflation, Spain's home prices more than doubled from 1995 to 2006., Ramona's Kim Whelehon (Southern Arkansas)., After funneling his songwriting through various band conceptions—the White Stripes, the Raconteurs, the Dead Weather—White is directing his latest production without artifice. Or at least, less artifice., Oundjian led it all with assurance and comfort, for a profound and lyrical whole., The gunman was described as 5-foot-6 to 6-foot-1, between 25 and 28 years old, of medium build and wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt, reports said., In response, school district officials said tax revenues from all of Oregon’s school districts are put into a state fund, later reallocated to each district. Over 30 years, the school district would only forgo about $4 million in projected tax revenue from the urban renewal area, a "minimal impact," officials said., “No,” Diebler said. “That’s ‘The Situation.’”, Furthermore, critics said, patients wouldn't know about a provider's moral objections until the provider refused to provide treatment or dispense a drug <U+0097> and the provider wouldn't have to refer the patient elsewhere., Scores of locals – including one dressed as a cheerful dog – turned out for the hearing, and 53 of them addressed the council. Supporters of the new laws outnumbered opponents, but the latter were represented by numerous speakers., 5 ALEXIS BROWN, G, 5-8, Fr., 4.0 – Averages 21.0 minutes off bench, Two airports still offering luggage storage are New York JFK and San Francisco -- but Washington Dulles and Reagan National don't have it., The Devils will have Patrik Elias, David Clarkson and Zach Parise out on the ice to start, along with Andy Greene and Mark Fayne. Flyers start Brayden Schenn, Claude Giroux, Jaromir Jagr, Matt Carle and Kimmo Timonen, 2 tablespoons fresh snipped chives, Their cases, which have been stalled for years, are now moving forward after the guilty plea of a former Baltimore County man in February., Police reopened the case in 2006, and interviewed a woman who told them, several years earlier, her late husband had visited Mexico and met with Zabillaga, who gave him a phone number and asked him to call immediately "if the police were still looking for him.", CLEVELAND -- Police trying to arrest a man following a domestic violence incident believed the suspect barricaded himself inside a house in the 2300 block of East 36th Street this afternoon, Sgt. Sammy Morris said., The Vianney basketball team had a surprise waiting for Kevin Walsh when the coach returned to the locker room after winning the Meramec Holiday Festival on Friday night., Scott, Thanks for your investigative report on the fair-districting amendments. No wonder voters have disdain for politicians. I hope this shifty bunch read your article and realize they are not fooling anyone. — B. Gaudet, Past legislatures have tried to fix the estate tax law without success. So the 2009 Legislature asked the Oregon Law Commission to conduct a thorough review and recommend changes., IRVINE SPECTRUM 21 & IMAX, Two years later, history looks likely to repeat itself. Mujica is not running against Lipinski again, but he is the chief advisor to the Chicago Police officer, Farah Baqai, who is. Mujica, in fact, sat at the table with Baqai when she and Lipinski met with the Sun-Times Editorial Board. Baqai, like Mujica, is an outspoken progressive on social issues, especially with respect to abortion rights, though her emphasis in the campaign has been on the need to create jobs., Karen Teegarden saw the congressional hearing from which Fluke was excluded, and saw the all-male witness table. And within days this 56-year-old wife, mother and marketing specialist from Birmingham, Mich., had launched UniteWomen.org. Its mission statement: "Help defend women's rights and pursuit of equality.", “I think it’s a really good thing for Rutgers to get Robert Wood Johnson, but what I can’t understand is if Rutgers gets Robert Wood Johnson, why they’d even be willing to shed Camden. Because we do a lot for the university,” Marsh said., Rivera may have been an art prodigy, but his forte was the broad canvas of the mural. He learned fresco painting in Italy and applied it to subjects back home that spoke to him as a Mexican outraged by injustice. Yet he also was a commercial painter. He hired himself out for everything from murals in Detroit and San Francisco to portraits of rich Mexican women., What you might see:, There has been no change to a new personal income-tax regime, which started in 2011 and levies a flat tax of 16% on most earners. The tax cut led to a drop in personal income-tax revenue of more than 20%, the equivalent of about 1.5% of gross domestic product, according to Capital Economics., TRENTON — Education advocates and state lawyers are facing off before the state Supreme Court today in a hotly anticipated school funding case., Mast had a news conference Thursday to highlight the Sedgwick County case, in which Hussein Hamdeh, a Wichita State University physics professor, filed for a divorce in November 2010 from his wife, Hala. Their prenuptial agreement, in keeping with Islamic law, promised her a $5,000 payment should they split, which he argued settled property issues., Stratton 34, Granada 16, Despite its profitability, the business didn't always keep pace with Wall Street's quarter-by-quarter demands. Clark decided the company should be taken private by a third party, even though, according to Senior, "he could have taken the company over by himself.", Halsey Deli, Helmets on, water bottles in place, Ron Zevalkink and his 5-year-old grandson Barry ride their mountain bikes onto Gibson Ranch Road and approach a gate artfully designed with silhouettes of four horses., As general manager of Baltimore's Urban Pirates, Sahhar, aka Capt. Peppercorn, leads the crew aboard The Fearless, a pirate-themed, children-friendly tour boat armed with water cannons. This is the first week of pirate season, which runs through Oct. 31., It appeared that Evans' second foot touched the ground right before Moore's play. The Ravens initially celebrated, then several players threw their helmets at a wall behind their bench when the play was ruled incomplete. Nobody in the locker room complained that a replay review should have taken place., "He's seeing pitches, getting eight-, nine-, 10-pitch at-bats to start a game. When he comes back to this dugout — if he doesn't end up on first base — he's got a lot more information because he's forced the pitcher to show more of his repertoire.", Navarro said she came up with the idea because she was tired of magazine, gift wrap and cookie dough sales., "If you're not mentally ready to play (today), then you don't deserve to be out there," midfielder Ryan Pore said., Dave Alvin & the Guilty Ones 8 p.m. Mar. 7. (ballroom). $10., Stewart Tartan Pipes and Drums Practices: The band practices in the South Bay to accommodate its significant local membership and to recruit new members at intermediate level and above. Practices are held on the first and third Tuesdays of the month from 7:30-9:30 p.m. at St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, 13601 Saratoga Ave., Saratoga. For more information, visit www.stew arttartan.com., "Hands down, he's the best player in the American League," Indians manager Manny Acta said. "He plays a premium position and he's a legitimate five-tool guy. He looks like a 15-year-old playing with a bunch of 10-year olds.", In one especially grisly episode, an Alawite resident of Homs told the rights group that armed gang members entered his neighborhood on Jan. 23 and took his elderly parents from the family home. The gang leader first demanded money, but the man's parents later were found dead, their bodies displayed in a YouTube video, the report says., For more and more people that's now a portrait of a vanished world., "California's refusal to prioritize and invest in public education has made education inaccessible and unattainable to a whole generation of our youth," said Carolyn Torres, education chair of Chican@s Unidos., The balance is due partly to Missouri paying less in tax refunds than it did in the previous year. But the state also saw growth in tax collections. Sales and use taxes were up 3.8 percent compared with the same point in the 2011 fiscal year. Individual income tax collections were up 2.8 percent compared with the previous year., Not for the first time this season, City manager Roberto Mancini outthought Ferguson on Monday, too., According to the information, Coyne also ran a fraud beginning in March in which he invited an investor to invest in a new Krispy Kreme doughnut franchise in Brunswick. That investor then wrote Coyne two checks totaling $32,000 in April. However, Coyne had never discussed the franchise plan with Krispy Kreme, the information states., A core group of farmers, including neighboring farmers Jim Laine, of Hillsborough, and Tom Zeng, of East Amwell, agreed to grow sunflowers and harvest and bag the seeds. As an incentive, New Jersey Audubon pays an above-market rate for the seeds and sells them as the state's only locally-grown bird seed -- the inaugural product of New Jersey Audubon's S.A.V.E. (Support Agricultural Viability and the Environment) brand., For all you supporters of the Buckeyes, Tar Heels, Wildcats and Golden Eagles, you won’t have to go far to find fellow fans. The four official fan-gathering sites are restaurants within walking distance of Newark's Prudential Center. They are:, One of the players on the receiving end of a big hit from a Saints defender — Hakeem Nicks, who was hammered by safety Isa Abdul-Quddus last November — weighed in., Last week, Verizon Wireless reported first quarter contract subscriber ARPU of $55.43, more than a $1 higher than analysts’ estimated., Dancing segment, Jordan Jenkins: B, Wolf tore up the tickets like so much confetti, only there was no celebration in his voice., The Kaptur-Kucinich race is the first of the five slugfests on the calendar and "one of the most bitter," Alex Isenstadt writes., A: Next time, don't change your flights. Oh, who am I kidding? Plans change, and Travelocity should have been able to handle this request without sucking an additional $4,000 from your bank account., Luck vows to make the best of whatever talent he has around him. (At the youth charity event Wednesday, he managed to throw a long touchdown pass to a tyke as time expired in a passing drill)., One of those teachers, Courtney Clausen, 29, jumped forward and told Allen, <U+0093>Here<U+0092>s a layoff. Terminated. I<U+0092>ve been terminated,<U+0094> to the applause of several dozen protesters. The crowd later chastised Allen for a brief chuckle at the news conference by asking, <U+0093>Why are you laughing? This isn<U+0092>t funny.<U+0094>, "Exactly," Boyle said., Investigators said Centeno opened fire on both men, hitting Velasquez in the head. The victim was later pronounced dead at Cooper University Hospital., While most park systems contract out for support services <U+0096> such as camping and lodging, food and drink, supplies and equipment rental <U+0096> counties in California and across the nation have not turned whole park units over to for-profit firms. What the county is mulling is unprecedented., In between are enough tidbits to start a high-rise fire., Hodge's bill, which passed a Senate committee unanimously this week, prohibits accepting goods or services from anyone "who is at the same time providing goods or services to the state or local government" unless the total circumstances indicate "a fair and legitimate transaction.", "Now I have not been on an airplane since 1995 because I'm scared of flying but if I needed to get on a plane to see my baby I was going to do it," she said. "I didn't know where I was going in Washington, but I was GOING.", Both Hunter and King held an advantage over most of the 10 gymnasts entered Sunday's event final. The format for the NCAA vault final requires the competitors to perform two different vaults. During the course of the regular season, the gymnasts perform only one vault so few train a second vault. A plus for both Gators in the vault competition was both could perform two different 10.0 value vaults., Favorites: Brennan runs a cooking school in Provence and spends part of the year there, and she always brings back bags of sel gris. The crunchy gray salt that is so costly here is affordable there. Look for it in the open markets, from the vendors who sell beans and dried fruits., Sarkozy said "relatively precise principles" for the private-sector involvement would now have to be fixed, adding that "this can be put into place relatively quickly.", But for a decade, such newspapers as the Hartford (Conn.) Courant and the St. Louis Post-Dispatch have used court records and other public documents to identify doctors in the public Data Bank files who have lengthy histories of malpractice payments or other problems. Some of these newspaper accounts have led to reforms of state medical licensing boards., Hana is an all-day excursion, but this drive took us three hours, including stops for short hikes and snacks, and the return trip back to Lahaina in West Maui from Wailuku., Registration before April 1 is $50 per person and $45 per person for parties of 10 or more. Admission for those who register after April 1 is $60 per person and $55 per person for parties of 10 or more., "In the infancy stage of anything like this, there are going to be bumps in the road," said Sgt. David Bonenberger, recently elected as president of the St. Louis Police Officers' Association., The idea is among those under consideration by the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education., Neiheiser handed Dimora a check for $3,600 made out to Dimora's wife, FBI agent Michael Massie testified., Tommy Mottola, music executive, Why can your foot move halfway to the brake pedal before you become consciously aware of danger ahead? And why is it so difficult to keep a secret?, Hotel: The Palms., Though some people find the cat scary, his owner clearly loves him. Listen for this quote from the cat's vet:, Five Gloucester County schools are named on a recently released Department of Education list of “Priority,” “Focus” and “Reward” schools in a program geared toward addressing problems as well as lauding schools with student achievement or growth., Those loans, carrying interest rates as high as 7 percent, are paying off a $500 million economic development program once pushed by governments in Pennsylvania and New Jersey to aid in construction of a soccer stadium, enhancement of historical attractions, and conversion of factories into loft-style condos along the waterfront., "Rachel stood up in the pew and said, 'Mom, I want to do that!' " recalls her father, Terry Barton. Her mother, Amy Barton, later made contact with the girls' music teacher, Christine Due, and signed Rachel up for lessons., In the 1970s, a high-spirited husband and father relocates his family from Brooklyn to New Orleans in search of a better life, but his lavish spending jeopardizes their livelihood. With Chazz Palminteri and Andie MacDowell. Written and directed by Debbie Goodstein. Adopt Films, The Moto Mart was robbed about 24 hours earlier -- about 1 a.m. Sunday. In that holdup, the robber held a gun to the clerk's head., The program is designed to cope with rising student demand as state funds dwindle. The move has raised questions about whether it would create two tiers of students in a system designed to make education accessible to everyone., "We are meticulous in our tracking," Beckman said. "That's where that spreadsheet comes into play.", Two weeks ago, I dedicated an entire column to a single email sent to me by a young man involved in a romance that was causing him much confusion and a little pain., To report a vehicle that is parked on a public street and has not been moved for three or more consecutive days, call the South San Francisco Police Dispatch Center at 650-829-3939. This is a guided recorded line for the reporting of abandoned vehicles in the Cities of Pacifica and South San Francisco., A Granite City restaurant that serves barbecue specialties like the Smoke Detector and the Firehouse Combo may seem ready to take some awards for serving up good eats., While the euro members share a central bank and monetary policy, absence of strong budget coordination has been one of the weaknesses that led to the crisis., O'Fallon (8-2 a year ago) and Belleville East finished as the top two teams in the Southwestern Conference last fall. League champion O'Fallon features two of the area's top players in linebacker Mike Cotton, an Indiana University recruit, and running back Ejay Johnson., A: At 38 degrees below zero!, "Professors Smith and Seinfeld are giants in the efforts to understand and reduce the devastating impacts of air pollution," Owen T. Lind, a biology professor at Baylor University and the chairman of the award's executive committee, said in a statement. Lind said the pair's research has "dramatically advanced our understanding of the ways in which air pollution threatens our health as individuals and the health of the planet.", The mayor said Pimentel, a U.S. citizen originally from the Dominican Republic, was "plotting to bomb police patrol cars and also postal facilities as well as targeted members of our armed services returning from abroad.", Larry Neumeister, Associated Press, with Karen Matthews, This mega shop makes one-stop global shopping possible. The foods of China, Korea, Japan, Pakistan, India, Sri Lanka and Central American and Caribbean countries share space to create the state's top international market. The lion's share of the merchandise centers on mainstream Asian foods -- soy sauces, chile pastes, rice, noodles, sesame oils and spices., Among the stockpiles successfully disposed of was the mustard agent stored at Edgewood following World War I. Neutralization of the Edgewood mustard agent and destruction of storage canisters was completed in 2006. The facility used has been closed., Counter-terrorism experts also suggest the assassination plot may be linked to an internal power struggle in Tehran between President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ayatollah Sayyed Ali Khamenei, who wields ultimate control over the Quds force. Given the high level of professionalism of most previous Quds operations, the clumsy way this plot was carried out — almost as if it were intended to be discovered — has led to speculation that it could even have been a deliberate attempt by the Khamenei faction to embarrass President Ahmadinejad and undermine his authority. In the wilderness of mirrors that characterizes Iran's fractured political structure, it may prove impossible to figure out the motivation of all the various players or the rationale behind their actions., It had already downgraded the EFSF in January after key contributors France and Austria were stripped of their top ratings. But S&P noted Germany did not appear ready to make up for the fund's lost creditworthiness by offering it new support., 205 Vistaoak Ct, $150,000, How did you teach yourself then, if you didn't have this family knowledge that was passed down?, More than 1,150 rural activists have been slain in Brazil over the past 20 years, but fewer than 100 cases have gone to court since 1988, the Land Pastoral said. Out of those cases, the courts have only found guilty 15 of the men who ordered the killings, and only one had been serving time in prison before Monday, a man responsible for the much-publicized 2005 murder of U.S. nun and environmental activist Dorothy Stang., * Children should be encouraged to intervene on behalf of the victim. When one child does so, it is likely that other children will also step forward. The teachers and school personnel at your daughter's school should discuss bullying with students and encourage them to intervene. They should acknowledge how difficult this might be, but encourage students to put themselves in the victim's place., Using his marquetry and inlay design, he is able to reproduce traditional, Federal-style furniture similar to the ones on display at the Baltimore Museum of Art or the Maryland Historical Society. He also builds more modern pieces., Kasich is smart and, at times, engaging. More important, he has more guts than any Ohio governor in at least 60 years. And he's willing to move decisively and boldly to improve Ohio's dismal economy. That's why voters owe him lots more time before jumping to conclusions about his record., Born in Pittsburgh on Aug. 3, 1930, George grew up in Uniontown and Beaver Falls, Pa. After earning a degree in political science from Pennsylvania State University in 1952, he joined the Army and served a year with the counterintelligence corps in East Asia., Gavin's chosen Billy Joel's "New York State of Mind" for their rumba because a Billy Joel concert inspired him to be a musician. Gavin moved to New York in 1998 to start his career and he gets a little emotional talking about how supportive his family was. The hat is off! A whole family of sparrows has had to relocate! OK, the hat's back on for the performance, which Gavin starts at the piano, miming playing the intro. Something about the cut of the line around the bottom of Karina's body suit is giving it a rather unfortunate "diaper cover" feel. Aw, Gavin's family is in the audience and looks fit to burst with pride. Bruno likes Gavin's hip action but tells him to work on his turns. Carrie Ann's heart is racing because it's gone all fluttery for Gavin. She says he has an "authentic attention to detail." She's got "Gavin Fever!" Len says that the slow dance shows every detail and he saw good hips, musicality and no problem with the turns. He adds that Gavin's showing great progression as a dancer. Gavin starts to cry when Brooke asks him about his family being there tonight., Speaking of school: Isn’t Charlotte’s school a boarding school?, Sometimes the sucker growth is the major portion of the tree and it hurts to eliminate it, but it must be done., 1325 Broadway, in the Lodge at Sonoma; (707) 931-2042 or thelodgeatsonoma.com. Breakfast, lunch and dinner daily. Dinner main courses, $24-$33., The center, free to visitors except during special events, is also used to hold Irish dance classes, literary classes and whiskey tastings., Even with this long list of caveats, Schiff's construction of Cleopatra's story is a revealing portrait of a woman who "for a fleeting moment . . . held the fate of the Western World in her hands.", Combining high fuel economy with exciting performance and style is a major theme at the show., Panetta, speaking Friday to an Army brigade at Ft. Benning, Ga., was blunt in his assessment of the breakdown of discipline within the ranks, saying these incidents "show a lack of judgment, a lack of professionalism and a lack of leadership.", I don't remember who we played but it was late summer of 2007. I got free box seats from a customer at work and ended up going with a buddy who had started going to matches earlier in the season. If you've never sat in the boxes before - don't waste your time. We sat in the box for the first half but felt very isolated. The Timbers, if I remember correctly, had a significant lead at the half and the Timbers Army was hopping. We moved down close at halftime, probably section 109 or so., Other fugitives wanted by the Gloucester County Prosecutor's Office can be viewed on the GCPO Web site: www.co.gloucester.nj.us/depts/p/prosoffice., oEverything he needs, he says, is on three mobile devices: an iPhone, BlackBerry and a small LG flip-style phone., 9 - Kamara has a great chance, blasts it right at Perkins. Sapong BEAT HIS MAN from the flanks, During a traffic stop north of Los Angeles late Wednesday police arrested one man and seized $2 million in cash along with 86 kilos of cocaine, drugs worth millions of dollars on the street., Killer app: The $49 bar tasting menu ($39 during the day) might include such highlights as sublimely smoky duck-leg tacos ($10), the lobster "pop tart" ($10) or cavatelli with veal carpaccio ($18). Mina classics (lobster corn dogs, foie gras PB&J) are in full effect., Win or lose, soak up the Suns playing basketball just in case they are not doing so next season., The newspaper reported that Satterfield told his mother he was going to attack officials at a Framingham, Mass., company where he was fired last year., Grand Rapids-based furniture manufacturer., * Here's what I'm hoping to see from Adam Wainwright this evening at Wrigley Field: improved command. He's thrown his fastball 50 percent of the time, and it's been hittable, as we know. Opponents are batting .333 against the fastball, with a .704 slugging percentage. But the problem is more location than velocity. Wainwright has left too many fastballs over the belly of the plate; 60 percent have been in the strike zone, and he isn't getting it past many hitters who seem to be looking for it. But it's more than just the fastball; if Wainwright can have sharper command of his secondary pitches, it would make his fastball more effective. The famous Wainwright curve has been all over the place; he's thrown it in the zone only 30 percent of the time. (But on a positive note, he is getting hitters to chase it.) I've said it before, but this is a process for Wainwright. Be patient., Beck's best, oIn his own neighborhood, Cowen has found outstanding restaurants where meals are priced under $15., At 11 p.m. Wednesday, the bash will celebrate the 25th anniversary of the release of the breakout disc, the first rap record to hit No. 1 on the Billboard charts. DJ MisterBradleyP will spin the disc, as well as a ton of Beastie remixes and B-sides. Free. Call 216-932-1966., "Rarely do you find anyone who is so evil, so sophisticated, and so determined to end another person's life," Deputy District Attorney Susan Price argued in her summation seeking a multiple-count indictment against Itzcoatl Ocampo, a 23-year-old Iraq war veteran who has now been charged in the killings. "Rarely will you have a situation where someone plans out their attack, stalks their victims, and goes out of their way to catch their victims by surprise. ..., "I'd say the worst thing that happened to me in this whole damn thing is losing my friends," Tennyson said, referrng to those who were killed. "I can handle the physical problems. " This week, Tennyson watched the news of two similar massacres, one Tuesday at West Anaheim Medical Center and another Wednesday at a church service in Fort Worth, Texas., They carried it past a sea of officers in blue shirts, saluting and standing at attention as bagpipers played., Then, Tortorella switched him and Gaborik, so Kreider played on the left side for the first time as a pro with Richards and Carl Hagelin., NEW YORK (AP) — Andrew "Fuzzy" Levane, who coached the New York Knicks during the late 1950s and later was a longtime scout for the team, has died. He was 92., "We're not going to get ahead of ourselves at this point," Fisher said. "We'll continue to remain focused on some key principal items in our system that have to remain there in order for our players to agree to what is already a reduced percentage of BRI.", But most of all, after "GO!" blasted over the P.A. system, there was that guy. That guy who settled in behind the Barracuda Networks pace car at the head of the pack ... and proceeded to leave a gaping hole between himself and his nearest competitor throughout the race. That guy whose feet never seemed to make contact with the earth., "Trash-to-Treasure Papermaking" (Storey Publishing), by Arnold E. Grummer, is a comprehensive look at papermaking, with lots of helpful photographs. The techniques range from easy to advanced. The book includes lots of project ideas that kids might enjoy., "It could work," said Ted Mondale, chairman of the Sports Facilities Commission, which operates the Metrodome. "I think they have a legitimate argument.", They set the tone early., Republican early turnout, though, has jumped from 3,305 in 2008 to 4,732 as of Thursday., Plain Dealer reporter Michael Sangiacomo contributed to this column., "We thought . . . the fair thing to do would be to include anybody that played on a Metallica record., Q: What are some moments that stand out in your mind?, A government investigation blamed the pilot for veering off course amid stormy weather. The impact of the crash was devastating, scorching a wide swath of the hillside and scattering wreckage over a kilometer (half-mile) stretch. Most bodies were so badly damaged that identification will require DNA testing., Attendees at the community forums also said they would support raising property taxes to pay for a city service. Many said they would support a special library district., McDiarmid acted beneath geological layers of latex. Worse: When he wasn't buried under rubber, he was performing opposite wood — namely Hayden Christensen, who does not have five decades on the London stage behind him. But like Timon, let's be generous here. While making the first "Star Wars," Harrison Ford famously told George Lucas: "You can type this (expletive), George, but you sure as hell can't say it." Indeed, few could. Alec Guinness could. And so could McDiarmid. He's been drippingly memorable., Facebook's next step is an "IPO road show," where executives talk to potential investors about why they should invest in the stock. On Thursday, Facebook posted a version of its road show online, with appearances from Zuckerberg; Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg; finance chief David Ebersman and other executives. The company said that putting the road show online was consistent with its focus on "authentic, engaging information.", The paid streaming music service's 17 million tracks are now available to Apple's tablet users. The iPad app, Version 0.5.0 of Spotify's iOS app, is iPad-3-ready with Retina graphics and high-definition album art. Users can search for playlists, other subscribers and music from the same view., Both won convincingly Saturday, and Oklahoma has done nothing to drop. As always, Boise State is lurking to slip ahead of anybody who slips., One organizer, the Rev. Maristela Freiberg of St. Stephan’s Grace Community Church — where the group met — said her aim is to help "build a trust relationship between residents and local police, especially related to undocumented folks.", Three new breweries will open soon in St. Louis, and the owners are working hard to ensure that their beers stand out and their locations become neighborhood fixtures., The Royals, last in the division, improved to 55-79. They are 5-10 against the Indians., Washington and Arizona are locked in an intractable conflict over border security and immigration enforcement. The Obama administration has sued to block SB 1070, and the state has countersued the federal government for failing to secure the borders. But if the U.S. is going to end the poisonous stalemate over immigration, it must start with both sides coming together in Arizona., If you don't know where you're going on vacation this year, you may not be indecisive. You might just be a bargain hunter., In the late 1990s she joined the Drug Enforcement Administration-led task force targeting the Arellano Felix cartel. Led by brothers from the Mexican state of Sinaloa — among them Benjamin, the reputed mastermind; Ramon, the enforcer; and Javier, the hard-partying young brother — the organization had turned Baja California into a major staging ground for drug smuggling into California., Q. I live in Illinois and regularly attend St. Louis Blues home games. I drive over the Poplar Street Bridge and take the exit ramp to 9th and Clark streets. At the bottom of the ramp is a three-way light that operates on timers and does not have sensors to detect traffic. The green light for traffic on the exit ramp lasts only 15 seconds whereas the green light for traffic on Clark lasts well over a minute. Prior to Blues (and Cardinals) games, traffic backs up on the ramp and requires vehicles to wait for three or four traffic light cycles. These backups occasionally reach all the way to Highway 40 (Interstate 64), which creates a severe safety risk. I believe the city needs to put in traffic sensors at the three-way intersection which would extend the length of time for the green light for vehicles on the ramp, thus improving safety and increasing traffic flow efficiency., According to an affidavit filed in U.S. District Court today, the two ran a scheme in which they lied on forms to help Royster<U+0092>s brother, Ronald Royster, qualify for a two-bedroom voucher valued at $10,081. The government also paid nearly $15,000 to subsidize rent for Alisa Royster, the affidavit said., Pickup locations: Cleveland, Gates Mills, In the charging document on last week's drug arrest, officers Vaughn J. Diggs and Sherrod Biggers said the suspected marijuana "blunt" was in plain view between the driver's and passenger's seats. The officers did not write that they saw either suspect smoking the suspected drugs., leading scorer in the series for the Blazers with four goals and seven assists, while Jordan DePape has added four goals and five assists. … Carruth surrendered seven goals on 43 shots in Game 6, including three goals on shots from the point. “I think Mac has been good in the series,” Johnston said. “You come out of games like Monday’s game and you can over-examine things. But I look at the goals and there’s nothing that was his fault. It’s funny how sometimes point shots hit a shin pad and bounce to the left or to the right, and sometimes they find their way through. Monday night was one of those nights where they found their way through.”, Murdoch said he had zero tolerance for lawbreaking but acknowledged that he might have taken his eye off the tabloid., Monsanto Co., the world's largest seed company, reported an early estimate of fiscal first-quarter profit that topped analysts' estimates amid 'strength" in its businesses in Brazil and Argentina and changes to cottonseed pricing in Australia., It almost worked out., But the Illini went quiet ... and the Gophers went to work., 1/4 cup plus 1/2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil (divided use), A hearing on this resolution is scheduled for Wednesday at 5 p.m. at City Hall. I am encouraging residents affected by this issue to attend., A look at TriMet's designs shows that, if all goes as planned, the light-rail line could:, NEOSA, the technology network of the Council of Smaller Enterprises, presented the awards at a ceremony at LaCentre Conference and Banquet Center in Westlake. The 6th annual "Tech Week" is part of a series of events and programs centered around the IT industry that attracted about 700 people throughout the week, according to organizers., Lawmakers whose districts change significantly could face new pressure to support or oppose the governor's plans., USA Basketball announced 11 of the 12 roster spots late last month., There was no response from Corzine, which was often the case., View full sizeBrian Feulner, The OregonianFor the Polynesian students on PSU's football team, a plate of poke (raw tuna dressed in a soy sauce mixture) is much more than just food. It's a chance to refuel, connect with one another and get a fix of the island fare they grew up with. Blogger Gregory Crawford, at Crawford's Court, is hosting the first of what he would like to see become a monthly event: a sports luncheon for anyone who works in sports or is just plain interested in sports., 937 Harrison St. (near Fifth Street); (415) 278-0480. Sublime ceviche headlines the menu at this Peruvian restaurant. Aji de gallina (creamed chicken) is a good bet. Intimate, colorful room. Lunch, dinner Wed.-Mon. Rating: TWO AND A HALF STARS-- $$$-- Noise Rating: TWO BELLS, Welfare check. 2:58 p.m. Sunday. Rockfield Boulevard and Lake Forest Drive., David Rosenberg, chief economist at money manager Gluskin Sheff, said investors may have bid up stocks on the weaker report because they now think the Federal Reserve is more likely to embark on another round of bond buying to stimulate the economy., Business Network International, Mayfield Village Community Room, 6622 Wilson Mills Road. Meeting at 7:30 a.m. every Wednesday. RSVP: (440) 460-3838., A stressed-out consumer might see a promotion on the Internet and think "Why not?", "It works out pretty good," he said. "Being my second start, going back home to New York, only a couple of hours away from my house. It should be exciting.", J.B. Forbes of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report., He would not say in which country would a plant be built -- expectations are the battle is between Chattanooga, where Volkswagen has a new plant, and Mexico. Nor would he say which product would be built here. Speculation is it could be the larger Q5 crossover., "I probably slept more than anybody on my team," said Messick, noting how teams, riders, volunteers and scores of others involved with the race had to be notified of the late change. "There's hundreds of people. You have to make sure everyone knows where they're going.", Dice onion; mince garlic. Cut potatoes into quarters. Cut sausage into bite-size pieces. Heat oil in a soup pot over medium heat. Saute onion and garlic until golden, about 2 minutes. Add sausage and brown on all sides, about 4 minutes. Add broth, potatoes and kale. Increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer 20 minutes, or until potatoes are tender., Caliche — Stieb 6 1-1 14, Huss 0 4-4 4, Gandee 3 6-9 14, Troester 3 0-0 8, Lambrect 1 1-2 3, Weingardt 1 2-4 4, Paxton 6 3-4 15, Roche 1 0-0 2, Edler 4 0-0 8. Totals 25 17-24 72., The city of Westlake and the Westlake City Schools are talking to American Greetings about a 30-year tax-increment financing deal that would tap increased property tax revenues from the development to pay for much of the public improvements. Under the deal, 75 percent of new property-tax revenues from the project would be diverted to pay for roads and parking., Attorneys for the plaintiffs say Countrywide Financial had all their clients' financial information including mortgage information, credit card, and Social Security numbers and birth dates., All through this period, Bevel was respected as a preacher as much as a strategist. In an interview, the Rev. Jesse Jackson called him a "creative genius," while Barnard College sociologist Jonathan Rieder, a King expert, said Bevel "was as brilliant an orator and more inventive than King.", "We really want this more than anything right now," third baseman Samantha Lay, 13, said at the team's Wednesday practice. "So we're going to put our all on the field and leave it there.", GA’s A.J. Wright was the runner up in the shot put with a toss of 44-9. In the discus, GA’s Michael Vala was second at 123-7 with Joey Marabito of Hawken in third at 120-11., So, somewhere on the Atlantic Ocean, between stops in Brazil and South Africa, I cut off my nine-inch ponytail and let someone rev a razor near my head., By contrast, on the Continent, where many constitutions date all the way back to the disco era (Greece, 1975; Portugal, 1976; Spain, 1978), if the establishment wants to invent a new "right" – i.e., yet another intrusion by government – it goes ahead and does so. If it happens to conflict with this year's constitution, they rewrite it. The United States is the only Western nation in which our rulers invoke the Constitution for the purpose of overriding it – or, at any rate, torturing its language beyond repair., WASHINGTON -- When Elly Kausner, a 24-year-old Florida law student, bought a ticket online from Continental Airlines to fly home to see her parents in western New York, she had no idea the last leg of the flight would be on an airline she had never heard of -- Colgan Air. Her e-mail confirmation ended with a cheery "Thank you for flying Continental.", Earth Day clearly lends itself to a party outside, but don't fret if your abode doesn't have plenty of outdoor space. Just have your guests meet at a local park. Keep in mind that Earth Day is prime time for activities in public recreation areas. Check with your city's Department of Parks and Recreation to ensure that your chosen destination won't be overrun with a large event., BOSSIER CITY, La. -- Bossier City police got a Shreveport woman and the hatchet they say she used to chase and threatened two people after a road rage incident., At that moment, a crane lowered a 26-foot interior steel column into the hands of ironworkers on the 100th floor., White, who missed his junior football season because of a concussion, needed a big high school All-Star Game at the end of his senior year to be discovered by Arizona State football coach Frank Kush., Andrew Brunette and Jamal Mayers are both considered Quenneville's guys, but neither is expected back next season., Detroit RiverFront Conservancy, Carey Wong’s sets were, as usual, brilliant. The framework was a central staircase flanked at the top by a mezzanine, with details in the art nouveau style of Alphonse Mucha, and the fine finish elevated the production from the moment the lights came on. Susan Memott-Allred’s sumptuous costumes (designed for Utah Opera) added both fin-de-siecle visual flair and a sense of humor, in over-the-top ceremonial dress and the veritable glacier of ice-blue chiffon in which Marsh made her entrance in the third act., The sales ban would take effect one year after the ordinance is adopted., It shows he can still do it, when he wants to., Legislators have taken note. Starting this fall, schools have to report reading scores to their communities and have a specific literacy plan. They will receive $85 for each third-grader who passes the state reading test or shows growth in reading -- part of up to $48 million in literacy incentive aid. Legislators also dedicated $5.5 million more to the Minnesota Reading Corps, a nine-year-old AmeriCorps program whose literacy tutors work with struggling 3-year-olds through third-graders., We put a premium on personal integrity, teamwork, problem solving, a strong work ethic, accountability and a passion for competition., This seems to be the year for passion projects for the director. His energetic documentary "Pearl Jam Twenty" indulged his love of rock music, and now "Zoo" celebrates his love of family. Though neither movie reaches the level of Crowe's standout films — the autobiographical intimacy he achieved in 2000's "Almost Famous," which earned him a screenwriting Oscar, or the what-makes-Sammy-run electricity of 1996's "Jerry Maguire" — "Zoo" is definitely one from the heart., "They kinda suggested, don't hang up. The more you write, the more evidence we have," Moore said., Also, many U.S. women of childbearing age have other risk factors for premature birth, like obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure or smoking habits., "The intricacies are many," she said, "and we want to make sure that the process is seamless for Cuyahoga County residents who would be eligible to enroll in CHAP.", Political correctness and perceived compassion have put the candid truth in lockdown. Peace is still available to all of us, but we will need to turn away from our technology and shut our mouths long enough to hear it., Q. Is there a side of you we haven't seen yet that we might see after you're done with action movies?, Anyone with the time and patience to study Winsted's reports could have discovered many red flags. With most companies, however, an investor doesn't have to play financial detective., For Seau, there may have been recent warning signs that all was not well, according to the San Diego Union-Tribune. In October 2010, Seau’s car plunged 30 feet off a coastal road in Carlsbad. He reportedly told police that he had fallen asleep while driving. The accident occurred hours after he was released from jail after being arrested on suspicion of domestic violence. His 25-year-old girlfriend did not require medical treatment, and Seau was never charged in the incident., Q: PhRMA worked with the Obama administration on the health-care overhaul but opposes some of the administration's recent budget-cutting proposals, including requiring the same discounts for Medicare drugs that are required for Medicaid purchases. Would you say the administration has been more friend or foe?, CAVS 97, BLAZERS 92 OT, "When they changed their dressings, they took them to surgery and gave them sedatives because it was so painful," she added., Beltre became just the seventh player to homer three times in a postseason game, and the first since Adam Kennedy of the Angels in 2002. Babe Ruth, Reggie Jackson and George Brett also are on the list., At one point, one extremely drunk guy (later identified as Brad Ferro, high school gym teacher) steals some drinks that JWoww had ordered. So The Situation orders another three shots, which Ferro again tries to take. "That's not for yoooouuu," Snooki, perched on a bar stool, tells him. Ferro shoots back something we can't print here. "Who are you? Go away! ... Why don't you pay for those?" she tells him., Photographs show Maloof with national dignitaries and Pomona Valley pals. "These underscore his connectedness to his community but also the multifaceted nature of his life," says Nelson. "Wherever he went, he talked about his friends and colleagues. He was proud of being from that area.", PRINCETON TOWNSHIP­ — Having failed to persuade the planning board to block the Institute for Advanced Study’s plan to construct faculty housing, a preservation group has filed suit, alleging the construction plan violates agreements made with the township several years ago., Pamela Camerra-Rowe, who chairs the political science department at Kenyon College, in Space's district, says redistricting that benefits Republicans in states like Ohio could have a long-term effect., He's talked in the past about owning a motorcycle and going for rides around nearby Beaver Lake., Names used for the cuts of brisket can be confusing. Here are terms you may see at your market. To clarify what the terms actually refer to in your particular market, ask the butcher., The Johnsons' first trial on those charges ended last year with a hung jury. The retrial, which ended this month, resulted in an acquittal after jurors determined that prosecutors had very little evidence against the brothers., In the meantime, Roy says he will remain open to doing whatever can make the team better., "We are a nation, after all, under law and the president has confidence in the head of the Secret Service, as do I," Romney said. "I believe that the right corrective action will be taken there and obviously everyone is very, very disappointed in these stories, very uncharacteristic of the service.", "Removing flights is not a good trend for us," Hwang said. "Priority one is to maintain the existing airline hub and also attract other airlines to come to Cleveland. It's not only the economics but also the standing and image of the airport and the community.", "Rock snot is pretty nasty stuff," he said., Those who live in the townhouses were taking precautions., Jones played a big role in the victory. She finished with a game-high 19 points that included a 13-for-14 effort from the free throw line., Boston (Bard 1–2, 4.38) at Chicago White Sox (Danks* 2–2, 5.11), 5:10 p.m., Flynn agrees: "There's something about using those organic textures at the holidays, the branches and even things like burlap and other natural textures.", White wine or water, Hun’s Katie Weeks (7 goals) and Francesca Bello each scored to start the second half, as the Raiders looked to challenge, But once again Lawrenceville went on a run, scoring five straight goals, three by Castelo and one apiece by Delaina Smith and Annie Morris, giving the Big Red a commanding 18-9 lead., But spurring surrounding development was part of RTA's pitch for the Euclid project. And that investment appears to be occurring, although slowly., When Regan, an established documentarian, was approached by a group of parents wanting to make a film that would increase autism awareness, "I was like, I don't think you want to make a movie about autism, because nobody's going to come and see it," Regan recalls. "Who wants to sit through an hour and a half of autism? I'd rather have root canal.", Happy eating., A: Tart. Believe it or not, they do get "sweeter" the longer they stay on the vine. You'll notice dried cranberries are sweeter still, and that's because they're marinated with some form of sugar or fruit juice. It will be great when there's a Food Alliance sweetener available, but for now we use cane sugar., "We are not going to allow Washington or politics to deny me the opportunity to represent this great nation. And as far as these accusations causing me to back off, and maybe withdraw from this presidential primary race -- ain't gonna happen," he said., What has the reception been like?, The philosophy behind why Grayson — or any Democrat — would want a Tea Partyer in their race is that, when both a GOP and Tea Party candidate are in a race, the two candidates split the conservative vote, giving the Dem an edge., The inclusion of clips from low-budget horror classics like "Carnival of Souls" and "Night of the Living Dead" only highlights all that is missing, as those films made more from less, while "The Fields" simply feels like something less., Adam Lambert, "Better than I Know Myself": On his latest single, the "American Idol" runner-up dials down the glam., In 2006, when the Sox unveiled the statue, which is paired with a bronze likeness of the late second baseman Nellie Fox, Aparicio called the honor "one of my biggest moments in baseball.", I didn't play the first or second game in the series. I don't have 50 hours to do so before playing up the third., He was initially believed to have been killed in a January drone strike, but apparently survived. This week he appeared in a video, vowing additional attacks against the U.S., As soon as the Portland State University-to-Clackamas Town Center Green MAX Line opened last fall, Hansen began talking quietly with TriMet board members about moving on., Sarah Portlock contributed to this story., At the wedding, Al's daughter, Janice Martin, told Doris she wouldn't call her "Mom.", Cook the pancakes: Use nonstick cooking-oil spray to grease a nonstick skillet, then place it over medium-high heat. For each pancake, pour in about 1/4 cup of batter, spacing the pancakes at least 1 inch apart. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until the tops are marked with bubbles and the edges appear cooked. Carefully turn the pancakes over; cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until the bottoms are lightly browned., Baltimore City Public Schools has an innovative oversight system worthy of consideration. Baltimore's mayor and Maryland's governor must agree on all nine board appointees. Four must have served in high-level management positions, three must have educational expertise, one must be a parent of child enrolled in the district and one must be knowledgeable about children with disabilities., Two new Illinois laws recently took effect in response to a Tribune series that revealed lax state discipline for doctors who preyed on patients, even for physicians convicted of sex crimes., Africa Program "African Panorama," a program by John Fielder, will be at 7 p.m. at at Bemis Public Library, 6014 S. Datura St., Littleton. Info: 303-795-3961., Oh, and Tim Tebow remains the Broncos' quarterback., I do love this man., Since she was a child, Lawrence<U+0092>s <U+0093>greatest fear, ever<U+0094> was being in a tornado., Her brother, Josh, played junior league hockey in Chicago with the man who would become her husband. But back then George, a New Jersey native, was just her kid brother's friend visiting in Wisconsin. Tiffany left home in 1999 to travel in Europe., The delivery rate has fallen from $2.3145 per Mcf to $2.0445 per Mcf. That's good news for consumers, especially as colder temperatures arrive., Consider the Cardinals' first-round picks* since 2003, the year after they did not have a selection in the first round:, I made fun of Transformers for being a film with great visuals, but poor acting and dialogue. This movie has great acting, slightly better dialogue, and yet I still wasn’t that impressed., "I don't know that it's helpful or not helpful to either side," Bronstein said of his potential testimony. "I know the Ivory part did not involve a vast conspiracy.", The four and their company, Wiseguy Tickets, are accused of developing a program that could automatically get past web pages that require purchasers to manually type in a sample word to continue., El Paso County has filed 13 Article 4 cases since 2006 and previously asked Mexico to prosecute fugitive Agustin Banda for a 2001 hit-and-run accident that killed a local bicyclist. Tried under Article 4, Banda was convicted in 2005 and sentenced to three years and nine months of probation — roughly the same punishment he would have received in the U.S., Ramos said., Despite the changes, the restaurant remains very family friendly. The brightly colored yellow dining rooms were filled with young children on the weeknight we visited -- the area was much more crowded than the dark cantina bar, in fact., After his 1943 graduation from Snow Hill High School, he signed up to go to college in an Army program. He was selected to go to William Beaumont General Hospital in El Paso, Texas, to be trained as a surgical technician for assignment to the hospital corps. He sailed across the Atlantic aboard the Queen Mary, which had been converted into a troop carrier., "That was truly an unintended consequence, but three people of 6,483 did it," Yoakum said., 1) He's dead, <U+0095> George Olsem, 100-yard 10th hole at Cherry Island, 9-iron, Tax renewal, 3.3 mills, 3 years, fire., The biggest difference is an additional $574 million for school districts that haven’t been fully funded through a statewide formula. Democrats also want to stop Christie from cutting $300 million from Medicaid., Bertens ran away with the second set, conceding only two points on her serve. Pous-Tio managed to win only 41 percent of her first-serve points., Making a Difference Through Policy and Environmental Change,” will emphasize the importance of “starting early” by increasing awareness and understanding of the connection between the environment, policy and health., Your cover letter is not your autobiography. The focus should be on how you meet an employer's needs, not on your life story. Avoid the perception of being self-centered by minimizing your use of the word "I," especially at the beginning of your sentences., Discard neck and giblet package from hens, if present, and wash hens well. Stuff each hen with 3 garlic cloves, 1/2 gingseng root and 2 dates. Drain the rice, divide in half and stuff inside hens. Truss the hens as you would with a bigger bird, or for a quicker method, secure the bottom ends with 2 toothpicks each so that the stuffing will not come out., Reservations: Call-ahead seating accepted, but may accept reservations for parties of five or more., The classics: Aside from thick wrappers (everything is intended to take away), dumplings (50-60 cents each) are balanced and well textured, and plump siu mai are packed with rich pork flavor. The popular egg custards (55 cents each) vanish quickly, but their toothsome, flaky dough and delicate custard would make any patissier proud., The proposed development, called Millennium Hollywood, features a number of thoughtful elements, particularly in its street-level design. A founder of Millennium Partners, Philip Aarons, is chairman of Friends of the High Line, the group that helped develop the terrific High Line elevated park on the west side of Manhattan. Now spending an increasing amount of time on this coast, he is also chairman of an organization hoping to raise money to cover a sunken section of the Hollywood Freeway to the east of Capitol Records with a 24-acre park., "I knew they would always be keeping an eye on her," her mom said., TripAdvisor, an online travel site that uses guest reviews to evaluate lodging properties, recently released its 2012 Travelers' Choice Awards in a number of categories, including small family-friendly hotels and motels., Length: 188.8 inches, I find myself praying for the programmed voice to interrupt the music and say "half-way" and "five seconds left.", "Viewers were alerted via a lower-screen crawl before 7 p.m. that those viewers who wanted to see the game's conclusion should switch over to MASN," Robertson said. "Those who wanted to see '60 Minutes' particularly the high local interest story on Baltimore Olympian Michael Phelps, were alerted to watch '60 Minutes' on WJZ.", For some 45 days, the residents of coastal Alabama had waited, occasionally convincing themselves that perhaps the oil from BP PLC's spewing well 70 miles to the south might never spoil the state's emerald surf and white sand beaches., Time: 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., "Perfect," Geffner said, as he handed it off., "The average is made up of extremes," says Fisher, who devotes a chapter skewering "Sell in May" in "Debunkery," his book on investing myths. "If you steer by averages, you're going to get thrown off.", An ESPN spokesman also declined comment about the DUI charge or Teinowitz's remarks on air., Martin, the Boise State back, is a player the Browns will strongly consider with their No. 22 or 37 picks if they pass on Richardson. At 5-9 and 223 pounds, Martin rushed for 1,299 yards and 16 touchdowns last season, and caught 28 passes for 255 yards and two TDs., "We continue to believe the company is well positioned to benefit from the upcoming iPhone 5 launch and that it will gain dollar content in that device versus the current iPhone 4," D.A. Davidson's Aalok Shah told clients this morning. He cut his price target from $14 to $12, but reiterated his 'Buy' rating., It wasn't Soul Train, but it was soulful., "The executive board has made a decision to sell the camp," said Paul Helman, president of the Golden Empire Council of the Boy Scouts of America., "My friends eat the pizza and the Little Debbie cakes and they're all as thin as rails," he says. "It's really hard to walk by that stuff because it looks so good. I just think I want to be healthy, I want to lose weight and I know if I eat those things it's not going to happen.", "I think they want similar things," Smith said. "I say 'similar,' not 'the same.' One is 51. The other's 26.", After transmitting the images to his employers at Getty Images, he returned to the front lines with Salahidin and his men in the afternoon., The signs read, "CWA Local 1033 Workers, Fighting for Health Care Plus Retirement $ecurity." The bands are attached with an elastic strip and were spotted on workers in Trenton today dressed in business attire., The pros: The second youngest contestant, also 17-years-old, showed a growth from the blind auditions to the battle rounds that no one anticipated. Not even Coach Christina., The toll from last year's political standoff that shut down state government is still rising on Minnesota's highways., But the slowdown hasn't cooled the anger over the proposal. Critics say the speed limit is way too slow, and the fines way too steep. Supporters, including the bridge district, say slowing down cyclists will protect everyone., Human migrants — especially those stopping by in yachts — are more attracted to Da Alfredo, a restaurant in the marina where people wait in line for pane cunzato, the house specialty, halfway between a sandwich and a pizza. Three women from the mainland let me join them at their table, where I wolfed down a pane cunzato topped with tuna, mozzarella and tomatoes. They advised me to order a delicious fresh melon and mulberry granita for dessert, then insisted on paying my bill. Happy people are generous people. So it goes on Salina., There are two public hearings in St. Paul to talk about stadium financing, the first being on Tuesday., "For more flexibility and movement within small interior spaces, the coffee table incorporates new U.S. milled steel with pieces of the Golden Gate Bridge's original 1930s pedestrian handrail," Bulan said., FAMOUS AND INFAMOUS, Those with low income would receive a sales tax rebate. Those earning $45,000 or less would pay no income taxes. The working middle class with incomes up to $95,000 would pay only 2 percent. The homeowners and renters credit would be doubled. Those making more than $95,000 would pay 7.5 percent. Because of the 1 percent surcharge on mental health on millionaires, they would pay a top rate of 8.5 percent., Referred to as Nonnie by his family, Dizon was born on July 22, 1987, in Santa Ana. He grew up in Tustin and graduated from Tustin High School in 2005., North Carolinians overwhelming voted Tuesday to amend their state constitution, strengthening a state law that already outlawed same-sex unions., Following weeks of public hearings in which citizens from several communities said they worried rail would never reach them, the hybrid plan promises Bus Rapid Transit from Westminster to Longmont and a commuter rail from Denver's Union Station to Church Ranch Road., 9 a.m. Ballantine's Championship (tape), Golf Channel, On Friday night, the Police Bureau issued this statement: "We continue to hope for Mr. Monroe's full recovery , and we recognize that this incident has been extremely difficult for everyone involved.'', Vanatta feels the Hawks pitching staff overall will be solid. Others he will be counting on include senior Mike Eagan, sophomore Noble Hampton, junior Travis Sietrich and senior Kurtis Haus. Returning to catch all those guys is solid senior Jamall Hughes., Calories for a good cause. Central Florida food bloggers are participating in the National Food Bloggers Bake Sale for Share Our Strength from 10 a.m.-1 p.m. Saturday at the Winter Park Harvest Festival office, 427 S. New York Ave. Baked goods will be for sale outside of the office and in the parking lot. The event also will include raffle items from KitchenAid, Chicago Metallic and local restaurants., One neighbor said the Sosnowkis' project sounds like a fun idea until it's next to your front yard. He said that the spectacle has been too loud and that the intrusion continues late into the night., "We want to play Jeff City again (in the final)," Kirkwood coach Brad Sutterer said. "They have a couple of outstanding players coming back.", After stalking my wife for a few weeks with his own large dog, he finally got up the nerve to tell her why: She should walk our little terriers in her own neighborhood, he said., Take a taste: Triple-Chocolate Adult Brownies; Super-Eggy Scrambled Eggs; Korean Fried Chicken., "There's an old saying that the hallmark of a good settlement is where everyone is a little unhappy with it," said Spencer Desai, a bankruptcy lawyer who represents Cory Atkinson. "I think this is a fair settlement.", "Negotiators, who had worked their way very close to the front door, witnessed the suspect pouring alcohol on the curtains inside the home and heard him threaten to burn the home," Baker said in a press release., A prearranged Chapter 11 filing means the company has secured the support of a majority of its lenders and senior bondholders for its proposed financial restructuring prior to the Chapter 11 filing with the Court. Financial institutions representing more than two-thirds the company’s bank and senior bond debt are parties to the agreement., Hill made good on his word, performing superbly in running and receiving drills Sunday., 29 North St. (at Healdsburg), Healdsburg; (707) 433-3311 or cyrusrestaurant.com. Closed Tuesday-Wednesday in the winter; otherwise, open for dinner nightly., Insurers would have to enroll anyone who sought coverage, with no exclusions for pre-existing conditions. Rates would be based on age, not health., In-Stat research shows that people place the value for in-flight Wi-Fi at about $2 to $5 per session, rather than the typical $10 and up. "Value perceptions are not aligned with current pricing," Ms. Cravens said., There was a fight with players from the football program, one that got Taylor in trouble when he threw a punch trying to defend a teammate. There were some regrettable comments he posted on his Facebook account. There were suspensions for the ubiquitous “violation of team rules,” leading to friction with the coach who recruited him., In the 20th century, women writers seemed especially drawn to utopianism. In Charlotte Perkins Gilman's 1915 novel "Herland," a society of women has been living—and reproducing parthenogenetically—for almost 2,000 years: "Everything was beauty, order, perfect cleanness, and the pleasantest sense of home over it all." The women were, in the description of three male explorers who stumbled into their world, "in the full bloom of rosy health, erect, serene, standing sure-footed and light as any pugilist.", In District 9, Bedford City Councilman Donald Saunders is running against four fellow Democrats -- social worker Kimberly Brown, former Cleveland Municipal Judge C. Ellen Connally, Highland Hills Council President Danita Love and artist Sandra White. The district includes Bedford, Bedford Heights, Shaker Heights, Warrensville Heights, Highland Hills, North Randall, Orange, Woodmere and Cleveland wards 1 and 4., A teacup used once by Lady Gaga has sold for $75,000., The new Congress appears unlikely to approve more spending to try to invigorate the economy and the job market. And the Federal Reserve is running out of options., In the debate so far, many of the arguments have been based on rhetoric, not fact. It is important to remember that efforts to maximize judicial "independence" from the electorate can also maximize independence from the law and the Constitution. Without a mechanism for effectively holding judges accountable, judges are free to "go rogue" and make decisions based solely on their political views. Is that better than a campaign season every now and then?, But great books on the club in Los Angeles and on Scully — the linchpin who holds the history together from Brooklyn to Los Angeles — have yet to be written., The lawyers testified that Ziskin told them he may have touched as many as 10 boys in the genital area, the judge said., SAVITHRI SHAMABHAT, Mixed Chicory Salad with Lemon & Olive Oil, The five pedestrians had just left a comedy club and had the right-of-way in a crosswalk when Day left a courtesy stop for a late-night rider. She illegally crossed a lane as she turned left from Northwest Glisan Street onto Broadway., Some prominent gay pundits, including former Gov. Jim McGreevey, also have said publicly that they do not think the Plainsboro resident should be sent to prison., I believe we've become increasingly vulnerable, not to fat American women trying to kill themselves, but to dangerous American women trying to kill us., Now, I was nowhere near as adept at Kahuna riding as Kevin Flynn, the Aurora resident who approached me out of the blue and suggested I try his, thereby ending my two-year search -- sparked by ads in fitness and outdoors magazines -- for a Kahuna enthusiast in Northeast Ohio., Let me say it yet again: clown pants., "That's why people move out of here," he said., Franklin and his friends will also have an opportunity to catch sets by budding gospel singers and dancers. Regional choirs from across the Garden State and beyond will take the stage for the Gospelfest talent competition in the afternoon., Now, we don't know why Lopez was fired. He declined comment, and officials from Chaparral and the Scottsdale Unified School District were not answering questions. But we do know Lopez was canned by the district, which means the issue wasn't performance related. Something else sparked the decision., It's unclear what amount the Blazers' signed Oden to Friday, when he penned a one-year deal, so it's difficult to say exactly how much money the Blazers have tied to contracts this season. It's likely somewhere between $75 and $80 million, well above the NBA's salary cap ($50.044 million) and over the luxury tax threshold ($70.31 million)., Series history: The Blazers won three of four meetings last season and have won six of the past seven, including six of seven in Portland. Camby led the Blazers with averages of 20.5 points and 12.5 rebounds in two games while making 16-of-22 shots., "The day-to-day stress can take its toll, but I like being in my restaurant when it's open," Willmann said. "I don't want to have three Farmhauses.", Brick walkways will be weeded. Sun-faded play areas will be repainted. Volunteers will sand, paint, prune and plant as needed., What would make anticipating pride so much better than anticipating shame in controlling temptation? One reason is that pride focuses attention on the self (not the cake) and on success rather than failure. Shame, on the other hand, emphasizes the opposite; it focuses attention on the object of desire and the act of succumbing, making resistance harder to pull off. Simply put, anticipating pride makes us feel good, and anticipating shame makes us feel bad., The Dodgers are cruising because of Kemp, Ethier, a prosperous rotation - Clayton Kershaw (2-0, 2.63 ERA), Stewart client Chad Billingsley (2-2, 3.19), Ted Lilly (3-0, 1.38) and Chris Capuano (4-0, 2.21) - and new owners who are cherished if only because they're not the mischievous McCourts., And now, let's look at some links ..., Both were rookies and had recently been through the department's driving courses., When it comes to Occupy, it’s no secret Sutton has been a supporter. But a rioter?, 19. Toronto FC 0-6-0 (19), Despite all the spring speculation about the old and the new of the Rox, Tracy will make the difference between the winning and the losing this season., KABUL, Afghanistan -- The Afghan police and army have won praise for fighting off one of the war's most ambitious insurgent strikes, but the siege of key diplomatic, government and military installations in Kabul also displayed worrisome weaknesses, including glaring intelligence failures., Marvin Warner, ROE director of school improvement services, said each school district decides which students are selected to be state or county winners, with state winners being designated as a higher recognition. County winners will attend the 22nd annual Young Authors' Conference on April 21 at Edwardsville High School and state winners will attend the 38th annual Illinois Young Authors Conference on May 19 at Illinois State University in Normal., But Spoden noted that assessing a drought is largely subjective, with difficult-to-pinpoint origins and varying effects. Had the recent dry spell occurred during a growing season, he said, it "would have been mentioned among the great droughts in history." Instead, because much of it happened during winter, local governments were pleased by how much money they weren't spending on snow removal., The LEGO Group founder was Ole Kirk Christiansen, a Danish carpenter. During the Great Depression, housing construction dropped precipitously, and Christiansen started building toys. He called his company LEGO, a contraction of the Danish leg godt, or "play well.", Results of a preliminary study presented Saturday at the American Assn. for Cancer Research’s annual meeting in Chicago suggest metformin slowed the growth of prostate cancer tumors. The study involved 22 men with prostate cancer. All of them were scheduled to have their prostates removed, and some of them took metformin for about seven weeks beforehand. After the prostates were excised, researchers from Toronto compared them and found that tumors grew more slowly in men who took the diabetes drug than in men who didn’t., TruthPAC says it sent the commercial to Time Warner on Sept. 17 with instructions to not view it until Monday, Sept. 21, when it was to begin airing., ACORN also offers free tax preparation to help families obtain the earned-income tax credit., gratitude for these gifts, and your sister didn't?, Former Cuyahoga County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora, a primary target in the investigation along with Russo, is scheduled for trial on Sept. 12., Massie also said that Alternatives got a new contract, but also got older ones extended until the new funding was in place., South Korean intelligence officials told Yonhap that a pile of earth and sand at the entrance to a tunnel at the nuclear site has been growing since last month, just as it did before the previous tests. Those tests also followed rocket launches., If the playoffs started right now, the Blazers would be pitted against (gasp!) the Los Angeles Lakers in a 3-6 matchup. That's just one possible scenario, but it could easily happen., No details were immediately available of the last-minute changes Baucus was unveiling, although officials said much of the additional spending would make government subsidies more generous. Baucus' legislation, individuals and families with incomes as high as 400 percent of poverty would be eligible for some type of government subsidy to defray the cost of insurance., Asked about Rose's mood right after the game, Noah told reporters: "You guys can imagine. It's not good. It's not good. But we're trying to stay positive.", Engineers at International Automotive Components Group in Troy are developing a 100% recyclable car door., A woman who answered the phone at Woody Toys on Monday afternoon said the company had no comment., In 2003, came in third on an "American Idol"-style TV talent show, "Comic Relief's Celebrity Fame Academy." Later released a pop album., The candidates also fielded questions about how they would restore public workers' collective bargaining rights. Barrett promised to use "any vehicle I can to get to the destination," but said he'd start with a special legislative session shortly after taking office., And since most Web companies can't invest in massive sales forces to reach out to local businesses, they have to find another strategy. Tristan Walker, head of Foursquare's business development, said the company believes that its users will help them break through this wall by sharing their enthusiasm with these local businesses., Her songs and albums quickly became top-sellers on iTunes, and fans and celebrities alike shared remembrances and accounts of impromptu memorials on the social networking site Twitter. Her death on the eve of the Grammy awards has already prompted changes to the broadcast tonight, with Jennifer Hudson scheduled to perform a tribute during the show., The two-goal deficit was the most the Coyotes have trailed this postseason., "It's still early and in two months this won't mean anything," Maroons coach Patton Seagraves said with a laugh. "Every relay we were right there. It just shows our depth. I like where we're at. We're focused.", The gains came after markets had fallen sharply Monday on weak manufacturing data in the region and political concerns in France and the Netherlands., "Now I know what's meant by 'steering committee,'" the lock tender said with a laugh as the water, rushing through the sluice gates of Erie Canal Lock 32, raised us to his level., CLEVELAND, Ohio -- While Cuyahoga County is making an unprecedented investment in preschool, Cleveland is eliminating its program., I am a bit weary of paying for P.G.& E's mistakes and blunders, not to mention their oversights and their derelict sense of responsibilities. Like the heinous gas line explosion of Sept. 9, 2010 in San Bruno. So I repeat, "Who Are These Guys"?, Carlos Jones and the P.L.U.S. Band 9 p.m. Dec. 26. $10-$12. Four-packs: $32., The musical locomotive that is the Gypsy Kings roared into Powell Symphony Hall on Friday night pulling a train of enthusiastic fans conversing in English, Spanish, French and a variety of Eastern European languages., CB 21 Devin McCourty So., 5-11, 185, The case, which had been expedited because it involved an election matter, did not include oral arguments. Briefs were filed Thursday evening, and the Supreme Court took the case up over the weekend., The two look at her latest painting. "My feeble attempt at Expressionism," she quips., Consider this: TriMet's annual budget is nearly $900 million. At the last TriMet board meeting, it was estimated that charging bus riders in Fareless Square, as the agency is proposing, will raise only about $800,000 per year in revenue. Is TriMet really trying to convince Portlanders that it can't find $800,000 somewhere else in its massive annual budget?, Internationals 5, AC Premier 0, Improved competition typically means less margin for error, Oregon defensive coordinator Nick Aliotti said. Stronger opponents could capitalize on mistakes that might not have been costly against a lesser team. But Aliotti said he hasn't approached the final month viewing these teams as being better, as much as he's focused on his team playing better., The company said the iPad is powered by a new chip with four processing cores, for smoother graphics., To call the following numbers from the U.S., dial 011 (the international dialing code), 86 (country code for China) and the local number., "I hate it. It's stupid," one attorney, Richard Roth, said while looping his belt through his pants. "Typical American hysteria.", Stirek, a district alumnus who has had one daughter graduate from Lakeridge High School and has another still at Lakeridge, deemed his donation a "sustainable" solution to slashed education spending., President Obama entered the debate about the national debt on Wednesday after months on the sidelines, offering a plan to trim borrowing by $4 trillion over the next 12 years by combining deep cuts in military and domestic spending with higher taxes on the wealthy., Putin's decision not to go to the G-8 summit — instead sending his predecessor and now prime minister Dmitry Medvedev — was explained as necessary for Putin to form his Cabinet. That raised eyebrow since Putin's return to the presidency had been all but certain since he announced his intention to run last September. Some observers suggested it gave Putin a convenient excuse to avoid a highly visible international forum where his tough line against dissent could come under criticism., The World Series entrants of last fall, St. Louis and Texas, have been leading proponents of pitching to contact for years. Former St. Louis pitching coach Dave Duncan, who retired after the Cardinals' World Series championship along with manager Tony La Russa, is so widely respected in baseball that some have suggested he should be a Hall of Fame candidate despite never managing or being a star player., The U.S. ski team's women's coach, Alex Hoedlmoser, said he believed the support from teammates was pivotal to Vonn's accomplishments last season., Frank Warren helped his wife into a lifeboat, then stayed aboard Titanic calmly assisting others, according to one survivor's account, until the last lifeboat pulled away., "Anne is the only person who could have talked me out of doing the kitchen first," says Kerri, who is the global media director for Nike. "It's amazing what you can get used to," she adds, gesturing toward a kitchen wall where holes in the lath and plaster create a construction-zone feel., "No, leggings are over," Joshua says, shutting her down. This is, let us remember, the same Joshua whose own peerless designs include those clown pants from the stiltwalking challenge. But Joshua, a legend in his own mind, confides that he chose Becky for her spirit and her sewing skills. "She's not someone that I think of as a style icon.", "Over 100 years, the City Mission has not changed its mission of helping transform lives through God's love and care," said Jim Whiteman, chief development officer., "This is unacceptable. ... It's like they are setting the city up for some type of civil unrest. At some point, people rebel. ... You can't balance this thing on the backs of workers.", <U+0096> Melissa Vanni, Loomis, A park would sprout north of the stadium. Arcades, reminiscent of those downtown, could link the science and rock-and-roll museums nearby with sites in the maritime neighborhood, Eckstut suggested., DETROIT -- Parts shortages from three months of catastrophic flooding in Thailand have forced Honda to cut U.S. and Canadian factory production by 50 percent for the second time this year, the automaker said Monday., As far as Jenkins, you know the book on him. He<U+0092>s got all of the ability in the world and none of the off-field skills to handle playing in the NFL and making a ton of money. Personally, I don<U+0092>t have a problem with the Lions taking a chance on him. And he certainly fits the bill as the best PLAYER available at No. 23. But given the way that NFL execs value draft picks, particularly those in the first round <U+0096> Jenkins to the Lions seems very unlikely., Mount Pleasant (12-0) is running away with the BVAL Santa Teresa. Silver Creek and Oak Grove are tied for second at 6-6, six games back. Gunn (6-2) is in first place in the SCVAL El Camino, one game ahead of Fremont. Woodside (5-0) has a one-game lead over Mills in the PAL Ocean. Overfelt and Gunderson are tied for the BVAL West Valley lead at 10-2., After Elliott's second shutout in succession, 4-0 Sunday in Phoenix, Blues coach Ken Hitchcock wasn't certain whether Elliott or Jaroslav Halak would play goal against Nashville, despite a season-long rule of giving his netminders the automatic start following a shutout. While Halak has six shutouts this season, Hitchcock won't regret sticking with Elliott., Other kicker notables are Danny Hrapmann (Southern Miss), David Teggart (Connecticut) and Blair Walsh (Georgia). Walsh had a fine three-year start to his career before a 21 of 35 unraveling on field goals as a senior., "I look at that a little different than some people. You mention Jake Delhomme, Jake played in the league a long time and when he couldn't play anymore because of the injury he wanted to do something. He wanted to. That coaching staff allowed him to take an active role, almost to the point of being an assistant coach. If I was still coaching I wouldn't do that. The mentor thing is overblown to me. I'm going to coach the player. I'm not going to have another player coach the player. They can be friends but when it comes to what I want him to do on the football field, that's my call not another player's call. So when Seneca said that and I know Seneca as well as anybody because he played for me, he is a good guy who wants to play football and is a very good player and has always been in a certain role but given the chance he has performed pretty well. Last year none of our quarterbacks had the supporting cast that we needed to get around them. His comments didn't bother me at all. I don't expect any of those guys to be mentors to anybody. I'm the mentor or the coach is the mentor.", The bank supplied 3.7 million pounds of food last year to more than 400 shelters, food pantries and soup kitchens in southern New Jersey, according to Evelyn Benton, executive director of the food bank., The 10 strikeouts are a season-high for Jimenez and the most by an Indians starter since Justin Masterson fanned 12 White Sox on Sept. 30, 2009. Jimenez owns 11 career double-digit strikeout games., If you've been welcoming the warmth and didn't miss winter, you don't want to know the answer., Compiled by Star-Ledger staff writer Simone Sebastian, Carlton Weddington, a Democrat from Columbus now in his second term, was charged with felony bribery, election falsification and filing a false ethics disclosure statement., While a group of third-graders played a game, Bailey who had a grandson competing, said, "Look at the game we have now. Third-graders and Dick Katte in the gym. How good is that?", Don’t like it?, The Z-Max was intended as a limited time gimmick. Not any longer., Five men charged with plotting to bomb a bridge linking two wealthy Cleveland suburbs placed what they thought were real explosives at the site and repeatedly tried to detonate them using text messages from cellphones, according to an FBI affidavit filed in court., CASE 6, Luke Hochevar (2-1, 4.98) pitched 6 1/3 innings for the win. The Indians beat Hochevar on April 13, the Royals' home opener, by scoring seven runs in the first inning. Santana eventually knocked him out of the game by lining a drive off his left ankle., Jim White has just released his fourth album, the best of his career and sure to remain, nine months from now, one of the best of 2008. A musically complex collection of 12 distinct songs, "Transnormal Skiperoo" belies its whimsical title by probing big questions about human behavior — Why do we put our faith in superstition? Why do we let our damn minds imprison us? Why do we "let some space case say false is true"? Why do spend much of our lives "turning diamonds to coal" and "counting numbers in the air"? Why are we haunted by a parent in the grave "saying what a useless thing I am"?, o Our test drive in Manhattan traffic and along rural parkways was pleasant enough, save for the ka-wham rear suspension., Rinne needed to stop just five shots in the first period and helped the team kill off two Detroit power plays., Julia Cunningham, an eighth grader in Pennsville, showed off her project “Peeping Pipes,” which looked at the functionality of homemade incubators against store bought, Kim Cannaday, a spokeswoman for the Seminole County Sheriff's Office, said she couldn't comment on what security procedures would be in place for Zimmerman if he is released. The sheriff's office does have the ability to monitor defendants outside the county if a judge requests a GPS monitor be used as a condition of release., “The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway,” Genesis (1974), Gas was discovered off Australia's remote northwest coast in the 1970s. But its exploitation has lagged behind iron ore and coal that have been easier to get and more in demand., The next task for the Golden Griffins, who are 11-0 for the first time ever, is to put the season's impressive achievements behind them. It is a point Walsh stressed at practice Sunday., He made all three of his three-pointers in the half, missed only twice in a half-dozen tries, and was the night's most sizzling southpaw on a team that includes Deshaun Thomas., New York, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Delaware and Maryland — all with Democratic or independent governors — recently joined the suit to defend the EPA against challenges from cities, states and power companies in the south and mid-west, where coal plants are the major source of power., Any doubt about that statement has been eliminated by the barrage of testimony so far in a case that will cost taxpayers millions and prove nothing more than what they already knew — that unrestrained ambition can be dangerous particularly when it is possessed by someone whose moral and ethical behavior are conditions that have little place in politics., "I wish to point out in particular the fundamental way to manage state-to-state relations is to abide by the basic norms of international relations, namely to respect China's sovereignty, core interests and choice of social system," he said., He said the leak was coming from a "pinhole" opening in a weld on a longitudinal pipe seam., The 34 venture capitalists, surveyed by Mark Cannice, professor of entrepreneurship and innovation at USF, see "a more welcoming public financial market, providing more liquidity opportunities for their portfolio firms.", Playing cards, fresh flowers and a map or guide to local attractions are among a few finishing touches you might consider to complete the space., At El Bulli, chef Adria's culinary temple in Roses, Spain, the daily supper was dubbed the "family meal," because the 75 staff members are like family. Adria and a head chef at El Bulli (now closed, but reopening in 2014 as a culinary think tank) meticulously planned "everyday varied and inexpensive meals" of an appetizer, entree and dessert, working from 100 or so favorite recipes., "We were fortunate," Offutt said. "To win big games you got to have a little luck, and you have got to be good.", The Bills have had a strong offseason in free agency and could look to trade down. They have needs on the offensive line and at receiver, though, so staying put will give them shots at Michael Floyd or ..., Bulkeley, of DES, said the agency supports efforts to address the related "adverse-childhood experiences," known as ACEs. There's no money, but the agency is offering staff time to a statewide consortium to promote ACEs research., Fathers, brothers and sons must do a better job of identifying and preventing the abuse and lethal violence that is inflicted on women across the community. We must stop remaining silent or indifferent., So here's her advice., "Riders can choose to come dressed up in any costume they want, even if it is not a superhero," they said in a statement, suggesting that guest can also "come as you are and ride in your regular attire - When riding for a cause, you are already a hero and helping others.", The January Mid-Atlantic Nursery Trade Show in Baltimore, called MANTS, is a real opportunity to see what new plants are coming down the pike in the near future because it's attended by people who retail plants in our local areas. While I didn't see any garden center owners I know, there were half a dozen Rutgers Extension volunteer master gardeners who also work in the industry. They were patrolling the booths of well-known growers for the latest perennials, shrubs and trees for the home garden., Students in the classes can prepare for the GED, or improve reading, writing or math skills for personal satisfaction, job advancement or college entrance. Adults from other countries can study English as a second language and citizenship preparation., Even as his exit from Maryland in May 2010 seemed to signal the beginning of the end of his storied coaching career, Cottle and lacrosse could never divorce themselves. So as he prepares for the start of another training camp Friday, this time as the head coach of the Chesapeake Bayhawks, it’s both a surprise and not one at all he’ll soon be blowing a whistle leading his own team once more., The sweep of "The Newlyweds" is vast, taking us from residential New York to rural Bangladesh. In an interview with The New Yorker, Freudenberger says, "Most good fiction has a character the writer seems to know more deeply than anyone can actually be known in life.", Like the service, the room can be a touch abrasive. The cinderblock wall filled with a ton of empty picture frames (apparently some kind of evocation of an Italian family basement or a dive bar) is like the design-equivalent of a comedian bombing on stage. Though it must be said, the bar side of the restaurant featuring a nice expanse of what looks like cheap-blonde wainscoting also boasts a fancy new penny-colored, copper-top bar., The Italian automaker<U+0092>s sales in Europe were impacted by a strike by transportation workers and Europe<U+0092>s struggling economy., Asked for his favorite moment in a memorable college career, the senior from Bend skipped over his two NCAA decathlon championships, and the indoor heptathlon world record he set in March., The committee said a number of statements News International executives made in 2009 were untrue, including the claim that illegal voice-mail interception was limited to one reporter and the assertion that phone hacking had been investigated thoroughly by the company. The report says News Corp.'s instinct throughout the affair was to "cover up rather than seek out wrongdoing and discipline the perpetrators.", The Cavaliers rookie grew up watching this wisp of a man, all 195 pounds of him, win a pair of NBA Most Valuable Player awards by leading Phoenix fast breaks and finessing balls into passing lanes the size of mouse holes., The filing also criticized the government for not doing enough to investigate McNamee and accused prosecutors of having a "secret campaign to shield its star witness from legitimate cross-examination.", For a country mired in major crises, some see dangers in electing a president whose biggest selling point has been his youthful charm., Both NBC and the NFL, which puts on the halftime show, apologized., From there, Flyers fans started their derisive chants of "Fleur-rrrrry! Fleur-rrrrry!" He was rattled more by the Flyers in the second period than the crowd noise., Third: the Michael Jackson one. Despite a rather weak beginning, this one really cooks after the first 10 minutes or so., But three insurance companies <U+0096> Blue Shield of California, Kaiser Permanente and Aetna <U+0096> all refused to cover me, at any price. Anthem Blue Cross said yes <U+0096> but only if I accepted a plan that would cost more than three times as much as the plan for which I applied, or $1,350 a month. The justification cited by all four insurers: pre-existing conditions., 13404 Talleywood Dr, $92,900, COASTAL, "That's big ups to our organization thinking like that because it is the biggest thing right now and we have a young crowd," fourth-year linebacker Geno Hayes said. "It's pretty big to have that at your disposal.", Tenderizing techniques, Fernandez shook his head no., Thanks, Parma, for a move that's right on target., Here's another story making the rounds: The full-body scanners will give you cancer. I find it ironic that we hold cell phones to our ears for hours a day, vegetate in front of computer screens, and cook our food in microwaves, and yet some worry about a body scan that takes seconds on the rare occasions when most of us fly., "I think that being both reform-minded and experienced is going to set my candidacy apart," Miller, who is the first person to file in District 2, said Monday in a telephone interview., After winning the Central League MVP award three times during his stint with the Yomiuri Giants in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball league, Matsui signed with the Yankees for the 2003 season., White, who on Tuesday released his first solo album, "Blunderbuss," will play two shows May 24 at the Masonic Temple's Scottish Rite Theater., "Each side models its best guess as to what the other side looks like," said Robert Mann, a former officer of Pan Am and TWA who now heads an aviation consulting business in Port Washington, N.Y., Federal predator control officers killed three cougars estimated at 18 to 20 months old on March 18. The mother and a juvenile male were killed Thursday., The Zurich-based lender also shed more risky assets during the quarter, raised new capital ..., Eric Stonestreet, "Modern Family", In our discussion, Beane's main point was that the A's and San Jose can only wait so long for the commissioner's office to clarify the situation., Brown gave a lot of credit to his Belleville West mates, as well as center midfielder Aaron Arreola of Anna-Jonesboro, whom Brown said set him up numerous times., Initially, 63 percent of boomers in the poll dismissed the idea of raising the eligibility age to keep Medicare afloat financially. But when the survey forced them to choose between raising the age or cutting benefits, 59 percent said raise the age and keep the benefits., It was hardly an art project, however. Students learned the intricacies of large-scale construction projects, as well as the importance of communication. There were two different classes, broken into multiple teams, working on various aspects of the model. The students’ discussion of communication issues with the project also elicited some chuckles in the room, as the professionals had lived through their own communication screw-ups on projects., Even now, as the city faces crisis, "most employees represented by the Coalition of Los Angeles City Unions are scheduled for 11 percent increases in compensation over the coming two years," the Times reported. Given that in February the unemployment rate in the City of Angels was 13.3 percent, according to the U.S. Department of Labor Statistics, it should be unthinkable to even consider raises for public workers., Canby ordered an "independent, third-party" to carry out a personnel investigation into the federal allegations, the statement says., One part of Richmond that has been synonymous with Asian culture for more than a century is the village of Steveston, Canada's largest commercial fishing port., D) Larry (This Will Be My Last Stop) Brown., "We have that experience now under our belt. Now we know how to deal with it, which we did the last four games away (in 2011)," Danso said. "We want to concede way less (goals) than we did this season. If we (had) picked all the points we dropped in the last minutes of the game, I feel like we would have been in the playoffs before the season was even over.", "It was just one night," Braun said. "There's no doubt this is one of the more challenging if not the most challenging place to hit home runs in the league. I think for fans, you want to see offense. Offense is exciting when teams are scoring runs. It's a lot of fun for the fans to watch. So I think if they did do that, it would make it more of a neutral ballpark. As of right now it certainly favors pitchers pretty substantially.", Lane was there as a guest of our town's Jim and Lynne Turley. Jim is the global chairman and CEO of Ernst &Young and also prez of the theater fund. Lynne is a Stages trustee., Ambrose Channel is producing stripers on eels. The only problem is the bluefish that eat up a lot of eels some days. Those blues can be jigged when birds pinpoint their presence. What you should use? Eels for stripers, and metal jigs for blues. Why is today a good day for this? Good weather and calm seas should produce good catches during ideal drifts., "It will be rebuilt," Lind said. "We've just got to believe and it will happen.", Super Tuesday's most closely watched race is likely to be Ohio, the kind of diverse swing state that a general-election candidate historically has to win. Romney faces the same conservative suspicion there that he does elsewhere., The Asbury Park Press reports the couple fled the house in March. The couple says they found clothes mysteriously ejected from closets and heard all kinds of strange noises, including the sound of something being dragged through the basement., "I'm not hearing 'never again,'" said Del. Shawn Tarrant, a Baltimore City Democrat., Proposals for auto rental and hotel taxes are nonstarters. That's going too far in assessing visitors for an amenity we all enjoy., While Doug doesn't share his dad's stern and fiery reputation, some aspects of Ken Schreiber's philosophy rubbed off., With his hip pain refusing to subside, it’s unclear if he’ll reach top form at all this season., The traveling press pool, as you can see, is already here. So let's go ahead and meet the candidates., Would the young nation survive as a union? Yes, came the answer at Appomattox in April 1865, when Confederate soldiers marched to the courthouse to stack their arms and go home in defeat., In the end, the prosecutor declined to charge the suspect with felony sexual assault and suggested the officers arrest him on a less serious misdemeanor battery charge. The case, however, would still be prosecuted with the same set of facts that appear to describe a rape — that the suspect sexually penetrated her against her will., On the extra point, Oregon lined up with Rice in shotgun behind center, the lone interior lineman in the formation. Maldanado was the blocking back while four players lined up far right and four others, far left., Most Memorable performance: The kid was born to sing "This Woman's Work," a Kate Bush song he clearly learned from Maxwell. That falsetto found its perfect match the night he sang that song., Now living in a Glendale group home, Kelly has two case managers -- one from CPS and another from Florence Crittendon, a non-profit agency that has the Maricopa County contract to help youth transition out of foster care., On a table outside his door, someone had left a small basket of pink silk roses and foil-wrapped chocolate Easter eggs. There were Easter bunny decorations on the walls of the center and a box of See's candy waiting for Quinn at the front desk., Rest assured during the regional action at Waterloo -- where Althoff, Cahokia, Mater Dei and Mascoutah also were entered -- fans at 1,200-seat Luhr Field will include others tied to the M-C. Potential spectators include M-C Hall of Famer Bob Klube, who coached Waterloo High to the 1965 state finals., Don Belcer, a resident of the High Plains Village enclave of single-family homes on the western edge of the environmental preserve asked councilors to pass a moratorium on oil and gas operations in Loveland., "There are human beings involved, (so) things don't always go the way you expect," said John Elway, the Broncos' executive vice president of football operations. "With the players, you're trying to project who they're going to be in this league. It's part research, part gut feeling, part experience.", That includes stays at high-end hotels, golf outings and limousine trips. Some county officials described the expenses as excessive., Austin, of the Economic Policy Institute, offers a look at a topic many don't want to broach: racial discrimination in hiring. Because teens are often looking for low-skilled, entry-level jobs, factors such as training or education often don't come into play, the disparity in their employment rates offer a chance to study such bias, he said., Akers hopes that the center's other programs, like teen cooking classes and a breastfeeding support group, will eventually gain the popularity of Thursdays with Theo. For her part, she has been working to spread the word about the center among the doctors at MetroHealth. Her staff members also approach patients sitting in adjacent waiting rooms and invite them to stretch out in the Center instead (the desk will call patients for their appointments)., FIRST-DEGREE BURGLARY: Police arrested two suspects for breaking into a house at 12:30 a.m. April 23 in the 4000 block of Winnebago Street. The resident inside the house was not injured., Newport, of IHS Global Insight, pointed out that prices typically decline in the fall, as the housing market slows. Demand dropped notably during the second half of last year, after a popular tax-credit offer for buyers ended., Laura CarlyleOregon State's Laura Carlyle finished on the heels of Oregon star Jordan Hasay Saturday to take second in the 1,500-meter final at the Pacific-10 Conference Track & Field Championships in Tucson., PNLL Pirates 1, He'll accept congratulations. But he doesn't jump up and down, chest-bump a teammate or ham it up for the cameras., Hewlin, who said he was the first person to hold his son when he was born, was in the room when his son expired from a gunshot wound to the head. He said he is proud of his son for making a decision at an early age to donate his organs. He said wants others to remember him for his courage as well., HP is expected to announce its selection before a meeting with analysts scheduled for next week., The Alpine Echoes specialize in German, Scandinavian and folk dance music. The 20-year old band sings and plays and tuba. Because several members also belong to the renowned Tirolean Dancers of Oregon, the audience is also treated to free dance lessons., Single tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. Feb. 11 for Maureen McGovern's 7:30 p.m. March 17 concert at the Sheldon Concert Hall., Twinsburg Mayor Katherine Procop said that during conference calls last week, the company's chief executive and several administration officials talked about bright futures for Chrysler cities., Despite serious glitches, Human Services Director Erinn Kelley-Siel says OrKids has already proven to be a useful safety tool., Next: @ Forest Hills (April 26, 5:30 p.m.), NOTTINGHAM, Pa. — The last time Donna Targett saw Boe, he seemed consoled, his pain eased, as he munched on grass in a Lancaster County field., "Lockout" marks their feature film writing/directing debut, and for all of its rough edges and dead-ends, there are still flashes of that indefinable quality — promise? talent? — that makes you hope they get other chances to try for more top-to-bottom polish and panache., The group, all clad in similar blue UK golf shirts, came into the season largely untested before ascending to No. 1, winning the Southeastern Conference in dominating fashion and capping an NCAA tournament run with a 67-59 victory over Kansas in the title game for the school<U+0092>s eighth championship., The governor’s comment’s followed a snub of the union earlier last week, when acting N.J. Education Commissioner Rochelle Hendricks refused an invitation to speak at the union’s annual convention in Atlantic City., 16520 SW Jesse Ct; 2,152 square feet; on 11/4/2010 for $290,000, Price: Arthaus Musik DVD, $95.99; available at www.naxosdirect.com., The Chen case "has been a blow for China's legal and government officials," said Zhang Mingxuan, one of China's better-known so-called house-church pastors, in an interview. "Chen Guangcheng isn't a Christian, but we Chinese Christians pray for all those in pursuit of the truth.", "The last thing we need is another big government agency putting more regulations on our businesses," Armistead said in a statement., Normally I would not make a big deal out of this, but it was on the back of the scanner that there was a reward. The glass was cracked on the front but I believe the information could still be downloaded, as those machines are very tough., LARRY DUFFIELD, 64, Merritt Island, died April 30. Wylie-Baxley Merritt Island Funeral Home., Toronto 11, Texas 5: The host Blue Jays handed the Rangers consecutive losses for the first time this season., Rainfall on New Year's Day set a record as measured at Portland International Airport. It rained 1.25 inches, beating the previous record of 1.03 inches set in 1987, said Dan Keirns, a forecaster with the National Weather Service., Researchers at University Hospitals Case Medical Center and Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine have garnered that coveted spot for the journal's Feb. 15 issue. What's getting all of the attention is a study that links, for the first time, low amounts of sleep to a higher risk of colorectal adenomas or polyps, which can become cancerous if left untreated., "I said, 'In Ellicott City?' I've lived here 10 years. I've never heard of anything like this. We thought we lived in the safest place," said Sealey, who recalled having driven by St. Peter's church several times., Wrestling begins with semifinals at 11 this morning, with third-place matches at 1 p.m. The finals are slated for 6:30 p.m., The issue of the protruding wires was discovered when some leads were removed from patients because of infection or other medical problems unrelated to the leads themselves, said Dr. Mark Carlson, chief medical officer at St. Jude. In every case, the inner insulation was intact and the leads still were working., His lawyer says Bogan suffered panic and anxiety attacks, post-traumatic stress disorder, humiliation and depression, and was demoted from detective while seeking treatment., Kennedy belongs to a tight-knit community of athletes that runs ultra-distance races — which is defined by any distance longer than the traditional 26.2-mile marathon. About 250 people went out for the various distances today in Sussex County, including 70 who attempted 100 miles., "With starting this business and coming out of so many years of chronic pain," she said, "I just feel like I'm coming alive.", It was a tough defeat for the Blazers (32-25), who had won six in a row before the All-Star break but slipped from fifth to seventh place in the Western Conference., The pair began writing what would become the pilot episode of "Salemia" in February. Characters include a mayor, played by a 2008 candidate for Salem mayor, Lloyd Chapman (who was not elected). The "Salemia" mayor has two bumbling interns tasked with correcting Salem's image problem., More Details: Gardner-White job fair, Cramming is the illegal practice of placing unauthorized, misleading or deceptive charges on local telephone bills. Slamming involves switching a phone service to a different provider without notifying the customer., LUTHERAN NORTH 44, PRINCIPIA 7 - The Crusaders did not have a runner with more than 65 yards rushing, but carried it 33 times for, In a major downtown real estate deal, some 650 employees of the PwC US accounting and consulting firm will move later this year from their office home near Ford Field to the One Detroit Center office tower in downtown<U+0092>s financial district., Something is up at Pinnacle Entertainment's River City Casino., “I don’t expect that they will be able to have the same comfortable retirement that we have now — not that it’s that comfortable,” she said. “I’m very concerned about the stability of the system.”, O’Brien told the paper she had a premonition the day before the disaster, experiencing "three warnings.", As the four visitors walked back to their cars at the south end of San Onofre Surf Beach, a security guard was waiting for them, asking what they were doing and alluding to something that was happening at the same time, Headrick said, a small incident or accident. Headrick thought it might involve an injury., But this wasn't over. The Secretary of State Police went to Sherman Dodge on March 14 to investigate. They cited the dealer for failing to transfer a title within 20 days and issued 10 citations for improper use of temporary registration permits., scandal., Give an assist to Towson football coach Rob Ambrose, who worked behind the scenes to give the players a campus opening during a hectic week., The Big Picture: A decade after it began, the series begins again, with Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield as ol’ Webhead., "It was a kind of a freak accident," said Guthrie, who played light catch Saturday. "Most of the contact was on my elbow and it kind of jammed my shoulder. I have some pain, and when that goes away, I would assume, yes, I will be healthy.", He got up and retrieved another ball. Since he didn't let go of the ball, technically, he still had to complete the frame. It was a two-pin split, and he knocked one over. When he came back for the 10th frame, the crowd applauded., On the afternoon of Super Bowl Sunday, millions of fans were getting ready to watch the big game between the Patriots and the Giants., The Lotty Dotty t-shirts ($45) and hoodie ($100) are currently 50 percent off and they are unlike anything I have ever seen. The shirts are nicely constructed of a soft fabric and feature the figure of a girl on the front of the shirt. The figure is wearing a removable satin bow that can be replaced with outfits made from designer fabrications from places like the house of Chanel. It is a paper doll concept that is really quite in genius., "What's happening here is that we have people attempting to circumvent the formal legal process, by preying on the family that's left behind," Cox said. "It's just unseemly, and we ought to think seriously about whether these calls ought to be allowed.", In November 2008, a jury acquitted Grissom of the 2006 murder of Juan Frazier, 33, of Hazelwood, in St. Louis. The same jury found Grissom guilty of escaping from St. Louis police custody, for escaping from a homicide interview room by breaking a hook that secured one of his handcuffs while he was left alone by detectives. He turned himself in 17 hours later., If you're up to no good, never, EVER use your company-issued cell phone in the process – especially at a university, since your phone records can be accessed through Freedom of Information requests., Christians over 50 will meet on Monday, May 7, at the Deerfield Methodist Church on Route 77., She has worked with some of the world's top corporations and has served on the boards of various public, private and nonprofit entities. Gregor also headed the White House Office of Presidential Personnel under George W. Bush, with responsibility for recruiting, assessing and recommending senior-level officials for administration posts. Previously, she held management roles at IBM for 13 years., COLUMBUS, Ohio — Gov. Ted Strickland has changed his mind about what the minimum age should be for slot machine players at Ohio racetracks. He has asked the Lottery Commission to require players to be 21, rather than 18 as previously recommended., McCarter regulars accustomed to sitting in orchestra rows A, B and C will be denied. “It’s all played on a giant precipice that juts from the stage and into the theater all the way to Row D,” Mann says. Also indicating a difference of time and setting will be a battered table and chaise lounge., Kenneth Caleb, a lunchtime regular at Patty's Place, a nearby restaurant, told the grand jury a salon employee burst through the door yelling hysterically to call the police, saying "`he is shooting everybody.'", Once, those words meant something to the coach, whose likeness is in bronze along Curtin Road. He has his right index finger raised, his tie askew. People stopped to snap photos with the JoePa statue throughout the afternoon. Some pointed at the wall that calls him, "Educator, coach, humanitarian.", Rep. Mike Turner (R) - $94,283, For this school year, she said, nearly 1,300 students applied to attend a Portland school despite living in or moving to a nearby district. More than three-fourths of those requests were granted, she said., Madonna has a new movie in theaters and an album coming out next month. She has never walked away from an opportunity to market her projects, and the opportunity to do a halftime show must have been irresistible to her. But a stage and set like the one she presented in Indianapolis undermines the very real force of her artistry and her message., Total compensation $83,471, "Of course there are mixed emotions,'' Strachan said after Saturday's morning skate at BankAtlantic Center. "Obviously, you want them to be winning down there, but at the same time the chance to be up here in the Stanley Cup playoffs is a hard one to pass up. Just excited to be here and help out if they need me.'', That may be the feeling for those wearing the badge, but the view's a bit different for those they're sworn to protect., 1 baked 9-inch pie shell, Cooley also worked with Castleberry and his architect to create a utility room near the bedrooms to house the washer and dryer -- another idea ahead of its time. The utility room also holds a small built-in desk, an exercise bike and ample built-in cabinetry., Green Bean (AND POTATO) Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette, Here was Detroit's franchise player, sore knee, coming off his birthday, and he wouldn't consider anything but practice. There are a lot of reasons you would like the Wings to win it all this year. One of them is still owed a cake and candles., Read more in Saturday's Star-Ledger., The organization has been able to do that in large part because of donations over the years from Komen affiliates in Columbus and Northeast Ohio, and two research grants from the national Komen office, Thomas said., Sporman said most of the students in the room have been calm despite reports of a gunman in the area, but complained they are also "hungry and tired.", His moral "leadership," it could be argued, has help to contribute to the continued disproportional ravages of HIV and sham marriages that doom so many black families and children because of gay secrets., Among the major developers in Phoenix during this era was John F. Long. A veteran, Long returned to Phoenix after the war. He started building tract homes and eventually developed Maryvale, so named after his wife, Mary., "I will say this: He's a very competitive guy; a very mentally tough guy," Fox said. "He's got excellent football character, so he can probably line up a lot of different places.", "They got to meet Chris Hemsworth, who plays Thor," said their beaming mom, Jessica Debeljak. "We came down here just hoping for a glimpse, we never expected to actually meet them.", Happy hour is Monday to Friday, 5 to 7 p.m., Authorities have interviewed all of the 17 registered sex offenders within a three-mile radius of the Celis home, the Arizona Daily Star reported., Matthew and Kristina Carter, as trustees of the Carter Family Revocable Trust, bought a 7,274-square-foot home with pool built in 2000 at Kensington Estates in Paradise Valley. Matthew Carter is a partner at Ironwood Investment Counsel, a wealth and investment firm in Scottsdale., All three Oregon producers took pains to explain to customers and consumers the steps they take to keep cages and hen houses free of manure and other disease-causing germs. They shared specifics of their respective vaccination programs and discussed daily efforts to analyze results of swabs taken from hoses and water used to wash eggs., "If he wanted to wait, he could wait," White said. "He's going to wait.", "Nothing now,'' he said. "Just think about this loss and get ready for the next game.", The Dart rolls into showrooms next month with cushy materials, sculpted seats, electronic blind-spot alert, and sporty handling and performance., "People have pretty much adjusted to the risk factor of earthquakes and go about their daily lives," said Mark DiCamillo, director of the Field Poll., These are really in no hard and fast order, for sometimes bad is bad. And you can bet your house I'm not watching them again to determine which is the absolute worst:, "Those were dark days," Opacic says. And nights. Sitting at the kitchen table, after the kids were in bed, with his 12th Diet Coke of the day, he and his wife, Sherry, a principal in Anaheim and fellow type-A-personality, would talk. She told him that all he could do was set his alarm every morning and show up for the game., "And the beer gardens such as Darley Park — writer H.L. Mencken's favorite — were part of the family culture. That was very striking to me," he said. "Also, they were committed and connected to the community. They gave money to hospitals, for instance. They just didn't come in to use the community, they were a part of it.", His backing group will be the same four musicians who have constituted his touring band since 2002: keyboardist Paul “Wix” Wickens, guitarists Rusty Anderson and Brian Ray, and drummer Abe Laboriel Jr., 9549 Tiber St, $138,001, For charcoal grill: Soak about 2 cups of wood chips in water for at least 25 minutes. Prepare a grill with charcoal briquets. Let coals burn down until covered with ash. Arrange most of the coals on one side of the grill and the remaining coals on the other side so that half the grill will be hot and the other half will be medium-low heat. Drain wood chips and spread half atop the hot side of the coals after cleaning the grill (instructions below). Alternately, add a couple of wood chunks to the coals., — Peter Genovese, In January, The New York Times called. An editor who had come across the comment suggested adapting it for the magazine and using Horner's real name., EC Southwest 4, Brawley 1. Williams (SW) 3 H., Pernell’s candidate profile says she is a graduate of Princeton University and has her M.D. from Duke Medical School. She is running on the slate backed by power broker Stephen Adubato Sr., First she blamed her students (they were all English learners and special ed.)., The donation wish list for the event is as follows: 250-315 T-shirts for committee and dancers; catered meals throughout the night; water or non-caffeinated drinks; disc jockey; live entertainment; local celebrities; plates; cups; silverware; trash cans; decorations; donor banners; tables; tablecloths; gaming devices, such as the Wii or Playstation; group activities, such as bean bag toss; coloring books; painting supplies; art supplies for children; and props and costumes for children., During his first two seasons as a member of John Dunne’s St. Peter’s College men’s basketball team, 6’7” junior center Darius Conley, who hails from Newport News, Va., has done a good job of playing a support role to the team’s upperclassmen who graduated en masse last season., Undeterred by documentary evidence and repeated judicial rejection, a group of conspiracy theorists who say President Obama was born in Africa have sued the California secretary of state to demand that she verify the eligibility of all presidential candidates before putting them on the November ballot., The Southern Poverty Law Center is an organization with deep roots in the civil rights movement. Its ingenious lawsuits helped break the back of the Ku Klux Klan and other white supremacist factions, and in recent years, it has joined the Anti-Defamation League as a reliable monitor of hate groups., BLACK WALNUT-CRUSTED PORK WITH MANGO-BERRY THYME COMPOTE AND ORANGE SAFFRON RICE, He said that many people have the mistaken impression that Habitat for Humanity gives people houses. It doesn't. It uses mortgage payments to build more homes. It's a partnership, and the partners know the rules, he said. Denson was well aware of what would happen if she fell 90 days behind, Weeks said., The Rangers, bracing for the possibility Hamilton will demand a longer contract than they're willing to provide, considered signing Fielder, a slugging first baseman, this past winter. They figured Fielder would not only anchor their offense but also make it much more palatable to let Hamilton walk away., Former partner in the private Chicago-based Jenner and Block law firm, which has an expertise in Supreme Court litigation., 2010 UC/CSU eligible grads: The percentage of students who graduated high school meeting minimum requirements to attend University of California or California State University systems., Frazier, recently stricken with liver cancer, died Tuesday night at the age of 67. Some 15,000 are expected to attend a public memorial viewing this weekend in Philadelphia., Adriana Braciak, Cardozo, “In a nutshell, its been co-opted by the industry, so on one hand they have some mission of only supporting ‘independent’ stores, but then the bulk of releases are overpriced crap from major labels - the same ones that tried to destroy indie stores back when they had any power in the 1990s,” Steinhardt says. “On top of that, I think the collector culture of vinyl is really dangerous for the longevity of the format. So while this day claims to be celebrating the format, by being all about limited ephemera and not about music, it’s rapidly speeding up the music industry’s demise.”, The Sharks had a chance to regain the lead a minute into the final period, but a shot from the high slot by Devin Setoguchi deflected off the stick of teammate Joe Thornton and hit the crossbar., The three young men and two women perform with gusto, swaying to the music, tapping their accordions and clapping their hands overhead. Their catchy cover, recorded in December, became a sensation as it challenged the world's preconceptions about North Koreans., Scientists say the meteorite is probably the most significant event of its kind since the late 1960s. That is because it likely is composed of carbonaceous chondrite, the earliest solid material to form in our solar system more than 4 1/2 billion years ago, before the planets took shape., “What’s at stake is the people's rights,” said Richard Luzzi, president of the Morristown Tea Party and co-counsel in the case to recall Menendez. “It’s the founding principles of the country. Either the power is with the people who elect and maintain their representatives, or the representatives rule over the people.”, (The story has been corrected to delete erroneous reference to James Cameron in first paragraph and conforms throughout), Gaga taped the voice-over back in August, at the time admitting it was "a little nerve-wracking." She told EW.com, "I make music, but I don't do voice-overs every day of the week, and their characters are so awesomely convincing and sincere and wild and funny, I had to remind myself constantly of the sincerity of the humor.", Does Obama's announcement change Brown's support for the president? "Absolutely not. Because Scripture says we all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God.", But for Benedict, reconciliation with the society is not just a matter of doctrine., 3447 3 Tweebster (M Smith)5/2, "Right now, we don't have a source of credit. Until that gets solved, I'm not sure what our next move is," Sutton said. "We're not anywhere different than we were before all these people started going to the county.", Asked whether she was worried Ross' exit might affect the marketing of her Pixar animated film "Brave," producer Katherine Sarafian quickly changed the subject., 2: FENTRESS - Jackson Rice, P, Felix Cavaliere's Rascals 7 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 3. $35-$45., The victim alerted police and a perimeter was set up to search for the suspect, but officers were unable to find him., 400 Beale Street #908, $420,000, 03-16-12, 694 SF,, R1: 15 R2: 14, 19 R3: 25 R4: 19 R5: 18 R6: 2, 24, 30 R7: 22, MODESTO — A Stanislaus County sheriff's deputy and a civilian were killed Thursday when gunfire erupted as authorities tried to serve an eviction notice at an apartment complex here, officials said., A: In 1991 the Giants beat the Buffalo Bills in Super Bowl XXV, 20-19. The Bills’ kicker, Scott Norwood, missed a 47-yard field-goal attempt with eight seconds left. This 1991 Super Bowl was the first one Super Bowl in which no turnovers were committed by either team., BEIJING, Bicycling around the square, "I was quite surprised by how normal things are — by contrast with 9/11," said Charles B. Strozier, who heads the Center on Terrorism at Manhattan's John Jay College of Criminal Justice., "Playboy, moi?" Sachs once asked a reporter, giving collective voice to many of his peers. "I would rather call myself a gentleman." Famous for wooing French bombshell Brigitte Bardot by dropping hundreds of roses onto the grounds of her house from a helicopter (it worked, she married him) and the mock boast that he never worked a day in his life, Sachs left behind a bankroll estimated to be as much as $455 million, a modest sum compared to the billions being made by today's mega-yacht crowd., In contrast, Verizon last week reported adding 501,000 subscribers on contract-based plans, of which about half were tablet users., Written by Frank Higgins and directed with flair by Andrea Frye, "Black Pearl Sings!" was inspired by a real project, the Depression-era search for American roots music that was sponsored by the Library of Congress., Years ago, when WLNY then WLIG were deemed a must-carry for local cable systems, Cablevision fought that decision. Cablevision claimed WLNY had no value., 13425 SW Carr St; 1,440 square feet; on 8/26/2011 for $209,000, You know, we actually had the opportunity where we all met as a cast, as a family, and had dinner together., Transplanting Kirn's book to the present-day economy means Bingham is a supremely busy man - so much in demand that his quest to rack up 10 million frequent-flier miles is finally within reach. But what is the toll of hopping from city to city, living in hotel rooms and airport terminals with no one and nothing to return to back home?, In the end, that's really what this list is about. You may love your favorite bar for reasons only you can explain — maybe it's across the street from your office, or it's where you set a personal best on Golden Tee, or it's where you were sitting that magical night in 1998 when you first looked deep into your future wife's eyes and told her you loved Scott Brosius., "We battle out here - football or swords," Johnjay says. "We lay on the grass, eat oranges.", In addition, the agency said the methodology used to build the new map was more sophisticated than that for the 1990 version, so the maps aren't directly comparable. The new map relies on data from 8,000 weather stations and also takes into account topography, prevailing wind, elevation, proximity to large water bodies and other factors not used to create the 1990 map., The Wall Street Journal has us cringing. A recent article ("Tight Ties, Killer Heels: Clothes Make the Fashion Victim") warned that our clothing is causing real damage - to something other than our bank accounts., Still, who couldn't help but marvel at the multitudes who turned out last Saturday for the Sermon on the Monument?, NORTH OLMSTED-An offensive leader., NEW YORK -- Maybe American consumers are better off than everybody thought., Attempts at engagement were on display last week when Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Secretary of the Treasury Timothy Geithner and a host of high-level American officials traveled to China for the fourth round of the Strategic and Economic Dialogue. Each side promised to increase economic integration, scientific exchanges and environmental cooperation. Human rights have not been a significant part of these meetings. When the two sides do discuss human rights, the talks are held separately and are led by lower-level officials., Context: The sweet fruit and soft tannins of the cabernet franc make it one of those rare red wines that can be sipped just on its own, though it also has the spine to stand up to barbecued tri-tip, grilled chicken with a berry sauce, or braised pork with a salsa built on pineapple and orange., In "Slow Moves" González sings, "Behind the scenes they grow their schemes / Hiding intentions, revealing only fractions"; in "Crosses," he cautions about "People staring they know you've been broken"; in "All You Deliver," he situates the listener "on the verge of ruin" and warns, "You'll see it all clear / How steep the fall is / How long the way back is / By the time you reach your goal / Tongues will be twisted / To the point where you'll lose track of your soul"; in the robustly strummed "Save Your Day," which would sound right with a full band arrangement a la early Fairport Convention, he instructs, "Poke the body with a stick roll it down / Ignore the moaning as it tumbles to the ground ... The grave looks cold but we're still young"; and in "Stay in the Shade," propelled by a Drake-like fingerpicking pattern that one could imagine fleshed out with a string quartet, he revisits the recurring images of death and deception: "Stay in the shade until you reach the grave / Hide from yourself and see how you fade.", Still the role of environmentalism is not to bargain away any landscape but rather to defend them all. Oregon is beautiful because it set limits on growth, not because environmentalists succumbed to making deals. Smokestacks and wind farms do bring jobs, but so do they kill every other job that depends on beauty., By the time Sen. Alex Padilla, D-Los Angeles, introduced Senate Bill 602 in February 2009, health care facilities, and public and private school cafeterias were exempt. So were farmers markets, most grocery stores and eateries in Riverside, San Bernardino and San Diego counties because those counties already had their own training., Season recap: The versatile Todd set a state record in the triple jump at 41 feet, 5 inches at the Chandler Rotary Invitational. She then ran 11.73 seconds to win the 100 meters at the meet, but crossed the finish line hobbling with a slight hamstring pull. She shut it down for a while, but came on strong at season's end, despite not being 100 percent recovered. She won the long jump, triple jump and anchored Chandler's winning 4x100 relay at the Division I championships at Mesa Community College. She topped her 19-6<U+FFFD> long jump at state the following week with a leap of 19-8<U+FFFD> at the Meet of Champions., District 11, The returns also show Quinn gave less to charity _ about $11,600 compared to $17,400 in the previous year., Nelson, who ran for Cleveland mayor in 2005, has served on the city's Civil Service Commission, the board of Central State University in Wilberforce and the Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District. The 61-year-old former teacher now works as an attorney and founded the 100 Black Men of Greater Cleveland., WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama says the death of Libya's Moammar Gadhafi and ending the U.S. war in Iraq are powerful reminders of America's renewed leadership in the world., For instance, David Backes has 10 goals, 28 points and a plus-22 rating in 33 home games. In 26 road games, the skipper has seven goals, 14 points and a minus-5 mark., Jeanene Moenckmeier, one of the defense lawyers at the trial, told a reporter she didn't remember having seen it either., Pujols went 1 for 5 with two RBIs a day after homering for the first time this season. He's hitting .197 after signing a $240 million contract., Even rent hadn't been paid. The school risked losing one of its campuses., $53.8 million: Amount of sales tax money collected on the 0.75 percent Franklin County sales tax and distributed to the county, second in total behind Cuyahoga County. There also is a 0.5 percent transit tax in Franklin County, for a total sales tax rate of 6.75 percent., David Beckham played after being listed as questionable with back spasms for the Galaxy (3-3-0), which has won two in a row., In another district of the capital, Qadam, protesters carried a banner reading, "Bashar is slaughtering the people and the international community is silent.", Collins indicated the combination of Nieuwenhuis’ recent success batting leadoff and Torres perhaps still needing at-bats in his return from the disabled list were the basis for his lineup decision., "I've been telling people that all day. It took me five years to get here but it's exciting and it's going to be a fun ride," he said. "We're definitely not looking forward to ending it any time soon.", Maybe UConn carries the banner farther than anyone expected, but the Huskies have Kemba Walker, a kid who can beat teams by himself because he is the closest thing the tournament has had to a machine. Even when his team is dragging from the burden of eight games in 17 days, he’s scoring 36 points., oUnemployed, broke and beyond happy, I arrived home almost a year later. My parents remained unamused., He even jabbed Newark's tweet-happy Mayor Cory Booker, tweeting to a follower, "I think @corybooker would have to agree. Otherwise he should get his sense of smell checked.", Gallup's initial tracking poll found that an equal number of Republicans and Democrats -- 90% -- say they support their nominee. Independents broke 45% for Romney to 39% for Obama. He also won, 46% to 39%, among independents in the Quinnipiac poll. But CNN had independents favoring Obama, 48% to 43%., A merger would quell that fight -- which could raise the ire of regulators, antitrust experts said., At about 1:20 a.m. the body was covered in a white sheet, another eyewitness reported., There also will be a public memorial service on Monday at Memorial Coliseum starting a noon. Doors will open at 11 a.m., Which means ..., "They are going from building to building looking for any of the troops left but I think everyone has left already," he said., Cho reiterated what he told The Oregonian last week: He is exploring the market and might even bring players to Portland for private workouts, but he will continue to bring a “wait and see” approach to the process. Cho is comfortable doing this, in part, because of the progress Joel Przybilla is making in his rehabilitation from two offseason knee surgeries., Mourdock, who could have used the question to challenge some of Lugar's votes over the years, instead spoke about a nation that has strayed from its roots., Two of those runs ended in touchdowns in Sunday evening’s 24-16 win victory over the Cincinnati Bengals, and coach John Harbaugh said those scores were the latest indicator of Rice’s ability to finish plays., Without much fanfare, Delta Air Lines offered flights this spring to some European cities for as little as $138 round trip. Taxes included. The offer was gone within a few hours, leading some experts to think it was a pricing error. Delta declined to comment., "The threat is pretty much gone over there," she said., Located at 1 Garfield Ave. near Exit 14A off the New Jersey Turnpike on the border of Bayonne and Jersey City, Hudson-Bayonne Lanes is conveniently placed for the local or out-of-town bowling enthusiast., "I'm always cracking up when I hear what people think I should be doing," he says. "I'm doing exactly what I always wanted to do, and I still like what I can do musically. I'm doing exactly what I should be doing, every day on the road.", "The reality is that real change is slow," she said at a recent fundraiser. "And it never happens all at once.", In technology, size isn't always an asset, as HP is learning. One of the biggest challenges for Whitman will be to figure out how big HP needs to be. It's a key question that has tripped up a string of CEOs, from Carly Fiorina and her hard-fought battle to buy Compaq Computer, to Mark Hurd and his $20 billion acquisition spree and 50,000 job cuts, and Apotheker's poorly received plan to steer HP away from lower-margin areas of computer hardware., The house's sewage feeds into a 500-gallon, underground septic tank. According to Margaux, the county requires a 1,500-gallon tank., Regardless of the motive, the slayings gave many judges pause., To make dressing, whip egg in blender then slowly add oils then the rest of the dressing ingredients. Blend thoroughly and pour over the tortellini and tomatoes to taste. Sprinkle chopped basil over salad., Abington Memorial Hospital, Witnesses say the speeding boat was going about 25 mph and the other boat was following the nighttime no-wake rule., The bankruptcy settlement between the Atkinsons and their company's creditors didn't seek the return to company coffers of more than $1 million in criminal-defense retainers paid by US Fidelis on the Atkinsons' behalf., Colorado defensive end Conrad Obi (6-3, 290) appeared in 41 career games, including all 25 over the past two seasons. After playing just 99 snaps on defense in his first three years, he was on the field for 381 snaps on defense and made seven starts as a senior. Obi totaled 36 tackles during his four seasons with the Buffaloes, including a career-high 31 tackles, three pass break-ups, one tackle for loss, and one fumble recovery in 2011., Every 10 years, Ohio is required to change legislative and congressional districts to match population shifts. This is one of those years. Each of the 99 state House districts should have about 117,000 residents. Each of 16 congressional districts should have about 721,000 residents. (Ohio now has 18 U.S. House seats but is losing two.), "You gotta hold on to the love," he says. "That's all you can do.", "That was an awesome win for us because we were down 2-0 and that's not an easy thing to recover from," said Kahoks senior Taylor Seaman, who scored the second goal against Althoff. "In the second half, we came out stronger than we've been all year. We've really come together as a team.", In the Philadelphia area, "most of the compensation is weighted toward cash as opposed to equity," Cwirko-Godycki said. Locally, the trend - 39.8 percent in equity and 60.2 percent in cash - almost exactly mirrors Roberts' compensation., Union Rags was second in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile and won by four lengths in the Fountain of Youth Stakes at Gulfstream Park. He has won four of six races., "The mass and scale of those buildings just doesn't fit into the surrounding community," he said., League general managers say Cho has been active at different points of the season, mostly making informal calls and not really offering up any concrete proposals. But that has shifted in the last week, and with the Blazers holding a couple of attractive assets, I'm eager to see how Cho will proceed., Rafael Furcal, Jon Jay (11-game hitting streak) and Matt Holliday singled to account for one run., Hawkins turned Omar Vizquel's line drive into a game-ending double play for his first save with the Angels., Though it is too soon to predict how The Daily will fare financially, Murdoch said News Corp. spent about $30 million to start the project. Operating costs will run roughly a half million dollars per week., The boy, 10-year-old Anthony Maldonado of Palisades Park, was stabbed in the chest early Saturday at a housing project in Harlem., Agnes and her mom proudly dropped off the donations at the shelter on Wednesday., Jackie Ramsey* 1,243, Bald head, tattoos, here I stand., "He was such a gentle soul and so easy to work with," said Meyers, who was named president in 2000. "The fact that we have so many employees who have stayed their whole career here speaks volumes about him.", Both men are here for the same reason., The move could either bolster Rubio's appeal to be Romney's running mate at a time when the presumptive nominee is struggling mightily with Hispanic voters. Or it could lead to a divisive internal debate within the GOP and wound the rising star's standing on the right., Prospect Heights 15, Canarsie 12: Jorge Vargas had two hits, scored twice and drove in three, Walfi Regalado had three hits, scored three runs and drove in one and Carlin Morillo had four hits, scored three runs and drove in three more for Prospect Heights (6-5) in Brooklyn B Central. Adeel Tabasum had two hits, scored three runs and drove in two for Canarsie (6-2)., Gearon, in a public speech at a local charity event Wednesday, called Garnett “the dirtiest guy in the game.” Gearon’s comments appeared in an ajc.com blog post Wednesday and made their way to Garnett, who began his postgame comments by criticizing Gearon., Narcotics violation. 400 block South Coast Highway. A caller said a man walking towards the White House had what appeared like a bong or some type of instrument in his hand, which he was attempting to hide in his jacket pocket. 9:35 p.m., O'Malley stood where he stood, the Dodgers haven't won a World Series in 23 years, and now the world has rotated back to him., ST. PAUL, Minn. - While most of his teammates made their way to the team bus for a ride back to the hotel, Blackhawks center Jonathan Toews labored on., Instead, bank those days and cash them in for a sweet parting gift when you retire., For Chief Hull, the bond election will be the next-to-last step in a long journey. Hull, who began working for the district in 1977, is retiring June 29, handing over the reins to Division Chief Bob Morrissey, chosen by the board to be the next chief., Michael Chiarello, the Food Network personality and former chef-partner of St. Helena's Tra Vigne, is back behind the stoves in Napa Valley after a decade-long absence. His new 90-seat restaurant, Bottega, in Yountville's V Marketplace (formerly Vintage 1870), was given a face-lift by local architect Michael Guthrie. The old fir floors, timber beams and brick walls remain, but Italy inspired almost everything else, from the Venetian plaster walls and Murano glass chandeliers to the Frette linens., Perez and his partner were headed back to their office after conducting several unrelated interviews when they saw two people chasing down a man in a shopping center's parking lot., NBA Pacers at Magic 11 a.m. ESPN Grizzlies at Clippers 1:30 p.m. ESPN Thunder at Mavericks 4:30 p.m. TNT Spurs at Jazz 7 p.m. TNT, 3-pointers: Team (.386); Brady Heslip 98; Pierre Jackson 65. Last Ten: 7-3., DULLAHAN, It lowered its earnings projection earlier this week, citing a charge it must take related to damages from the disaster. It had initially expected to return to profit., <U+0095> Vision and elusiveness when he penetrates. No one has ever been better at slicing between defenders and improvising with crafty layups, floaters, stepback jumpers or passes to open teammates., Democrats say the overt signs of unity between the Clintons and Obama put the president at a distinct advantage over Romney. The former Massachusetts governor must soothe the wounds from his GOP primary fight and figure out whether the last Republican president, George W. Bush, will have a role in the 2012 race., "No comments today," said Dimora's attorney Bill Whitaker as he helped his client wade through a pack of reporters waiting for Dimora to amble up South Main Street toward the federal courthouse., DENVER — Juan Nicasio pitched six solid innings, Troy Tulowitzki hit a two-run double and the Colorado Rockies overcame Matt Kemp's latest homer, beating the Dodgers, 6-2, on Monday night at Coors Field., "Nothing can bring back her husband, but it is reassuring to her that, after all of the noise and distractions surrounding this case, some measure of justice has been done for Rusty," Little said., 6. "21 Jump Street," $10.2 million ($2.9 million international)., There are two top All-Star reserve candidates in point guards Mo Williams and Jameer Nelson looking to make the squad for the first time., That's right. I'm putting the shih tzu on a cookie jar and Grandma on a night-light., "There are customers here right now," he said today., The bridge has long been closed to vehicle traffic., Connectivity and wayfinding, including directional signage and the ease in moving around town., Sam Sulaiman, 23, was in the middle of a three-hour forensic science exam when the second threat came in two weeks ago. His professor had to make a new test and call students in to retake it. "The more it happens, you just don’t know when to take it seriously," he said., Geoff's consolation to himself: "This is the first time in 51 years, my mother and brother are in the audience." Really? He's never sang for both of them at home? Wow, now's his chance!, He pointed to the word "math" as an example — he can't get the "th" sound down. He's sure his terrible handwriting didn't help in the essay portion of previous competitions (it's done online for nationals), and he had struggled with the literature test in the past., U.S. Rep. Earl Blumenauer, whose congressional district includes the northern half of Clackamas County, requested the funding as part of the Fiscal Year 2009 Omnibus Appropriations Act signed into law by President Barack Obama., "That's the million-dollar question," she said. "What do they do? Do they file for bankruptcy? Or do they just not pay their bills?", "It's a beautiful rural road and is truly a joy to travel on, especially on a bike," said Mike Penrose, county Transportation Department director., "Mo is wearing our gear," Salazar said. "I don't have to sneak him in the back door at Nike anymore.", The Tochterman centennial is just four years off. Did you ever think 100 years was within reach?, It may be a prejudice, but people are continually surprised to find this caliber of restaurant in the Westin Hotel on Third Street just off Market. I can't tell you how many times people have written me to let me know they were skeptical but became converts after tasting Richard Corbo's take on rustic Venetian-inspired food. His specialties include a stellar sformato, a dense souffle made with lobster and ground polenta when I visited; perfectly done arancini (risotto balls); and halibut cheeks with polenta and jalapeno-mint marinara. With a sexy interior and one of the best outdoor spaces in the city, it's a great addition to the dining scene., Portland-themed lunch, "These costs are currently being absorbed by the departments and may result in reduced service levels in other areas in the future," said Julie Moore, a spokeswoman for Mayor Mike McGinn. She did not specify which public services might suffer., WASHINGTON — Bucking the Obama administration, Supreme Court justices seemed to find little trouble Wednesday with major parts of Arizona's tough immigration law that require police to check the legal status of people they stop for other reasons., He spoke of what might have led investigators astray. And he claimed that he has "hundreds and hundreds" of hours of additional recordings that include conversations by public officials and employees committing illegal acts., Toney ran into further problems on the morning of April 12. Charging documents filed in District Court in Annapolis allege that Toney became enraged while driving with his two children, ages 3 and 14., Two physical realities constrain progress on this front. First, manned spacecraft are heavy. Humans venturing into space must take food, water, other consumables, life-support equipment, medical and safety equipment, and fuel and hardware to return them to Earth. Also, any launch vehicle carrying people into space has to be subjected to quality controls far higher than those imposed on unmanned spacecraft, further driving up costs., The central bank's key interest rate has been at a record low near zero since December 2008. An increase in that rate would boost lending rates charged to consumers. These include rates on certain credit cards, home equity loans and some adjustable-rate mortgages., Some say Ward has been unfairly criticized, including Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York and others., TRENTON — Assembly leaders today put on hold their proposal to reform the binding-arbitration process after members of the Democratic majority balked at signing on to the legislation., They've had Apple employees ask for cases -- at a discount., Greeley ordered a federal prison in Butner, N.C., to treat Gary Mikulich of Kingsford, first by trying to get him to take the medication orally. Mikulich's lawyer opposed the involuntary treatment., In addition to the county's contribution, the $100 million proposed for phase three would include $25 million from the federal Surface Transportation Program and $50 million from MoDOT, including $20 million from its "innovative financing program," which essentially provides matching funds when local governments put up money for a project., If that compromise is unsatisfactory, then I'd at least appreciate not being accused of ulterior political motives when I and others like me simply react to the gay community's lawsuits that threaten our vision of the key institution in a healthy society., 22825 SW 94th Ter; 1,591 square feet; on 8/22/2011 for $211,000, I'm no expert, but this kind of training strikes me as incredibly beneficial. Essentially, it's just a different form of what weight-lifters do every workout: exceed limits for the express purposes of recovering and rebuilding. My hamstrings, for instance, are probably stronger today than they were before the class., Hunt's position matches that of the state's main teacher's union and other education interest groups, which have been pleading for the additional $100 million for weeks. Kitzhaber said he's unwilling to commit to more K-12 money until he sees details of the rest of the state budget and can be persuaded that the state would have enough in reserves to weather another economic downturn two years from now., record book lists 13.9 inches. Only the lucky shovelers remember it that way., Based on computer models that did not take into account Portland history and politics, the company proposed four options. Carole Smith weighed and discarded three of them: closing Marshall and Jefferson; closing Lincoln and Franklin; or closing Marshall, Madison and Roosevelt., Terry's financial expertise comes from experience. She started her career as a stockbroker, and became a founding member -- and the first woman trader -- on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. Savage was also a member of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange where she traded interest rate contracts and currency futures. She is a registered investment advisor for both stocks and futures., Ornamental oranges are even stranger. They look like real oranges, but they're inedible. Why would that be considered an improvement? How would you present that idea to your bosses?, Crisply directed by Jill Sprecher (Clockwatchers) with an effectively creepy (but funny) turn from Billy Crudup and a doddering (but funny) one from Alan Arkin, Thin Ice finds Mickey, desperate for cash, trying to scam Gorvy, an absentminded old farmer (Arkin), out of his prized violin. Gorvy has only recently discovered its worth - it's been a toy he lets his pet dog, Petey, play with. But an instrument appraiser tells him it's an 18th-century Viennese gem, valued in the five figures, at least., "It requires a real mindset change," Stokes said. "I wasn't ready for it.", "I saw the baby there, and I thought, 'I better man up and go out there,'" said Davenport, who has three brothers including a twin. "If that were me stuck on the roof, I would hope someone would come and help me.", Marissa, "Combining multiple errands and avoiding unnecessary short trips can enable someone to save money that way and keep their plans for a longer trip.", Stupidity, though, also has its place., Vineyard breakdown: 20 acres, 6 of which are planted, with winery, tasting room, vineyards and home are all on-site., Bradshaw won't have a chance to redeem himself in Mara's eyes this season. NBC will broadcast the Feb. 5 rematch between the Giants and New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI., The Institute for Supply Management's better-than-expected report, improving manufacturing data overseas and a surprise jump in U.S. construction spending in June, helped push stock markets higher. Following last week's report that the U.S. economy shrank less than expected in the second quarter, many economists believe the longest recession since World War II may be over, though any recovery will be subdued., 6404 Hagemann Rd, $300,000, In 1787, the same colonists who had demanded equal rights in their dealings with England wrote a Constitution that reduced blacks to three-fifths of a person. Nearly 80 years would pass before that changed and another century before blacks would be assured the vote., Bates and Hankins also have formidable war chests. Bates has raised $104,306, with $27,831 left to spend, and Hankins has raised $107,144, with $68,051 left to spend., Oaken Barrel is one of many breweries that have expanded sales through bottling and outside distribution. Bottles are labeled one at a time, then filled and capped four at a time on a capping machine. Cardboard six-pack containers are unfolded from a flat pack and filled by hand., What if the 1906 earthquake repeated itself in 2006?, According to state business filings, United Repair Plans is a fictitious name registered to something called St. Aubrey Services. Brent Martin, a lawyer, is identified as that company's organizer and registered agent., Identifying the most important people in someone's life is a tricky task for researchers, said Ruth Mace, an evolutionary anthropologist at University College London who was not involved in the study., AT&T's Mr. Siegel said slowing down heavy data consumers is a way to ensure that all customers can use the company's network., The slices of fish are subtly accented with smoked almonds, olives and thin translucent shards of coriander brittle; another unusual idea that contributes a wow factor that's so important in enticing trendy diners today., The Minnesota Medical Association could support more disclosure about physicians, depending on the specific requirements, said Dr. Robert Meiches, chief executive of the organization., The largest portion of districts &mdash 47 percent — said up to 5 percent of teachers would be gone. Almost 37 percent of districts said they would reduce teaching staff by 6 percent to 10 percent, another 11 percent said there would be a 11 percent to 15 percent reduction, and almost 5 percent said they would cut 16 percent or more of their teachers., He said the team has had several issues, especially in the fourth quarter, particularly committing too many turnovers (six Tuesday) and containing Mavericks forward Dirk Nowitzki, who has scored 32 of his 61 points in the series in the fourth quarter., Studies show that a majority of abused prescription drugs are obtained from family and friends, including from the home medicine cabinet., The death of the 80-year-old Steinbrenner, who had been in poor health for years, highlights a quirky tax situation that has drawn much scrutiny among the moneyed but little on Main Street. Only those with estates valued at more than $3.5 million had to pay under the old law., But, in stark contrast to the attitude taken with the fire department, Rainford called the police department "the city's top budgetary priority.", The refunds will apply to people who bought tickets before the FAA shutdown began on July 23 and then traveled during the shutdown. Passengers who bought tickets after the shutdown began didn't pay the taxes anyway. They paid higher fares instead., U.S. Rep. Tim Ryan, a Democrat from Niles, will face Republican Marisha Agana, a pediatrician from the Warren area, in the 13th District. The district includes the Youngstown area and parts of Summit and Stark counties., Esser filled us in on the brewery's expansion plans, which include a push to increase brewing capacity and a goal to begin bottling in the near future. "We're about ready to start brewing a lot more beer," brewery president Mike Rami says. While our group enjoyed the Six Row brews available for sample on Saturday, a guest tap at the bar caught my eye: Nebraska Brewing Co., which began St. Louis distribution this month, has its Cardinal Pale Ale on draft., Neither Obama nor Clinton offered information as the administration and the Chinese government sought to prevent the biggest human-rights issue with China since the 1989 Tiananmen Square demonstrations from disrupting high-level strategic and economic talks set to begin in Beijing on Thursday. Clinton left Washington for Beijing late Monday night., She said pavement for the new lanes is in place and bridgework has been finished. However, the weather has prevented such work as erasing temporary lines painted on the roadway, a project that requires blasting away the paint with water. That must be done before re-striping can occur and the new lanes and bridges can be put into use, she said., The scandal, he said, hasn't affected him., A banquet hall decorated with Egyptian-themed art in the Quindaro neighborhood of Kansas City, Kan., draws throngs of soul food seekers, many in their best church-going clothes, each Sunday. They line up out the door of Nefertiti to feast at an all-you-can-eat buffet of caterer Rita Anderson<U+0092>s Southern-inspired dishes. She is most famous for her hot water cornbread, small cakes that are lighter than the typical Midwestern buttermilk cornbread. Trays of piping hot fried chicken, fried fish, ham, roast beef, mixed greens and candied sweet potatoes keep coming out from the kitchen throughout the afternoon. Customers sometimes have to wait for the next batch of cabbage, scalloped potatoes, macaroni and cheese or peach cobbler, but they don<U+0092>t seem to mind because it<U+0092>s so fresh., Fourteen bands and drill teams high-stepped their way through the 1.5-mile route, stopping to perform in front of the Edward Jones Dome and hundreds of enthusiastic supporters,, "It's an epidemic right now throughout the country," Whidden said. "They call it liquid gold.", So B-Rabbit's only option is to "lose yourself in the music, the moment, you own it, you better not let it go.", Not for one moist minute, Mr. Happy Pants. In three weeks, the days start getting shorter again., He actually thought he'd still be renting that cottage in the Isle of Wight, doing the garden and digging the weeds, all between bouts of delirious sex with the second perfect love of his life., The images have been used on all sides of the immigration reform debate., Here's the problem: PolitiFact never said such a thing. In fact, it later labeled that very claim as a "Pants on Fire" lie. And it's a bad scene when your supposed sources are calling you a liar., "People who don't know will ask," he said., Are the Blazers interested in real answers on Oden? Are they willing to explain to their ticket-buying fan base what they think is happening with their center? Beyond that, is Oden himself getting an accurate picture? You certainly hope the answers are yes, but we've passed through the threshold of waving things off as just a "freak injury" long ago when it comes to Oden. You now have to wonder if the franchise's desire to justify Oden's as the No.1 pick three years ago is what's driving some of this., 9164 E. Stockton Blvd., Elk Grove, (916) 686-4411;, The Renewable Fuels Association, an ethanol industry group, said the EPA could have avoided market confusion if they had approved ethanol for more vehicles. The agency has said it will consider the higher ethanol concentration for vehicles made between 2001 and 2006 after the first of the year. It's unclear whether they will ever approve the blend for cars made before 2001., "We've had enough of Sarkozy, the way he takes decisions without consulting anyone," said Stephane Thomas, 24, after voting in Paris' 10th arrondissement., The song at the beginning of this podcast is "River," a cut from "Set 'Em Wild, Set 'Em Free," the latest album from the band Akron/Family, which is neither from Akron nor a family. It's a trio featuring friends Dana Janssen, Seth Olinksy and Miles Seaton. Janssen, the band's drummer, explains everything in the podcast, including the origins of the band's name. But first a bit of business., The judge, Joan Humphrey Lefkow, ruled against Ross four times last year and ultimately dismissed his case. In one of his filings, Ross compared attorneys and state and federal judges to "Nazi-style criminals" and wrote that they "are to me terrorists as much as Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda are terrorists to the United States.", 3080 Churchill Dr, $59,900, "The intention of the Justice, Health, and Welfare Committee has always been and continues to be to streamline the process through which vendors obtain Department of Health permits to sell at County farmers markets," Wasinger wrote. "The issue of a moratorium on permit fees was never the primary purpose of our Committee hearings.", The victory completed an improbable comeback for 12-year-old Twill Do, who was forced out of racing for several months after suffering bruised ribs at last year's Grand National. Trainer Billy Meister, also the jockey of And The Eagle Flys, brought him along slowly and last week saw him take fourth place at the Grand National., oIn the last year, they were more likely to be employed as waiters, waitresses, bartenders and food-service helpers than as engineers, physicists, chemists and mathematicians combined (100,000 versus 90,000). There were more working in office-related jobs such as receptionist or payroll clerk than in all computer professional jobs (163,000 versus 100,000). More also were employed as cashiers, retail clerks and customer representatives than engineers (125,000 versus 80,000)., A borrowed landscape is a positive thing when it's beautiful. When it's not, it's a whole other story. Laura Hoffer, of Arcturis Design offers these tips for coordinating side-by-side gardens., Serve in a bowl over rice or noodles, or with a side of tortillas, bread or chips., The cause was kidney failure, said Tammy Broussard, a close friend and caretaker., (Additional reporting by Jessica Mortimer; editing by Philippa Fletcher), The UO men's team, meanwhile, apparently will get a boost from the football team with the inclusion of freshman sprinter De'Anthony Thomas., Yallop, 48, was clear on one aspect of Saturday's match: He downplayed the significance of winning his 100th game. He became the sixth MLS coach to achieve the milestone, following Sigi Schmid (160), Bruce Arena (131), Bob Bradley (124), Steve Nicol (112) and former Quakes coach Dominic Kinnear (102)., But now Pierson, a quiet kid from East St. Louis, had to talk about his performance <U+0097> and what it all meant in the context of the first spring game of the Weis regime., 9. Respect women, parents and his nation's laws., Brio is one of two brands out of the Columbus, Ohio-based Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Inc. Brio is the upscale brand, while Bravo is described by the company as "polished casual." The planned 7,800-square-foot restaurant will include indoor eating for 230 with outdoor patio seating for approximately 30 more., "I immediately came through the yellow tape and wanted to know what was going on," Brooks recounted. "I went on the porch, and I saw my dad.... I needed answers at that point, so I just went into work mode. And obviously I was upset, but I wanted to know why this happened.", "Until that evaluation is done, nobody is getting a raise -- it's that simple," he said., Just outside the museum is the popular Springmaid Pier, the longest pier in the city at more than 1,000 feet, with sweeping views of the Myrtle Beach oceanfront. Both the pier and its restaurant, Barnacles, have recently undergone renovations., Jockey: W. Martinez, The Flyers rallied to tie it at 3 behind Giroux, who scored on the power play then beat Fleury with a wrist shot for Philadelphia's second short-handed goal of the night., WASHINGTON -- Medicare's payment system, the unseen but vital network that handles 100 million monthly claims, could freeze if President Barack Obama's health care law is summarily overturned, the administration quietly informed the courts., -The City asked us to include language that makes the City’s contribution contingent on Clackamas County’s actions, language that our bond counsel says will prevent us from bonding against the City’s revenues, in effect, nullifying the agreement., "We didn't want to run too many miles in (last week's Indianapolis Motor Speedway) test so we could have our engine for Long Beach, and yet we were there to try to make the car better for IndyCar," he said. "You shouldn't be trying to test and worrying about the engine for the next race.", HAWAIIAN MAY DAY FESTIVAL, Sherri Day can be reached at sday@sptimes.com or (813) 661-2440., Questionable Calls: The Colts are in the process of converting to a 3-4 scheme under new head coach Chuck Pagano, yet only two of the club's 10 picks were allotted to that side. A particular overlook was at cornerback, where there isn't a proven commodity other than returning starter Jerraud Powers on the current roster., Under current law, any mandatory reporter who fails to follow through could be subject to civil or criminal penalties., “Why it became so widespread is what we are going to work with the other utilities to investigate because the system should have isolated itself,” he said. “It’s designed to protect itself.”, At around 7 o'clock on a December morning, a senior Citigroup banker was boarding a commuter train on the outskirts of London when his cellphone rang. On the line was a hedge-fund trader he had met a few nights earlier at a dinner hosted in a plush Citigroup dining room., -- Some 750,000 British public-sector employees went on a one-day strike last week, with more strikes and stoppages threatened for later this year., But after a couple of years, Mountz noticed that he was on the road at least 300 days a year, scouting talent and meeting with potential customers who were primarily on the East Coast. While he couldn't get any nibbles from VCs in the valley, he found a different mood among Boston VCs., Christie said he thrust himself into the middle of the redistricting battle because he was there to "support my team.", Turner said he and his group "are not arguing against high fructose corn syrup, we are arguing that the public understands that it and sugar are different things and to try to cloud that over is a mistake. All we want is for the public to be able to distinguish a product they don't want to buy.", Better starts to games? The Hawks have taken multi-goal leads in the first period in three consecutive games., According to papers filed in bankruptcy court, each apartment Greenlaw builds would knock $20,000 off the price the ministry pays to get back the cathedral and its core buildings. In an example cited in court papers, 400 apartments would reduce the repurchase price by $8 million., Last summer, a 6-foot-long bull snake crawled into the bathroom and draped itself over the doorknob. Howard ran and got her neighbors, Don and Shirley, Bob and Iola. The men took it out of the house, bashed in its head with a rake and then threw it in a tree. Howard also ran over a snapping turtle in her Mini Cooper, another occasion to summon the neighbors., "We actually beat Ridge with an out-of-bounds play with six seconds left," Cooke said. "Jen Pang threw the in-bounds pass to Kelly Christian who converted the game winning lay-up.", Another big change is the increase in foreign tours. Jones said more than 50 American wrestlers traveled overseas accumulated 800 foreign training days in February., Asked then if the Blues' current caliber was sustainable, Hitchcock said, "The level that we're playing at right now is expected.", And when asked how much Ware was fined for running into him, without missing a beat, Coughlin shot back, "Uh, he's no longer with the team.", Felix McNally, an Irvington fire captain at the rally, said he hoped Democrats took note of the large crowd., The AARP says it's concerned. If doctors became embroiled in a legal battle over payments, then "a general concern would be that physicians would cease to take on new Medicare patients, as well as potentially have issues seeing their current patients," said Ariel Gonzalez, an AARP lobbyist., LARCENY: A larceny was reported at 7:16 p.m. April 10 in the 600 block of Gravois Bluffs Drive., Quarterback - Andrew Luck, junior, Stanford., "This is a reversal of where the president has been," said Menendez, also criticizing the administration for embracing nuclear energy and clean-coal technology., 7921 New Hampshire Av, $99,900, "Just shows you why you've always got to have more than one back," Kill said., oGetting ready for this game should be familiar to you now. How are you feeling?, But our California trip started out as another one under the curse. We arrived in heavy rain, and, getting off the plane, I found myself coming down with a cold. We did the usual sightseeing in San Francisco, wearing ponchos in what we heard on the news was a "record-breaking rainfall." We couldn't see the Golden Gate Bridge or Alcatraz until we got within yards of them., The wolf dog hybrid named Chief - once ordered destroyed for aggressive behavior - will become a guard dog at Louisiana's maximum security prison., "As athletes, as competitors, we always want a good outcome," he said., Trayvon was "profiled" by Zimmerman, who "falsely assumed (Trayvon) was going to commit a crime" as the teen was trying to get back to the home of his father's girlfriend, according to public filings by Florida special prosecutor Angela Corey. The documents portray Zimmerman as the aggressor throughout the incident, remarking to police at one point that people like Trayvon were "punks" causing trouble in his neighborhood., PROBLEM MULTIPLIES, The fast-paced Nuggets hope to scurry as much as possible against the more half-court-oriented Lakers to generate transition baskets. That was the formula that worked in Denver's 99-90 victory over the Lakers onNew Year's Day, when the Nuggets made layup after layup and scored the game's final 11 points., The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says on its website that the front-seat belt webbing may not be secured properly to a lap belt anchor on the side of the seat near the doors., "Roger did meet with the mayor (Jerry Sanders) a while back (November) and we recently met with Roger at a dinner in L.A., where he was being honored," Chargers stadium point man Mark Fabiani says. "Dean (club President Dean Spanos) and I talked with him before and after the dinner. He's paying close attention to our situation here and I think he'd come out if we asked him., A year ago, they let a late lead slip away in a 76-70 loss to Texas A&M., Knowingly playing ineligble players is serious. When it happens over several years, the offending school should lose its football or basketball program., Henley says the victim, in his 40s, was scared and dropped a bag containing marijuana and money and the attackers took it., In the Colorado Health Foundation's five measures of overall citizen wellness, one reading fell, another rose slightly and three stayed flat from the year before, foundation researchers said., Parts of the highly anticipated film starring Earth's mightiest heroes were filmed in Cleveland last August and September., And can we just say? We’re way past the age of 9., PSE&G reported 271,000 customers without power as of 8:30 this morning. Crews have been working overnight however some customers in Bergen and Essex Counties may not get power restored until Wednesday, the company said., Sen. John McCain, the Arizona senator who was the GOP nominee for president in 2008 and elevated Palin to national political stardom, is backing Lugar, including in a new radio ad for him in which he says Lugar has fought against President Barack Obama on health care and "budget-busting proposals.", Three days a week from 5 to 8 a.m., his troop would run about 20 miles, he said. And three nights a week, from 5 to 8, they'd run 20 more miles. He loved it. He even ran on his days off., Ekard's e-mail absolutely urged voters to vote in a particular manner:, A car wreck is not just one collision; it's three. First, you have the vehicle collision - when your car, truck, SUV, dune buggy or whatever hits something. Then comes the body collision, when your body hits the inside of the vehicle. Then you have the organ collision, when your organs slam against the inside of your body. Not pretty., Tom refused to listen., If a walkout occurred, Raley's spokesman John Segale said, "we do have plans to provide staffing" to keep stores open., 2 Michael Maag Oregon, Assemblywoman Connie Wagner (D-Paramus) introduced the legislation earlier this month, which would distribute Teterboro land among South Hackensack, Moonachie, Little Ferry and Hasbrouck Heights, according to the report. Officials hope the move would reduce services and increase efficiency, the report said. But State Sen. Paul Sarlo told the newspaper Friday that officials want to refine the legislation, which passed both houses' budget committees this week, with advice from the governor's and Legislature's lawyers., Goodell called what the Saints did "particularly unusual and egregious" and "totally unacceptable.", "We're trying to help and learn at the same time," said the school president, David Laughlin., Which is fine - not every bar targets every demographic. But in an effort to fit in, I wore my cap backward., The complaint was brought by Erika Collier and Andrew Krcmar, the chief executive officer of Whitehaven Farm, a private residential facility for people with developmental disabilities where Collier is a resident., In each case, the rulings were a victory for lawyers representing either the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City-St. Joseph or an accused priest., Herndon agreed and held up a photograph showing the damaged vehicle to underscore the point., Since then, the ship had been converted into an education museum and a tribute to those who’d served on it., (3) Otis (9-1) at (1) Fleming (11-0), 1 cup blackberries, • $13.59: Average wage for workers at casino hotels, translating to an average annual wage of $28,270, the latest statistics from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics show., LYNCHBURG, Va. - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney reached out to evangelicals in a commencement speech at Liberty University Saturday that focused largely on the importance of faith and spirituality, without mentioning the details of his own religion., Police found Arrington's car in Illinois on Saturday. He turned himself in to St. Louis police Monday afternoon., "It's going to be a learning curve for everyone, especially after the holidays," said Susan Piazza of Republic Services, which owns Allied Waste and services Collinsville, Granite City, Edwardsville, Glen Carbon and Maryville, along with several other Metro East communities. "Unfortunately, people are going to find out about it by us leaving it behind. Our hands are tied, obviously.", You’re going to need both., In November, Toyota issued a separate recall of 4.2 million vehicles due to a risk of the driver-side floor mat trapping the gas pedal. That recall affects the following models: the 2007-2010 model year Toyota Camry, 2005-2010 Toyota Avalon, 2004-2009 Toyota Prius, 2005-2010 Tacoma, 2007-2010 Toyota Tundra, 2007-2010 Lexus ES350 and the 2006-2010 Lexus IS250/IS350., Trouble is, when the Safety Board called for a national ban that would take personal electronic devices out of the hands of drivers in nonemergency situations, Missouri lawmakers expressed doubt that such a ban would fly in the Legislature., "At the seventh-inning stretch, I go around and ask people, 'Can I have your bottle if it's empty?' Usually they give it to us," Sam said., At the outset, a Portland-area homeowner, for example, can sign up to receive 65 cents per kilowatt hour. But a resident of sunny Central Oregon will receive less: 55 cents per kilowatt hour., In another mailer, State Rep. Chris Dorworth also claimed not to have raised fees. But Dorworth at least included a tiny footnote that pegged the claim to only this year's budget., Stewart could not be reached for comment., oAnd the location of the body, in the back portion of a barn, "wasn't a natural place to be." He wouldn't say if the body was hidden or covered up., Ms. Le Pen didn't call on her supporters to back Mr. Sarkozy and said "tonight, the blue wave is rocking the establishment," referring to her first name, which translates as navy blue., oI'm feeling great! I'm obviously feeling blessed to be in the situation that we're in with the opportunity to play in another big game. You never want to take these games for granted because you never know if you're going to get the opportunity to get back to one in your career., (What's So Funny ‘Bout) Peace, Love and Understanding, NEW YORK - The mystery began with a heart attack, a man with a past, and a bag of money that federal authorities now want to keep., Minnesota companies exported $20.3 billion in manufactured goods last year, $17.6 billion of which came from firms in the Twin Cities metro region. According to a new report by the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., those exports created 63,242 "direct" jobs in the Twin Cities last year and another 53,913 supplier and transit jobs., What you won't see is pay data from 17 of Silicon Valley's 150 biggest companies because they were delinquent in their securities filings due to ongoing investigations., Life can be pretty complicated., But the anecdotes were fresh to Pennsylvania voters, including Stephanie "Sam" Fleetman, the business owner who hosted Romney's visit Monday in her trucking company warehouse. She started her own trucking business with a phone line in her parents' attic, then grew it over the past 30 years to 40 employees. The vision Rubio outlined matched Fleetman's own outlook as a small-business owner, she said., Redshirt freshman Dakotah Keys, who won the Pac-12 decathlon last weekend, is coming back in the 110 hurdles, the javelin and the long jump., "I'm still learning," he said. "I probably will be for a long time.", Also returning to television tonight is Alberto Del Rio. Del Rio appeared at this weekend's SmackDown live events, but is not yet medically cleared to wrestle., She pauses. For an almost uncomfortable period of time., "I'd be lying if I said I don't think about it, that's only natural, " Chorney said. "But I try to work as hard as I can. It doesn't seem like it's been that long, really. We've been on the road all the time and at the same time I've gotten a lot of ice in practice. ... I feel like when the time does come, I'll be ready to go.", 1. Jon Jay, CF, Asserting that the health care act "tramples on the rights of Ohio citizens" and is a "huge federal overreach," DeWine shot a letter to Florida Attorney General Pamela Jo Bondi asking to have Ohio added to the list of plaintiffs seeking to overturn the law., The hour-long meeting was a mostly jovial affair, even though it marked the first time Apple shareholders have gathered since the company's revered co-founder and former CEO, Steve Jobs, died in October., "This is very different from years past," says Bruce McIndoe, president of iJET Intelligent Risk Systems, a security consulting company. "The nexus of governing and financial issues will create a much more dynamic and tense environment throughout Europe over years past, where it has been much more localized.", gauge of manufacturing employment showed that hiring jumped., I'll retire, Gross domestic product grew at an annualized rate of just 0.4 percent, the government said Monday, far below the annualized 4.4 percent expansion in the first quarter and adding to evidence the global recovery is facing strong headwinds., She is survived by seven sons: Matthew, John, Michael, Christopher, Charles, Thomas and David; three daughters, Vita Patrick Morales; Susan Patrick Farrell and Maria Crimi; two sisters, Jeannette Frattin and Regina Ackerman; two brothers, Joseph Coppola Carmine Coppola; 27 grandchildren and three great-grandchildren., Despite Monday's early selling, investors are hopeful that the market's strength over the past several sessions can continue. Last week's advance came as many traders were on vacation, making trading volume light and some of the market's moves less convincing., Puffing on a cigarette during a commercial flight is a no-no., "I don't think it's disappointing," Hawks center Patrick Kane said of missing out on home ice. "Everyone's excited about just getting into the playoffs, especially with the up-and-down year we had., He steps over stumps and ducks under blue berries hugging green buds ready to blossom. There is a plastic bag over there, and beyond that a double CD box set, the title too worn to decipher., "Whenever I see things that remind me of our concept, I buy them," Tase said. "It's amazing when you go around the world and find (these items).", Priority 2: Response within 48 hours. A situation that is likely to result in serious harm to a child within 72 hours., G1: Kings, 4-2, The dinner was held at Executive Caterers at Landerhaven in Mayfield Heights., DALLAS — An Army nurse showed no alarm or discomfort before suddenly collapsing during a Skype video chat with his wife, who saw a bullet hole in a closet behind him, his family said Sunday., "The lack of support, the disparities with the rest of the region are greater than folks realize," said Tobocman, a Democrat who served as House majority floor leader. "I'm not sure the system can sustain itself.", Mazzoni said the alarm was triggered at 3:09 a.m. and when police received the call some 18-20 seconds later, <U+0093>they immediately dispatched someone.<U+0094>, Teachers, police, firefighters and other government unions typically have legally binding collective bargaining agreements. Colorado state workers do not. Their union, however, can represent them in negotiations regarding wages and workplace safety, training and efficiency., Putting a human face on same-sex marriage reflects a strategic change — one that can pack an emotional wallop and, as Kach's experience shows, win over the undecided or even opponents., weather for Wednesday say they are expecting a continuous rain from Wednesday afternoon into the evening that will put the World Series Game 6 in jeopardy., Even when he played for Winslow High in front of the few thousands who would travel from across the state just to see him play, some placing bets on how many points the sweet-shooting Isaac Bonds would score, he enjoyed the silence. He never paid much attention to the attention paid to him, anyway., Sen. Nancy Jacobs, Annapolis, St. Croix Bluffs Regional Parks offers 22 pull-through sites with water and 50-amp electricity, 36 back-in sites with electricity only, 11 rustic sites with no electricity, and one group site. A new restroom/shower building will be open for the season., Folks who only know Taylor as a pop-culture caricature should find some of her films on Netflix or during late-night channel-flipping and catch her unique artistry. They're in for a rich surprise., It seems the common folk in King's Landing don't like the Lannisters any more than they like themselves. As the royal family was walking through the city, a riot broke out when someone threw a handful of crap and hit King Joffrey in the face., One of three SUVs to wear the Range Rover name, the Sport rides a platform that's distinct from the Range Rover Evoque and Range Rover, which are priced about $17,000 lower and $19,000 higher, respectively., Sam Moore of Sam & Dave fame didn't want to spend the rest of his life belting out "Soul Man." In 1970, after he and partner Dave Prater split, Moore recorded a solo album. He hoped to establish himself as an artist who was ready to stand on his own., • If the company is small and unknown to most people, check with the Ohio Division of Securities at 1-877-683-7841 (1-877NVEST411) or online at com.ohio.gov/secu to see if it has information on the company, its management and the brokers or promoters behind the stock., Patients First is at 20 Legends Parkway. Appointments for Moore can be made by calling 636-549-0121., "To vote against a bill that’s going to save taxpayers over $120 billion over 30 years doesn’t seem to align with their constituents," Gorka said. "They’re going to have an awful hard time explaining to voters why they passed on those kinds of savings.", Durbin has seized on the issue of border-crossing fugitives in response to a recent Tribune investigative series that found violent criminals were able to leave the country and remain at large because of an astonishing lack of coordination among U.S. Justice Department officials, county prosecutors and local police; a failure by these agencies to keep track of their cases; and inexplicable, years-long delays., Oregon officials respond that they have safeguards in place. They say SoloPower's equity in the Wilsonville project is actually more like $20 million. Tim Harris, SoloPower chief executive, says his company's investment in training and the advanced nature of thin-film technology, which is not easily transferred to China, will anchor manufacturing in Wilsonville., "The key to the game was getting hits at key moments and not giving them extra outs," said Thomas., The city is focusing on firefighters' pensions first, Rainford said, as the most expensive per worker., Theriot got a two-out double to left, then Jay followed with a single to right. Theriot beat the the throw home from Raul Ibanez to make it 4-4., 5. Deron Williams, 3/4/12 gets a franchise-record 57 points, plus six boards and seven assists., The U.S. Department of Justice is investigating test results from the past five years to determine if the tests, especially the push-up portion, have posed more problems for women than men., My muscles weren't up for the long kayak trip, and I couldn't get a backpacking permit. So I opted for an adventurous half-day ride along the coast with North Shore Charters aboard a 27-foot boat., Two Northfield boys — 16-year-olds Kyle Beattie and Alex Denafo — and Linwood teens Kenneth Randall, 15, and Jacob Smith, 17, were taken to the Atlantic City hospital with what police said were non-life- threatening injuries, Castellanos added., The Global Village concept is one of several officials say they will use to turn around five low-performing schools that received federal School Improvement Grants. The district will receive $20 million over three years to rehabilitate the schools by implementing longer days and providing additional professional development and compensation for teachers., at First Baptist Church, While the majority of Clackamas County schools will be celebrating their ratings this year, the annual designations will be met with frustration by those who feel their schools are narrowly missing the mark., g) Chukar, Hungarian partridge, California quail and mountain quail, The pass to Lucas, who held on after being clobbered, was threaded and came on what Pinkel called a secondary read that Moe suggested was a fourth option., When Balfour was born in 1981, his family already had endured years of violence, incarceration and drug use., Unfortunately, the competition is fierce as The Pirate Captain stands little chance against more formidable pirates with actual names like Black Bellamy (Jeremy Piven) and Cutlass Liz (Salma Hayek)., Jordan Cargile and Breanna Casper were the one-two combination for top-ranked Eastern Tech softball Wednesday. Cargile threw a no-hitter and Casper led the bats as the host Mavericks defeated Western Tech, 11-0., "I have to commend ASU, in the seven years I've been there I've watched them take steps to constantly improve veterans services," he said. "When I first got there they had one window in student services, now they've got the Pat Tillman (Veterans) Center, they've got a student vets club and a veterans alumni club.", Christie added that he was one of Romney’s earliest supporters. He said he is thrilled that he will be the Republican nominee and will work to make sure he gets elected., Four of them, however, earned more than $50,000 in overtime, ranking among the top 100 of OT . They included Engineers Lloyd Pinel and Jeffrey Pederson, and Captains Timothy Gogerty and Jeffrey Hoey., Contact: 216-321-4400., The holiday price wars mark an acceleration of a trend that has already swept the retail industry. Lowe's, the nation's No. 2 home improvement store, said in August it was starting to focus on everyday low prices for items that customers can easily comparison-shop at rivals like Home Depot and Sears., "I don't know how important it is for the voters to reach out that far," Amstutz said. "It's something that could be argued both ways.", “Some people close to me took it hard, but man, I’ve been blessed for seven years here,’’ Przybilla said. “Like Noelle, she took it hard, but I told her, we never saw this happening, where we would establish so many memories and friendships that will last a lifetime. When I signed here seven years ago, I had one foot out of the NBA, and I didn’t expect Portland to be like this.’’, Amalfi: Astoria anchor, The third quarter results were hurt by declines in investment banking and trading from its Merrill Lynch division, which has been an income generator in previous quarters. Turbulent financial markets in the third quarter, brought on by the debt crisis in Europe and a downgrade of the U.S. government's credit rating, kept many investors away and led companies to put off stock and bond offerings., The AMA still opposes the posting of the public file., St. Luke's workers confirmed to state inspectors that the nurse failed to follow hospital policy. The nurse should have gotten a new pump when it was determined that the pump was not accessing the drug library, the report says., But elected and department officials have said recently that Santiago appears to have brought the right combination of administrative leadership and crime-fighting know-how to Irvington. In the process, they said, he has reinvigorated policing in a township of 56,000 long regarded as among the state’s most violent municipalities., Burke passed the volunteer spirit on to her three sons, Nicholas, 29, Tyler, 21, and Daulton, 15, who also live in Baltimore Highlands, she said., 3. Arnold Schoenberg: "Accompaniment to a Cinematographic Scene." The groundbreaking Schoenberg wrote this as film music with no actual film in mind. The turbulent music, from 1929-30, is more high German romanticism than the more austere atonality that he's known for., Denver's record-setting Tuesday heat is likely to be followed by an encore Wednesday, according to the National Weather Service., The replay showed the ball was out., "We are just asking them to pay their fair share toward the cost of health coverage, she said., “You can’t deny the public from a state-owned resource,” Blumm said. “If you get this before a judge, I don’t think Lake Corp. has a leg to stand on.”, There is no cap on the number of fees that may be waived in a day or the number of times a customer may overdraw her account and settle up the next day, Walsh said., ``I wasn't always there for them, and I wanted them to know why and to understand what I did,'' Jobs told Isaacson in their final interview at Jobs' home in Palo Alto, California., The combination of tension, strength and elegance it takes rider and horse to complete courses without even touching — much less knocking down — a rail can make one sweat, just watching it on television., ConocoPhillips idled one plant last year and Sunoco Inc. closed another and announced plans to close a third. Losing all three means a drop in production of 700,000 barrels daily, Laskoski said., DISAPPOINTS, BUT…, As early as 1605, the British Crown coveted the trees of New England for use building heavy wooden warships; the pine trees served as masts. More than 300 years later, the forests became fodder in building 10,000 Allied planes, in part from American spruce, to fly in the Great War., San Francisco's banged-up bullpen finally caved before its bats — for a change — brought the club back., "I'm going to have to get up to speed on the rules," Manning said. "I know we don't have nearly as much time as we used to. It's like free agency. It was never an issue for me before. I didn't know the rules there either. ... I've got a lot to study.", “I literally threw one pitch that I regretted, and it got hit out of the park,” Dickey said. “One more little wiggle to the knuckleball there, he pops that up or hits it off the end.”, "After that, I try to make sure my son keeps his face out of Dragon's but look at him," Reeves said. He nodded at Dragon, who lay in a patch of sunshine on Reeves' living room carpet, napping on his back, belly exposed., In his review, Star-Ledger film critic Stephen Whitty gave the film three and a half stars. "Ultimately, 'The Descendants' is about how little we really know about people - not only the ones we're closest to, but ourselves, as well. We all have secret sins, and secret strengths," Whitty wrote., Consumers who believe they have been cheated or scammed by a business, or suspect any other form of marketplace abuse, can file a complaint with the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs by visiting its website at www.njconsumeraffairs.gov or by calling the DCA Consumer Service Center Hotline numbers., St. Ann Park was hit hard; many large trees and a picnic shelter were destroyed., Detectives began re-interviewing witnesses after receiving a Jan. 4 Sun-Times request for all reports on the case. The police initially refused to release anything but a heavily redacted, two-page report, citing an "ongoing criminal investigation" of the nearly 7-year-old case. They released a half-inch-thick stack of documents on Friday, blacking out most names in the reports, after now closing the case without seeking any charges. They classified it "CLEARED CLOSED / EXCEPTIONALLY.", "Each of the postponements has come at the request of the defense," Cheshire said. Prosecutors "have been prepared for each trial date.", Using new techniques based not on finding the craters left behind by asteroids but the droplets of molten rock that ascended into space on impact and fell back as tiny sandlike particles, the researchers concluded Earth took a far more savage beating than was thought., 10367 Oxford Hill Dr #28, $72,500, "Every company I'm asking for major dollars (to help pay for Chamber programs and staffing), they're asking me in return to connect them with Hispanic bilingual talent," Riopedre says., HOW THEY MET: We saw an ad in The Baltimore Sun and went to visit the litter. Maggie walked up to John, curled up into a ball at his feet and went to sleep. That was that!, "This isn't London...This isn't New York or Chicago," the mayor added, identifying cities where a proliferation of surveillance cameras are installed on city streets., In an eight-minute short, "Steven Alan Presents Spring/Summer 2010" uploaded on video-sharing site Vimeo last September, the designer's name flashes in the opening credits but isn't mentioned in the story about a couple's summer country outing. Shot over two days for under $15,000, the story follows a leisurely weekend with bike rides and an impromptu outdoor dinner party that includes a cameo from the designer. Since it was uploaded, the film has been seen at least 15,000 times., Santa Barbara was once known as a “city of books,” where a page-turning tourist could spend days prowling the stacks of small and large stores. The massive Earthling Bookstore was the progenitor of the bookstore-as-meeting place style later embraced by the chains. It was one of the first to fall victim to the big-box bookstores (though perhaps overly optimistic expansion plans had as much to do with its collapse)., Brown also tweeted "HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROBYN" to Rihanna, who turned 24 on Monday., The president has pushed for a thorough investigation into the incident., Studies of Harris Beach, Mill Beach in Brookings and Sunset Bay State Park beach south of Coos Bay found that all three were contaminated by some combination of failed septic systems, improper sewage connections or pet feces that washed into storm drains., Q: Is Canterbury in this for the long run?, 911 MISUSE, OLDE SURREY COURT: A Strongsville woman was advised April 26 for playing a prank on the Medina County Sheriff’s Department., Drawing on sources as diverse as St. Augustine and Martin Sheen's "The Way," he told cardinals that spreading the gospel must be "accomplished with a smile, not a frown.", By being caught stealing at home, Greene ended what had been a remarkable streak of stealing. Greene was successful in his first 17 attempts to swipe a base in the majors, a stretch dating back to 2009., "I try to remind them all of the time. I don't mind telling people what I went through," she said., We live in Baltimore City, so we are bound by leash laws. We're also constantly walking our dogs. Juno, a sweet Boston Terrier mix, and Daisy, a Jack Russell Terrier (think high energy) keep us on the go –- they need a lot of exercise to tire them out., Sipe came back two minutes later with the first of back-to-back touchdown aerials to Ricky Feacher, who was playing in place of the injured Dave Logan. Feacher caught the first one for a 35-yard touchdown that tied the score at 17-17. The second was a 34-yarder that put the Browns ahead, 24-17., At Ford, where the F-Series pickup is traditionally the top-selling vehicle in the U.S., fuel economy clearly was driving sales. For the first time in decades, the company sold more F-150s with V6 engines (55 percent) than it did with larger V8s., The group might not wait until October 2012, though, to get going - it might try to hold limited racing at Gateway this fall., Carmen Martinez, 30, a line server at the Bagel and Doughnut Connection café in Bally’s, said only the “big bosses” were staying behind at the casinos., NEW YORK — Director-choreographer Susan Stroman is standing with arms folded, watching a group of dancers run through a number. They have the great athleticism and some serious lung power, all of which is way too big for the rehearsal room. But it won't feel that way once they're onstage., I get a lot of resumes from people who have heard about St. Mary's and want to come as a quality of life decision. It's really not about benefits and compensation as much as it is being able to practice your craft., Since the diet change, she has gone from a dress size of 22 to a size 12; she weighs 140 pounds., Class AAAA girls: Stanford-bound Mariah Stackhouse of North Clayton shot a 67 to win the individual title. Evans shot 153 to win the team title by two shots over Lambert at Bartram Trail., The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority has made a priority of encouraging development near its rail and bus stations. These transit-oriented communities are designed to include buildings for work, housing and entertainment. In North Hollywood at the intersection of the Red Line subway and Orange line busway, planning is underway for the largest transit-oriented development in Los Angeles County history. The project, called the NoHo Art Wave, will include housing for a variety of income levels, office space, restaurants, shopping, and substantial community and public spaces. Metro is also encouraging several smaller developments at other Red Line subway stations along Wilshire Boulevard and Hollywood Boulevard., Now, we are going to look at it and evaluate it, but we want Greg to be a part of this team. I still think Greg Oden is going to be an impact player in the NBA, and that’s the way we are going to approach it. We want to see Greg give the effort to rehabilitate, but I have no doubt he will do that because he has done it, proved he has done it before., "Believe me, I've had a tough time sleeping for three weeks," Nikodem admitted. "You're going to have to run the race of your life to win. This is one of the most evenly matched Derby fields that I can remember. And in an evenly matched field, anything can happen. Now it's all up to race luck.", The Broncos made their pitch, in a low-key manner, according to Elway. They kept the discussions to football, with the Broncos telling Manning what they could do for him as Manning offered what he believed he could bring to the Broncos., "Cheap," he said. "He hit me hard enough for me to really feel it." And then Batum rose to his feet, squared his elbows up and performed his best elbow-throwing impression of the Suns 6-foot-10 forward., A ski resort in the summer offers sights you'd never glimpse while schussing, such as the spectacular vistas from the 11,492-foot Boreas Pass, which closes to traffic from Nov. 1 until spring. Or, for that matter, the town itself. Breck (as everyone calls it) remains manageable, i.e. navigable, when the grass is growing and the inhabitants number 3,500, compared with the up to 30,000 visitors who clog its streets at one time or another during the peak skiing season., And the Tuesday evening Bible study that once met in various members' homes now meets weekly at Claire's bedside., How might you know that Canadian folk-rocker Roxanne Potvin used to be a blues singer? Perhaps you can tell by how well she’s able to make effective, compelling music from the most rudimentary materials. Many of the songs on “Play” are little more than a simple, repetitive melody sung in Potvin’s modest voice, some sandpaper guitar and a straightforward drumbeat. The French-language “Dis-Moi Que Tu M’Aimes” is little more than a shout, a swirling Farfisa riff and a few well-timed halts by the rhythm section; somehow, it’s irresistible. “Pretty Girls” repeats its title over and over like a drawled mantra — it’s more hypnotic Velvet Underground than modern pop. “Let Me Go” is little more than a blurt, but it’s certainly an arresting one. Potvin keeps things punchy by getting in and out of her songs quickly — several tracks on “Play” barely break the two-minute mark. It’s all such fun that by the time she drops her languid cover of Right Said Fred’s “I’m Too Sexy” on you at the conclusion of the album, you’ll barely mind. Fans of Liz Phair’s early insouciance and Lucinda Williams’ occasional whimsy should search this out., Combine the sugar, zests and lemon balm in a food processor. Pulse for 30 seconds, or until everything has been processed to a fine grain., But for the past weekend, the focus was on Dorsey's historic presence in Minneapolis and Minnesota. It began as a two-person law firm consisting of William Lancaster and David Simpson, who were called into service by First National Bank of Minneapolis. A century later, First National Bank's successor, U.S. Bank, remains a Dorsey client., Adams, who ran the award show gauntlet earlier this year for her role in "The Fighter," found it more difficult to switch between flashy gowns at night and Mary's conservative ensembles by day during production than working with puppets. She said acting opposite puppets like Walter wasn't any more difficult than working opposite actors like Mark Wahlberg., Yes. Tom Welter, executive director of the Oregon School Activities Association, said that as long as the schools control the programs, they can still participate in existing leagues and playoffs. Money raised by parents or boosters could simply be channeled through the district to operate them, regardless of the source, he said., As it happened, he probably had the added benefit of cutting weight in the process, anyway., WASHINGTON -- Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner faced a barrage of congressional complaints Thursday over what critics said was the administration's failure to take a tougher stance on Chinese trade issues., Each young artist will receive a CD, though none will be pressed for sale., So on Dec. 30, the deadline to file for the earlier primary, Turner announced she was abandoning her bid against Fudge. And in her words, a quicker campaign was only half the problem., We share her concern. And we fear that unless voters consciously direct their votes to reasonable thinkers like Robling, the trend she decries will only get worse when a big Class of 2012 arrives next year., Since the memorial service, Cathy has tried to do just that. She struggles with her grief. Kelly's ashes live in her home until the family decides where to spread them. Until then, Cathy has found a pair of weekly rituals that have helped give her purpose. On Saturdays, Cathy protests with local citizens at the Fullerton police station., "The district itself leans heavily Republican. If a Democrat runs, they're unopposed in the primary. Rather than waste a vote, I voted in the primary where my vote would make a difference," Hunter said. "I wasn't involved in the party until last year. I did my civic duty and voted in every contested election I possibly could.", Garcia, a naturalized U.S. citizen, said on one occasion, CBP officers at a border crossing in Arizona dragged him out of his car, handcuffed him forcefully and interrogated him for four hours after apparently mistaking him for a drug-cartel member., Scientific facts are presented in a real versus reel format — phasers versus Tasers, cloaking devices versus Stealth bombers, communicators versus cell phones. One area explores the concept of "Star Trek" transporters. Are we anywhere near the point of being beamed up?, And running back Mikel Leshoure pleaded guilty March 1 to a charge of use of marijuana after he was stopped for speeding by Benton Township police. Leshoure was cited for possession of marijuana 11 days later, when the rented 2012 Mitsubishi SUV he was a passenger in was pulled over by Baroda-Lake Township police., A cheer went up as Jamal Tarhuni emerged to greet dozens of family members and friends who were waiting for him at Portland International Airport., A yes vote on Issue 2 would retain SB 5 and a no vote would repeal it., But while The Hound was busy saving Sansa Stark, the wilding Osha ended the episode doing the same for the two youngest Starks. Osha seduced Theon, killed one of his men and escaped with Bran and Rickon (and, of course, Hodor) from Winterfell. They ran off into the woods near the castle., Free tax help in Maryland, Aside from her obvious ability and remarkable work ethic, part of Snyder's genius is that, if she has an ego, it never shows., Powell edges towards memory's blushing, pastoral tone, and then revolts. He has no urge to sanitize. This is a bold, frankly sexual book that eroticizes the liminal spaces outside sock-hops, truck stops, orchards and factory farms, bringing a whole new meaning to the migrations immortalized in John Steinbeck's novels., DAVIS 16, LAGUNA CREEK 0 (5), Directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller, whose only other feature credit is the animated kid flick "Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs," keep the energy high while brilliantly getting the most out of each and every scene by packing the movie with hilarious supporting actors, most currently doing fine work on television., INPAWS, the Indiana Native Plant and Wildflower Society, offers a directory of 'Landscape-worthy native plants at www.inpaws.com., The more important question right now is what work needs to be done by general manager Mike Tannenbaum and Co. before training camp opens at the end of July. The Jets believe they landed two immediate starters in defensive end Quinton Coples, their first-round pick, and wide receiver Stephen Hill, their second-rounder. But there are other needs that were not addressed., Laurinaitis said he got a call from Buckeyes coach Luke Fickell, who asked if Laurinaitis was up for the honor. Among his duties: addressing the team., "I don't know if it's a good problem to have, but it's one that I'm putting off until the last possible moment," Hitchcock said. "I don't even want to think about it because I know if I start thinking about it, something is going to happen ... a guy might get dinged up, or whatever. To me, I'm going to wait until the playoffs start before I make that determination. I just feel like I owe it to both guys to continue to play both guys.", At a time when sex is viewed more widely than ever as recreational rather than procreational; when factory jobs have been triple-teamed by hostile environmental policies, overpriced homegrown labor and underpriced illegal immigrants; when we've made a college degree a requirement for just about anything that pays above the minimum wage; and when government policies encourage women to let the state be their mate, why trust a man?, Lester did have a medical marijuana dispensary in the city., You should at least have a strategy in place before you hit the panic button. This process involves inclusion of defensive holdings less captive to the economy, such as beverages, health care or utilities, and exerting personal discipline., Cities have goals to meet along the way, including a sign inventory and condition assessment. O'Fallon has a volunteer with a GPS background who is logging the position of all of its stop and yield signs, Montgomery said., Though many Ford workers in Brook Park said they opposed the deal, others said it was the best workers could hope for in a tough economy., Since then, Weinstein's organization, the Military Religious Freedom Foundation, has battled the military in what Weinstein called in an interview last week "blood sport.", Tim Brown, WR/KR, 1988-2004, AP Business Writer Jeff Karoub in Flint, Mich., and Associated Press writers Carolyn Thompson in Buffalo, N.Y., and Matthew Leingang in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report., "We have lots of hard-working, middle-class clients who never made a lot of money but were excellent savers," said Ben Tobias, a certified financial planner in Plantation, Fla., "I shall soon win the Nobel Prize," he crows about this unseen Great American Novel., Her observation of how a very ordinary argument was escalated and criminalized is also very illuminating. The city has no compelling evidence of wrongdoing, so it is scrambling to transform hearsay into evidence., Anyone with information about Tista’s whereabouts should contact the local police department., A special correspondent in Baghdad contributed to this report., Kevin L. Grady and Julie K. Grady, as trustees of the Julie K. Grady Revocable Trust, paid cash for a 7,068-square-foot home with pool built in 2004 on the north side of the Ancala Country Club in Scottsdale. The home was sold by Jennifer Finnegan, as trustee of the Jennifer Finnegan Family Revocable Trust. Finnegan is a real-estate agent in Scottsdale. Her husband, Patrick Finnegan, is owner of Xtreme Cold Air LLC in Scottsdale., “I don’t know what we would do if we didn’t have Gerald Wallace,” Nets coach Avery Johnson said. “He’s been blowing our phones up in meetings and threatening the trainer (to let him play). We really appreciated it. We needed his leadership tonight., What's wrong with this guy?, Habanos produces 27 premium cigar brands in 220 different sizes, some as small as cigarettes and others nearly as big as a Chihuahua puppy. Garcia said Habanos has 146 stores worldwide, two more than the number of authorized dealers at the end of 2008., 1960, "He’s very engaging," she said. "He will help us to get a lot of public support. We’re excited and we look forward to him coming.", (Dooley later said that the original idea to close the parks had been Swanick's and that Dooley had deferred to her "professional judgment."), My grandmother's coconut cream pie is made from a cooked custard similar to a creme anglais, which is thickened with egg yolks and corn starch. The thick custard then is poured into a prebaked pie shell, topped with meringue and baked. But as much as I love that pie, I felt the need to tinker. I wanted the same flavors, but with less work., In fact, Montee says that's why McCaskill urged Montee to run when McCaskill made a Senate bid in 2006. At the time, Montee was the Buchanan County auditor in her native St. Joseph., James E. Akins, 83, U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia during the Arab oil embargo in the 1970s, died of a heart attack July 15 at a retirement village in Mitchellville, Md., his daughter Mary Beth Colvill said., Japan tied it nine minutes later when Kawasumi somehow got a foot on a cross from star Aya Miyama and pushed it through the legs of goalkeeper Hedvig Lindahl., Hanson birdied No.14, then added three more down the stretch on the way to a seven-under-par 65 that propelled to him a one-stroke advantage over Mickelson with one round to play for a green jacket., After one attack ended another began, Aeriel said, unable to identify Godinez has her attacker. Still on the ground, she felt someone on her back, and the machete at her neck., District officials say they were spurred by a belief that there's a need for such programs among parents who homeschool, and by a need to ensure those parents have access to quality courses., Marines have very long memories for youthful indiscretions. Mr. Orton must hope that rasslin' fans don't., The results suggest Ahmadinejad will face a more belligerent parliament in the remaining time of his second four-year term in office that ends August 2013. His allies are likely to be ousted from key posts, and his plan to cut economic subsidies challenged., As a sophomore, Lockett earned all-Pac-10 and first team all-academic conference honors two seasons ago as a sophomore, averaging a career-best 13.4 points per game, but the team won just 12 games. Last season, he missed time due to injury but averaged team-leading totals of 13 points and 5.5 rebounds per game for a team went 10-22, 6-12 in the conference., When confronted, one of the suspects struck both employees with a metal pipe while the other suspect pulled out a gun, police said. The suspects then fled with a backpack from the car., "People are getting more educated about it. All the demographics are mixing now," Patel said., "This is a deduction, not a reduction in pay," Assistant Attorney General Robert Lougy, who represented the state, said., However, Robert and Joan Dennison, of nearby Sycamore Manor Drive, said many area residents were unaware of the church's plans., Good genes took Tyler Zeller only so far. Brains and work ethic have proven just as important in his four years at North Carolina, which faces Kansas on Sunday afternoon at the Edward Jones Dome in the NCAA Midwest Regional final. His skill set also has helped him earn academic and athletic honors that put him above Tar Heels of the past., 900 block of El Monte Avenue, Mountain View, 9:39 p.m.: A person was possibly driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs., "If a country becomes more productive and competitive, but there is no demand for its products domestically or around it, growth will not materialize," Italy's Mr. Monti said in a speech in Brussels last week., 73-74: New York passes up to Thierry Henry near goal. He shoots and scores. Rodney Wallace picks up the ball and a fight breaks out in the back of the goal. Timbers 3, Red Bulls 2. Yellow card's are given to Rodney Wallace and New York's Joel Lindpere., On a recent morning, Gibson used the football during a discussion of author Elie Wiesel's "Night" with her boys-only audience. If someone wanted to speak, he needed to catch the ball. When done, he tossed it back to Gibson. Earlier, everyone participated in another discussion while standing and huddled around each other instead of sitting at their desks., I was on assignment for Associated Press and stumbled upon a former Pony Express station. It was one of those places that triggered the hundreds of John Wayne films that play forever in my head, eventually becoming the subject of one of my books., The decision follows tense negotiations to move production of the new Panda from Poland to Pomigliano near Naples. Fiat announced earlier this month that it would go ahead with €700 million investment in the Pomigliano plant despite opposition by one union that opposes labor concessions sought by Fiat. But the resistence to Fiat's plans has forced the automaker to slow its planned investments in Italy, Marchionne said., "She's nice," Zubanova said. "She always asks me how's my baby.", DL Travis Doyle, sr., Warrenton, Wysocki rides a 9-year-old Arab mare, Mars., The roadway wouldn’t require legislation to build it, but would require support from local governments -- in Paulding, Bartow, Carroll, Coweta, Spalding and Lamar counties, and the cities of Cartersville and Villa Rica -- along the path of the road to create a joint transportation authority to administer the project. That authority would seek private contractors to build, operate and maintain the road., The number of kids in state custody increased from 10,515 in September 2010 to 11,682 on Oct. 31, 2011, the last day of the Department of Economic Security's most recent, and still unreleased, report on kids in care. That's an 11 percent increase. Yet DES Director Clarence Carter says he did not ask for additional funding for children in out-of-home care., DETROIT -- Toyota is back. It's putting a year of earthquake-related shortages behind it and grabbing sales from stumbling General Motors and Ford., "Everyone was so excited," said Pat Ogden, who has served as the school receptionist for 12 years. "It was a big deal around here.", Branding and marketing firms have been enlisted to help the Salvation Army appeal to the growing segment of society that lives on the Internet. In recent years the slogan, "Heart to God, Hand to Man," has been replaced with the more ecumenical-sounding "Doing the Most Good.", Three-time international surf champ Corky Carroll answers your questions each week. Hit him up at corkysurf@aol.com., South Carolina state Rep. Nathan Ballentine, a Wells Fargo mortgage officer in Chapin, S.C., was one of the first state legislators to endorse Romney - 11 months ago. Ballentine doesn't understand why his Republican peers aren't more bullish on Romney, who he says is just what the nation needs at this point in its history., The party paid tribute to Ethan's life not only in its purpose but also in its audience. Dozens of communities were represented in the crowds of people who entered the school's gates to pay homage. Students from Valley schools joined visitors from California and New York. Phone calls and letters arrived ahead of time for Ethan from supporters in China, New Zealand and Canada., So does this mean health-conscious types should pop a Bayer every morning? Possibly, but not necessarily, said Dr. Jack Jacoub, a medical oncologist at MemorialCare Cancer Institute at Orange Coast Memorial Medical Center in Fountain Valley., And why would they? The human soul, far from fixed, linear and predisposed to suspicion and doubt, is instead a fluxive, malleable, infinitely evolving thing, matching the insane, kaleidoscopic sweep of life itself. To lock the human heart into a cage of timid ideology or rigid sexual conduct, to forcibly limit its capacity for love is one of the most oppressive things you can ever do. Just ask the Catholic church., Nightly drink specials are offered, and the bar highlights different spirits each month. In June, it's artisan pot-stilled gin used for the martinis, Gibsons, Aviations and Negronis (all $8)., A typical trip is a 5-mile float starting near De Soto in Johnson County and ending at Cedar Creek in Olathe. That’s about two hours of floating, spying blue herons and bald eagles, interrupted by an hour on a sandbar, cooking hot dogs. (The Kansas City Paddler store in Lawrence also offers kayaking on this stretch of the Kaw.), About half of the Californians surveyed, for instance, said they had a family emergency plan to cope with a major earthquake. Nearly everyone said they had a flashlight at home, 86 percent said they had a first aid kit and three-day water supply, and 80 percent had a battery-powered radio., Semik remarks that the "meat of the program" is a holiday concert by the North High School choir. The group will present a medley of holiday favorites. Santa will also be in attendance, as will Grover and Skipper, mascots for the Lake County Captains. Semik adds that Eastlake Girl Scout Troop 70320 plans to serve cookies, hot chocolate and other snacks at the event., So how does a patriotic American decide which lobby to believe? You might start by asking, Which one is more obviously trying to buffalo me? Clearly that is the Billsters (let's call them) with their ludicrous attempt to create patriotic sentiment around the dollar bill. Then you might ask, Which side has hired Frank Luntz? Once again, it's the dollar bill people., It is the oppression of a race of people by certain ones in that race of people. It is the church-sanctioned pimping of the poor that sifts without apology, even from widows, their last dollar for the building of yet another multi-million-dollar edifice, in the name of God., Note: This post was amended following an updated statement from the Oregon State Police. The agency originally said firefighters arrived seven minutes after troopers found the man., "This is key to me in terms of equity, and it is absolutely part of the mission that our work force is as diverse as the city.", The move would also inject $5 million into the sewer's annual operating fund, bringing it to nearly $10.5 million by 2014., FitzGerald's plan doesn't change the fees, but he hopes the county can save money by using the same people hired to verify property information for the 2012 property value reappraisal., Some of the most persistently suspicious test scores nationwide, however, occurred in districts renowned for cutting-edge reforms., The South Medford High School graduate has done a lot since he left Oregon for Duke four years ago, including legitimate accomplishments such as an NCAA National Championship and a Final Four Most Outstanding Player award. Yet, two significant "buts" are hounding Singler as he pursues his NBA dreams: Shooting and athleticism., "We're Marines. That's what we do.", "Adios.", The Maroons surprised the Tigers with their inspired first-game play, The program, funded in part by a $5,000 grant from the Banfield Charitable Trust and matched by Summa, is staffed by volunteers, said Summa volunteer coordinator Angela Tetrick., The Constitution already has language concerning victims' rights, but proponents of the amendment say the change would give victims a way to actually enforce those rights., “I’ve never run an English-speaking world campaign before, so I have nothing to compare it to,” he said. “I’m happy with it, but not as happy with it as I could be. We’ve had a decent amount of participation.”, The U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association selected Rupp, who has a 3.91 grade-point average in Business Administration., Dwyer has worked for Maplewood-Richmond Heights for 12 years. She teaches chemistry, advanced placement chemistry, science research, science Olympiad, Worldwide Youth in Science and engineering. She is pursuing her second master's degree, a zoology degree, at Miami University in Ohio., "I believe a local training facility would save us money, improve our service to the public and improve the physical fitness and skills of the police officers," Adams said. "I hope this works out. If it doesn't, we'll keep looking.", MISSION VIEJO – Dee J. Valentine entered hospice and could've waited for his heart to slow to the last beat, but instead he invited 200 of his family and friends from across the county to celebrate his 100 years of life., American Honda sales leader John Mendel said the worst appears to be over., PRICELESS • William Shatner and his wife Liz were treated to a special tour of the "Cavalia" horse stables today while they were preparing for Shatner's one-man retrospective tonight at the Peabody Opera House., The crowd here does seem to be defying the odds — it’s a conspicuous and delicious group, with Chanel bags and not a sensible shoe in sight. It’s refreshing, thankfully, to see some old-fashioned frivolity (say, circa 2006) and a bit of outrageous defiance of the national hunker-down mentality. The Bin 14 goal was to create a place that wasn’t intimidating to the up-and-coming 26-year-old — and could also appeal to the older, more savvy diner, the one who’s been to some of the top restaurants in the city and who is looking for a more casual night out., Bargains: Three pita-like discs of flatbread ($4) emerge fresh, hot and still slightly puffed from the wood oven to be anointed with a dram of olive oil., Cut the herbed butter into 4 slices. Wet your hands with cold water and divide the ground beef into 4 portions. Pat each portion of beef into a thick patty. Press an indentation into the center of the patty, filling it with a slice of herbed butter. Mold the beef to enclose the butter completely. Sprinkle burgers with salt and pepper to taste., One of New Jersey’s longtime jazz warriors, guitarist Dave Stryker, continues his unique relationship with New Jersey jazz fans this week., "Portland," Armisen says, "is a city where young people go to retire.", "He was a very big man. If any man could take a bullet and live through it, it would be Junior Seau. He chose to do it that way.", Estrada p, WASHINGTON - Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon told an audience in Washington on Friday that his goal is to get Arizona's new law cracking down on illegal immigration "revoked as soon as possible." Appearing during a panel discussion held at the liberal think tank Center for American Progress, Gordon called the new law "criminal," "wrong" and "racist.", "Thanks to the U.S. Department of Transportation's latest fare rules, Spirit must now hide the government's taxes and fees in your fares," it wrote. "If the government can hide taxes in your airfares, then they can carry out their hidden agenda and quietly increase their taxes.", Assemblyman Jon Bramnick (R-Union) said he's grown used to the delays since he took office nine years ago., "Sometimes you get things going for you," Ericsson said. "I was able to work hard when I was injured, too. I think that helped me get back in the game a little bit quicker.", "I'm thrilled that this is moving forward," said Cohen, a Democrat. "It goes without saying that water and sewer are some of the most critically important services. This water plant is one of the ways in which the city is addressing the longstanding liabilities that need to be addressed.", The next phase of the Cascadia rivalry takes place next month in Portland when the Timbers host the Sounders. Vancouver and Portland won't meet for the first time until Aug. 20 in Portland, with the return game between the Timbers and Whitecaps set to be the debut of the renovated BC Place Stadium in Vancouver in early October., Clinical trials of the study within cancer patients are expected to begin in about three years, where questions regarding the kind of effect the technique will have on a living human body can be fully examined, Guevara-Patino said., Ethan Johnson, a Catonsville resident attending Arbutus Middle, said he enjoyed working with the students from Catonsville Middle., Still, world leaders have embraced the serious-minded Monti as a welcome relief from his predecessor, Silvio Berlusconi, whose sex scandals and clownish personality had turned him and Italy into something of a laughingstock. The markets have rewarded Monti's agenda of austerity cuts and structural reforms by lowering Rome's borrowing costs, which hit intolerable levels in the autumn and precipitated Berlusconi's downfall., Long said after he lost a trucking job that paid $60,000 a year he lived on the streets of Denver for about two years. He said the protesters have no idea the troubles of the homeless., "We think it's most important to give playwrights full productions of their work. That can have a massive impact on artists and directly affect how they grow.", Obama shook everybody's hand and spent about 30 seconds with each person in the restaurant, Heinritz said., "When I got back to the infirmary," Anderson wrote, "I found out the two nurses who sent me to the hospital were reprimanded and the doctor who wouldn't listen to me is employee of the month.", SALISBURY FALCON FOOTBALL GOLF CLASSIC, MAY 12 — 7 a.m. registration, breakfast ... 8 a.m. shotgun start ... at Shepherd Hills G.C. 1160 S. Krocks Road, Wescosville … 1 p.m. lunch, awards … $80/golfer: coffee and doughnuts, refreshments on course, hot dog at turn, Italian lunch buffet, awards ceremony … sponsorship opportunities available $100 or $150 … info: http://www.facebook.com/salisburyfootball or Andy Cerco at 610-797-4107 ext. 2138 or acerco@stsd.org., That conference is being sponsored by the Earthquake Engineering Research Institute, the Seismological Society of America and the California Office of Emergency Services., It's uncertain how many D-Day veterans survive., The champ will have his or her doodle displayed on the Google homepage on May 18, according to a statement from Google on Wednesday, as well as on a special-edition box of Crayola crayons. The doodler's parents will probably be more excited about the $30,000 college scholarship. Google also will donate a $50,000 "technology grant" to the child's school., The group may pay circulators help gather the nearly 900 required signatures. A dozen volunteers also plan to help, Alexander said. If they're successful, the measure will likely appear on a September ballot., The black and white sneakers — representing the 23rd edition of the shoe associated with the Chicago Bulls’ great Michael Jordan, who wore number 23 on his jersey — have caused pandemonium at stores across the country. Police used tear gas in Seattle to curb unruly shoppers and rowdy crowds broke down doors to a shop outside of Atlanta in search of the sneakers, which retail for $180., "It’s gotten to a point over last 10 years where it’s better to manufacture here than in pretty much any other developed country in the world," he said., The group says Kardashian earned the title for "making a private matter public (the end of her 72-day marriage to Kris Humphries) and disrespecting the institution of marriage.", A: I do a combination of loose tea and tea bags. Typically I start my day with Darjeeling, move to a green tea in the afternoon and end my day with a red tea., Last week, Liz Warren’s campaign told the Boston Herald that they “flatly denied that she ever touted her Native American background professionally.”, Follow the game and post your comments in the chat below., Recommended: marinated skirt steak, fish tacos, apple crisp, From New York to San Francisco, and as far away as London, American Airlines and American Eagle employees have sponsored airport bake sales to raise money for relief efforts to Japan. And 16,000 members of the airline’s AAdvantage rewards program made contributions to the American Red Cross in exchange for bonus miles. As of last week, American said it had raised $1.64 million from its workers and customers., necessarily translate to the postseason. The Knicks have Stoudemire back, so Anthony will spend more time being defended by LeBron James rather than Chris Bosh, whereas the two split responsibilities on Melo in the final regular season matchup., Democratic National Committee spokesman Brad Woodhouse, on the other hand, dismissed Rubio’s remark as “revisionist history.”, "The whole implication in your brief is to suggest that there was this predisposed judge in the case and there wasn’t," an increasingly vehement Martini said Thursday. Later, he noted, "I’ve been on that bench for nine years … I’ve never been appealed to this extent with these type of allegations.", TRIAD FINISHES STRONG, 8770 SW Tachi Ct; 2,801 square feet; on 1/17/2012 for $350,000, Flames were visible from the roof of the large home in the 4800 block of Stonebrook Court about 6 p.m., said Paul Corah, a fire spokesman., Without having to worry about costs, government red tape and public criticism, the students were allowed to be innovative, said Bill Close Jr., a Valley architect and one of the 16 students in the ASU class., o"Ovi is a team guy and he is cheering his guys on," Capitals coach Dale Hunter said. "He knows what these guys are going through at the end of the game. They've got to go out and slide and block shots. He appreciates that., Q: Are you planning any wine vacations?, "I'll be hitting golf balls all year ‘round," he said. "I'll be in my backyard hitting off a mat into a net.", Reimold, Pie to share left, <U+FFFD><U+FFFD> Corey Edwards, 17 4.5 GPA. Played trumpet since fifth grade and has been involved in marching band, wind ensemble, jazz band, symphony orchestra, National Honor Society and the Academy Drum and Bugle Corps. Awarded $102,500 in scholarships. Attending University of Arizona to become biomedical engineer., File photoThe water supply at the Cumberland Manor was shut off for several hours on Monday as contractors installed a city water meter.BRIDGETON — The running water supply at the Cumberland Manor was shut off completely for several hours on Monday while a city meter was installed on the main water line into the facility, according to county officials., "Absolutely I think it's critical," she said. "I don't think our country can stand another four years" of President Barack Obama., October was the slowest month for dollars raised through initial public offerings in the U.S. and around the world in more than two years, but November is showing signs of a slight pickup., "Are you crazy?" granny asks., Under federal rules, if pressure on a pipe accidentally surges beyond a certain threshold - the highest level at which the line ran in the five years before it fell under the inspection law - an operator must inspect the pipe's welds for possible damage., The bag brouhaha was the result of a recently passed city ordinance that prohibits the stores from offering shoppers single-use, plastic bags. Paper is still available for a fee. A similar law went into effect Tuesday in Carbondale., They can easily be injured by debris flying into their eyes., But J.B. Silvers, a professor of health care management at Case Western Reserve University, says Cleveland's major hospital systems are able to fill new specialty hospitals because they've taken over so many private primary-care practices in the area. All those doctors are now hospital employees who end up referring their patients to hospitals owned by the same system that signs their paychecks., “So, besides grad school benefits, I feel like it will be a huge step to helping me be a better person,” he said. “Plus, the fact that I can perform undergraduate research outside the country is extraordinary.”, "I feel like I'm gonna make it. You can't keep a good dog down," Kenney says. "But some of those kids, they are not going to be able to handle it.", Other companies are putting the brakes on work in other ways. At KPMG, a professional-services firm, managers use "wellness scorecards" to track whether employees are working too much overtime or skipping vacation, a spokesman says. At Fenwick & West, a Silicon Valley law firm, "workflow coordinators" review attorneys' hours to avert overload., 1,078 passing yards by Orton through the team's first three games, the second-most in franchise history and the fifth-most in NFL history (since 1960)., the July-September quarter., Despite the addition of self-help kiosks, elite service desks, etc., the curbside Skycap is still your best, hassle-free option for check-in and baggage drop-off. You avoid the confusing and cramped terminals, making it well worth the modest tip., So good for the Bucs. And good for their classy coach Greg Schiano, who was LeGrand's coach when he played for the Scarlet Knights., 9589 Weyburn Dr, $20,500, "It gives me a surprise to see these little children, 14 or 16 years old, standing outside the club listening to our music," he told the newspaper. "But it also makes me feel very, very good.", Some experts said advertising during the Olympics could actually cause a spike in fast food consumption, even in people not inclined to eat it., Yahoo, in an initial public statement on the issue, had called the discrepancy an "inadvertent error.", It seems somewhat odd Mats Zuccarello just cannot play in the NHL. Maybe he can’t. There are, after all, educated people with the best interests of the organization at heart paid to make these decisions who have watched Zuccarello all season, but I must say, I find it strange a Rangers team always looking for pace and creativity doesn’t have a minute to spare for him., Worries over the radical fringe have risen at a time when tensions are growing between the generals who succeeded Mubarak and other Islamists over a host of issues — including the fate of the military-backed government, a court case looking into the legitimacy of the Islamist-dominated parliament and the selection process for a 100-member panel that will draft a new constitution., Lynda Wonacott, No. 5 Linfield exploded for six touchdowns during the second quarter Saturday as the Wildcats routed Puget Sound 73-7 in a Northwest Conference game in McMinnville., ALMOST A THIRD GOAL. Boyd just misses a flick, then Brunner has a chance, But as the league's Feb. 24 trading deadline nears, the organizational stance from Cho down to coach Nate McMillan makes it sound like the chances the Blazers trade their 22-year-old small forward are close to slim and none., At 9 a.m. the nurse came in to take blood pressure. Mr. Johnson was a little agitated. I spoke to him and gave him water. His breathing is raspy. Dozed off again., Even a man dubbed "Captain Canada" was never immune to criticism for his involvement with Canadian basketball., 2. Pour dressing into a serving bowl; cover and refrigerate for, The efforts have been underway for some time, Golembeski added., Attorney General Richard Cordray, who last week filed the first lawsuit in the nation against a mortgage servicer, GMAC, over the emerging scandal, will help lead the investigation as part of an executive committee., "We really came out flat,'' Saints coach Tim Twellman said. "We talked at halftime about stepping it up and about spreading the field. Obviously, the girls did a much better job in the second half.'', Police believe Sean C. Ray, 35, of Los Angeles rented a Mercedes-Benz convertible to avoid calling attention to himself while driving the streets and scouting cars to burglarize., The crossroads includes a leg of West 154th next to the La Quinta Inn; an access drive feeding the rapid station's parking areas; and a dedicated bus lane with large vehicles intent on staying on schedule. There's also a pedestrian crosswalk, just to make things more interesting., A report released today by the Cleveland and Cuyahoga County health departments shows only the slightest increase in the number of new syphilis cases reported to county officials in 2010., And he knew the senior transfer would need a crash course. Last summer, Green approached coach Tom Izzo and informed him that he was getting a three-bedroom apartment so he could take Wood in and speed up that process -- the other room would be for center Adreian Payne., A: I don't know about "in trouble," but you just might be on to something with the Eddie Jones comparison. Eddie was a significant contributor for the Heat for an extended period, but wasn't necessary spectacular in his play. Chris, in many ways, plays like Eddie, with such an approach so smooth that you just wonder whether there is another gear there., A spokesman for Young, whose chief of staff answered the call, said Young has been at the forefront of this issue since last year, when his legislation created a designated fund for school facilities., As in a lot of movies these days, though, the supporting actors are the real draw. Ed Burns, who is beginning to look like Brian Williams’ more-fun brother, is fine as Banks’ friend; as Nick’s old partner, Anthony Mackie is, as always, as cool and sharp as an icicle., The latest charges in the case, filed two weeks ago, allege that a contractor bribed Dimora with a Las Vegas prostitute in exchange for a public contract. Dimora has said he only received a massage from the woman and that he paid for the service. He addressed the prostitute allegation and his sons' subpoenas for the first time in interviews last week with television reporters., And the judges at the world competition found all this pretty impressive, awarding the team second place in research behind Team Toxic, also from the U.S., <U+200B>Many argue this is the best Italian restaurant in the city, although the last time I was here, everything seemed way over-sauced. Broccoli rabe, spiedini, linguine with white clams, chicken savoia, rigatoni pomodoro, penne arrabiate and other Italian standards in casual surroundings. Leave the menus, take home some cannoli., Overall: 1 1/2 stars (subpar), Place the lettuce leaves, mint, cilantro and basil sprigs on serving plates., Gocha and freshman J.D. Haley were hospitalized after the fight with serious injuries., Westminster senior outfielder Tate Matheny capped off a busy summer by making a college commitment Tuesday., This new gem in historic Glendale serves afternoon tea at 1:30 or 2 p.m. Monday-Saturday with advanced reservations. Enjoy a selection of hot teas with sandwiches, such as ham, chicken salad, cucumber and tuna puffs. Then have a classic scone with jam and Chantilly cream, and finally English trifle, chocolate-dipped strawberries and pecan cakes ($22 per person). The menu can vary daily., Anyone with information is asked to contact the Camden County Prosecutor’s Office Investigator Gary McBride at 856-225-8400, Lawnside Police Detective Brad Redrow at 856-573-6204 or Magnolia Police Detective Joseph Pappalardo at 856-784-1884., Don Munday edited the copy. Greg Branson,HectorCasanova and Dave Eames produced the graphics. Charles Gooch designed the pages., "It's great," captain Zach Parise said. "We're all enjoying this. We know we've got a lot of work and we have to keep improving and keep getting better. It's good right now.", When: Monday night., Attempts to reach the UC San Diego police officer who issued the ticket, or a supervisor, were not sucessful., When an officer caught up with Rees, the 19-year-old raised his knee into the officer, and they both fell down, Trent said. Rees continued to resist, so the officer pepper-sprayed the quarterback so officers could handcuff him, Trent said., By law, candidates cannot coordinate with the amped- up political action committees. But there's nothing to stop donors from giving to both. As a result, caps on presidential campaign contributions, which date back to Watergate-era reforms, have been rendered meaningless., Princeton coach Emil Signes, whom Rhode called “the father of sevens rugby in the U.S.” and a former U.S. Men’s and Women’s National Sevens teams coach, was one of the college coaches USA Sevens invited to apply for a bid., Authorities told the Bee that the suspect is in his mid-40s and may have had military training. Sgt. Anthony Bejaran, a sheriff's spokesman, would not confirm whether authorities had been in contact with the suspect., Featured artist: Steve Fitch., <U+0093>As soon as that (that a celebrity was linked to the case) became known, they knew coverage would explode,<U+0094> Thompson said. <U+0093>The police were on the hook. They had to find their man and find him fast.<U+0094>, "I won't do it unless I'm paid in the area of $100,000," she insisted., But in 2003, when the Legislature considered the concealed-carry measure, Schnucks neither opposed nor supported the measure, Willis said., On Friday, Cordray was still coming to grips with Tuesday’s results. He said he was proud of the work done by his office and campaign., 2110 L St., Sacramento, It's not clear exactly how many cable TV customers Frontier has in Oregon, where it serves Washington County and parts of east Multnomah County. The number is in the tens of thousands -- rather than the 600,000 that Comcast serves in Southwest Washington and Oregon., Note: Several readers have complained that the tinyurls in the column don't work. They do work, but only if they're typed into the Web address box at the top of a browser. You can't search for them on Google or Bing., "For a lot of people, it's the only savings they have," said Samirah Amatullah, a tax-preparation volunteer who works at Tedder Whitlock Consulting, a full-service certified public accounting firm in Livonia., Scoring for the Lady Blue Devils were Deanna Gesicki in the 100 (13.25; seventh) and 400 (1:00.91; second), Amanda Pucella (6:09.53; third) and Hajek (6:17.04; fifth) in the 1,600 run, 400 relay team of Jen Wisniewski, Brittany Byomin, Ashley Pucella and Katrina Henderson (59.46; sixth), the 400 shuttle hurdle team of Wisniewski, Amanda Pucella, Ashley Pucella and Henderson (1:24.17; fourth), Amanda Pucella in the 3,200 (13:31.84; second), the 1,600 relat team of Wisniewski, Gesicki, Ashley Pucella and Henderson (4:47.56; fifth), Amanda Pucella (7-0; third) and Hajek (6-6; fourth) in the pole vault relay, Hajek in the high jump relay (4-2; fourth), Gesicki (12-8.25) and Ashley Pucella (11-10) in the long jump relay, Janel Lest in the discus relay (75-9; eighth) and shot put (29-10; fifth) and Kelsey Lest in the shot put relay (29-5.5; seventh)., 9722 Harold Dr, $35,000, "This is a chance for them to tell a broad story of what it's like for them to be a youth in Clackamas County," Hartman said., The man’s body was found at the deepest part of a driveway next to 38 Watchung Ave., the Plainfield Family Health Center. The asphalt there remained stained with blood this evening. A purple medical glove and EMT manual were nearby., Anthem, according to Sanders, notified health and human services and insurance regulators about the incident., Hamburg emphasized that her agency has two competing roles: to thoroughly ensure the safety of new products and medications before they are released to the public, and to provide Americans timely access to effective, new products that improve quality of life., RB Kevin Austin, Curtis, Nutrition information per serving (values are rounded to the nearest whole number): 570 calories; 260 calories from fat (46 percent of total calories); 30 g fat (18 g saturated; 1 g trans fats); 75 mg cholesterol; 76 g carbohydrate; 6 g protein; 5 g fiber; 70 mg sodium., By that time, the congressman's Web site had crashed, he had taken a beating on his Twitter page and Democrat Rob Miller had raised thousands of unexpected dollars online for a possible rematch with Wilson in next year's midterm elections, according to Lachlan McIntosh, Miller's campaign manager., “It was so cool,” says Alicia Ybarbo, coauthor of “Today’s Moms,” of being in the show. “So fun and exhilarating., Tonight's Knicks game will be available on Time Warner after the deal is announced by New York Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo., We are so lucky to have so many talented shop keepers in our area who have the knowledge, the talents and the goods to make our special days even more special., "This is a really cool cubicle that could be adapted for an accounting office, a bank or whatever," he said., Morse, however, long ago relinquished his interest in Anderson's business, but the doctor said there were "no hard feelings" at the time., Last year, Fudge, who was living in Philadelphia, was diagnosed with stage-four lung cancer. He was given a year to live., "We ended up going deeper and deeper in debt," Widener explained recently. "So, when I found out I needed brain surgery. . .", The bragging rights: The world's first luxury electric vehicle with extended range., Redondo got out to fix the license plate at Shuhandler's request, according to Shell. Then, he returned to the passenger side of the truck and became agitated., 6. "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 13.91 million., For his actions, Target will be honored at the eighth annual Hero Awards by the Friends of Animal Care and Control of Maricopa County. The ceremony, presented by PetSmart, will be held Saturday at the Arizona Biltmore in Phoenix., The dispute centers on a 1 percent rate cap included in Proposition C to assuage fears that the law would inflate electric bills., They also own interest in a downtown Oakland property, a renovated warehouse that served as Brown's campaign headquarters and is valued between $100,000 and $1 million., There’s a clip that’s played on the Garden scoreboard of Emile Francis preparing his 1966-67 Rangers team in a pregame address, the Cat exhorting: “You’ve got to take the body!”, oThe incredibly clever concept of letting kids become Pixar heroes works pretty well, but the game isn't perfect. The Kinect controls in fast-paced action sequences just aren't as precise as traditional video game controls. Sometimes, they create a feeling of non-responsiveness - as if what you do doesn't really matter. At times, these floaty controls make you feel as if you are just along for the ride - albeit, a very exciting ride - but one in which you aren't in complete control. But given the forgiving nature of this game, kids won't get too frustrated. The game just lets them try again or, if they are having trouble, it adjusts what they should do next., Opponents of the facility applauded the state's move, but said the state still holds a trump card, and can deny state land leases of its own accord., 6 to try, Pallone acknowledged an immediate reinstatement of the moratorium would be unlikely, but he said he is hopeful a letter-writing campaign to by congressmen, senators and others opposed to offshore oil drilling will convince Obama to reverse course., Romney's campaign, eager to punch back after the Etch-A-Sketch moment went viral online, seized on the comment, emailing the this statement to reporters in the candidate's name:, Bear Creek 1, Fossil Ridge 0, OT, What's next for you, the natural history of composting?, The Masters runner-up birdied the 10th hole to move to 13 under at the Kuala Lumpur Golf and Country Club in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, before play was stopped for the day., - Several hundred people have taken part in a paddle-out in front of Junior Seau's Southern California home to pay tribute to the former NFL linebacker., In the second phase, $1 million was given to nonprofit organizations for specific projects., "This is the first time this has ever happened when he's been traveling on business," Downing said., 7. Ryan Theriot's 12-pitch at-bat in the ninth inning Friday was the first at-bat of that length to produce an RBI since Edgar Renteria clubbed a three-run homer on the 13th pitch of an at-bat in 2004. Here are the longest at-bats (14 or greater), by total pitches, since 1995:, Santa Barbara isn't the only place in California that's easy to explore with local transit, hotel shuttles, by bike and on foot -- think San Francisco, San Diego and Berkeley, for starters. If you've arrived by train or bus, experts say you shouldn't feel bad about catching the occasional taxi., The person who bid on the internship was Girls Gone Wild founder Joe Francis and he offered it up as a prize for one of his reality TV contests., Insurance companies are expecting New Jersey homeowners affected by Hurricane Irene to soon begin making claims., He did, however, incorporate an all-star cast. "The Big Year" is jammed with names: Rashida Jones, JoBeth Williams, Brian Dennehy, Dianne Wiest, Anjelica Huston, Joel McHale, Kevin Pollak, Anthony Anderson, Tim Blake Nelson and blink-and-you'll-miss-him Corbin Bernsen as a helicopter pilot., So Sondra Pickett and Patricia Hyatt chose Salem., Paul Westerberg and the Replacements spoke for countless artists and diehard fans when they wrote a song called "Alex Chilton" in 1987:, The Baltimore walk will be his final performance before he takes an even bigger stroll on June 15: over Niagara Falls. That stunt required much lobbying and rules changes in the United States and Canada., The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research on Tuesday is formally launching the Fox Trial Finder for patients with the disease, which the actor was diagnosed with in 1991 and affects about one million Americans., Yes 2,457, Safety Dietrich Riley is expected to have neck surgery Monday, which would force him to sit out the 2012 season. He was injured Oct. 29 against California and was taken to a hospital after tackling Golden Bears running back Isi Sofele., Flanked by supporters at a news conference on Tuesday, Oliver, while fighting for her job, put the sham in shameless., "One of the Lower Haight's greatest strengths is the diversity of the people who live here - residents who have been here for hipsters and folks of different socioeconomic backgrounds. It's a real mix," says Andrew Dudley, a resident who promotes the neighborhood in his lively blog, "haighteration." See, The festival will be in full celebration mode for the next two years, with two milestones coming up: the 80th anniversary of the art show in 2012 and the pageant's 80th birthday in 2013., Officials with Gov. Bill Ritter's office declined to say whether they would pursue regulatory changes, saying it was too early., Create new training programs at some state community colleges to train people to work in the energy industry., The Menendez recall effort is the brainchild of RoseAnn Salanitri, who leads the Sussex County Tea Party., The boy, an eighth-grader at the school, was shot in the chest by the district police officer, who was investigating a broken window in a portable classroom containing computers after an alarm went off, Pasadena Independent School District Superintendent Kirk Lewis. The officer said he felt threatened by the boy, whose name wasn't released, Lewis said., Besides the fraud prosecution, Industrial Enterprises has sued Margulies, Rosenthal and other Northeast Ohio businessman, as well as about 100 other defendants, in a dozen civil lawsuits filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware., 1.The defensive line will be fine, oJust consider an investor who bought $10,000 of stock at the beginning of 1999. Perhaps this would have been a young investor's early retirement savings. The shares closed at $10.31 on Jan. 4, 1999, meaning the investor could have bought 969.932 shares that day. You can look up historical prices of stocks, like Apple, using USA TODAY.com's free historical price lookup., The company needs approval from at least two-thirds of shareholders before its sale to Apollo Global Management can go through. A vote will be held during a special meeting on March 16 at 9 a.m. at the Sandusky State Theater in Sandusky., Poof! They were gone., "There have been a number of distortions about what this law encapsulates," Senseman said. "This language only boosts the legal defense.", March 19, 2011. I flew to Denver for the Timbers' first MLS game. I was there for 24 hours and it was one of the funnest, most memorable days I've ever had. It was a great party with the Timbers Army. A proud, historic day., And he should know - the banking lobby has defeated Leno's two previous dual-tracking bills., Let's hope the city loses some patching material in it first., Newark's first two intersections to get the cameras have tallied dozens of accidents in recent years., Furcal wasn't even close to that in spring training but Matheny said, "He overhauled his approach." By that, Matheny meant that Furcal had stopped hitting so many balls in the air and was concentrating more on a line-drive or even ground-ball approach., Crown Prince Salman bin Khalifa, appointed by the king of Bahrain to negotiate with the protesters, issued an emotional appeal for protesters to leave streets and for dialogue to start., Just 25 feet upstream from the drop, the victims had climbed over a metal guardrail, ignoring warning signs and apparently pleas from other hikers to get out of the water. Their bodies have not been found in the foaming, boulder-strewn torrent that is the Merced River. They are presumed dead., The idea surfaced again last week in published reports quoting MoDOT Director Kevin Keith., Not everyone was served, he said. The city still has about 240 chronic homeless people. The police still go in and tell them to move along, and give them information about places they can stay., The runner-up Butler Bulldogs forgot their lines when cast as the Hickory Huskers of "Hoosiers." Jimmy Chitwood didn't come back to the team, bringing his velvety shooting touch with him. No one did., Since it was launched, the aerial campaign has seen nearly 10,000 strike sorties flown by NATO warplanes, taking out key military installations and other Libyan government command centers., The special is a performance documentary inspired by "Women Who Rock: Vision, Passion, Power," an exhibit that opened at the Rock Hall in May. The main focus of the documentary will be the indelible mark that women musicians have made on America's soundtrack, from Bessie Smith to Janis Joplin to Lady Gaga., Another argument in favor of raising age limits for judges contends that Ohio has no comparable age limits for other public officials. This ignores the particular circumstances that apply to the environment of the bench, as opposed to other public offices. Compared to other officials, judges lead a somewhat cloistered existence, professionally. While it might become readily apparent to staff and others that an elected official is having difficulty, it might not in the case of a judge, since the average judge has fewer direct contacts., That's both the joy and the curse of the Cuyahoga Valley National Park: It's so close., Clearly, Klores -- a p.r. czar turned filmmaker turned playwright -- genuinely loves this crazy city's rough fabric., "If I discovered anything in that strange, 10-month period of recovery," Fischer later told The Times, "it's that music is the one thing that makes me sane.", Academic bio: Illinois State Scholar ... National Honor Society ... Silver Medallion Award ... Scholastic Achievement Award ... received Academic Achievement letters (three years) ... high honor roll (four years) ... 4.0 GPA., That's how the Irvine, Calif., woman, 58, describes her conversion nine months ago from an indulgent lifestyle to one of "age discipline.", "It's not a game-changer but when you take into account the upward revision to prior months and the drop in the unemployment rate, it's a step in the right direction," said John Canally, an economist at LPL Financial in New York., Under a previous agreement with the General Services Administration, the cost of the cleanup would be deducted from the cost of the land, set at $28.5 million. Parks Director Greg Mack said the cleanup contract becomes "the basis for our negotiations" with the federal government., Your mentioning your wedding, for which you presumably did not receive such china, and your use of that uppercase "C" both suggest that you have made something of a fetish item of what are, after all, dishes. In that case, it might be best to leave them in the cupboard and hope that your children will use them when you are gone., Nostalgia buffs should catch Vince Daniels' "Many Moods" show from 10 a.m.-1 p.m. on Saturday, April 21, on KCAA/1050 AM or, better yet, the live audio and video stream at www.VinceDaniels.com., “It raises the excitement level because it’s being talked about all over the world,” Dergarabedian said. “That’s why I think we’ll see more of this international-first strategy on certain key movies.”, "The very richest Americans are getting richer, the biggest corporations in America are getting wealthier," Edwards told the crowd of roughly 1,000 supporters at the afternoon event. "What's happening to working people?", New rules proposed, Continue reading: Beinart's Arabs, characters off-stage, The average rate on a 15-year fixed mortgage fell to 4.36 percent from 4.46 percent last week, according to Freddie Mac. This week's rate on 15-year mortgages was the lowest since Freddie Mac started tracking it in 1991., Beer-brewing hobby, --Tulsa led the nation in total offense in back-to-back seasons in 2007 and 2008, a first for any NCAA team since Nevada in 1995-96., Lloyd the league leader:, “This is America and everyone is looking to shop out and make sure they are getting the value for the community dollar,” said Melody Ashford, manager of Willamette Falls Media Center. “But we are a great community service and some things can’t be measured in money.”, The classics: Har gau ($4.25/4) is properly crimped in a scallop shape, speckled with tiny bits of bamboo shoot inside, and thoroughly delicious. Siu mai ($3.75/4) is a bit tough yet pink in the middle and imbued with a very strong sausage taste. Instead of tarts, egg custard ($3.75/2) comes tucked in sweet snowy white buns, for an enjoyable play of texture., WASHINGTON -- The nation's five largest mortgage lenders have agreed to overhaul their industry after deceptive foreclosure practices drove homeowners out of their homes, government officials said Monday., Hellwig said the speedy arrests were notable because of the brutal nature of the crime, which left the victim in the hospital for days., Why is there no minimum wait period between when an initiative is introduced and then voted on to ensure that proper time is given for rest of us catch up on what is being proposed?, "I saw other people doing that and it gave me a feeling, 'Hey, maybe I could do that,'" said Schuller, who earned a degree in apparel design and minored in merchandising management and business and entrepreneurship., "The landfill is licensed as an industrial-demolition landfill. We want to be sure that what is brought in is material the landfill is licensed for.", I'll report back when something changes., While some women might notice a missing pill or become alarmed if some of the pills were out of sequence, he said, others might not even see the mistake. “I think some would give the pharmaceutical company the benefit of the doubt and trust that they are ok.’’, House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer told reporters Tuesday he expected all three agreements to pass with bipartisan support. Opponents say they expect more than half of House Democrats to go against Obama and oppose the deals., Swanson has no plans to back down., (05-04) 23:12 PDT SAN DIEGO, (AP) --, Thursday's agreement would require similar space for hens nationwide -- and do it faster., The swift response also reflected a desire to avoid a repeat of the pink slime scare, which erupted when consumers learned some ground meat contained scraps of beef treated with ammonium hydroxide., Initially the driver gave the officer false information. On one occasion he said he was born in 1944 and was 47., Lewis, a 20-year-old amateur, shot a 5-under 65 to share the lead (see full leaderboard) after the opening round of golf's oldest major — a day that was even more special because he played alongside the man he was named after: five-time Open champion Tom Watson., The Post account says the aftermath of the crash has prompted the Maryland community where it happened to take sides. Killed in the May 14, 2011, crash were Spencer Datt, 18; Haeley McGuire, 18; and Johnny Hoover, 20. They had been drinking too., Ferguson's office began re-investigating in 2009. Emanuel agrees with Ferguson's conclusion that the sisters-in-law "were the owners of Windy in name only," but had submitted false documents to the city in 2004 claiming they ran the company., "Hey, hey, look out!" someone shouted. A dog off its leash ran into the street, and was causing drivers to swerve., We are not referring to the Nets of Roy Boe, who had no choice but to escape here after being chased out of Nassau County by torches and pitchforks, but the Nets who originally arrived on the teeming shores of Teaneck a decade earlier., The companies announced the deal in July, and Express Scripts hopes to complete the purchase in the first half of 2011. Antitrust regulators and Congress are scrutinizing the transaction. The companies have said the larger Express Scripts would be able to use its size to save money for consumers and health plans, but critics have said the deal will reduce health care choices and may not deliver the savings., And now you got the Peyton Manning question. Could Petyon help them? No question about it. No question about it., "You have to take into account the community and the people that are going to be affected," she said. "That, unfortunately, that did not happen.", <U+0093>We<U+0092>re still going to take it day-by-day,<U+0094> Fister said of Seattle. <U+0093>We<U+0092>re expecting the best as of right now.<U+0094>, I expect today that Dr. Risk will be well aware of major news of the day already, given you can get updates everywhere, at any time. What will be new to Dr. Risk will be the stories we report that no one else is reporting. Many of those end up on the front page., The Cavs gave up 106 points in regulation, the third time in the past four games the Cavs have allowed more than 100 points. That has Brown more concerned than the free-throw shooting., In a medium bowl, whisk together 1 tablespoon oil, 2 tablespoons orange juice, mustard and brown sugar. Add fennel and pears and toss well. Set aside., Some of the ships withered away in dry dock - the Mississippi Queen was sold for scrap - but the American Queen, well preserved in a government yard, has been revitalized and will return to service in April as the only vessel of the Great American Steamboat Co., NEWARK — Ronald Manzo, a politically connected Hudson County insurance broker, was sentenced in federal court today to three years of probation and a $30,000 fine for his role in helping Dennis Elwell, the then-mayor of Secaucus, get $10,000 in bribery money in 2009 from an undercover FBI informant who was posing as a dirty real estate developer., "The Seattle atmosphere is awesome," Paulson said. "It's a bigger venue, it's a bigger city. We're always going to be capped by our size. But it's going to be more authentic and more electric. I'll say that with a heck of a lot of conviction.", “Asteroids’s not working,” he says. “Get it out! We can’t have it here for Fourth of July.” He wants Pac-Man in its place., The changes will include parochial and charter school students, who are entitled to transportation from the district., Lisa Rogovin's tours include Berkeley's Gourmet Ghetto, San Francisco's Ferry Building, West Marin, Sonoma and Napa County chocolate tasting and food with wine. A new San Francisco Mission District tour was to begin Saturday. She accepts a maximum of 10 tasters for the Gourmet Ghetto tour, which takes place rain or shine, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Thursdays, and costs $75. The food tastings change depending on what's in season. Info: (415) 806-5970, http://www.inthekitchenwithlisa.com., Currently, Dr. Becker is professor emeritus in anthropology at West Chester University. He has spent over 40 years researching the Lenni-Lenape and their native and colonial neighbors, is published in scholarly and popular journals, and has received the support of prestigious granting agencies., Emeryville detective Lance Goodfellow discounts the "too drunk to notice" theory., While life expectancies in some parts of the U.S. match those of the healthiest nations on earth, in vast swaths of this country preschoolers can expect to live no longer than their peers in some of the poorest and most strife-ridden parts of the world., P.F. Chang's China Bistro Inc., up $11.79 at $51.48, Rodgers said that students who did not agree with the no-hug policy should have talked with the principal and behaved accordingly until the rule was changed., Any student who is not yet up to date should make an appointment with their local healthcare provider, or call 877-PA HEALTH (877-724-3258) to be connected to their local state health center. The most recent copy of the student’s vaccination history must be provided at the time of the appointment. Students must be accompanied by a parent or guardian., Carr, a husky youth, has a knack for fixing things around the house, said his mother, a single parent who has worked as an editor at a data firm in Horsham for 10 years. She owns a house in the Olney section and makes sure her three children are in by 6:30 each night., But it also has turned the spotlight on a much broader problem in the global economy: Companies around the world often rely on small networks of suppliers that may be thousands of miles away. A good number of those suppliers are in Japan., The agency’s executive director, Patrick Foye, announced the crackdown on Friday, the same day Port Authority Police arrested five motorists on the George Washington Bridge, alleging they tried to avoid paying the toll. The five were charged with theft of services. Foye said the arrests marked the beginning of stepped up toll enforcement at the agency’s six crossings., Bridgewater-Raritan Superintendent Michael Schilder said students at those schools would remain there, while 24 students from the district’s other primary schools would be sent to Milltown., Gold Spike., Researchers are looking at how the antimicrobial affects hormonal and immune systems and the chemical's relationship to asthma and allergies. And could killing a specific bacterium, which triclosan does, tip a body's balance to cause long-term health problems?, A lineup of Sutton-Brown/Catchings/Douglas/Briann January/Erin Phillips would be small, however. Rebounding has long been a Fever deficiency., Larry O'Dell Associated Press, "I went to Alaska and got a job doing science research on commercial fishing vessels. I lived on fishing boats for a couple of months. After I was done with that experience, I went to Chile and taught English, then traveled around South America for a bit. I always wanted to live a life like that. And that was the first opportunity where I could. I found a lot of good material to write about.", Johns Hopkins' No. 2 seed is the program's highest since 2005 when that squad was the top overall seed and went on to capture its eighth of nine national championships., Other residents still feel safe., Bonifacio, in a 7-for-45 (.156) slump, said he has not been comfortable at the plate lately., This spring, we asked readers to tell us their best memory at an Indians game. More than 600 of you responded. All season, The Plain Dealer will publish fan memories -- one each day the Indians are scheduled to play. Here is Sunday's essay by Bob Olsson of South Russell:, ~ Trout’s Power Equipment, 580 N. Pearl St., during regular business hours., Why it's hot: The weekly "Pulp the Party" helped spark a renaissance for subculture dance nights in Ybor City and beyond. No need to peacock here, folks; just let your freak flag fly. "It's about blowing off steam and not having to pop your collars or putting on a jacket," said mastermind Paul Geller, a.k.a. DJ Pauly Crush, of Orlando. "We take pride in delivering music that isn't being played at other clubs yet, or maybe ever will — certainly not on the radio." That means maintaining a core group of like-minded DJs with similar musical tastes; Geller even grooms new up-and-coming DJs to fill in. Pulp also brings quality drink specials, like a free keg of Stella Artois, $1 and $2 vodka drinks and free vodka shots when a snow machine goes off twice an hour. For Pulp's third anniversary party in July, they offered free drinks from 9 p.m. to midnight, and there was a line around the block to get in., Doctorow gives us Sherman - unstable but brilliant, determined to be one with his soldiers, yet somewhat detached. And he weaves a slew of other characters into the mix, too: Pearl, the pretty young former slave who attracts the attention of the Union soldiers; Colonel Sartorius, the field surgeon for whom amputation is the only answer to many injuries (Satorius will be familiar to readers as the evil genius in Doctorow's earlier novel, The Water Works); Emily Thompson, the southern aristocrat and daughter of a judge who becomes the doctor's assistant; Arly and Will, a pair of Confederate soldiers who might have been dreamed up by Mark Twain; and even one Coalhouse Walker Sr. (father to the black jazz pianist who figures so prominently in "Ragtime")., But can it really be done at home? As daunting as it might seem to make your own infusion, Gaber, who has been making her own liqueurs since 2006, says it requires only a few steps. Lavender, rose, jasmine and any number of fruits will give vodka a lovely hint of their flavor; use dried flowers (which you can get from Whole Foods) for intense flavor, and let it sit for at least a week (refrigerate if you're using fruit)., "They were like little robots. If you asked them about mommy, they would run away," he said. But "in the last week, I could not sit down without them climbing up on my lap.", It may make the difference between a downgrade and an upgrade., Hey, Tony: Holmgrem, Heckert and Shurmur all have the same agent (Bob LaMonte). Does he represent any key free agents that the Browns might take a look at? Is it normal in the NFL for an agent to have so much influence on one team? -- Robby Whitmyer, Louisville, Ohio, Although fresh spinach will keep in the in the refrigerator crisper for three to four days, enjoy it immediately for the best flavor. Since it's usually grown in sandy soil, wash spinach thoroughly before eating., Today marks the opening of the Rutgers Football spring practice. The team will space out 15 practices over the next month and will practice will conclude with the Spring Game to be played on Saturday, April 28th at 3pm., Ismail's recurring message of the power of Islam to transform society was evident outside the Assad bin Forat mosque in Cairo, where he has preached for years. It is his wellspring and sanctuary and, now, an unofficial campaign office of pious men rushing with posters, T-shirts and signature sheets., Academic rank: 12 of 71, Here's how to avoid regretting your response., Whitman, though, has handled every challenge that's been tossed her way with aplomb., Stripping away myths, The Shapiros were married for more than 50 years and had three children: Susan of Los Angeles and twins David and Steven of Salt Lake City; and four grandchildren., The event, at the Santa Clara Convention Center, also will feature adventure travel experiences, including an indoor zip line and a rock-climbing wall. Tour operators and visitors bureaus representing dozens of California, U.S. and global destinations will be featured in the exhibit hall, and culinary tourism will be highlighted on its own stage., The panels can be nailed into place with a hammer or nail gun onto furring strips, which must first be nailed up, according to thisoldhouse.com., Munching on pizza, the ASAP members bonded over everything from their shared love of certain video games to their differing appraisals of singer Cyndi Lauper's feminism. They said little about themselves personally., In the early days, ASI hired friends and family, especially former colleagues with strong reputations. Now that the company has more than 160 employees with plans to add 20 more this year, it doesn't leave attitude to word-of-mouth. It tests for it., But it is inaccurate to frame this debate as simply another battle between those who care about the environment and those who want to exploit it. The environmentalists who tout wind energy and other relatively green sources of energy point out that we are producing and consuming energy in such a manner as to throw the globe's human and ecological future into doubt. Runte appears to believe that to acknowledge this amounts to giving "everything called 'renewable' ... a pass." I worry that his argument amounts to giving everything deemed "scenic" a pass while ignoring or minimizing the dire threats posed to humans and non-humans by our reckless levels of consumption., Will there be an “Amnesty Clause” in the new collective bargaining agreement? And if so, does that signal the beginning of the end for Brandon Roy?, At 6-11, Thompson said getting low enough to fight for position late in games isn't easy., The Internal Revenue Service is battling the estate of art dealer Ileana Sonnabend over the value of a Robert Rauschenberg work called "Canyon," which includes a stuffed bald eagle., It was Artie Boyle who three years ago asked Los Angeles Kings general manager Dean Lombardi at Boston’s Hilton Logan Airport if he would consider trading Brian to the East Coast., Sydney So Sweet, "It's a little hard to say," Veirs says. "If you took an African child in Mali who heard music of that area and brought them to the States in a different cultural context, would they forget the original music or go forward with that in their heart? My impression is that the first music goes in and informs and makes an impression. There's so much to be learned through music at a young age. I watch my child, at 2, learning rhythm and words. He can say, ‘Mexico,' because we sing ‘Jamaica Farewell' to him - ‘I've been from Maine to Mexico' - and he always jumps in to say, ‘Mexico!' ", I was wrong. From the start, "Shortbus" made me glad for the wait -- and of course, glad for the "command" to see it. Mistress Morgana and I agreed that it was the best portrayal and contextualization of hard-core sex -- real sex -- that we'd seen yet in a film. The movie opens with a medley of the main characters having explicit sex, from autofellatio to intercourse in many amazing positions. And in each case it's realistic to a fault, without telling the viewer what to think about the sex they're seeing. Fluids fly, women seek orgasm openly for its own sake and nothing else., Top individuals -- x-Jay Myers (San Jose State) 211; 2. Justin Shin (New Mexico State) 211; 3. Sean McMullen (Idaho) 216; 4. Gaston De La Torre (New Mexico State) 218; T5t. Matt Hovan (San Jose State); Jarred Bossio (Idaho) and Sam Forgan (Louisiana Tech) 220., "It is kind of amazing those are the only two guys left," Adelman said. "I told them, 'This is the group we have. What are you going to make of it?' That is the same approach I have to take.", Through April 28, drop off donations at Destination Style Boutique, Franklin Plaza, 29107 Northwestern Hwy., Southfield (248-353-1158 or www.shopdestinationstle, But when he took the stand in his own defense, Feliciano claimed the killing was provoked and said he was nearing retirement when Hinds fired him., He now faces two counts of robbery and a burglary charge., Every women's school sprint record has been set since Johnson came aboard, first as the assistant in charge of jumps, sprints and hurdles and since fall 2009 as associate head women's track coach. Ditto for the long jump and triple jump., "We're not going to win this race the way Gov. Romney has won the states he's won already, by outspending his opponent by 5-to-1 and beating them up. He's not going to outspend Barack Obama 5-to-1," Santorum said. "How are you going to win an election if your greatest attribute is 'I'll spend more money than the other person'?", And this in a state known for close elections., Sugary foods damage teeth by generating acid that wears away at them, says Dr. Rhea Haugseth, president of the American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry. "Every single time you have any type of sugar in your mouth, the bacteria take that sugar and produce acid, and it starts a 20-minute acid attack," she says., Already the radio and television airwaves, the Internet, newspaper accounts and commentary are filled with descriptions of the exchanges between the lawyers arguing pro and con before the justices who will decide the fate of the controversial law. Most of these observations are second-hand, based on transcripts and on audio recordings only fairly recently permitted, because television cameras are barred., La Russa announced this week he was retiring as Cardinals manager. He wanted to make sure Pujols was all right with the decision., Sassoon, often referred to as the "founder of hairdressing," was found dead in his Mulholland Drive home. The Los Angeles Times reports that law enforcement officials say he died of an "unspecified illness.", Noguez's relationship with Salari has been at the center of an influence-peddling probe launched last year after assessor's office employees complained that Salari and his wealthy clients were getting special treatment from Noguez and his top aides., New Jersey's unemployment hit a five-year high of 5.9 percent in August, and could grow worse as financial industry employees lose their jobs. The national rate unemployment rate was 6.1 percent last month., “The next stage is a very awkward stage,” one EP says. “It’s between a walk and a run. Try to walk it out if you can.”, As the state’s financial advisers said two years ago, a successful PPP requires “complex negotiations,” “high procurement costs,” “time-consuming implementation” and “continuous monitoring of service and quality standards.”, “That line of communication is tremendous. As long as I’ve been in the organization, this is as good as I’ve seen it.”, Simply bringing the KKK into any discussion that involves public schools, particularly struggling urban schools in St. Louis and Kansas City that serve primarily black populations, is monumentally absurd., Cannice's findings echoed those of a new nationwide survey of more than 100 investment bankers conducted by Chicago-based BDO United States. Three-quarters called multibillion-dollar valuations for many pre-IPO Internet companies unjustified., You'd think the Harvard and UC Berkeley graduate would be celebrated for discarding Capitol perks for the hard work of running urban schools., These days, you're not likely to encounter an unpleasant twang in the half-dozen or so pumpkin ales on the market. But you won't find much pumpkin, either. Most of the flavor in these beers comes from a heavy dose of spices. Cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves are the most common components. Jack's Pumpkin Spice Ale also contains ginger. Imperial Pumpkin Ale from Weyerbacher Brewing Co. in Easton, Pa., leans heavily on cardamom., Passmore has been charged with two second-degree counts of unlawful possession of a firearm. Bauer has been charged with one second-degree count of unlawful possession of a firearm., Harry Parker was vaguely familiar with the term "seismic'' when he moved to San Francisco from Dallas in 1987 to run the city's Fine Arts Museums. He was brought up to speed his first week on the job, when the city engineer told him that both museums he was now responsible for -- the de Young in Golden Gate Park and the Palace of the Legion of Honor in Lincoln Park -- could collapse in a major earthquake., After a brief closure and remodel, South Food+Wine Bar opened Wednesday as Marlowe, named after owner Anna Weinberg's great grandfather's South Boston butcher shop., Sound like fun? For everyone but beginning cyclists it's hardly easy but very doable., Our Vietnamese hosts in Hanoi were only too happy to arrange the trip, so excited were they themselves to see the new cave "discoveries." Their whole family joined us., Straight Ahead Soul, —EGYPT imported 147,833 metric tons, a 30 percent increase. It was worth $236 million, up 33 percent. Egypt's was the No. 1 importer of variety meats by volume—113,953 metric tons worth $141 million, and No. 2 in dollars. It is the top buyer of U.S. beef in the Mideast., Among the group's concerns were "compliance issues … putting the organization at risk.", A sport for all ages and skill levels with the object to throw a flying disc from a designated starting area (tees) into a target called a pole hole, in the fewest shots possible., "It's not the ideal start but I am not going to panic and think it's all lost.", Mr. Morales's move also is a response to protests by labor unions and other indigenous groups he is trying to win over, said Moises Naim, a senior associate at Washington's Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. "This is power politics," said Mr. Naim. "It has nothing to do with economic development or energy policy. It's got to do with regime maintenance.", NEW DELHI – Aston Martin expects to garner about a fifth of its 2012 sales from emerging markets such as China, India and the Middle East, a senior executive at the U.K. luxury sports car maker said Friday., "People are resetting to a 'new normal,'" Dunham adds. "And some have accepted that things might not ever be the same.", For Obama, though, it is a question of tone and emphasis., <U+0093>I thought, <U+0091>That's it,' <U+0094> he said. <U+0093>I could work for an opera company.<U+0094>, All-Staten Island girls basketball Coach of the Year: Peter LaMarca, McKee/Staten Island Tech, Studies have found, Hsiao says, that stimuli such as lines, curves and motion generate similar responses from the neurons in the brain associated with vision and from those linked to touch., Maxine Jasko is fulfilling all the preseason hype. The senior has knocked the cover off the ball since Day One and a win over St. Joseph Hill was no different. She went 2-for-3 with five RBIs. The Mavericks have a big week with games against St. John Villa and St. Joseph by the Sea ahead of them., CAPRICORN (December 21-January 18): You've gone as far as you can go on your own. Cut people in for a piece of the action and they'll treat you to a slice of the pie., Drew Altman, Kaiser Family Foundation president and CEO., Don Herzog, a law professor at the University of Michigan, said Jackson's ruling raises questions about the power of the government to determine what should be taken seriously in politics when it comes to protected speech., I entered the pool for a Hydro-Pilates class thinking I was in for my easiest activity of the year. Boy was I wrong. Even in a shallow pool, balancing on one foot while executing all sorts of lifts, dips, and other poses put my fragile sense of balance to a real test. Outside the water, I'd have fallen countless times., Anthony Bass, a pitcher half Moyer's age, went five innings and gave up three runs. Bass (0-2) also had a career-high seven strikeouts., Not really., In a Star Tribune review, critic Larry Fuchsberg described "Silent Night" as "grimly beautiful," and said it "heralds the emergence of composer Kevin Puts as a force in American opera. ... In the course of two hours he integrates an astonishing range of forms and styles. ... 'Silent Night' is, improbably, Puts' first opera; it shouldn't be his last.", The musicians "didn't speak the same language, but within a few minutes they came together to make a fusion of beautiful music," said Ruddick, now 33. "I thought how doing the same thing on film could be just as amazing.", Three South Bay residents - Theo Mavromatis, Kevin Rudolph and William Reed Johnson Jr. - were among the four-man crew aboard the Aegean, a 37-foot sailboat that crashed in waters off the Mexico-U.S. border early Saturday morning during a yacht race from Newport Beach to Ensenada., It's fair to wonder if the mayor's position has something to do with a potentially competitive re-election campaign this year in a town with many union workers. But Plusquellic said he told legislators and an official in the Kasich administration before the law was enacted that "it goes too far.", After Dominique left, Lohan called back seeking to work things out with Major. "He sounds extremely intoxicated," Major told the 911 dispatcher., The music of Dylan and Guthrie has been used prominently in "Occupy" protests across this country and at game-changing political uprisings in other countries. And these projects surrounding their work come just in time for what looks to be an exceptionally volatile presidential election year, one that comes on the heels of last year's Arab Spring protests that toppled long-entrenched repressive governments in several countries and helped foment myriad "Occupy" demonstrations in the U.S. and abroad., The Greater Phoenix Convention and Visitors Bureau on Friday issued a statement saying, "The lifting of the boycott is clearly a step in the right direction. It acknowledges that illegal immigration is not just an Arizona issue but a national one, and it makes it easier for the community to get back to the business of booking conventions.", But no one here had been planning a six-day expose on Texas abortion laws. No effective notice was given – and one can only wonder whether this was by design. So, we had no opportunity to seek other opinions, to balance the presentation, to add context or depth. We considered: On a moment's notice, should we remake our week's opinion pages around Trudeau's surprise? It seemed a calculated ideological ambush: Turn over your opinion pages, or else., “Kids are tough on their suits, so it pays to invest in quality swimwear,” Keeley said. “It’s frustrating to have to replace a swimsuit because the material on the bottoms is thinned from sitting on the edge of the pool, or the fabric fades in the first week from the chlorine. In the end, a high-quality suit will save money because it lasts longer.”, “History tells these companies nothing, as far as what’s a fair price,” said Chris Agnew, analyst at Greenwich, Connecticut-based MKM Partners. “This is the last round of consolidation in the industry. That can have a huge bearing on what you’re willing to pay.”, The series' original working title was "Rookies." Terry Kinney, who plays the newbies' field training officer, is glad that name didn't stick., Chrysler has won another legal victory with a former dealer who sued the company to reopen his showroom following the company's franchise cuts in 2009., "I don't care if it is considered a record," Hall told NBC Universal Sports at the end of the race. "All I know is that I am a 2:04 marathoner, and that is something I will be proud of for the rest of my career.", Phoenix homicide investigators now are "well aware of the connection" between Drenth's death and his involvement in the off-duty misconduct investigation, Harris said., -- Some members of the company have children, so there's an on-site school with two teachers and four students (three are taught in French, one in English)., Although American Greetings owns both its land and its buildings, he said it's a well-known strategy that if you're a tenant who's unhappy with his lease, "you go out and look at 10 buildings so your current landlord knows you're looking, and he comes up and negotiates a lower rate," he said., Although Loving's book tells Twain's story in chronological order, and tells it well, at crucial points it will expand its frame to show how certain themes - slavery, war, a guilty conscience, the unreliability of father figures, a pessimistic naturalism - appear, reappear and develop in Twain's life and work., Always active, Van Almsick spent 35 years with the St. Louis County Police Department, then retired and joined the Lakeshire Police Department as a part-time officer. He also works for Enterprise, picking up and delivering cars., Veronica Kalich, an economics professor at Baldwin-Wallace College, said Ohio has seen growth in some of its largest sectors, including trade, transportation and utilities, which had an annual growth of 1.7 percent. Education grew by 1.8 percent and manufacturing by 2.7 percent., "The enormous success we've achieved over the past seven years was made possible by the people of St. Louis, and we've been blessed in ways we never could have imagined," the statement read. "We will continue to support people and families with Down syndrome in the St. Louis area and carry on our mission of Faith, Family and Others.", The impact he makes off the field has always been a priority for him, from supplying dictionaries to third graders through his Rich in Spirit Foundation, to being active in his church and the Boys & Girls Club., Harvard (17-11) at Hofstra (19-11), 4 p.m., Q: What do you remember about your big-league debut against the Rays last year on May 18?, From Hong Kong, Miller and his wife, Shannon Stone, worked their way around Asia, with Ted staying in the brewing industry. When their oldest child reached school age, they returned to Indy., West said she told the assistant principal, Jermaine Blount, he was crazy if he thought she was coming out with a change of clothes for the eighth-grader., At the time, Carroll said, he considered any bare spot in Cleveland at risk because of the amount of lead paint in homes., Neither the state Administrative Office of the Courts nor Legal Services keeps track of the number of people who represent themselves, known as pro se litigants., Conservatives argue that America is a Christian nation, but these realities offend the faith. Jesus embraced his mission to "preach good news to the poor." He would judge us by how we treated the "least of these.", 2011 stats: 80 catches, 1,143 yards, eight TDs., I've seen it all, from the texting (hey, you only have two hands, right?) to the right arm wrapped around the passenger seat in the "maxin' and relaxin' " pose, to the driver slowly drifting into the bike lane (and cyclists) while eyeing a parking spot., Before being ordered to prison, Jeffrey Fisher offered an emotional apology for causing the crash that killed his girlfriend, 30-year-old Eva Meyers of Carol Stream., A look back: Albert Pujols led the big leagues with seven homers in spring training, while Shelley Duncan finished in a eight-way tie for second with six., Key and the family reached a verbal agreement Wednesday and a written offer was received by the family Thursday, Ryan Bryski said. The bank cannot discuss private details of a customer's finances, and the family won't disclose the exact dollar amount forgiven. But both sides are glad the case is closing., Mr. Delss was a communicant of St. Clare Roman Catholic Church, 716 Myrtle Ave., Essex, where a memorial Mass will be offered at 10:30 a.m. Sept. 10., Portugal's Old World charm and cultural offerings long have offered bargain hunters an alternative to Europe's pricier destinations. But hotel rates have come down even more -- about 14 percent to 18 percent, according to the Portuguese National Tourist Office -- as both the down economy and competition from new hotels put pressure on rates., Members questioned why she claimed two separate addresses -- her own and her father's -- on various documents, including her driver's license., A chief will be appointed every year by the two companies; this chief will oversee the fire operations of both companies., It's a lovely, rustic, cozy room and the place gets bonus points for the extra decorating touches during holidays throughout the year. Halloween was fun, and the Christmas décor is supposed to be even better., Player of the year: Marshall Conrad, Regis Jesuit, "It is a first-run movie theater. Always was and will continue to be," said Councilwoman Brenda Whitaker, chair of the Downtown Committee. "It's served multiple purposes, but the main thing is to be a first-run movie theater at more affordable pricing.", RNC spokesman Jahan Wilcox said, "This bill has not been part of our discussion regarding the convention.", "You're definitely pretty nervous," said Schwartz, the team's No. 1 pick in the 2010 NHL draft. "I was excited but obviously really nervous. So I tried to control that as best I could and tried to have fun with it.", "I did have a fresh eyebrow wax," she told People magazine of her pregnancy preparations earlier this year. "I got my nails done, I got my feet done, had my hair done, and I had my little lip gloss.", "I feel that they're attempting to use the U.P. as a resource colony," said Catherine Parker of Marquette, who said she sees an increased interest from lawmakers in cashing in on the U.P.'s mineral and timbering resources., Crews smoothed out a pothole-packed portion of Nottingham under a railroad bridge between East 185th Street and St. Clair Avenue. Road Rant shared a few complaints about the rough stretch in Wednesday's column., New Year's Day is a good time for reflection and, of course, mimosas. The Wine staff has a particular fondness for Lambrusco, the sparkling red wine from Italy. It tends to be fairly inexpensive. Cantine Mederfil Le Grotte Lambrusco Rosso Dolce at Trader Joe's is only $5 a bottle., In the ten years since the pension increase was adopted, payouts by the California Public Employees' Retirement System have more than doubled, to $10.8 billion, while resources fell from an actuarial surplus of $32.8 billion to an actuarial unfunded liability of $35 billion in 2008., Salinger's other books don't equal the influence or sales of "Catcher," but they are still read, again and again, with great affection and intensity. Critics, at least briefly, rated Salinger as a more accomplished and daring short story writer than John Cheever., The tourney’s major Cinderalla story also should be remembered as a collection of marvelous shooters. Guard Darrell Kreun was an all-time marksman., District 5 Cuyahoga County Councilman Michael Gallagher, who served on Strongsville City Council with Coyne from 2000-2010, removed his colleague from all council committees following Coyne’s initial implication in the Cuyahoga County government corruption probe., Drugmaker Pfizer Inc.’s first-quarter net income fell 19 percent to $1.79 billion, or 24 cents per share, mainly due to new generic competition and $2.6 billion in legal, restructuring and other charges. Pfizer has significant operations in the Philadelphia region. In the first full quarter since blockbuster cholesterol pill Lipitor lost U.S. patent protection, its sales fell 71 percent in the U.S. and 42 percent worldwide, to $1.4 billion. But big discounts to insurers and patients helped retain a third of the market, far more than usual. Pfizer has two potential blockbusters awaiting approval. — AP, What players and coaches said after the Broncos' 49-29 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs at Invesco Field on Sunday., I'll post more later. Back to work on basketball., The trial judge questioned King regarding his request to represent himself and determined that the defendant was neither adequately prepared or familiar with court process to do so and denied the request., Back in 2003, Jeff Morgan and Leslie Rudd made a kosher Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon called Covenant that could stand right up there with the big boys. Now the partners have just come out with their first Chardonnay, named Lavan, which means "white" in Hebrew., He was easy. Just Jimmy, never more. After becoming Cuyahoga County's Democratic Party chairman and a commissioner by the late 1990s, he was the go-to guy to punctuate a county story with an original quote, or to add some insight into party machinations., Davis and Kelly were also charged with robbery in Clackamas County, Hanlon said., Despite narrow margins at some plants, such as Orion assembly, the union<U+0092>s tentative agreement won over members with job promises and wage increases for entry level workers., "Fortunately, while I write about the struggle, I wake up in the morning most of the time with a smile on my face, and I've managed to make it to the other side of these things. But I know if I just stay true to the experience, and to what I see as real, it's not gonna leave 'em in a dark place -- it just exposes a dark place. I guess what I'm saying is that it's OK to talk about it. I also think if I explain how hard is has been for me, people don't feel so alone. I know that's my reaction when I listen to sad, hard songs -- 'Oh God, they went through that, too. I'm not so alone.'", It feels good to be here, being taken care of by the knowledgeable servers. Bar Bambino may be trendy, but it's the real deal and should continue to thrive., Through the first six months of this budget year, government revenue has totaled $1.06 trillion, up 4.4 percent from the same period a year ago. Individual and corporate tax receipts are both up, reflecting the improving economy., "It's not our role to do things for unions instead of them," he said. "Our role is to help them do things once they decide to do them.", Now at Plum, he's putting his experiences together, implementing fine-dining techniques and attention to detail in a casual neighborhood setting. And he's got a few new mentors, too., Matheny thanks La Russa, The adoptive mother let the dogs in, and the school workers "saw that they were active and jumpy," according to the sheriff's report., Add 2 cups almond water and 3 cups of sugar to a pot (refrigerate extra almond water for future batches). Simmer on low and stir occasionally until the sugar dissolves. Remove from heat. Let cool and add orange-flower water, rose water and bitter almond extract, and adjust to taste. Transfer to a container and store in the refrigerator., A woman in her 20s and her mother pointed out a bullet hole in a telephone pole in front of their house, which sits on Vine between 3rd and 4th streets. The hole was about 10 feet off the ground in the eastern side of the pole, indicating the shot had come from further down Vine Street and was fired in a westerly direction., Hesitation to act threatens the state's ability to keep control over its insurance exchange, he said., Many New Jersey children who commit minor crimes for the first time don’t see the inside of a courtroom. Instead, they experience a form of neighborhood justice., White said the South Orange school will name an interim president and "then determine the best way to move forward.", A police detective told the Raiffie family in 1999 that a break in the case might be imminent, but he transferred out of homicide and there was no new information, Seymour Raiffie said., The bodies of Ward Noeninger, 46, and Lisa Patterson, 39, were found in Noeninger's home in the 500 block of North Sixth Street., Still texting while driving? OMG! It's time to get the message and stop., "I thought our defense played really well today," UO coach Chip Kelly said. "They came up big in second-and-long. And (the offense) didn't move the ball on them in overtime. I thought our defense responded really well on Monday too. The offense needs to come to play.", CIML schools can pay several times that amount to put in a new one now., It's off to the races with fancy hats and mint juleps at Fairmount Park this Saturday for the racetrack's annual Derby Day in honor of the Kentucky Derby., 4. (6.) Long Reach (2-1, 101-69), U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who announced Monday that he will visit Myanmar this weekend at President Thein Sein's invitation, said there is "an unprecedented opportunity" to help promote its transition to democracy., The general store is alive and well in rural Jersey, in places such as Stillwater, Califon and Woodglen. The Hainesville General Store, like its brethren, is a little bit of everything: deli, grocery, antique store, official deer processing station., Brinson, who was hiding in the basement, was captured without incident, said Sgt. Ronald Glover, a city police spokesman., "I have this theory," continues Schwartz. "I think that in the 'leaning' of American beef, brisket has suffered more than most cuts. It used to be such a succulent piece of meat.", In fact, the average domestic airfare for flights out of Long Beach is $240, the second-lowest price in the nation, according to federal statistics for July through September 2011, the most recent data available. The average ticket from Ontario is $97 higher, statistics show., "Look at this, look at all the damage," said Jennifer Burckson, 49, after she came outside Sunday morning in South Windsor to find a massive tree branch had smashed her car's back windshield. Trees in the neighborhood snapped in half, with others weighed down so much that the leaves brushed the snow., Based on his performance, the coach’s remark is not unlike saying that rich people have money. With two more seasons to go, he will get better and better., It's exactly the kind of experience that could help them beat the odds recent college graduates are facing, Van Horn said., Defensive end Dave Tollefson, But talk wasn't all about downsizing. Zenty also focused on growth., View full sizeMichal Thompson/The Hillsboro ArgusThe Cornell Road location in Beaverton is expected to open in May, Walmart representatives said. A Walmart grocery store in Northwest Beaverton is expected to open by late May and will be the first of its kind on the West Coast, company representatives said this week at a neighborhood meeting., Marshall set the ACC's single-season assists record. He missed the last two NCAA tournament games after breaking his right wrist., He worked with Morhmann in "Boy Gets Girl" at Capital Stage, and the former student said working with Murphy in college always resulted in growth., They have reacted, however, in what I can only assume are hostile ways. One night, we found a giant bullfrog (dead) in my office. Wilbur subsequently waddled in with a mole in his mouth (also dead). Previously, we had only been given mice as presents. Now they seem to be moving on to bigger things. We hope these are not subtle messages., As a bonus, submit a picture of your family in front of your fully decked-out house and show us your holiday cheer!, Rand McNally road maps of Indiana and West Virginia and Youngstown., Prof. Quinn and Andrew Martin of Washington University's law school used the time-machine techniques to track judges' ideological evolution and compare them to each other. The researchers were trying to identify where on the political spectrum, for each case, the judges and possible verdicts would lie. Then they would use that information to estimate the probability of how each judge would vote in each case. In that way, they used judges' past votes to construct a numerical model of probabilities that they could then apply to cases the judges never heard., The Kings threw every kind of defense imaginable at Aldridge last night, and they're a big and physical team. In the past couple of years we would possibly have seen L.A. back down from a challenge like this, and settle for outside shots. Not anymore. He ground his way to 23 points and 9 rebounds, and again, scored in a variety of ways., Curried crab cakes, Then, the commissioner will hold a public hearing, which is likely to be in South Jersey., He was born in Jerusalem of Russian parents who had fled the czar's pogroms., There are more than 200 orangutans at 55 zoos across the United States. The animals hale from Sumatra and Borneo in Indonesia, where deforestation and population growth has caused the Sumatran orangutan numbers to plummet to just 4,500., "People have always brought to priests and bishops the most precious things they had, and I see nothing bad in the fact that the leader of the largest confessional in Russia receives expensive gifts from the people.", Wednesday night: Partly cloudy. Low 52., oAs it turned out, a dress from the sale rack fit her perfectly and would work well for the occasion. As Marta was stepping back into her faded jeans, she said she wished she had dressed better before coming to this exclusive store. While coming out of the dressing room she said she should at least buy a scarf at the regular price., Tickets can be bought at the event's website, www.pb42.com., "Even if you have a really great highway system, if the roads that get you to the highway system are filled with potholes, it is not a workable and sustainable transportation infrastructure," Lewis said., Spokeswoman Tresa Redburn says Haggard will try to reschedule some of the concerts, but the performances in Tennessee and West Virginia were at festivals and probably won't be made up., Forced to be flexible because of injuries in the secondary, Wilson started at safety and cornerback during his time in Champaign. He was third on the team with 81 tackles as a senior with six pass breakups., Fine wood graces crown moldings, staircases, countertops and cabinets. Authentic "old-style" rippled glass windows complement other original features, notably the living room's fireplace outlet curvature fashioned from a wagon wheel. Other domestic areas have been revamped to simulate the home's former life – for example, the breakfast kitchen's hammered-copper ceiling. History speaks out to visitors with each glance., So when Bilson gamely volunteered her lovely visage to be superimposed over Szymanski's formidable gut for this sketch titled "Rachel Bilson's Deleted Sex Scene" -- a video that debuts on FunnyorDie.com in the coming weeks -- she (and her manager) agreed to it knowing that everyone in Hollywood would be watching., The council shot down Plan A but suggested replacing the condos with two historic cottages being held in surplus in Laguna Canyon. Fischbeck worked up this Plan B. To make it viable, he says, he needed to set the tiny cottages atop new garages and additional living space. This, the city deemed too intensive., So she's taking the program for a reality check., UNITED NATIONS - U.N. peacekeeping chief Herve Ladsous says about 40 U.N. observers are on the ground in Syria and that the force will grow to 65 by Sunday., Asked by the 911 operator if there was any point in performing CPR, Mock responded, "Ma'am, he's gone.", Other Woodbury buildings already tell the story of the G.G. Green era. There’s the rehabilitated red-brick factory now serving as part of the Woodbury Mews senior living residence, as well as the G.G. Green block on Broad Street, where plans for restoration are under way., The new rules have not stopped a small cadre of superintendents from continuing to monopolize the positions., Skin Deep: 1330 Springfield Ave, Mon, But the poor bedraggled old thing, light blue as I remember, would wobble out to the ranch on weekends, wheezing and groaning. We could eat chilies and ride horses and sleep outside on the mesa, and the war would be a world away. The Rambler's crankcase had to be constantly refilled. Ah, but this was in west Texas, where oil and gas were cheap., In other words, a lot of runners will be relying on Solinsky to get it right -- not that anybody is worried about his ability to do it., In a recent visit to another client's home, mold covered the bedroom walls <U+0096> black and gray blankets of mold spreading across entire sheets of drywall. Noto called environmental health officials, city code enforcement officers and CPS supervisors, trying to get the house fixed and the family moved., (8) Wray (6-3) at (9) Crowley County (6-3), 1 p.m., Auto theft. 2500 block N. Torres Street. Reported at 7:17 a.m., 2 head pins, 1/2 inch each, Oregon roughed up UCLA (20-6, 7-3) starter Adam Plutko early scoring five runs in the game's first four innings., 2 cups grated carrots or two jars baby food carrots, The other eight candidates are: Ann Grossi, John Krickus and Tom Mastrangelo, who are running as a team; Gary Steele and Jason Cullen, who filed joint petitions; and Joseph Sirvent Jr., Christine Myers and Charles Germershausen, who each filed individual petitions., <U+0093>When Jim gives a program, he gets as excited as the kids do,<U+0094> says Lisa Richter, a paid naturalist at the center. <U+0093>You can just see the sparkle in his eyes., It has turned into the biggest party of the year., Hrabowski said that he considers the Time honor, which will appear in the magazine published Thursday, a recognition for universities and their leaders nationwide., “And we’re hoping that we can all come together and save more lives for the young ones out here in the streets,” she said., The gathering at Dolores Park, a pre-May Day celebration, led to a march down Mission District streets, Smith said., The Bruins and the NHL quickly condemned the tweets that cast a pall over one of the most thrilling moments of the season and numerous Boston fans went online to denounce the racist tweets. But the outburst was a reminder of the difficulties hockey has had overcoming the idea that black people are unwelcome on the ice or in the stands., "These salary figures are not surprising," James Leipold, NALP's executive director, said in a prepared statement. "Following the recession, law firm associate salaries are in stasis. We have not seen much movement upward or downward.", Former Essence magazine editor and current mentoring advocate Susan L. Taylor is the keynote speaker for 22nd annual Frances M. Franklin Scholarship & Protege Luncheon of the Cuyahoga Community College Black Caucus, set for 11:30 a.m. May 5 at the Cleveland Marriott East, 26300 Harvard Road, Beachwood., "Whitney Houston was an important part of the cultural fabric of this state," Christie said during a press briefing today. "She was a cultural icon in this state and her accomplishments in her life were a source of great pride for many people in this state and for this state as a whole. On that basis, I think she's entitled to have that recognition made for her.", It's those "Red Sox prices" that keep local barkeeps satisfied., Raw milk is unpasteurized, meaning it hasn't been heat-treated to kill pathogens. Under Minnesota law, it can be sold directly to consumers only on the farm where it's produced. Advocates say it's easier to digest and contains beneficial enzymes that pasteurization destroys. But public health experts say there's little nutritional difference between pasteurized and unpasteurized milk and untreated milk contains harmful bacteria, such as E. coli, salmonella, listeria and campylobacter, that can cause stroke, kidney failure, paralysis or death., The hospital records show Koschman was in a "fight this evening. Hit to mouth per friends.", The airline estimated the strike would cost it around euro25 million ($34 million) per day., And it did for more than 20 years, from 1985 until 2007, when Jason Ford of Althoff finally broke it., Isekenegbe recently provided the leadership for the college’s accreditation to be officially reaffirmed by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education., <U+0095> Richard Boesch, 140-yard sixth hole at Wildhorse, 8-iron, In its first analysis, using data from 2000, the CDC estimated that 1 in 150 children had some form of the disorder. The latest estimate of 1 in 88 is already being touted as evidence that something in the environment is driving up cases., "He's the same kid," head coach Michael Slama says, shaking his head., His youngest son is a junior at Century High School now, but Kover is happy to keep on volunteering his time. He says he feels appreciated by the school's staff., Local advocates for major transit lines, which they hope could be rail, into Cobb County, across the top end of I-285 and into Gwinnett County said state analysts in preliminary discussions had told them those lines likely could not be complete and running by the end of the tax’s 10-year period. The project advocates emphasized that the state had not finalized its report and did not draw absolute conclusions. The report is scheduled to be out Thursday., The popularity in the U.S. of cow's milk makes us a bit of an anomaly: Globally, goat's milk is a far more popular drink., An embarrassing vote of no confidence was likely., The judge had not yet ruled this morning on the motion, but was hearing arguments on its validity and lawyers for the prosecution and defense argued over whether the defense should be allowed to have an expert examine the hard drives., Fans in the store loved it, even the ones who missed their favorite player., If you find a contractor you think will work for you, check out the company. Ask the contractor for a copy of his license number, and for liability insurance policy information., "OK, wait, hold on," he said, as Boenig used the weight of her calves to push his legs flat to the mat., Sen. Steinberg is understandably frustrated. Governing this state is hard work. The people legislators serve are frustrated, too., The shed still stands; from its windows is a clean sweep of blue all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge. Michener became an avid gardener here; legend has it that he stuck around even after being paroled, unwilling to leave his beloved gardens. Modern-day visitors might feel the same, so caught up in the Rock's living legacy that they forget all about the cellblock tour., "I've seen kids with siblings -- I don't have any siblings, so I don't know -- but they generally go for about five minutes, 'Oh, cool! Anyway, what are we going to do now? Can we return it?'" he told reporters in February. "I think it gets boring quickly, at first, and it takes a while for them to bond.", Per serving: 400 calories; 24g fat; 3g saturated fat; 5mg cholesterol; 8g protein; 38g carbohydrate; 6g sugar; 3g fiber; 935mg sodium; 65mg calcium., When the fee increase was implemented this year, district leaders were quick to mention their costs were still lower than other area districts. The Lake Oswego school district charges $300 per sport per athlete in high schools, for example, and West Linn-Wilsonville charges $300 for the entire year, regardless of the number of sports., The motion filed today spells out in detail how Hinds began to investigate Feliciano’s past after learning he was the only church employee who had not undergone a criminal background check. Such checks became required in the aftermath of the clergy sex abuse scandal in 2003., In addition, MEM paid its top 10 executives a total of $659,405 in incentives, for an average bonus of $65,940. In other words, when bonuses are included, the top 10 employees were paid an average of almost $250,000 apiece., Handel’s "Messiah" was not initially meant as a Christmas activity., The ring: Michael worked with Steve Brown, a goldsmith and jewelry designer, and the father of friend Matt Brown. Three interwoven bands of pave diamonds surround the 1.25 gem., 5 * DANCING W/STARS RESULT SP 15850 5.5, "Aww, Nic. I can't steal your thunder," Camby said., By early afternoon, police said, there were only a handful of arrests for public drunkenness and no reports of injuries from fights., Message to Kansas City: You’re probably on your own until after the November election., Madison Heldt is a freshman at Century High School., "We're very confident in the pick and very glad to have A.J. on board.", Terri Frohnmayer, 55, of Salem, who is nicknamed "Little Bit," was a giant-killer in defeating Mina Hardin, 51, of Fort Worth, Texas, and winning the USGA Senior Women's Amateur at the 5,876-yard, par-72 Honors Course in Chattanooga, Tenn., The weapon was said to be a 3-foot-long metal lighting ornament, Loarie said., Jazz thinks that if he helps catch the killer it might mean he isn't one himself. Whenever he finds himself fantasizing about murder, he repeats the mantra: "People matter. People are real. I will never kill." Still, he isn't entirely convinced., "Nothing yet," he said. "We're talking right now. I want a long contract. We'll see.", Does anyone believe that a company as big as Apple would suddenly decide to happily pay even 5 percent on every dollar of revenue when it can still cross the state line and pay zero? How do you compete against that?, Start by removing the front of the unit, unscrewing the sides as needed. The first step is to clean the thin spongy filter. Remove the filter. Wash it in warm, soapy water and set aside to dry. Now move to the exterior fins on the exterior of the unit. These need to be cleaned at least once per year. Dirt gets in fins and doesn't allow the heat from inside the house to escape. Use a clean paint brush to loosen and remove any debris. If the fins appear dirty and greasy, your local home improvement center or hardware store sells a foaming cleaner that can be sprayed upon the fins and coils. The blast of cleaner will reach your coils, and the detergent will remove buildup. Make sure the unit is off. Spray the fins with the cleaner. The detergent does not need to be rinsed., Q: Who introduced you to the game?, Dylan Rivera; dylanrivera@news.oregonian.com, However, 35th District Judge James Plakas, avoiding what he called the potential “appearance of impropriety,” recused himself and followed the lead of fellow Judges Michael Gerou and Ronald Lowe, who have said they had ties to Tomblin's family., Consider creams, taupes, acid greens, purple, yellow and orange paired with red, suggested Downey., Rohullah, from the Sayed Abad district of Wardak province, southwest of Kabul, said the Taliban no longer harassed men if they trimmed or shaved their beards., Among the stranger economic tenets of conservatism, which Paul Krugman argues against ("Bombs, bridges and jobs," November 1), is that government can't create jobs. As the theory goes, all government does is displace jobs that would have been created in the private sector if government had just "gotten out of the way and let the free market work." Since the government never has nor can do that, the theory has not been fully tested, thank goodness., The DRBC abruptly canceled the meeting Friday after Delaware's governor said he would oppose the draft rules. New York previously announced its opposition., "The goal of this program is to have the highly skilled, high-volume benign GYN surgeons who have committed to provide new surgeons with case observations and act as proctors," said Intuitive Surgical spokeswoman Nora Distefano. "These surgeons have conducted at least 100 cases with superior results.", APThe Marx BrothersPortland Opera is going outdoors on opening night. For the first time in its 47-year history, the company is creating a street fair outside Keller Auditorium, beginning with food and music entertainment, followed by a free show of the indoor opera concert on a big screen, and wrapping up with a showing of the Marx Brothers "A Night at the Opera" on the screen after the concert., The Bears did agree on a winter's evening in Denver., She became addicted to drugs, resulting in her incarceration at the immigration detention center in Tacoma. Now her family fears she may be deported back to Moldova in Eastern Europe., “We’re losing business .... because of traffic, and we know what our competitors are saying.”, VALUES: Two-thirds of Latter-day Saints describe themselves as socially conservative, compared to 37 percent of the general public. Nearly three-quarters of Mormons say they are Republican or lean Republican. Still, one of the most prominent Mormons in public office is a Democrat: Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada., CRANFORD — A three-alarm fire seriously damaged a two-and-a-half story building on Centennial Avenue, killing two dogs and displacing residents tonight, according to a fire official., Methyl iodide has been linked to fetal deformity, miscarriage, thyroid disease and cancer., Pennsylvania employers brought in 3,418 mostly unskilled foreign workers under the federal government’s H-2B visa program during fiscal year 2012 to fill jobs they said U.S. citizens in Pennsylvania did not want., Celebrity watchers have sighted Samuel L. Jackson (Nick Fury) around town in addition to Hemsworth and Evans. Scarlett Johansson (The Black Widow) is expected in town sometime next week as is Jeremy Renner (Hawkeye). No word on when people can expect to see Mark Ruffalo (Bruce Banner, The Hulk) or if Robert Downey Jr. even needs to come to Cleveland., Worries about European debt also hang over the market. A default by any country would hurt the European banks that hold those European government bonds, plus American banks that have lent to their European counterparts., He particularly had drawn a bull's-eye on Monday Moaning., Since its creation, the $2.50 fee has generated $14.6 million for victims of corporate fraud. At last count, individuals have filed 701 claims seeking up to the maximum permitted by the law, $20,000., "No one will be on a placebo," he said. "Considering that we have effective drugs available, it's difficult to ask patients to enter a study when they may end up in the placebo arm and not get any effective treatment at all.", - Place 50 percent shade cloth over tomatoes to keep leafhopper insects away and to prevent curly top virus. The virus affects more than 150plants in the Southwest, severely stunting and killing vegetable plants., I'll get back to the stats in a minute. But first a few words about "hate crimes" and "hate incidents.", "He gave his speech," he said., High school days: At La Habra (Calif.) rushed for 1,251 yards as a senior to go with 1,615 yards as a junior. Averaged 12.8 yards per carry as a senior. Also lettered in basketball and track., Lucy, an aging German shorthair, stood rigid as a statue, her stubbed tail plank straight as she locked onto the scent of chukar partridge seeking cover in the summer switchgrass. From a distance, the stalemate appeared common enough among the upland bird community with a preference for running with pointing breeds. But from dog owner Buzz Butler's vantage point at Lucy's flank, the view was nothing short of astounding., HOT TUB TIME MACHINE, "We need to do something drastic," he remembers thinking as he and his colleagues dreamed up a space they christened the Chemistry Discovery Center. The center would become a prime example of the teaching innovation that is a major component of UMBC's rising national reputation., Certainly, ordering a turkey sandwich with veggies and light-or-no-mayo or oil, is a healthier choice than buying a fast-food cheeseburger. But when you're dealing with processed foods, you're still talking about a lot of sodium., They were waiting for the elephants to begin their two-mile walk to the Scottrade Center. But that moment was hours away., He declined to describe the terms of his contract, but said, "I'm certainly intending to stay a very long time. That would be my dream.", DUBLIN -- Letting your telephone ring in a courtroom is rarely a good idea. Taking the call is worse., The Jaguars outscored the Pioneers 13-3 in the third quarter to take a nine-point lead. The run was the first by either team in the game as Kirkwood held a one-point halftime edge in the back-and-forth game., The Panthers fought off an early Devils powerplay and nearly won it late when Scottie Upshall's point-blank chance went over an empty net with one minute and 45 seconds remaining in the first period., Chandler police also said they verified the 911 call through Hernandez's cellphone records. Several people called Hernandez after the crash, but, based on the cellphone records, it wasn't clear if he answered any of the calls or if his voicemail picked them up., The operation is an intelligence victory for the United States and a reminder of al-Qaeda's ambitions, despite the death of bin Laden and other senior leaders., Pine Creek at Sand Creek, 7 p.m., Not to be outdone, the State Game and Fish Department in 1939 added 25 cans of walleye fingerlings. Kicking things into high gear, in 1950, 751 northern pike females attempting to spawn in Peterson Creek were netted, stripped of their eggs and released back into the lake (near Waconia, the town, conveniently), while an estimated 9 million eggs were scattered in rearing ponds, a fraction of which were later returned to the lake as fingerlings., unable to be reached for this article, said during OSU's March 11 pro day that he should at least find a role in the league as a change-of-pace back and he hasn't allowed questions about his size impact his confidence., Morgan tried to draw his weapon to stop the robbery, Newark Police Director Samuel DeMaio said, but he was shot once in the torso while trying to defend himself and the woman. He was taken to St. Joseph’s Regional Medical Center in Paterson, less than a block away, where he died about an hour later, police said. The unidentified dancer was not injured., 1. "Dead Reckoning'' - Charlaine Harris, "The essence of any civilized activity is destroyed by rushing it," the note stated., Elevation, proximity to the warm Atlantic Ocean, and intensity of the precipitation will be key players. The bulk of the storm just north and west of Route 95 will be wet snow, but even in cities from Washington, D.C. and Baltimore to Philadelphia, Trenton and New York City rain will become mixed with or change over completely to wet snow., Next, work on establishing a positive credit history from this point forward. The good news is that derogatory items on your credit report from the past, including bankruptcy or short sales, will not be there forever, and your most recent payment history has a larger impact on your score than older data have., The first, airing 8 p.m. Sunday on KMBC, is based on the Mitch Albom best-seller “Have a Little Faith,” about an inspirational rabbi and preacher Albom knew., Early Tuesday afternoon, police say two officers witnessed what they believed to be a drug transaction at the Church's Chicken at Riverview and Thekla Avenue., students know and can do. Teachers were allowed to choose a scale, which has caused some confusion because not all follow the same scale., According to a history compiled by legendary architecture writer Esther McCoy in documents now stored with the Library of Congress, Dodge sold his house to T. Morrison McKenna and Anita K. McKenna in 1924 for $125,000. To their objection, the Los Angeles High School District condemned the property in 1939, and with a $69,000 payment to the McKennas, the district took control of the property., He said that recreational drugs, including the synthetics he sells, should be legal, regulated and correctly labeled so that people know what they're getting and how much they can safely take., She took a picture of me and left it on her refrigerator and her friend, a scout for Elite Modeling (Management) saw it, and said that I should really think about it. Then I learned how much a friend made doing modeling and I was like, "Shoot, gimme the number." And the rest is history., Williams, who was 4-0 with a 3.68 earned-run average in 10 games last season, will get three more minor league starts in hopes of being ready by April 15, the first day the Angels will need a fifth starter., Dangerous Midge, One of the most striking innovations of campaign 2012 media coverage has been the attempt by news outlets to harness Twitter and Facebook, not just for a spot check on individual voters' feelings but to take the temperature of the electorate in a broader way., The war, as Mike Carey put it, left both of them maimed. The only difference is, some wounds are visible for the world to see, while some are deeply hidden., Maybe that's why I get such a huge kick out of watching Marcia's eyes light up when there's free wood to be had., "I don't think Americans can sit around and put up with this anymore. TSA needs to just do their job and not intimidate people.", That same year, a truck bomb exploded in an underground garage of the World Trade Center. Investigators linked bin Laden to a loose organization of Islamic extremists recruiting terrorists in the United States., "People are rewarded for good performance," Maloney said. "That makes a big difference. They feel valued -- they don't feel like they're a cog in the wheel -- and that they're making a difference.", WASHINGTON -- No other service Uncle Sam provides gets as up-close and personal as mail delivery., “You’re trying to get a lot of people to work together that have only done planning together,” said Johnson. “With money attached to it, that makes it exponentially harder.”, GOP leaders are exploring a variety of possible funding sources, Mica said., Hey, Hoynsie: As I sit and watch the Tigers prove their dominance against the Indians in a 10-1 victory, I don't think we're that far behind. We honestly have good pitching and a great bullpen. We need hitting. Can we expect some kind of bat in the off-season, preferably in the Albert Belle mold? -- Zachary Stuzinski, Parma, Check back to the Pioneer Press for updates., "About one and a half years," Mike replied. He noted: "I was on Craigslist, but there I got mostly text messages and calls looking for deals, but not much actual business. I got on Angie's List, and business has been booming.", There was no public call for it, nor was there a meaningful organization behind it, but within days, U.S. flags were flying from every overpass along the interstate, not to mention any number of other highways not only around here, but also across the country., The good: As a fitness tracker, the Nike+ FuelBand offers a simple, attractive design that stays out of the way during most physical activities. Its pedometer tracks steps taken, calories burned and a proprietary measurement of activity called NikeFuel. The accompanying iOS app and Nike+ website offer great motivational tricks too., Before he decided to make the documentary "Bully," Lee Hirsch was already something of an expert on the subject. Targeted by bullies throughout elementary and middle school, the soft-spoken 39-year-old can readily recall the pain and frustration he felt both at school and at home., Jim Kirkland Jr. called Chapman's proposal "the best offer.", Are you running?, Get stomach-pleasing satisfaction. Skip the beef in your favorite soups, stews and casseroles and shift the focus to beans -- mild and trendy black beans, big, creamy kidneys and white cannellini beans. They are excellent meat substitutes because they're ultra-low in fat yet high in protein and filling fiber. The calorie trade-offs are another plus. You'd have to eat more than 4 cups of black beans -- and that's not going to happen -- to match the calorie count of one 10 oz. ribeye steak (860)! One cup of black beans delivers just 190 calories, along with 14 to 20 grams of protein and nearly 20 grams of cholesterol-lowering, inflammation-soothing, heart-smart fiber!, "Think Like a Man" - Four men have their love lives shaken up when the women they are pursuing read a relationship-advice book and take its lessons to heart. With Michael Ealy, Jerry Ferrara, Meagan Good and Regina Hall. Written by Keith Merryman and David A. Newman. Directed by Tim Story. (1:59) PG-13., “Strong At Any Cost,” a three-part series, shows how deeply the substances have infiltrated law enforcement agencies and fire departments as well, endangering the users and, potentially, the public. Separately, the stories show how easily the substances can be obtained when a doctor chooses to abandon medical protocol, illegally churning out prescriptions based on phony diagnoses., "I don't think it serves the status of the Cleveland hub to have elected officials jockeying for media attention and taunting one of our largest employers," he said. Continental accounts for about 3,200 workers at Hopkins., This week, the Liberty Towers apartment complex in Newton contacted an exterminator to battle an infestation. Last week, the AMC/Loews movie complex at Monmouth Mall closed after bedbugs were found. And in the previous week, the Somerset County Board of Social Services fumigated after bedbugs were found in its Somerville waiting room., Olsen died early Thursday at City of Hope hospital in Duarte while surrounded by his family, his brother Orrin said. He had been diagnosed last year with mesothelioma, a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lungs., As we approached the 7 o'clock hour, tables began to fill up with a cookie-cutter crowd. I counted a dozen blondes, all with similar designer jeans, often tucked into boots, form-fitting sweaters and wide belts., That is not Mozeliak's timetable, but he said that Carpenter would have to strengthen his shoulder before he even could start throwing again., "They're going to be running this like a full-time political campaign that doesn't end," said Joe Williams, executive director of Democrats for Education Reform, which works toward similar goals., Jasper's Corner Tap & Kitchen, on its nondescript edge of the Tenderloin's lodging zone, seems on quick glance to be another by-numbers hotel effort. Yet here's a confluence of Bar Stars: Kevin Diedrich, whose work at the Burritt Room caught our attention last year, and Brian MacGregor, whose concoctions at Jardiniere earned him the honor in 2010. When I walked in on a recent night, both were working - a critical mass of cocktail talent., Because of his very limited volleyball background - it consisted mainly of a tournament he competed in when he was in middle school - Behrndt had a lot to learn when he started the new sport. He didn't get a lot of playing time at first, but he's worked his way into the regular rotation as of late., The defendant told Chiesi she should "keep radio silence" about an undisclosed multibillion-dollar deal -- "even with your little boyfriends.", Biro examined multispectral images of the drawing taken by the Lumiere Technology laboratory in Paris, which used a special digital scanner to show successive layers of the work., 1 teaspoon onion powder, With district officials targeting December for the referendum, Kelly said the school board may not be giving enough time to hold public information sessions and public hearings on consolidation. The last community-wide information session was held in June 2010 when the Franklin Township Board of Education-commissioner feasibility study on the matter was unveiled to the public., 25238 Chestnut St., $55,000, The late surge before the caucuses for Santorum was the first exhibit, Crawford said. Since then, Republicans elected no self-identified Romney supporters to the Iowa GOP state central committee, Ron Paul backers made a successful play to gain ground within the party structure, the two national committee representatives and state chair refused to sign a delegate loyalty pledge, the party booked a fundraising keynote speaker who has said he<U+0092>s not enthused about Romney, and various outspoken activists have expressed their reluctance about him., Academic bio: Honor roll (four years) ... Student of the Month ... Academic All-Conference in all three sports ... projected valedictorian., NEW YORK (AP) — The legendary punk-rock club CBGB closed six years ago. But now a group of investors has bought the assets of the club and plans to establish a CBGB music festival in various New York City venues this summer., Castro has taken some unusual heat for his resolution, after the 35-year-old and rising political star breezed through his first year in office with few criticisms., So even though the Blazers have received a hefty dose of sobering news, they overcame the adversity with exactly what McMillan has asked for before the game: A team effort., Still, the scale-back is expected to save the company as much as $60 million this year and then up to $120 million a year thereafter., Sunday: Festivities include tastings and a silent auction to benefit Tales of Woe, a local nonprofit that provides veterinary care for pets whose owners need financial assistance, 11 a.m.-2:30 p.m. $10 donation to taste all chilis, categories include red, green or specialty. Call 303-288-6800 if you have a silent auction item to donate or to enter your chili ($20 fee) or you can register at the door. The Piper Inn, 2251 S. Parker Road, tailsofwoe.org, "We have stressed throughout the course of our work that plopping down a grocery store does not mean that these problems are instantly solved," Gallagher wrote. "Yet Ms. Kolata’s article unfairly suggests that community leaders, policy makers, Mrs. Obama, and so many others want to 'combat the obesity epidemic simply by improving access to healthy foods.' [emphasis added] To my knowledge, no one of any credibility has ever suggested that access was the entire solution or that anything involving the complicated relationship between diet and health is simple.", Shares of BlackBerry maker Research in Motion Ltd. rose 6.6 percent a day after the Canadian company said it would return to focusing on corporate customers and shake up its management to try to get profits growing again., Trans-Siberian Orchestra: 9 p.m. May 12. Colosseum at Caesars Windsor. $45 and up Canadian., Taylor Pyatt also scored for the Coyotes. Ryan Suter, Patric Hornqvist and Andrei Kostitsyn scored for the Predators., 1360 Layven Av, $38,000, oThis ninth major release of OS X goes even further in bringing features common to the iPad and iPhone to the Mac. And when Mountain Lion hits, likely this summer, Apple plans to commit to a roughly 12-month release cycle for new versions of OS X., Federal law enforcement officials said Carrillo Leyva, the 32-year-old son of deceased drug kingpin Amado Carrillo Fuentes, was arrested Wednesday while exercising in a wealthy neighborhood of Mexico City., After Gardner's estate sued Sheedy in Hamilton County, Sheedy borrowed $150,000 from another Indianapolis attorney to pay restitution. Sheedy told the lawyer she needed the money to fund a business opportunity and has yet to pay her back., The pentathlon is five events. All will be contested on Saturday. Theisen not only is the two-time defending champion and holds the collegiate record, she has the year's best score by more than 300 points., Xavier's father, 35, an unemployment insurance consultant, and mother, 34, a student nurse, told him about al-Qaida, the Pentagon and New York but wanted to make clear that the day was not without moments of goodness. People on a fourth plane died sacrificing themselves to save others, they said., <U+0095> Around the corner from Bäcker Bäck is the Village Cake Shoppe, home of handmade gingerbread people. They were such a hit last year that owner Patrick Clarke has them back through Dec. 24. They're $2 and up "depending on how elaborate the design is," he said., The alleged victim lost consciousness “momentarily” and fell to the ground, police said, reporting that they recovered a knife from the scene., For the ramen: Combine all the broth, lemon juice, soy sauce, rice vinegar, sugar and sesame seeds in a bowl. Refrigerate until well chilled., "We're seeing a radical shift in the electric power industry," said Bruce Nilles, an attorney for the Sierra Club's Beyond Coal campaign. "Keeping these old coal plants running just doesn't make sense anymore.", "Nobody can speak on it yet,"said Sgt. Pete Simpson, a Portland police spokesman. "The conversation will be based on the outcome of the investigation. We kind of have to wait to see what happened, then look over our practices and determine if there's a better method, or if this is just an anomaly.", The House of Blues show promises to be different because its 1,500-person capacity makes it less than half the size of the 4,000-seat Joint. Santana's also looking for a regular infusion of fresh ingredients in his new enterprise from his vast network of friends and collaborators., Nelson, 39, bought a refurbished 1957 Chang Jiang 750 motorcycle a year and a half ago from China. After putting some labor into it to make it suitable on Southern California roadways, he began taking Colby and his other dog, Brie, on short trips around Tustin., Pryor spoke openly of teammates in the huddle begging, "Lead us, T, lead us." But he will be remembered mostly for leading them to the tattoo parlor. The cover-up of the illegal memorabilia sales taking place there cost Tressel his job., Brunner issued subpoenas to both LetOhioVote.org and New Models to uncover information about the groups' finances. The two groups then filed a lawsuit to block the subpoenas. A federal judge ruled in June that the secretary of state cannot issue subpoenas outside Ohio., The mayor of Bound Brook, Carey Pilato, said efforts to clean up are proceeding quickly. Some 2,200 residents lost power during the storm, he said, with that number down to 800 today. He estimates that figure will be cut in half by tonight., Helena - who lives in London with Tim and their kids - went on to explain she receives yellow card warnings for things such as twitching eyebrows and moving hands., 80: Perlaza whistled for a foul, so Keller sets it up for Seattle., Lake acknowledged a margin for error of plus or minus 6 percentage points, meaning the actual numbers could be Rosenblum 26 percent to Holton's 23 percent., Brown: Said he has stood up to employee unions throughout his career in public service., Defensive back Derrick Boyd led the Gladiators' defense with eight tackles. Philadelphia's Dan Raudabaugh threw for 265 yards and six touchdowns., According to another jailer, during an interaction with Butts he stuck his penis in the pass through of the cell door, and “almost threw it towards me.”, "As a technical matter, this is something that the office could look into and there is no statute of limitations with regard to bringing a disciplinary action," said Dane Ciolino, a Loyola University law professor who tracks attorney discipline cases., The community-building trend is extending to upstart businesses such as Chicago-based mobile-game developer Bravado Waffle., Consumer product companies across the board have been raising prices to deal with higher costs for materials like pulp, fuel and packaging. P&G's rival Kimberly-Clark said last week that higher prices helped boost its quarterly earnings 34 percent. But results for P&G, which has an arsenal of products that include Tide detergent and Olay skin cream, illustrate that even big companies that sell trusted brands can lose customers to lower-priced rivals when they raise prices., o"It's a throwaway, an absolute giveaway," Ferguson said. "We just needed to see the game out and it's a travesty because some of our football was fantastic., If she knows what she’s doing, there should be some bittersweet listening ahead., In a prepared statement, Guard spokesman Maj. Thomas Keegan said the policy merely established "a coordinated effort to engage elected officials and staff on matters related to the Military Department," of which the Guard is the chief component., AP Scholar, It helps when the opposition plays indifferent defense, as Illinois has been doing for weeks., The CVC plan also called for the Rams to pay for 52 percent of the $124 million project. That's a bigger share than what was paid by NFL teams in recent, more expensive rehab projects in Kansas City, Chicago or New Orleans., Harrell didn't have that problem. The Patriots struggled to score runs and Harrell lost several low scoring games, which led to a deceiving win-loss record., At a Minnesota Senate hearing last week on public funding for the stadium, Sen. Julianne Ortman, R-Chanhassen, pressed Vikings officials on where the team planned to get its $425 million contribution to the stadium. Even after a Vikings official explained the team's stadium strategy, Ortman said she was frustrated., OBAMA: "On the day I took office, our auto industry was on the verge of collapse. Some even said we should let it die. With a million jobs at stake, I refused to let that happen. In exchange for help, we demanded responsibility. We got workers and automakers to settle their differences. We got the industry to retool and restructure. Today, General Motors is back on top as the world's No. 1 automaker. Chrysler has grown faster in the U.S. than any major car company. Ford is investing billions in U.S. plants and factories. And together, the entire industry added nearly 160,000 jobs. We bet on American workers. We bet on American ingenuity. And tonight, the American auto industry is back." <U+0097> Jan. 24 State of the Union speech., It has been nearly one year since the death of Mexican national Anastasio Hernandez Rojas while in the custody of Border Patrol and advocates are marking the the anniversary of his death with a march and vigil Friday., Cast: Sareh Bayat, Peyman Moadi and Shahab Hosseini. In Persian with English subtitles., o'Inundated with marketers', "Ninety-five percent of employees, contrary to popular belief, do their job," said Pagnotta-Murphy, who supervises a small team that maintains city vehicles., The point of the program is to encourage consumers to change their electricity usage habits to take advantage of the lower-priced hours and avoid using appliances during higher-priced hours., There have been occasions on which I've wondered if the Ducks could find their best game against an opponent capable of controlling the line of scrimmage. Oregon erased that doubt by withstanding Stanford's best shot and leaving the Cardinal feeling as though any kickoff or punt was death., The alleged gunman, identified by The Associated Press as 22-year-old Jared Lee Loughner, is in custody., McCuller said many of the 776 arrests over those six months were for warrants, including those for people who skipped court appearances for fare evasion tickets. Other arrests recorded last year ranged from disturbing the peace to trespassing., Wallace will be sworn in as the new head of the township once the election results are certified. She said she’s eager to get started., The plan was sent to the Committee on Pedestrian and Traffic Safety for consideration., Tobia said the rush started this morning and didn't let up until items sold out. Managers planned for the rush and had a large shipment come in this morning but those items didn't even make it onto the shelves. "People were just grabbing them out of the big shopping carts," Tobia said. There won't be another shipment before the storm hits because the warehouse is four hours away in New York., The Orange County Register (, Meanwhile, federal investigators are still weighing their options in the case and could seek weapons charges against Wright based on his use of the incendiary Molotov cocktail., If you're an Oregon fan, you have to love the performance of the UO women at the Penn Relays., Another Kent State student, Frank Mark Malick, saw a photographer matching Norman's description waving his pistol as the Guard fired and aiming in the same direction as the soldiers, although Malick said he couldn't tell if the photographer was shooting., "There's been a lot written recently about (hard-driving) 'Tiger Moms,'" he notes. "My parents are the opposite of that.", "It’s gorgeous," Dina said of the apartment building. "I can’t believe it’s true that I’m going to be living here. It’s been so long since I had my own place to live." She is pleased with the modern style of the apartments, which are certified "green" project with Energy Star appliances and other eco-friendly features. The building also has an art studio and community computer lab among its features., A federal jury in Tennessee on Friday convicted three Minnesota men for their role in an interstate sex trafficking ring run mostly by Somali gang members. Six others were acquitted of all charges., Despite the super-close results in Iowa, there were no plans for a recount., After 12 takes, shooting ended at around 7 p.m., Tesnau said. The clean-up took about four hours., this morning in a hit-and-run crash with an ambulance in which a paramedic and patient were injured, police said., Rodriguez said all three coaches are "good recruiters, good coaches, good people and a good fit for our program." They'll arrive in Tucson Wednesday and spend the weekend here before hitting the road to recruit., Pont is clever. He knows how to make time work for him. With no help in the kitchen, this is the only way he can handle the crucial timing and pacing issues. He pulled it off in a full dining room., Just today, I received some wedding-planning tips from the, The elevated dining room/kitchen area is the homeowners' favorite place in the home. Feldner loves to cook and appreciates the high end appliances from Whirlpool and Electrolux, including those that provide energy-saving induction cooking. Stainless steel appliances "show some scratches, but it also means the kitchen is used," according to Psenicka., She noted that patients often defer to doctors because they're in a position of authority, and disciplinary boards, made up of doctors, often side with their peers., Another secret from the trenches: Deumling, who juggles work and family with cooking, breaks down recipes into stages. Dried beans soak in the morning and get cooked in the evening. Corn bread is easy because she mixes the dry ingredients the night or morning before baking. And it's delicious, served warm from the oven with braised greens, beans and a drizzle of olive oil., The Saints still have their secondary intact with the exception of cornerback Tracy Porter, who left in free agency. However, former first-round draft choice Patrick Robinson, who led New Orleans with four interceptions last season, was expected to slide into the starting spot opposite veteran Jabari Greer., “Nigel Travis passed along your recent note,” he wrote Prince. “You’ll be pleased to note that our Dunkin’ sign at One Times Square will be converted to full motion video this coming June.”, But exactly which one is anybody's guess., The other enterprises also rebounded after the disaster. A 1940 Works Progress Administration guide described the Tenderloin as "a region of apartment houses and hotels, corner grocers and restaurants, small night clubs and bars, gambling lofts, bookmakers' hide-outs and other fleshpots of the unparticular.", "I think there is a huge competitive advantage to not discussing injuries," Kelly said., --Budd Kass, Lake Oswego, In period TV shows, light fixtures are essential in delivering the right look. On "Mad Men," they're practically characters in themselves. Tall, slender wood, colorful opaque glass, gleaming metal -- every set's personality is punctuated by one or two statement lamps., “We’ve got to keep winning games,” Theodore said. “Nobody looks at the losers. As long as you keep winning games — it doesn’t matter if there’s a number in front of it or not — as long as you keep winning, you’ll be fine.”, Aquino would not name the specifics of the contract still under discussion. The contract, like Foose's appointment, will be approved with an official board vote and be made public., Little did they know., He says when the accelerator sticks, it's dislodged by pumping it quickly, though it's as easy to step on the brakes and wait for the accelerator to eventually glide slowly back to neutral., The Cleveland Cavaliers traded Ramon Sessions to the Los Angeles Lakers. The Cavaliers will get the Lakers' 2012 first-round pick., The bad news? For now, the signal on Warrensville Center will cycle red, yellow and green at all hours to handle traffic coming in-and-out of a motorcycle institute and a car wash, Mosley said. The setup remains under review, the chief said., He said the decision whether to include a roof would be up to the team., He said the commission is revoking the teaching certificates of all administrators and test coordinators and suspending teachers without taking into account that each case is different., Robertson has been talking about taking the orchestra to Europe, and laying out a strategy to make it work, since becoming music director in 2005. Next September will be the beginning of his eighth season with the SLSO., Like many skewered dishes, satay thrives as a street food in Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia and South America, where small stands dot the street corners in Lima, Peru, and other South American countries , hawking a variety of skewered items from portable charcoal grills., (7:28:48 PM): Central Catholic 7, Gresham 0, end of 1st Q, b) 3,628, At issue seems to be why the rush to change phone service providers and which service will provide the township with the best, most reliable and cost-effective service. At least one council member supported the idea of a disinterested third party coming in and evaluating the township’s needs, so the township can seek bids on the project., Dolan relentlessly hammered FitzGerald for his ties to that old guard. And seven weeks ago, federal prosecutors handed the Republican challenger a gift. FitzGerald made a cameo Sept. 15 in the 26-count indictment of Dimora. The lame-duck commissioner has pleaded not guilty., Patrik Berglund's goal with less than two minutes remaining in the game finally got the Blues off the regulation hook, producing a point in the standings. But after Phil Kessel converted Toronto's first shootout attempt, Leafs netminder Ben Scrivens denied Alex Steen, T.J. Oshie and Matt D'Agostini to make it stand up., Attorney Robert Mongeluzzi told a packed Philadelphia federal courtroom that 16-year-old Dora Schwendtner's final moments were spent selflessly trying to aid deckhand Kyle Burkhardt, who dove overboard seconds before the sightseeing duck boat was run over by a barge being guided up the Delaware River by a tug boat., But James' poet-detective Adam Dalgliesh (still only vaguely 40ish), now seems, well, behind the times., The Beasties followed "Licensed to Ill" with "Paul's Boutique" (1989), which broke from the hard rock and rap of their debut. That was followed by CDs like "Ill Communication" (1994), with its big single, "Sabotage," and "Hello Nasty" (1998) that featured the hit "Intergalactic.", She said she hopes someone driving on Beavercreek Road may have seen something and will contact police., "I don't know that he had a bath or shower for 20 years," Resley said. "He looked like homeless guy, except he had the shack, and lived in back of that. He was not happy with Hispanics, he was not happy with people getting benefits he couldn't get, and he was not shy about expressing it.", More than 3<U+FFFD>1/2 years after home prices peaked, and three years after the recession began, the economic aftershocks continue. In the job-networking groups and the partially built subdivisions, in the nervous break-room conversations, many middle-class dreams are under siege., Ponti is currently with his family in Geneva, where his wife, Andrea, gave birth to their daughter last month., 11. Kansas City Chiefs: Michael Brockers, DT, LSU, Von Rassler agreed., Click on the CONTRIBUTIONS link on the left side of the main page or DONATIONS on the top front of the main page. Or, call 714-777-2622, Al Windrem described the plain as "nicely cooked," while Wiener singled out the "pretty tasty sausage slice." The margherita seemed a bit runny, but we liked the tart tomatoes and firm crust., When: 6-7 p.m. Monday, April 25. Where: Hiram College, 11730 Garfield, East Hall, The Forum, Hiram. Details: Student researchers and sociology faculty will present their interviews with people of color who are living with chronic illnesses. Information: 330-569-5215., 4. End of an era for lucrative public pensions?, Colvin entered Sunday's game with 59 career at-bats in the No. 2 hole and was hitting only .136 with a .164 on-base percentage. He went 1-for-5., "You can read about it, but now we have a chance to bring back what we know existed here so long ago.", Still, he couldn’t predict miracles for the GOP in New Jersey, where registered Democrats have a massive registration advantage., "DEQ wasn't actively bringing cases to the Department of Justice, and the Department of Justice wasn't actively asking for them," Kroger said. "We've changed the conversation.", 5 Amber Finley Washington, "Those two simple acts would generate $1.26 trillion in deficit reduction -- more than the savings from the automatic triggers if the supercommittee does not act. But there are other areas we can look to for savings as well. Ending tax breaks to the 'Big Five' oil companies that reported record profits in the last quarter would save another $20 billion. Ending the sweetheart tax deal enjoyed by hedge fund managers, who pay a lower tax rate than average earners, would save $24 billion., Since I'm rolling, let's also look at the "we" in your drama-free relationship. Granted, the survey sample is too small, but with the information given I can theorize an "I" at the heart of that situation, too: Where you and he differ, he stays put and you close the gap. Look, Ma, no drama ..., "Toyota remains committed to pursuing an improvement of its earnings structure through various cost reduction activities as well as continuing the production recovery from the Japan earthquake and floods in Thailand," said Takahiko Ijichi, Toyota’s senior managing officer., "We get one instance of cheating," the student gets caught, he said, and "word gets out very, very rapidly.", In some ways, crafting the type at the bottom of the fold-in was as demanding as the artwork for Jaffee., Inside the small factory, visitors see the aged beans being roasted. Their shells are then removed, and the remaining nibs are blended with sugar, lecithin, vanilla and milk powder inside a machine called a conche., “I’m shocked,” Rutgers senior safety David Rowe said today. “All the players are shocked. I didn’t find out until this morning when my girlfriend told me I needed to watch ESPN. That’s how I heard.”, Congressional term limits. Orlando Republican Sandy Adams is one of a few legislators pushing for congressional term limits. The effort may be popular on the campaign trail, where Adams is running for Congress herself. But the impact of this legislation probably won't mean much, since it's essentially just a resolution urging Congress to take action. By the way, the last time term limits were debated locally was when former U.S. Rep. Ric Keller said he had a right to break his promise to run only four times — and voters disagreed., The Gloucester County Dream Park, located in Logan Township, offers year round facilities for equestrian activities and shows. The Dream Park also hosts dog breed and agility shows, as well as community and county events every year and is open to the public for hosting private events for businesses, organizations, and individuals., Added Dave Emala, a former Johns Hopkins baseball star and Davey's father: "I think he had some things to learn and relearn about the midfield position, and certainly about playing at that level.", After the foundation of Israel, the family returned to the fledgling state. Despite Ben-Zion's internationally acclaimed work, Israeli academia did not embrace the scholar, whose right-wing beliefs went against the grain of the prevalent socialist hegemony, and he continued his scholarship with various American universities until becoming professor emeritus at Cornell University., Q. Were you terrified?, Mullet's financial windfall came to light last month after investigators learned his wife had offered to pay $60,000 to one of their children to help pay off a home mortgage., The 49-year-old actress - who has two kids, Ella, 12, and 18-month-old Benjamin with husband John Travolta - admits she is ''so much wiser'' after giving birth to Benjamin in November 2010 as she used to smoke, drink and do drugs but she opted to change her ways for the sake of the couple's kids., At Penn, a team of specialists has been assembled to interview and evaluate hand transplant candidates. The team includes social workers, psychologists, ethicists, and financial counselors, as well as physicians., NORTHWEST DISTRICT, The French-drafted resolution given to the AP would temporarily add 2,785 military personnel and 300 police to MONUC, which is already the largest U.N. peacekeeping mission., Artist Jerry Thomas will provide a demonstration from 9 a.m.-noon Wednesdays, starting Nov. 2 and ending Nov. 30, at the St. Peters Cultural Arts Centre, 1 St. Peters Centre Blvd., St. Clair: "Lennon and I are in the healthiest romantic relationship you could possibly find.", At this point, most of the elbows are being thrown by those candidates seen as most likely to win the primary -- former U.S. Rep. David McIntosh, former Marion County Coroner John McGoff and former U.S. Attorney Susan Brooks., If they are hoping for a more favorable ruling from a conservative high court, they should reread the separate concurring opinion by 9th Circuit Judge John T. Noonan, a respected conservative jurist., A study done at Ohio State and published in the American Journal of Public Health in late 2009 showed that displaying nutrition labels made a distinct difference in diner's choices., Soon after the $2 baggage fee took effect, American Airlines posted signs that made clear that the fee was not a "gratuity," the court also noted., "We didn't need it for points," she said Sunday after the race. "We all lined up and coach asked us if we wanted to do it. Some of us said yes, some said no. The reason I said yes was because I wanted to go for the win. I wasn't in it to get another point or two.", George Clooney in "The Descendants", What determines coverage is that there was a qualifying three-day hospital stay before entering the SNF, that your aunt has Medicare Part A with days left in the benefit period and that the services she received in the SNF were ordered by her doctor and are related to the treatment of her diagnosed condition. For more information about benefits, visit the Medicare Rights Center at medicareinteractive.org., Do you think both sides played fair?, Gumbo: A thick stew or soup from Louisiana that is made with a strong stock, meat or shellfish, thickener (usually filé or okra) and vegetables, including the "holy trinity" of Southern cooking: celery, onion and bell peppers. Creole gumbo usually contains shellfish, tomatoes and a thickener. Cajun gumbo is made with a dark roux, either shellfish or fowl, and is usually spicier. Sausage or ham may be added to a gumbo made with either fowl or shellfish., Even that may not be accurate. Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf said in a statement that he had not spoken to Jones or Musri, who said later that he received the pledge of a meeting from a staffer in Abdul Rauf's office., Next show: 1993, back at Radio City Music Hall, for the first night of a five-show stand. “I Will Always Love You” had become her biggest hit the previous year. Once again, the focus was on singing, not theatrics, and I enjoyed the show very much. She performed just fragments of some of her hits to make room for some more gospel, and a powerful version of the anthem of determination, “And I Am Telling You I’m Not Going” (from “Dreamgirls”)., The plans are at an advanced stage, but a final decision hasn't been made and will depend on the bank's share price and other factors, the people said. The issue is a subject of intense debate within the bank, with some senior executives arguing that the bank can meet its capital goals in a timely fashion without resorting to ..., He was named the Grizzlies head coach in 2010, and led them to the FCS semifinal last season., It's no surprise that Fulop did not like the mayor's characterization of the endorsements., Of the remaining three top forwards, at this point only Logan Couture should be considered close to untouchable by the front office., Pandit also warned that Citigroup will take a $500 million hit to revenue from an accounting-related charge related to the changing value of its debt., "Some of these kids, we can't get them to smile and show their teeth ... At the end, we can't get them to stop smiling.", The Associated Press reported that the income gap between the richest and poorest Americans grew last year to its widest amount on record as young adults and children in particular struggled to stay afloat in the recession., Turkeyfoot, As a freshman, he finished second in the league tournament, losing by one stroke to his brother, Ryan., Paul has attributed the idealism of his platform to his popularity among young voters. Asked by Jay Leno, on "The Tonight Show," in December, about the issue, the candidate said: "Freedom is very appealing, it's based on principle. …. And I think younger people tend to be more principled and later on resort to blend in and mesh in and go along with the crowd"., Since 1990, the stretch along Santa Rosa Avenue has been on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places and designated as a California State Landmark. The trees were introduced to Southern California in 1883 by John P. Woodbury and have been decorated annually since 1920. The lights will be on every evening from Dec. 11 to Jan. 2 and again on Jan. 6 and 7., Mathieu, a Heisman Trophy finalist, and Claiborne were joined on the All-America team by Heisman Trophy winner Robert Griffin III of Baylor and finalists Montee Ball of Wisconsin and Trent Richardson of Alabama., If you want to be green -- on Earth Day and every other day of the year -- then eat green. Enjoy fresh produce, eat bean burritos instead of beef burritos and explore new vegan foods, such as marinated tofu kebabs, curried chickpeas and falafel. If you're going to a ballgame, order a veggie dog rather than a hot dog -- pork is the fourth most environmentally harmful food on the EWG's list. If you're going to pick up litter by a waterway, remember that factory-farm runoff is a leading source of water pollution and opt for a vegan lunch, such as a veggie burger or some lentil soup. The planet, animals and your body will be better off., The rate of job creation is accelerating. Employers have added an average of 201,000 jobs a month for the past three months. That's much better than the average of 152,000 a month last year., support for the country's first census since 1983 and will, In a Council grilling that followed the FreshDirect deal, EDC President Seth Pinsky said the city has rushed to take aggressive legal action to reclaim the taxpayer-funded investments. Under Bloomberg, the city has recovered over $85 million in benefits and defaulted over 105 projects that reneged on terms. "We do have a tremendous compliance department that spends all of their time making sure the companies are doing what they are supposed to do," Pinsky testified during the March 21 hearing., “First of all, I was afraid to tell my children. I thought they would think I was stupid,” said Worek. “I was so afraid and embarassed to tell anyone.”, BEST CHILDREN'S THEATER ACTOR:, o"Accuracy has been the great problem and great challenge in aerial bombing," says air historian Tom Crouch, a senior curator with the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum. "Today the problem isn't hitting the target, but making sure it is the right target. It wasn't always that way.", It had to happen: a brawl across all of the media platforms where organizations now try to set the agenda for social and political movements. Got Twitter, Facebook and an online petition? Chances are you have issues. Serious issues., Some political observers speculate that Gonzalez - who also is running a virtually invisible campaign for 22nd Ward Democratic committeeman - was placed on the ballot as a phantom candidate to divert some Little Village votes from Hernandez's other challenger, Reyes., "While it is unfortunate that the residents of the fourth legislative district will not have full representation in the Assembly until the Supreme Court ultimately decides the case, we believe that the final outcome will be that the voters will have their choice honored and Ms Mosquera will be the Assemblywoman, Tambussi said. "The state of New Jersey twice ruled her qualified to run and duly certified her election under the rules in effect at the time that the voters made their choice and we fully expect the Supreme Court to respect the will of the 20,000 people who voted for Ms. Mosquera.'', A handgun was found near his body, and police are investigating the death as a suicide, McCoy said. No suicide note was found, police said., On just under an acre, the Moroccan-style home has four bedrooms, 81 bathrooms and maid's quarters. There's also a saltwater pool, gazebo and an outdoor kitchen. The property has 100 feet of waterfront with docking for boats. The home is on Star Island, which has been home to numerous celebrities including Shaquille O'Neal, Gloria Estefan and Rosie O'Donnell., It sounds innocuous enough. The Fed wouldn't change anything it's doing right now; it would merely be more specific about its intentions. The signal would be similar to one the Fed sent this summer, when it promised to keep rates at zero until 2013., And he created a legion of fans — especially in Georgia, where he returned to school to get his degree — who chanted, "Bubba! Bubba! Bubba!" as he hugged everyone he could find on the 10th green., An exhausted sense of camaraderie in the face of perceived indifference by airport officials had set in among the stranded. People shared phone chargers, made coffee runs, commiserated over convenience store meals and minded luggage during bathroom breaks., The officer estimated the car was traveling at about 100 mph, Udovich said., "I was busy messing with the radio," she said., Oxford Academy, a Cypress school that admits students in grades 7-12 through a competitive application process, claimed the No. 1 spot in our 2011 high school rankings for a third time, edging out Fullerton's Troy High School, itself home to a wildly successful technology magnet program encompassing nearly half the student body. (Troy snagged the No. 1 spot last year, after two years of Oxford domination.), After earning a degree in 1943 in journalism from the old St. Joseph's College in Emmitsburg, Mrs. Devlin began her newspaper career as a reporter on the old Baltimore News Post., "We're like, `No! No chance,'" Sykes recalled. "And then we moved record labels very shortly afterward.", The bad: Compatible with only a small number of Bluetooth-enabled phones; no external volume controls., Vitals: 951 Lakeville St. (at Caulfield), Petaluma; (707) 778-8000. Dim sum 11:30 a.m.-3 p.m. daily. Menu service., Based on those results, Signet forecasts that its profits before income taxes for fiscal 2012 will be between $494 million and $501 million. Its fiscal year ends Jan. 28., Back then, the idea was to rein in spending of local governments. It also would have done away with all the wild disparities in property taxes caused by Save Our Homes. Rubio was blocked by Gov. Charlie Crist. One criticism is the now-amusing notion that property taxes are stable., According to the Columbia Daily Tribune, Franklin removed himself from practice Tuesday after emerging from a pileup., Scott Trumley, a New York educator, recalls speaking to a local Rotary Club during his first year on the job. "I was raising money for a field trip," he says. "I told the group of my hopes for these kids and all my frustrations. One member, a judge, said to me afterward, 'Call me after your worst days.' Those talks helped me grow., The hospital says Paterno was surrounded by family members, who have requested privacy., Tramiel married his wife Helen, a fellow concentration camp survivor, in 1947. He came to the United States the same year and joined the Army, where he learned to repair typewriters., The median sales price, however, dropped to $217,800, down 6.7 percent from a year ago. That's also down 5.6 percent from September, which had been a high for the year. The average home price in October was $258,700., If you include Ichiro’s Japanese major-league numbers — where he won seven straight batting titles — the outfielder now has hit .300 in a remarkable 19 consecutive seasons., But in an argument he will likely make on the campaign trail, he said: "Once we make all the regulations smarter, eliminate the dumb ones and so forth, there's still going to be some tensions that exist around, you know, how much do we value this extra 10,000 jobs versus these extra hundred thousand asthma cases.", A U.S and NATO victory in this highly troubled area is an absolute necessity for the salvation of democratic freedom for all citizens in the United States of America., It's probably a defense mechanism of some kind. I'd prefer to think it's a message from the dead, jolting us into remembering how quickly time passes and how suddenly things can change. How easy it is to take the people you love for granted., Height/weight: 6-0, 200., Despite her severe head injuries, Rosemary is able to nod her head to yes and no questions, can squeeze visitors<U+0092> hands and smiles, according to reports verified by the Free Press., Holden, a conservative Democrat and Pennsylvania's longest-serving congressman, lost to political newcomer Matt Cartwright, 57-43 percent, results showed at 11:15 p.m. The Associated Press called the race about 10:30 p.m. Cartwright led Holden in Northampton County 55-45 percent., I loved the clothing. Fabulous labels that included Hickey Freeman suits, Jagger jeans, George Roth shirts, and my favorite item a reversible outer wear jacket by Kim Herring., A hearing on the police and firefighters challenge is scheduled for May 20, the day before the law is scheduled to go into effect., Thursday Lenten concerts: With organist Kevin J. Bylsma and works by Bach, Widor, Demessieux and Dragt, 12:35 p.m. Thu. Mariners' Church, 170 Jefferson, Detroit. 313-259-2206. Free., Julie Pakula wanted to bury her daughter in a family plot, according to records in the grandparent visitation dispute. Klein said he consented but wanted her to sell him the adjoining plot. The day before the funeral, Klein received a letter from Pakula's lawyer. It offered him the plot in exchange for visits with her grandsons. She later testified that Klein's sister had warned that Klein might keep her from the boys, something the sister denied., He never said anything, but I knew he was vaguely disgusted that his son grew up to become a yoga-posturing vegetarian and his daughter an effete city gal who drinks lattes and pays money to eat raw fish., Stock is highly perishable, especially fish stock. It quickly develops sour or off flavors., The latter, in the center of town, has been on the Munch radar for several years, with readers singing the praises of the “famous” burger especially., oSaldana, who left the Army in 2004, hasn't worked full time in 18 months. He's scoured "'help wanted" listings, taken college courses and earned an emergency medical technician certificate. But he finds himself pigeonholed. "What do you come out with having been an artillery man or in the infantry?" he asks. "The best job you can get is security. That's not what I want to do for the rest of my life.", (05-07) 21:53 PDT Anaheim, Calif. (AP) --, Those numbers, plus GOP control of the board that will draw Ohio General Assembly districts, plus the looming defeat of public employee unions by Statehouse Republicans, should suggest three plain facts to Ohio Democrats:, During the first half of the class, we swung 5- or 8-pound weights around our bodies, alternating between narrow and wide stances. My initial response was to lift with my arms, but DeRubertis reminded me to derive most of the necessary force from my legs. Boy, did I notice the difference., The meals will be served between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. Saturday at St. Theodosius Orthodox Cathedral Hall in Tremont., A mix of rock, rap and pop — the surgeon’s choice — plays in the background. Now that cancer isn’t an issue, Gonzo inspects the donor heart for other problems., Tulowitzki was bothered by a right hip flexor injury last week, but has been moving better. He led NL shortstops last season in fielding percentage (.991) and double plays (98) and went 59 consecutive games without an error., Avian cholera strikes the refuges every year, including 2008, when some 6,000 to 8,000 birds perished, primarily tundra swans. Frozen territory to the north left them stalled in the basin as more birds piled in., If they care so much, why isn't this resulting in job-creation bills being fast-tracked?, 2600 Stoneykirk Ct., $85,000, “They spent days at the shelter assisting staff in their job duties and learning what it’s like not to volunteer to do the fun stuff, but to actually be a staff member and have to do some of the more burdensome things necessary to make sure the shelter runs smoothly., Vogel replaced the older, gruffer Jim O'Brien at midseason last year. He took a team that was 17-27 and struggling with confidence, infused it with positive energy and a new approach, and led the team to a 20-18 finish and a playoff berth., Elisa Crouch of the Post-Dispatch contributed information to this story., Consumer Watchdog, the Santa Monica group that championed California's Proposition 103 in 1988 that enacted rate controls on auto and property insurance, said it has collected about 100,000 of the 505,000 valid signatures needed by early May to qualify the ballot measure for the November election., 4. "A Chorus Line", Politics often is much like the opposite game - the words coming out of politicians' mouths don't always mean exactly what they seem like at first., His proposal also:, The resulting 85 percent of residential choice in the northeastern corridor (Harford, Cecil and New Castle Counties) may be attributed to those who transitioned from Fort Monmouth wanting to remain closer to family and friends "back home." Dual working families where one partner may still hold a job to the north may also be a factor. When the ZIP code data is mapped, it reinforces BRAC planning and implementation efforts regarding infrastructure such as water, sewer, and transportation to absorb and accommodate growth: the density is evident in our Growth Corridor. (Please see the accompanying map.), The latest was the terrorist attack of Sept. 11, 2001. The first was Dec. 7, 1941, when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, launching America into World War II., MDS, PNH and aplastic anemia are among more than 7,000 rare diseases identified and studied by the National Institutes of Health's Office of Rare Diseases Research. On Saturday, the Aplastic Anemia & MDS International Foundation will hold a one-day regional conference in Cleveland, one of six such events across the country., RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - North Carolina voters overwhelmingly passed a constitutional amendment that defines marriage as solely between a man and a woman, but not much is expected to change immediately., What a sad day for the Blazers & fans. In my mind I hear K. Bryant saying Roy was the hardest person to guard in the entire NBA. LA will have to step up & become the team leader I believe he can be. Keep the faith Blazer fans., Google is under investigation by India after a dating website complained that the world's biggest search engine violated the nation's antitrust laws, a government official with direct knowledge of the matter told Bloomberg., Pushed by his ambitious mother to become Consul, he accepts the Senate’s offer – but expected to then ingratiate himself with the masses, he refuses, and brings Rome so near anarchy that, in order to appease the mob, he’s sent into exile., Other large plates include an English pea agnolotti with Parmesan broth and shiso ($20) and a duck breast ($23) with duck merguez sausage, dates, fennel and kumquats., House of the Hunted, Before the new iPad, the iPad 2 was our top choice among tablets, and since Apple's iPad first arrived in 2010, the product line has defined what a modern tablet should be -- a full multi-touch display up front, speedy performance, tablet-specific apps and video, music and games just a tap (and a credit card purchase) away., Corn Maze Sherwood: Challenging maze for families, and a kiddie hay maze and pyramids. Also shop for produce and baked goods. 10 a.m.-10 p.m. Fri-Sat, 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Sun, through Nov. 1. Grahams Ferry Farm, 26940 Grahams Ferry Road, Sherwood; $5; www.cornopolis.com or 503-522-4659, o"Had we established export relationships prior to the worldwide recession, our (shipbuilding) division may have done better," says Vince Piscitello, vice president of business development for Vigor Industrial., "We have a going on two-decades relationship with Enterprise," Ann Wagner said. "It's a family.", That's when I learned that this "silent killer" can take a life in minutes., If Intel staggers construction of its new factory, however, the impact on the construction industry could be less pronounced. Oregon's unemployment rate stood level at 10.6 percent in August., A year ago, the Winters Mill wrestling team won the Class 2A-1A state tournament title. This season the Falcons didn't just repeat, they were perfect — going 32-0, winning the Carroll County and West region titles and capturing their first state dual meet tournament title., The Gorloks (12-6-1) received only seven yellow cards over the course of their 19-game season., Duck fans would have been cursing USC's probation, which forced a matchup with UCLA, a 50-0 loser to the Trojans on Saturday. Oregon-UCLA will offer Oregon no bump in the BCS - just like the Civil War didn't., Democrats think Republican Gov. Chris Christie will kill the tunnel project and use New Jersey’s share of the money to replenish the nearly broke Transportation Trust Fund, thus keeping the governor’s promise not to hike the gas tax for the fund that pays for the Garden State’s road and bridge repairs and transit services., He said his policies have not been "extremist" or "anti-business.", I struggle mightily with the steady stream of Department of Defense alerts filling my inbox with the names of the newly dead. Most of them were in their 20s and early 30s. Each of them was somebody else's child., It's not over yet. Sarkozy scored 27 percent of the vote in the first round of presidential elections April 22, to Hollande's 28 percent., "Most of the teachers who have jobs in the district will have jobs next year," said Scholl, whose association represents about 1,100 teachers., "It's very difficult to get some way into understanding something that's not there,'' he said. "In the absence of a building, I had to look toward other things, the general feeling of the place, of California. Obviously the fissure, the crack, is something that takes on a special significance in this landscape.'', Smart said he hopes to use games to close the season against playoff contenders like the Clippers to give the Kings a does of what playoff intensity might feel like., Projects envisioned in the plan would require additional local, state and federal funding to build and operate., Written by the team known as the Corporation (Berry Gordy, Freddie Perren, Alphonzo Mizell and Deke Richards), "I Want You Back" was the song that put the Jackson 5, and therefore Michael Jackson, on the map: it was the Jackson 5's first major label single, in 1969, and went to No. 1 on the Billboard magazine pop chart., The U.S. Constitution has many built-in features that protect minority groups from the "tyranny of the majority." The problem is that full rights have never been allotted to sexual minorities., "The Ides of March," from Columbia Pictures, is slated to land in Cleveland on Oct. 7. "The Descendants," from Fox Searchlight, will arrive closer to Thanksgiving., Fried, who is also chairman of Mercer County’s Republican Party, said the state party committee will be available to assist him and his running mate, Cranbury Mayor Wayne Wittman. Self-financing is also an option for Fried., "I've seen the evolution," said Jeff Dean, a backcountry ski patrol expert who has worked in the ski and snowboard industry for 19 years. "There's a lot of hype now. They look at these guys jumping off cliffs, that radical stuff they're doing in the movies, all the jumps, terrain, 20-foot air, and they want to do it. That's the way it's going. I've done it too, even in the trees. I broke a rib.", From Metro Airport on Friday morning, Chris, 43, recalled the minute they will never forget., WOODBRIDGE — Authorities have received new information that could lead to the killer of a Woodbridge musician in 1980., "The PK has to be better and that's on me, I'm the coach," McLellan said. "We've fallen off the past two years; it's obvious changes have to be made there.", "The most popular varieties include Bissinger's chocolate," he said. Flavors can be personalized., GM said sales to rental car companies dropped 25 percent for the month. Retail sales to individual buyers were flat. Sales of the Cruze, a big seller since it was introduced in 2010, fell almost 30 percent last month. Lower sales to rent car companies hurt the model, but analysts also noted that Toyota and Honda have full supplies of competing cars such as Civic and Corolla., Clifford said that although Pippa wasn't a member of the royal family, she needed to be much more careful about her behavior., To replace the fairs, he said Coventry will host free weeknight activities, such as music, movies and kickball, in nearby Coventry Peace Park. Thursdays will be music and movie nights this summer. Activities also are planned for other nights., More than a dozen motorcycle officers and a Los Angeles Fire Department ambulance swept through the front gates of Spears' hilltop Studio City residence shortly before 1 a.m., as a police helicopter hovered overhead. At 1:08 a.m., officers inside the home radioed to commanders that "the package is on the way out.", For most of Wayne Branum's adult life, pottery has been a constant. He eats from dishes he's made. He lived in Japan to learn the craft., Samsung has also benefited from dealers' desire to offer alternatives to the iPhone, giving them more products to work with in stores at multiple price categories. Like Apple, Samsung's scale enables it to pay lower prices for components than competitors., “The first game of a series is always big,” said Carruth, who made seven of his 43 saves in overtime. “You get momentum going into Game 2. Tomorrow’s a big game as well and we’ll look to do the same thing.”, Besides the use of a credit card the next greatest temptation can be the opportunity to cash in the pension fund from that old company. With bills accumulating, you might think, "I will be debt free. I'll worry about a pension when I'm older.", The club said Howard was doing well after undergoing successful arthroscopic surgery to repair a herniated disk in his lower back on Friday in the Los Angeles area., There are many unfortunate tattoos — the Tazmanian Devil immediately comes to mind. Or Tweety Bird. Basically anything Looney Tunes. But we wouldn't call Ryan Goff's tat unfortunate. We'd call it devotion., Follain said his company hopes to convince Gwinnett officials that plans for commercial flights make sense., It felt, she remembers thinking, like a house with the power to heal., The Kirkland, Wash., company had $698 million in cash and short-term investments on Sept. 30, and can afford to make the $237 million payment due Dec. 1. But it also needs to raise lots of money if it is to remain in business after the next 12 months., Will Lee-Williams (Philly) sports nerdy, thick glasses and rolls through hits like "I'm Your Puppet" and "Me and Mrs. Jones." Alexander Elisa's Memphis is the least sophisticated of the trio but also the most sweet-natured. His gentle disposition gives extra heft to his renditions of "Hold On, I'm Coming" and "Tobacco Road." The most cocksure of the bunch is Detroit (Tyrick Wiltez Jones), who is sure that he has the competition won. After all, as he tells us, he has two distinct musical influences: He was born in the Motor City, but raised in Chicago. This double pedigree means he performs plenty of Jackie Wilson and Sam Cooke and rolls through especially soulful renditions of "Lonely Teardrops," "Chain Gang" and "Wonderful World." Oddly missing, though, are the Motown classics you might expect to hear from an aspiring star with roots in the city that launched the careers of Smokey Robinson and Stevie Wonder., "The cops were on a loud speaker, saying 'Come out with your hands up!' Clopton said, who kept peeking out her window., Dunleavy was free on bail at the time, awaiting sentencing for a series of burglaries he had pleaded guilty to on Dec. 12., The city is also home to numerous salons, Criswell said, and most employees know each other., Is this not an exorbitant rate increase? Are such increases controlled by state and/orfederal law? As a concession, the company offered to keep the premiums the same if we agreed to lower benefits under our policies. Do we have any recourse?, E! red-carpet commentators Kelly Osbourne and Joan Rivers sat together in the front row., Start off with banh xeo, a rice-flour crepe studded with shrimp and pork. A pair of salads - spicy beef salad and green papaya - practically redefine the category. Inhale the fragrance of pho, beef broth stocked with sirloin, brisket and meatballs. Noodles like rice vermicelli with marinated pork and sausage go where other noodles rarely go. And the scent from crispy lemongrass chicken is as alluring as Chanel No. 5., Yet, he added that “it’s incredibly important that we systematically monitor these programs for opportunistic gaming of the system.”, They won three in a row after their first skid, but a three game losing streak, which included two overtime losses, ensured the Aggies of a mediocre season. The low point of the season came when Texas A&M ended their more than century-old rivalry with Texas with a 27-25 loss at home on Thanksgiving., "Most of what I learned to do the job I'm doing now, I learned here when I was 14," Flagg said earlier in the day, amid preparations for the event., “J.R. Martinez is an inspiration to us all and a natural fit for our theme, ‘Just Imagine’ Jackson said. “J.R. is not only a courageous and engaging role model for us all but has dedicated himself to helping not only servicemen and servicewomen but all Americans facing challenges., That said, it's no wonder that Akashic Books and Audible.com snagged the actor to read the hottest property in the publishing world at the moment: "Go the F--- to Sleep." On Thursday night, Jackson stopped by "The Late Show with David Letterman" and read an excerpt of the book and man, no one can deliver a line quite like him., Jeremiah Ward, a friend of Ravi’s from high school, said he was surprised, but not mystified., “Hopefully we look up and LaMichael is running toward the end zone,’ York said., Don't pick green peaches. "It breaks our hearts when people bring in those peaches," Carrie said. "It's not like the grocery store; they won't ripen once they're off the trees.", The students were asked to design and execute transformations of rooms at the previously run-down motel into a hipper/artsier space. I'm one of the judges and can't wait to see what they've created. If you haven't been, this would be a good time to visit. Park Lake Presbyterian Church bought the derelict motel (hence the "faith" part of its name, but everyone is welcome) as a community service/outreach. The rooms are being transformed into studios (for musicians, artists, etc.), and eventually as live/work spaces., South Euclid Mayor Georgine Welo, one of FitzGerald's two announced challengers for the Democratic nomination, said she does not think a collaboration director is necessary., Although it could take from several years to a decade for consumers to see the full impact of the auction, the Federal Communications Commission and carriers are beginning to lay the groundwork now., "She never had a break from reality," said Birkett, who is now a state appellate judge. "She knew what she was doing. She had a full appreciation of her conduct. It was a combination of depression, revenge and guilt over what she had done to her marriage even before she had killed her children.", They are also flavored with on-hand ingredients, but sport a unique texture, changing as they bake into rich, crackly rounds., Any advice for teachers looking to be next year’s teacher of the year? Be positive, come in with a smile and love what you do! Take the time to listen to the students., Andrew Luck, Stanford, 6-4, 234: Luck is a complete prospect with experience, a history of production, a feel for the game, size, athleticism, top intangibles and toughness. He doesn't have an arm like John Elway's, but it's good enough — similar to Manning's, and he throws as accurately. His movement skills are similar to Jay Cutler's and he can throw on the run. He can take a hit like Cutler. Luck has shown he can work through his progressions and find second and third options. He has produced for four years and is considered NFL-ready. There is very little chance Luck will be a bust, and an excellent chance he will be a Pro Bowl caliber player., "There was an awful lot of very special things that happened on offense," Tracy said. "But I have to start with the fact that an 11-run outburst in the fifth inning began with our little guy, Eric Young Jr., hitting a comeback to the pitcher, then ran as hard as he possibly could to first base and then dove in. It ended up erupting into an 11-run inning.", McGirr said he also doesn't want to see another traffic light on Santa Margarita Parkway. In-N-Out representative Kim Kennedy said the restaurant's driveway will be created at Interchange Plaza and Santa Margarita., The scheduled events kick off at noon when Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver (D-Essex) and Majority Leader Lou Greenwald (D-Camden) lay out their legislative priorities at the Trenton War Memorial. Senate President Steve Sweeney (D-Gloucester), Majority Leader Loretta Weinberg (D-Bergen) and Minority Leader Thomas H. Kean, Jr. (R-Union) will address the Senate chamber at 2 p.m., The construction sector has faced the steepest plunge of any Irish industry. It employs about 107,600 people, down from 270,000 in 2007, according to Ireland's Central Statistics Office. Roughly one in four people in Ireland on unemployment used to work in construction or related industries., Duda was always teeming with potential, something manager Terry Collins saw when he was just an oversized doubles hitter in the minors. He came to the team last year a lump of clay, molded by taking one at-bat after another., In April, Thomas -- who'll always be known as "That Girl" -- was at the New Brunswick theater starring in Elaine May's "Roger Is Dead." Next April, she'll play the lead in Arthur ("West Side Story") Laurents new play, "New Year's Eve.", Lost shelves, they say, won't come back. That gives consumers even more incentive to turn to computers, smartphones or e-readers for books -- abandoning the serendipity once enjoyed wandering a bookstore's aisles., At WJW Channel 8, Jackie Glass replaces Nancy Grace at host of "Swift Justice," which airs at 1 and 1:30 p.m. Monday-Friday. Other changes to the Channel 8 lineup: syndicated reruns of "The Big Bang Theory" begin at 7:30 p.m. Monday, Sept. 19 (with a second episode airing after the 11 p.m. newscast); a new "Big Chuck & Lil' John Show," featuring favorite skits, will air 11 a.m. Saturday starting Sept. 10; a weekend morning newscast will air 8-10 Saturday starting Sept. 10 and 8-9 and 10-11 Sunday (on either side of "Fox News Sunday") on Sept. 11; "Browns Insider" will air 11 a.m. Sunday starting Sept. 11; and "Friday Night Touchdown," the 11 p.m. Friday high school sports show, began Aug. 26., The agencies assigned AAA ratings to securities tied to risky subprime mortgages that later went bad and helped cause the housing bust. Afterward, the agencies had to downgrade many of the bonds as home-loan delinquencies soared and the value of those investments sank., Treasurer Bill Lockyer generally praised Brown's plan but said if voter rejection of taxes did not result in specific, predetermined cuts, the state would be unable to do its necessary cash-flow borrowing., ''Mike knew it when he was dating me. And he knew it when he married me. He's still having to adjust, but he's progressive enough.'', The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio says the closings may have a significant impact on FirstEnergy Corp.'s electric prices several years down the road., In Lexington, Ky., executive recruiter Joe Alexander said the federal government should leave the definition of marriage to churches. A Mormon who describes himself as a constitutional conservative says he believes "marriage is ordained by God between a man and a woman.", Because Arizona's new law makes it a crime to be in the state illegally, sheriff's deputies will have the ability to book suspects into jail instead of handing them over to ICE agents., Related tensions could also begin to affect policing in Surprise, said Ted Hunt, a police consultant who spent more than 30 years as a Los Angeles officer., Location: 7257 Topanga Canyon Blvd., Canoga Park, (818) 340-7500, Maybe I'm looking at this the wrong way. Maybe the name could be a digital sign, like the ones MoDOT uses to let us know, for example, how many minutes to Interstate 270., The icebergs that travel to Labrador are time capsules -- sealed thousands of years ago, when snow fell on Greenland. The snow compressed into glacial ice, white from the trapped air bubbles, these from pre-pollution times., Keedysville, Last Monday, I flew to the West Palm Beach airport to visit friends in Florida. On the way down I sat in a window seat, and a blond woman sat in the aisle seat. The seat between us was empty., Two weeks ago, she said, former Bay Area activist Cleve Jones approached Obama and handed him a binder with more than 40 stories of workplace discrimination to help make the case for presidential action. Obama accepted the binder without saying anything, Cronk said., Here he is in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11: "We are apparently supposed to shut up and eat our spinach. Asking questions, proposing alternatives, making distinctions, arguing analogies, remembering history, or criticizing our stand-tall President is, for the moment, unpatriotic and maybe even unmanly. Wave that flag, stuff that qualm." And yet, even in that moment, he can't stop looking to the writers, to literature as a counter-force. "Grace Paley, on the other wonderful hand," he enthuses a few lines later, "suggests … that we bomb Afghanistan with three tons of wheat, rye, and rice, since they are starving: 'If we do it with a vicious attitude, maybe that will be enough for some people.'", Roger Brown (Aksel Hennie of "Max Manus"), a short man who admits to having a Napoleon complex, is a slick headhunter who moonlights as an art thief, the better to provide luxuries that he imagines keep his tall, beautiful wife (Synnove Macody Lund) interested. (His concern about his wife, incidentally, doesn't keep him from having a girlfriend on the side.), "It ain't hard, I just ride a tractor around all day," says Seaberry. "I have no plans to retire.", Jason Anavitarte has lived in Paulding since 2007. His daily commute to work in Dunwoody takes him along I-75., 15. James Logan 10-7 6 13, Getting a longer Portland run for such in-demand shows might have meant waiting a few more seasons., The presale figures bode well for the film's 3D and Imax prospects, too. Domestic audiences appear ready to slip on the 3D glasses, as 56% of paying customers moviegoers have paid to add an extra dimension to their viewing experience. Almost 37% bought IMAX 3D tickets, the presales report noted., Oregon State now turns its sights to No. 11 UCLA, which visits Goss Stadium for a three-game series starting Friday. Tickets remain for the series and can be purchased online at osubeavers.com, over the phone by calling 1-800-GOBEAVS or visiting the ticket office at Gill Coliseum. Fans may also purchase tickets on game day at the Goss Stadium ticket office, which opens two hours before first pitch., The testimony of Vanessa Gay, Tanja Doss, Gladys Wade and two other survivors who prefer to remain unidentified forced them to relive the horrors they alleged. They did so, several testified, in solidarity with the 11 women whose bodies were found in and around Sowell's Imperial Avenue home., And some tiny fissures have appeared in the Angels clubhouse: Pujols is miffed that batting coach Mickey Hatcher leaked to reporters rather innocuous information from a team meeting, and Pujols discussed his displeasure with reporters instead of keeping it between himself and Hatcher., While the cameras were rolling, Colson spoke poignantly of his hope that his bridge-building work would be continued by the next generation. When the cameras stopped rolling, he asked me about my family and my life, then made a point to stop and thank each member of the crew working behind the scenes that day, from the cameramen to the lighting technician to the audio and set engineers huddled in the recesses of the studio. I had never seen another guest go to that much trouble to connect with these men, to make sure they knew that this famous personality recognized their equal dignity and the dignity of the hidden work they did., Getting there: This way, please., Friendly Planet's China Delight tour is available at the $1,799 price point on the departure dates of Dec. 13 and Jan. 17 if booked by April 25., Dre Gleason, Fort Zumwalt North, DH, Region: Galicia, Spain, The Indians will play 162 games. They will win some and they will lose some. I will be there to root them on., The golf course is in pristine condition, there's nary a breeze, and you're about to sink a birdie on the 18th green. But just as the putter is about to meet the ball, your wrist jerks involuntarily — sending your round white nemesis 3 inches too far to the left., Minneapolis police declined to comment on whether the city's investigation determined whether any smoke detectors were functioning at the time of the fire., The African collections at the shows included hints of the traditional with a modern flair -- an approach that has proven successful at home and abroad., They held an open house for 150 people to celebrate the Caldecott award that Swanson's book, "The House in the Night," won., Edward E. Whitacre, a former CEO of AT&T Inc., was GM's chairman after bankruptcy, and for nine months, its CEO. In late 2009, he hired Mr. Girsky to be his adviser. Within months, Mr. Girsky was in charge of global product planning, the purchasing and supply chains, and its OnStar telecommunications division., New York-based AOL Inc. also says it plans to return some of the sale proceeds to its shareholders., Redford extols, At Dwyer, Puyol was the starting quarterback coming in his senior year, having sat behind Florida Gators' freshman Jacoby Brissett – who made his college debut against LSU on Saturday, a 41-11 loss -- for the past two years. This was supposed to be his turn. Then people started talking about this phenom named Faton Bauta, an incoming senior from Brooklyn (N.Y.) Poly Prep Country Day School., I wish I could have been there last night when District Attorney Tony Rackauckas got home and his young son asked him, "Daddy, why are you holding up boxes of Saran Wrap on the TV news?" Because without a script, I'm sure he fumbled out something like, "Uh, Saran Wrap is a legally trademarked name, son. It wasn't Saran Wrap. Eat your carrots.", Firefighters had to overcome a language barrier early Wednesday when they tried to determine if three people had escaped from a Northeast Portland home, or if they were trapped inside., On Thursday, Nye County detectives were told that Kinder, who lives in Pahrump, Nev., had been viewing child pornography, Boruchowitz said yesterday., "Parents know how to talk to their kids about standard recreational drugs and to avoid drug dealers and watch for dangers, but it's getting more sophisticated," Scalzo said. "Parents need to double up efforts and reinforce to kids the dangers of trying some of these unknown compounds.", “It’s a premium market,” she said, “there’s nothing like it.”, Organizers also devised a series of activities to keep the program lively, including a visit to the Sprint Center, where the students got a behind-the-scenes glimpse at what’s involved in running the arena during an event., Redwood Shores Parkway, 11:42 a.m.: Fuel lines were cut on three vans., For the past month, she has been asking me for rides. This involves taking her from the school to the day care center, waiting about 10 minutes there to pick up the baby and then taking her to her house., We buy them because they look so gorgeous in the grocery store -- round, red, no bruising, no cracks. They don't look anything like homegrown tomatoes which -- let's be honest -- are no beauty queens., The men's underwear designer is fond of touting his innovative fabrics and styles (some of which include underwear that "enhances", According to the Santa Ana, Calif., real estate data firm CoreLogic, 2.44 of Portland-area homes with a mortgage were in the foreclosure process in January. That represents an increase of 0.06 percentage points compared with the same month a year earlier., The collision occurred about 5 p.m. EDT -- the height of the city's rush hour -- inside the District of Columbia but near the city's border with Maryland., Oliver's annual salary will be $46,760; Gourdin's will be $36,000., When my parents moved to the Cherry Hill neighborhood in Baltimore after World War II, the legacy of Jim Crow was apparent. Theirs was a large, segregated community with poorly repaired roads, broken street lights and other substandard government services. The elected officials in City Hall treated African-Americans as if they didn't exist., And it was also cool to watch Del McCoury, a bluegrass icon who once played with Bill Monroe, take shouted song requests from the audience on the main stage (!) on the festival's second day. Yeah, the bowl looked a little sad with so few people in the stands for the headlining sets, but hopefully Benn and his London company, Festival Republic, will find a way to return., The national debt has grown significantly in recent years and it keeps rising at this very moment. The way that people get into debt is from spending and I believe that the U.S. has been spending too much. I am not very involved with politics or with the government, but from what I have seen, the U.S. is spending a great deal of money on useless things. I think it is time for major spending cuts. They need to start using their spending money to repay all the countries they have borrowed from in the past. If the spending does not stop, then the U.S. will continue to go further in to debt. With out all the useless spending, the U.S. can save some of that money to pay off the debt that has grown significantly. They can start to pay it off slowly, but a little at a time is better than nothing. I am just a high school student so I understand that my knowledge of economics is basic. However, this is the only solution that makes sense to me., I'm a little disappointed. Like most Cardinal fans, I would've loved to see Albert finish his career as a Cardinal. But how can anybody criticize a player for doing what's best for him and his family? In the long run, this is probably better for all concerned; like most, I was really worried about how much a huge 10-year contract was going to hamstring the organization going forward. Should make for a real interesting 2012., Thomas' skinny but not skimpy book is a nifty 92 pages, not counting footnotes or the index, is an easy read on the brutal Civil War, which began 150 years ago this year., At this stage, however, he has no choice but to be patient and defer to the legal process. He cooperated fully with the Grand Jury and he will continue to cooperate with the investigation as we move forward., Aitken, Wylie. Top personal-injury attorney and powerbroker. One of O.C.'s most prominent Democrats. Allows me to attend his completely unorganized Celtic Bar Assn. "meetings" at Muldoon's even though I'm neither Celtic nor a member of the Bar., Jon Rife, Payne’s attorney, said Friday that his client denies the allegations against him., The former Judith E. Luzzi, a mother of two, described him as controlling and "will stop at nothing to hurt me and make my life difficult.", Israel hopes to source his seafood from a Hawaii-based fishing boat owned by his father-in-law, and he's toying with adding recipes gathered on a recent whirlwind tour of Mexico, including tlayudas (a crunchy tortilla) and aguachile (a spicy ceviche)., Duxbury killed off most of the remaining time but the Warriors got one final chance, only to watch a good shot by Austin Barta go off the thigh of Dragons goalie Henry Buonagurio with four seconds left., In its November feature "10 Great Careers for Women who want a Life," the piece by Virginia Sole-Smith looked at jobs - pharmacist, web professional, physical therapist - that can offer women work with flexibility. But it was the "sidebar" information that riveted me., “It’s a tough battle with these guys,” Portland coach Mike Johnston said. “We know we’ve got our hands full every night we’re playing them.”, "Participants and guests are encouraged to bring rain wear in case of inclement weather, as umbrellas will not be permitted within the seating areas," university officials said in a statement., recently retired research scientist and chemistry professor at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. They live in south St. Louis. Two children: Francis Xavier Shen, 33, associate director of the Law & Neuroscience Project at Vanderbilt University School of Law and newly married to Sophie Beal; and John Paul Shen, 31, an oncology fellow at the University of California San Diego Medical Center "who thinks marriage is the most serious injury to rugby." Brennan is the fifth of six children born to the late John and Elizabeth Lawler. John was a labor official with Local 562 of the pipefitters union and was active in St. Louis politics; Elizabeth was a homemaker. Brennan's five siblings are deceased. She has 30 adult nieces and nephews; 64 great-nieces and -nephews; and 16 great-great-nieces and -nephews and says, "Yes, I know every one of their names and most of their birthdays.", On Monday we watched a doctor coax a smile from a baby whose wide eyes took in the bustle of harried adults. She knew nothing of the terrifying waves, the radiation leaks and the deaths across the region. She merely registered brief alarm at the unshaven face of a Westerner scribbling in a notebook., Grisly photos of the victims have been shown on Afghan television and posted on social media sites, which has stoked public anger., "Mitch Daniels would have been the institutional Republican candidate," Some said. "The institutional players right now do not have a candidate. That’s why I think you see a lot of attention on Christie and some others to consider running.", Wednesday should be sunny with a high of 91. There is a chance of thunderstorms., All this is happening from a headquarters in Lake Oswego., It’s a late Tuesday afternoon and about 100 red-and-white-shirted supporters of Anna Little have crammed into a Keyport pancake house for a weekly organizational meeting in raucous support of the 6th Congressional District Republican candidate., The flood prevention district recently approved a $151 million plan for levee improvements expected to be completed in 2014., Schmidt ruled that "there are to be no more meetings" involving parties in the dispute, until after an April 25 hearing to consider the claims. "They are not to occur," he said., Those expenses range from McAteer's salary - which surged from $130,300 in 2006 to $230,659 by 2008 - to cellphones, computers, technical support and salaries for other staff, including a secretary in McAteer's private law office., Bodies, Cha said, need a certain amount of fat for the body to function properly and the absorption of certain vitamins depend on the absorption of fat., "These events are very important. It keeps students interested in going to college and pursuing education," said Rassii Elliot, a recruiter with Howard University in Washington, whose Thunder Machine band was one of eight school or community bands performing., Expert House Movers used 16 hydraulic jacks to simultaneously lift the 1,800-square-foot structure., The state no longer releases a project-by-project estimate of how much its incentives are worth to companies, but the eight Northeast Ohio projects offer $49.5 million in tax breaks to companies over as many as 15 years., The song was the tragic tale of a girl pleading with her boyfriend to stay off his motorcycle. Robert Hilburn, writing in The Times in 1975, said the song helped create a theatrical style of pop music he called "teardrop rock.", We caught up with Oz and asked him his picks for the most healthful foods available in the Valley., And even that's starting to get the beginnings of a facelift. Thanks to political pressures on the owner; visitors this summer will see work crews installing glass back into long-ago shattered windows on the impressive, long-vacant structure, designed by McKim Mead and White in the same vein as New York's Grand Central Terminal., "It's a long time, and we're really happy with what we've achieved so far, but at the same time, we're not done," said Doughty, who learned all about Los Angeles' meager playoff history while growing up as a Kings fan in Ontario. "We knew all along we had the team to do it. Right now we're playing with a ton of confidence, and every single guy is having fun and feeling part of the team. That's what you need in the playoffs.", Gubernatorial candidates in Florida and Minnesota are singing the law's praises, as are some lawmakers in other states far from the Mexico border such as Idaho and Nebraska. But states also are watching legal challenges to the new law, and whether boycotts over it will harm Arizona's economy., "What was I thinking?" she said. "I could barely afford six. ... I wasn't reflecting enough on the repercussions of my choices.", Aaron H. Anton was a pharmacologist who warned against excessive pharmacology., "When you slide on the red clay you have a feeling you can stop and recover from that step. But here, whatever you do ... you are always slipping," said Djokovic, who hit 20 winners to 24 unforced errors. "Not a single player — not woman not man — I didn't hear anyone say 'I like blue clay.'", The referendum asks voters if provisions in SB 5 should take effect. If the issue passes, SB 5 takes effect. If it fails, SB 5 is repealed., Yes, there are eco terrorist groups, i.e. ELF and ALF. These groups are not considered to be hate groups and don't lead anyone's list of most dangerous groups (except for Mr. Beliveau's) although they can certainly be menacing and are condemned by most real environmentalists. The SPLC lists right-wing extremist groups as the most prevalent and dangerous, including right wing militias, Christian Identity groups and racist groups., Snapvine: The company lets people post personalized voice comments to their MySpace pages. It has raised more than $2 million from Draper Fisher Jurvetson and other investors., Hilby's performance offers juggling, fire-eating, and circus comedy. His website also warns that his show may feature catapults, marshmallows, velcro and "the bowling ball of terror.", Wrecking Ball, Remember those resistance bands many trainers make you work out with? Well they are part of this innovative shapewear garment that enables you to burn 12% more calories each time you put them on! So go ahead and dance your butt of literally with a built-in gym you wear all day long!, Yes, I will be there with my husband and our 3-month-old son!, B. Rodgers, a retiree in Collinsville, said he goes across the river at least twice a week - but not to fill up., Phillips' failure will begat … oh goodness, it is only September. Let's not start that., The league is using a new and redesigned soccer ball this season., The preliminary spring-semester numbers, which were presented to the school board Tuesday, are a slight improvement in some areas compared with the first data collected last fall., Defense attorneys, while conceding both women were prostitutes, argued that they used the pepper spray in self-defense, said a statement on the verdict released by the Atlantic County Prosecutor’s Office., "The first thing he said was, 'Gosh, you look so different,'" English said. "I told him, 'Yeah dad, we're not in Kansas anymore.'", In another, it's the familiar saga of a son rebelling against, then coming to terms with, the long shadow of his father., Tip: Substitute the shoestring fries for the hand-cut fries., The visit of Napolitano and Holder comes amid a flurry of diplomacy between the neighboring countries. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton spent two days in Mexico last week on a visit that focused on border security. President Obama is scheduled to visit April 16-17., Tarhuni's attorney, Tom Nelson, accompanied him back from Tunisia. He noted that Tarhuni is one of at least three Muslim men who attend the Portland mosque who have apparently been placed on the no-fly list that bars air travel by thousands of people -- including several hundred American citizens., If employees are taking gas, Villaraigosa said, "we're going to go after them to the full extent of the law.", The Aliens: Comedy. By Annie Baker. Directed by Lila Neugebauer. Through May 5. SF Playhouse, 533 Sutter St., S.F. Two hours. $20-$70. (415) 677-9596 www.sfplayhouse.org., Their teams, though, were inspired by their great lives. Nazareth won a second straight CHSAA Class AA state title, Bergtraum took home a 14th straight PSAL city championship and Bishop Loughlin, where Murphy started her career, won the New York State Federation Class A crown., In Cleveland, Forest City aims to fill parking spaces, storefronts and hotel rooms at Tower City with help from a planned casino and other large downtown projects., "Irving Street Kitchen, Bluehour, Oven & Shaker, there's a real resurgence in the Pearl, and we're so excited about that," Jennifer Norris said. "Our main focus was to find a spot where we could surround ourselves with other great restaurants and talent, and work with them to make the neighborhood as solid as it can be.", There has been an increased focus on abortion in the campaign lately, and the preliminary exit poll results show Michigan Republicans picking up on it, with about 1 in 8 calling that their top issue. Early results suggest fewer in Arizona were focused on abortion. In both states, about 6 in 10 voters said they believe abortion should be illegal in most or all cases., North Carolina is an important piece of the electoral puzzle for the Obama campaign in November election, but the president could still win the White House again without it., But the Spitak disaster was more than a geopolitical milestone. The earthquake was, in the words of one researcher, a "psychiatric calamity" that has yielded a trove of knowledge aboutpost-traumatic stress disorder., All eyes were on the big guy Sunday after a bruising previous three games in which the Yankee starters surrendered 16 runs in just 9-2/3 innings, culminating in Freddy Garcia pitching himself out of the rotation Saturday with a six-run battering from the Detroit Tigers in just 12/3 innings. Nobody had to tell Sabathia that if ever there was a time for him to pitch up to his salary, this was it. The bullpen was taxed and folks in Yankeeland are starting to get very nervous about this rotation., "I feel like this is a genuine World Series contender. And I'm not just saying that. I really in my heart believe that. I'm not trying to be like (New York Jets coach) Rex Ryan, putting something out there and trying to make everybody mad. I feel like we have a great team.", In his televised address to Congress, Obama sought to provide a jolt for the economy, still staggering on his watch, and for his own standing at one of the lowest marks of his presidency. He put forth a jobs plan that he hopes can get bipartisan support and spur hiring in a nation where 14 million people remain out of work and the jobless rate is stuck at 9.1 percent. Public confidence in his stewardship of the economy is eroding., <U+221A> Shanique Speight* 4,351, Fans are calling "Wasting Light," the new set by the Foo Fighters, the band's strongest effort in a decade. Although the group, which is fronted by former Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl, won't play at Prudential Center in Newark until November 14, pre-sale tickets are going quickly. If you'd like to get in on the action, the password for the pre-sale is WALK, and tickets can be purchased at this Ticketmaster link., School Principal Janis Gansert was also impressed, and said she liked how LoBiondo connected with the students on a personal level., "It's a great break from corporate life," said the 40-year-old Boardsports client who sometimes windsurfs with his 5- and 8-year-old daughters on board., Tapes between the pilots and air traffic control are being reviewed as part of the investigation, said Tatang Kurniadi, chief of the National Commission on Safety Transportation., Include natural items. Burnham suggests decorating now with natural items, such as pine branches, which look great all winter., "You talk about luck, I had a personal tour," said Shields, a retired dentist., If he doesn't make the consent agreement work, his legacy will be that Detroit died on his watch -- even if he loudly protested and called the governor names while the ship sank., Asked why Mann specifically alleged that Olson used electronic monitoring equipment against her, he said, "She knows how I do my job.'' He predicted that he would be cleared of any wrongdoing and asked that the Star Tribune not report on the investigation. He noted that he's had good relations in the past with reporters., "You look at cities like Washington, D.C., and Boston who have done similar projects, who have paid attention to blighted areas, industrial areas, they really serve as a core for a huge metro region," Tokarz said., The dollar gained ground against the euro Thursday, and was little changed against Japan's yen. The Japanese government has flooded currency markets multiple times in recent months with yen to cut the value of the currency as it hovers near a 15-year low against the dollar., He recommends $50,000 should be very liquid because it’s earmarked for upcoming college tuition bills., "Employees call us and complain that they feel like they don't have a choice, and unfortunately, they don't. If an employee refuses to work over a holiday, he or she could be legally terminated., A: I still people think people don't drink enough rosé - they still have the White Zin relationship in their head. There are three reasons, really, that people don't drink it: One, they are afraid they won't know what to order; two, there are a lot of really bad ones out there because any winery makes a rosé now. It's often fruity and almost sweet, lacking acidity and character. There's no love that goes with it., Prescription products with lidocaine typically contain 1 to 5 percent of the compound, but one of the bath salts turned out to be 72 percent lidocaine., On tenure reform, Christie said he would propose a bill that affords every child the right to an "effective teacher" and says tenure must be granted and taken away based on teachers’ effectiveness evaluations., The report said an average of 410 prisoners arrive each month, and they will stay an average of three years., The survey ( here's a link), conducted by sportingintelligence.com and appears in ESPN The Magazine, examined payrolls for 278 teams in 14 leagues from 10 countries. The two lowest-paying leagues: the Canadian Football League and Major League Soccer., Sternberg, was on her way to Madison traveling north on 287 when she called from the scene. She said the plane looked like it was in trouble before it crashed., Kitzhaber's decision to bring in the state's business leaders was a clearly calculated move to spark Republicans to action. It certainly got their attention., He tried to compensate with hard work. Four nights a week, he strapped on a five-gallon backpack filled with nutrients like seaweed extract and sprayed the plants. Once a week, he applied insecticide., The three defendants convicted in 2005 of multiple counts of sexually assaulting a 16-year-old girl on a pool table in a Corona del Mar garage in July 2002 were sentenced to six years in prison each., and human growth hormone during his 24-year career are at the, “It’s strong what he says, and it’s genuine. And he’s a guy you can say, ‘Look what he does for the team.’”, Paul said states should be making more of their own decisions, that some drug sentencing needs to be relaxed and the Patriot Act ("I don't think it would've passed if it was called the Repeal the Fourth Amendment Act.") needs to be re-examined., A 7-year-old girl and a 4-year-old boy were approached by a man who offered the children candy and tried to lure them into his vehicle, police said. The two ran home where they told a relative who called police., The oral arguments prompted David Hudson of Valley Village to pen his own “very modest proposal”:, Caltrans officials have said that all structures for which Wiles fabricated test data have been reassessed and found to be safe, and that state and federal examinations found fabrications in just those three cases. The Bay Bridge was not among them., But the candidate did not unveil any new policy proposals tailored to women. Instead, speaking at several women-owned businesses with scores of women behind him as a backdrop, Romney hit many of the same themes that he has been for months: what he views as Obama's ineffectual $787-billion government stimulus program, financial regulations that he says have slowed lending and business growth, and a burgeoning deficit that he says has made it difficult for the economy to recover., With an influx of newcomers expected from across the country, the attention has fired up people in and around the city., "Arts and cultural organizations are looking at what they have in terms of endowments, cash reserves, everything that they can consider as potential increases in their equity as an organization," Schorgl said., The party's text referred to her as Bo Gu Kailai, using her husband's family name, which is not the custom for Chinese women — a sign, some say, of the authorities' desire to taint them both with the murder charge., Among many other things, this book can teach you how to make roses for the top of Mom's cupcakes out of rolled-out cherry candy slices. It also would make an excellent gift for moms who love to cook with their kids., Long delays should turn even loooonger over the coming weeks as crews start a project to install a new traffic signal system at the highway exit area along the border of Willowick and Wickliffe. The good news? Traffic flow eventually will improve and be better than it has in a long time, promises Rick Pugh, a technician for Willowick., For textiles, synthetic dyes took over, but the use of cochineal dye moved on to food. In the U.S. in the 1900s, the article notes, cochineal “began to appear in commercial products of the United States primarily as a food dye, as in pork sausage, pies, dried fish and shrimp, candies, pills, jams, lipstick and rouge, and the brightly colored maraschino cherries.”, Known for her dribbling abilities, Wagoner has six goals, and seven assists after missing last season because of a knee injury. She'll play next year at Oregon., US Airways and Southwest Airlines fly nonstop to Tampa from Philadelphia International Airport. The lowest recent round-trip fare was about $178., Mount St. Mary’s needed – and got – two wins in its final Northeast Conference games to qualify for the No. 4 seed in the league tournament. And for their troubles, the Mountaineers (5-8 overall and 2-3 in the NEC) will tangle with No. 1 seed Robert Morris (11-3, 5-0) in Friday evening’s semifinal., Eleven of 12 jurors earlier had found McKinley guilty of first-degree sodomy and unlawful use of a weapon. McKinley contended that the woman had agreed to have sex with him. He said he took $40 from her wallet which made the woman angry and prompted her to make up a story about an attack to exact revenge., But "Big River" works, partly because its story is sunnier and, in this production, partly because stage artists conspire to use their talents to create transcendent moments. It's not the same thing as great literature. But it's not entirely different, either., Known in the 1920s as Auto Row, Midtown Alley once boasted showrooms for Packard, Stutz, Moon and other carmakers. Those businesses were long gone by the time Johnson noticed the neighborhood on his commute to East St. Louis, where he worked on community-development projects. An architect, Johnson decided to get his master's in business administration. His thesis was a business plan for the neighborhood., The problem isn't just about the production of weapons and war machines. It's also about their sales. As they brace for some Pentagon cuts, U.S. military contractors hope to cover their losses by selling overseas, reinforcing the U.S. position as the world's No. 1 arms exporter. Just like Philip Morris, arms merchants are merchants of death. If they don't die in conflicts sustained by U.S. weapons, the victims die from inadequate health care, lack of food and potable water, unregulated environmental pollution, and all the other problems their governments should have been addressing instead of buying weapons., Earlier this week, O'Mara said two accounts started by friends of Zimmerman had raised a total of about $2,700., When she isn't immersing herself in the arts, Mullins volunteers one day a week at Hillsboro Library's Main Branch, where she organizes and straightens book., Flood was recognized for her dedication to Hudson County by several local officials, including state Sen. Sandra Cunningham, County Executive Thomas DeGise, Freeholder Jeff Dublin, former Superintendent of Schools Jersey City Charles T. Epps Jr., Mayor Jerramiah Healy and Councilwoman at large Viola Richardson., "It's not quantity, but quality," said veteran coach Lori Blade. "Those two will be almost impossible to replace.", When all the finished plans and approvals came through, Roger completed the construction in a whirlwind four months., Graeme McDowell won the 2010 U.S. Open, riding a six-month wave that included a clutch performance for Europe's victorious Ryder Cup squad. He said winning a major changed his expectations for the worse. The pressure to live up to the new standard got to him in 2011, when he failed to win a tournament on the PGA or European tours., Basketball -- Multiplex Event Center, Warrensville Heights., CVS Caremark Corp.'s first-quarter profit rose 8.8% as its pharmacy-benefits-management business again performed well and an extra day for leap year and the early onset of the allergy season helped lift front-end sales., A distinct aroma of flop sweat hovers over the proceedings, in which a six-member ensemble tries desperately to wring laughs from the witless book and lyrics, for which no fewer than four writers are -- and I use the term loosely -- credited., In addition, volunteers help families move in and out, mow the lawn and handle basic cleaning and maintenance, he said. A local plumbing company recently donated a water heater, and other businesses are providing similar support as needed., The upscale hotel's Asian-inflected fine-dining restaurant, Silks, is closing May 12 after 25 years of business, as reported last fall. After it closes, it will be quickly replaced by an entirely new restaurant, Brasserie S&P., She led the way, as she has all year, with 15 points and seven rebounds. Harris forced shots early, but it was because she was the only one scoring. The senior played hard until the very end and she was visibly upset afterward., City officials and experts say it is difficult to fully measure the extent of the problem, partly because of bedbug stigma and the lack of solid data about confirmed infestations., 3. Whisk drained cucumber into yogurt. Gently whisk in 4 tablespoons lemon juice, then 3 teaspoons garlic, then salt. Taste; if desired, add more lemon juice, garlic or salt., Lindbergh has about $13 million in reserves, but with a monthly operating budget of about $5 million, the reserves would be gone in about three months, Simpson said., “Before we had this temple there were many people who would make the trek over St. Louis and do temple work the next day,” said Aggen. ”But now that we have the temple here, I know people who plan on going there once or week or once a month., There are three "legs" (see map, facing page) — a northern loop near Westminster High School; a middle loop near Robert Moton Elementary and the Gatway School, which includes a labyrinth; and a southern section that bridges from Carroll Community College to the Y of Central Maryland property., AKRON, Ohio -- U.S. District Judge Sara Lioi today ruled that the testimony of defense witness Joseph Randazzo would be excluded from the case because he would not submit to prosecutors' cross-examination. The court will excuse him as a witness in the racketeering trial of former county Commissioner Jimmy Dimora., As the couple works through their issues, Tom and Violet aren't the only ones who are conflicted. At times the film plays like farce — a painful crossbow misfire, an improbable parkour action scene in an Ann Arbor alleyway. At other times, such as when Tom's discontent surfaces, the film shifts to relationship drama in ways that are interesting yet out of sync with the general tone. Cinematographer Javier Aguirresarobe ("Vicky Cristina Barcelona") must have had to scramble to keep up with the mood changes and the one-off comic bits that keep turning up., A group of downtown residents hopes to qualify the initiative, called the "No Public Funding of Arena Act" for the November ballot., Brent: Somebody get Chuck Todd a glass of water while we go to our sideline reporter, Erin Andrews, with this special Supreme Court trivia question., Regarding Catharine Hamm's two articles in the April 1 Travel section, "Fares: What's Driving Them?" and "Keeping Airfares in Check": If someone has time to take a cruise, drive or wait for bargains on Priceline or Hotwire, then why wouldn't they have time to take a train to their vacation destination? I have taken the train across the country. I have traveled from L.A. to Albuquerque by train. I have taken a train to San Diego with family to visit the San Diego Zoo. I have a friend who travels by train and then rents a car to get to a specific destination. Trains are wonderful for children., It costs $5,000 to enter the competition. Liberty's robotics team received a grant from the Oregon Department of Education and has sponsorship from FEI and Autodesk., The 60-year-old Keenan said that she will spend the next eight months helping abortion rights candidates win elections., However, a nonbinding term sheet, drawn up after negotiations involving the team, city, NBA and arena operator AEG, calls for the Kings and AEG each to put in $3.26 million for pre-development work, and for the city to match that with $6.5 million., "I enjoy the competition but I really don't know too much about them," Soldan coach Justin Tatum said. "So I think over the break that I'm going to try to do my best and follow up and get some film on them.", Kodak, the company that brought photography to the masses at the dawn of the 20th century and was known all over the world for its Brownie and Instamatic cameras and its yellow-and-red film boxes, was brought down first by Japanese competition and then by its inability to keep pace with the lightning shift from film to digital technology over the past decade., We’ve seen the White House so many times on so many occasions of crisis and celebration that it’s seared into our minds as the seat and symbol of national power., That is why we have sponsored Senate Bill 3681, which would create the Board of the Repealer., The board members are pioneers in an experiment that will grow over time. In many ways they are a diverse group – a mix of Democrats, Republicans and independents from many neighborhoods and different walks of life. In other ways, they are alike – committed to San Diego, to community service and to advancing a constructive conversation about the issues of the day., First, you can expect local stations to pass on wholesale prices that shot up almost 25 cents per gallon between Thursday and the weekend., Teacher's aide Kaylee Dedrick, 24, has since said she plans to press assault charges against Bologna and file a lawsuit against both him and NYPD., For the Cougars, LB Connell Hess (elbow) is questionable after missing the last four games., The company "ignored evidence that assets had been diverted" from 1000 Broadway and the Fox Tower, they allege. "First Republic not only declined to rectify the transfers, but left (Sturgeon) in control of the 1000 Broadway and Fox Tower, despite the fact that she was implicated in the improper transfers.", "It was always a simple story to me," Fitzgerald said. "It was 'Star Wars' plus going to the airport equals Star Tours.", Although BlackBerry service is sold by wireless carriers, RIM manages its messaging network itself. The centralized structure means that any problems can affect millions of users., "So the collectors are more frustrated, and they're getting more aggressive.", Last-minute passengers switches also caused confusion, with numbers flip-flopping at least five times after the crash, while authorities tried to figure out who was aboard., "Build two plazas for $56 million? That's impossible," said Stefano Pascucci, executive vice president of Airport Plazas, which submitted a joint bid with Tishman Construction Corp. that called for spending $80 million for new buildings and half the return to the state that Areas suggested is possible., In normal times, that might very well be the case. But with the nation still struggling through its economic malaise, this year's crop of more than 100 MBA students coming out of Washington University's prestigious business school are finding the job search to be rather daunting., The organization wants to increase awareness on the poor quality of air in San Jose, which has some of the highest levels of diesel exhaust particulate matter in the Bay Area from trucks, buses and trains emissions. There will be information tables on how to achieve clean air along with special activities for children and snacks., Phish is repackaging its first studio album, "Junta," as a limited-edition 3-LP vinyl set, and will release it exclusively at participating independently owned record stores on April 21., Michael Taylor, "There are a lot of wonderful restaurants within a five-mile radius. It's just a wonderful way to incorporate exercise into something you're going to do differently. You see things you don't see in a car. It's a little less hectic than going by car," she said., Michael S. Scott, a clinical professor at the University of Wisconsin Law School, said the community should consider one more thing: patience., Gemini (May 21-June 21): You'll shine in the spotlight, so go where you're likely to get the chance to present your case., NEW YORK -- Since the Occupy Wall Street movement kicked off last month, big banks and their employees seem to have made a point of ignoring it, with some privately writing it off as no more than a badly organized nuisance., In July, he consented to the largest campaign fine in state history, paying $17,500 after he failed to properly record employment information for donors and in light of accusations he improperly reimbursed himself more than $40,000 for mileage., ‘‘To have won coming in gives him a lot of confidence,'' said Phil Mickelson, no slouch himself. ‘‘Sucks for us, but . . . '', Charlack Police Chief Tony Umbertino said his department stopped using unlicensed reserve officers in 2003 after Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCullough ordered local police departments to stop doing so. McCullough's order followed a series of Post-Dispatch stories that found more than a dozen police departments across the area had used uncertified personnel, some acting as regular officers., Heat large skillet, preferably cast iron, on medium-high. Add olive oil, and when hot add pineapple, onion, mint and shrimp. Saute for 1-2 minutes, stirring frequently. Add sauce and saute another 1-2 minutes, or until shrimp is pink., “I felt the same thing I feel when I leave a janazah, a funeral, of someone who is in our family. I felt like I had just witnessed the loss of my family.”, "Mexican soccer has been in my blood," Lopez said. "After the U.S., Mexico is next. I'll be watching every game when I can to see how they do.", "They probably can't - what we say - swim in deep water," said Beeks, area manager for the City of St. Louis Recreation Division. "If they can swim, they would go down to the deep water because it allows them to show off a little bit.", Not to get all theological, but for anyone who filched God's Holy Word from their room (at least the ones that weren't meant to be taken), I would advise you to return it at your earliest convenience. I don't even want to think about the punishment that awaits you now -- or in the hereafter., Greg Perrault, whose youthful kitchen panache captivated diners at Micah Camden's DOC restaurant in Northeast Portland in 2008 and 2009, will be opening his own place, June, tonight. Located on the burgeoning restaurant row along East Burnside Street between 12th and 32nd avenues, June will give Perrault the opportunity to showcase his formidable skills in a traditional open kitchen. At DOC, his way with local ingredients prepared with Italian accents was challenged by a kitchen set up that had him working along a narrow counter between the main entrance and dining room., The reprimand letter for Wood, a teacher at Dana Point's Dana Hills High School, states that he illegally accepted $11,901 in coaches' apparel in 1993 and 1994 while working as the varsity football coach at Aliso Viejo's Aliso Niguel High School., inside information on the government's decisions to a Murdoch, Japan is the world's second-largest producer of automobiles after China, and is a top trade partner with the United States, which imported 1.2 million vehicles from Japan in 2009. The earthquake, tsunami and radiation from damaged nuclear power plants have raised concerns of falling supplies of high-mileage cars made only in Japan. Those models include the Honda Fit and Toyota Yaris and hybrids such as the Toyota Prius., Contact: Chris Kenny at 636-458-4370 or at Marquette High at 636-891-6000., Fine sea salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, "After a while, I just said I'm not coming out," she said. "I told them this is not a client.", Each week since the season began, I've received an email from a website, makeNFLplayoffs.com, that calculates the odds of teams' reaching the postseason., Will Daddario, The Ravens are poised to apply the franchise tag to Pro Bowl running back Ray Rice, who would otherwise be set to hit the open market with the other unrestricted free agents on March 13. The Ravens have until Monday to apply the tag though Pro Football Talk reported that they are poised to do it tomorrow., 455 Oak Stand Path, $561,000, The home of the "butt hut" is now a court for lunchtime games of volleyball and basketball. The campus is dotted with No Smoking signs, even on the outside steps. And the county encourages quitting as part of its Vitality program, an interactive website that awards healthcare discounts for working out, taking classes or earning first-aid certification., This was the third NCS doubles crown for Wang, who won the previous two with his brother Jon. The duo of Wang and Cooper advanced to the finals with a 7-6 (5), 6-3 win over Mohan and Stewart., The panels can be nailed onto furring strips that must first be nailed up, according to ThisOldHouse.com., 9. Some Assembly Required: A Journal of My Son's First Son, by Anne Lamott with Sam Lamott, $26.95, Philadelphia prosecutors unearthed hundreds of abuse complaints from secret church files for a watershed 2005 grand jury report that named 63 credibly accused priests, many still in ministry at the time. But they said the alleged crimes were too old to prosecute. No one was charged, and church leaders blasted the report as anti-Catholic., A plan to reduce the amount of greenhouse gases Milpitas emits is being developed., Always recycle or reuse leftover lumber, misfit windows and doors, scrap metal and spare masonry materials., "Through hard work and an imaginative vision, Herb Ritts fashioned himself into one of the top photographers to emerge from the 1980s," Paul Martineau, associate curator of photographs at the J. Paul Getty Museum, who created the exhibit, said in a press release announcing the show., The voting ended Thursday, and our readers decided the most dazzling display was Susan Dispenziere’s home in the Oak Ridge section of Jefferson, in Morris County., Karl has started Kosta Koufos at center in the first two games. He said he probably would again tonight but hadn't made up his mind., Under terms of the agreement, AMP would purchase the plant for about $485 million, based on its current capacity to generate 685 megawatts., It's the latest big bank to pay to settle such lawsuits. Last year, Bank of America agreed to pay $410 million to resolve a similar suit. American Banker described the disputed practice:, "Kots is a guy who is comfortable in that role late in games against good relief pitchers and it worked out for us," Black said., MENDENHALL, Pa. - The 2012 presidential general election has begun. It won't be pretty., Fold the empty half of the tortilla over the filling. Sizzle the quesadilla until light golden. Turn to cook the other side until golden. Remove and eat., The water monitoring data will be used to grade the harbor's health in an annual report card to be produced in league with the business nonprofit Waterfront Partnership, the University of Maryland's EcoCheck program and the Abell Foundation., "I worry about the very poor and I want to make sure that our safety net is there," Romney said in New Hampshire in December, says the middle class are "the people I'm really concerned about right now.", All it needs to be legal is elk hair. But the amount of elk hair in the Cascades is dwindling, and with it might go the hair tag., He would know. Ridley and partner David Moroz staged the Laugh Detroit Comedy Festival from 2008 to 2011. It was a smaller undertaking than LaughFest, spanning five days and using two main venues. This year Moroz is laid up following knee surgery, so the Detroit fest is taking a year off., Regulators say the defective materials emit fumes and contain traces of a chemical that can produce a rotten-egg odor that appears to grow worse with heat and humidity., "If we want to have room, we can have room," Kahn said. "There's no question about it.", issues around money. For example, the majority of men perceive themselves as driving financial decisions while women typically say they share responsibility in such decisions. Seven in 10 women and 45 percent of men say they share responsibility. Half of men and only 17 percent of women say they are the ones who are most responsible, the survey found., Susan's Courtside Cafe's home may have been rifled with mischief, but Ramirez is erasing bad memories with good food., The key to cocktails that cool you down on a hot day is in capitalizing on summer's bounty, says Asher, a chef who brings the kitchen into the bar. Whenever possible, use fresh fruit, from watermelon to berries. Also try fresh mint for garnish and the cooling heat of spicy jalapeno for a margarita., Copley Township Democratic Rep. Betty Sutton raised $455,321 for her congressional re-election campaign in the first quarter of 2012, her campaign says, a figure that brings her closer to closing her fundraising gap with GOP Rep. Jim Renacci of Wadsworth., “It kind of felt like a fresh start,” Russo said. “Neil (Ioviero) is always there watching all the pitchers. He definitely knows what he’s talking about and he helped me develop a routine.”, But New York Fed General Counsel Thomas Baxter said the Fed's financial stake made its input appropriate, "with the understanding that the final decision rested with AIG" and its lawyers., The treats have the same look and feel as the original Bil-Jac treats. I don't know that I would normally buy these over the original ones as Chi-Chi does not really have a deficit in the target areas. Do these treats give Chi-Chi a better coat; health; and make him smarter? Only time will tell...., Highlights: Columbus Crew vs. Vancouver Whitecaps, Rupp's 2nd Senatorial District is a microcosm of the state's Great Divide between rural and urban. It covers western St. Charles County, a mostly urban area where most of the district's voters live, and all of Lincoln County, which is primarily rural., Should win: Clooney. It was the most fully realized performance of the five, with Clooney inhabiting the devastated Matt King, struggling to keep his daughters and himself afloat in the wake of his wife's coma. He was also willing not to play charming-gorgeous George. But it's a close call, because Dujardin will benefit from all the love for "The Artist." Bichir was touching and memorable as a Mexican immigrant trying to help his son, but few people have seen his film, which came out in June (and is now on DVD)., "I figured it’d do some real good to do that for Japan right after this crisis," Nathanson said., For Great Lakes fisheries., Head coach: Sean Payton, fourth season with New Orleans. Appeared in three games as quarterback with Chicago in 1987., “I feel good about the rotation and great about the depth,” Girardi said. “We are going to have tough decisions what to do.”, The big push from the Stop the Poles group and other local residents has been for the line to be buried underground on Route 77., "Time to bust this time capsule," I tell the home-staging manager., Staff Writer Tara Quinn is sampling each of the programs offered at the Medina County Career Center. This time around, she visited with students in the center’s Chef and Restaurant Management program., Tomasz "Goral" Adamek, a Polish native who fights out of Jersey City, made his first appearance since losing to Vitali Klitschko in a heavyweight title bout., Those of Chicago's 35-and-under set were out in full force Feb 24 to raise money at Tickled Pink, held at the River East Art Center. The annual event was the biggest (more than 900 attended) and most profitable in its seven-year history, raising $50,000 for the Y-Me National Breast Cancer Organization, which provides support networks for those who face a breast cancer diagnosis., APRIL 20, The idea comes from a report by the Annie E. Casey Foundation that found that students who cannot read at their grade level by the end of third grade are four times more likely to drop out of school later. Still, there is debate over whether retention spurs academic growth or is in itself a precursor to dropping out., Your 17-year-old boy is not only still a minor, but also does not have the financial and institutional standing to support himself. Instead, he lives at home, becoming an adult incrementally on his parents' dime. It makes no sense for parents to absorb the money and decision-making burdens of adulthood while just handing their kids the perks. If Junior wants to play house, then he can rent house. If he doesn't like the back seat, then he can be abstinent., But "Kin," which opened last night at Playwrights Horizons, does all that and more, establishing its young British playwright, Bathsheba Doran, as a major talent., Around 2 a.m., officers watched as a U-Haul drove slowly down a street in the neighborhood, followed by a vehicle they had been told one of their suspects was using. Law enforcement officers continued to follow the two cars as they headed into Upper Freehold Township in Monmouth County., Most of Missouri's 142 caucus gatherings were held on March 17, but St. Louis and Jackson County, which contains Kansas City, were given special permission to hold them this weekend, so as not to interfere with St. Patrick's Day's events., "Pets are another member of the family," she said. "We recognize that.", Anders Osborne and Monk Boudreaux, "Bury the Hatchet" - Swedish-born guitarist Osborne adopted New Orleans as home. He teams with "Big Chief" Boudreaux to capture the spirit of the Mardi Gras Indians., In Sacramento, a well-known example of impartiality is the state Legislative Analyst's Office, whose credibility depends on the nonpartisan nature of its fiscal and policy analyses. So I called Legislative Analyst Mac Taylor to learn how he handles ethics., 3M said a number of its customers reduced inventories during the quarter, expecting slowing demand., Levy not dry, Potter, 41, of the 200 block of Hickory Wood Drive, called police about 1:40 p.m. Nov. 19 to report her 6-week-old son Wyatt had died. She said she had drunk three or four glasses of wine before going to sleep with Wyatt in her bed, and he wasn't breathing when she awoke., The pager never beeped. He died April 3, 2004, at the age of 51., Counties were supposed to implement their plans in 2009, but that deadline was twice delayed, most recently under an administrative order that expired April 7. None of the county plans have since been approved by state officials., “His pressure’s been all over the place,” Loucks tells Clay. “The family’s been in and out. His sugar has been elevated at times.”, Now the city is looking to increase that limit by $9.7 million with a significant amendment to the urban renewal plan, bringing the new borrowing limit to $45 million. The increase is expected to add three years to the taxing district's lifespan, currently scheduled to terminate in 2018., 11. Marriotts Ridge, 65, "I’ve never seen a witness in all my career … who has committed all the crimes he has," said Critchley, who has been a lawyer for nearly 40 years., The question: What are the most important leadership lessons you've learned?, "I was really bored and I didn't know what to do," Howard recalls. "There were some kids around who were way younger than me, so I couldn't hang out with them. So I found this guitar in the closet" - it had belonged to her older sister, who died of a brain tumor when Howard was 9 - "and it was like, I guess I'm going to learn how to play guitar, because I don't have anything better to do.", That sent the white seat covers flying in all corners of the arena, the fans knowing it was finally over., The government subjecting citizens to "a urine dipstick five-panel test" is an expensive, ideological intrusion. Budget hawks and liberty-loving people - including Tea Party proponents who are sincere about their stated ideals - should be incensed., Despite those polygamists that mainstream Mormons are often wrongly saddled with, Mormons are known for doing "family" impressively. Though the Mormon divorce rate is debatable, given people's ability to profess a faith that they might or might not actually practice and relatively few temple divorces, practicing Mormons make no bones about the importance of marriage and family and their value to one's life and one's community., I get what you're saying. So that explains the third round of the Browns' draft., "I think Loose Gravel will have to be a little bit more flexible now," Simon said., As for her advice to bloggers, it could apply to life in general: “Be your bad dorky self. Cook the food you love. Don’t work for free.”, "You don't go out like this," Rivera said. "I love to play the game. I don't think, to me, going out like this is the right way. I don't think like that. With the strength of the Lord, I have to continue.", 4518 Tholozan Av, $7,000, Garza was one of 15 players on the 53-man roster set to become an unrestricted free agent after this season, but the Bears locked him up and made the deal official before Monday's deadline passed to count bonus money in the contract against this year's salary cap. The Bears had more than $18 million in salary cap room available before the contract., Q: Your surname is the same as the latest teen heartthrob, Justin Bieber. Do people ask you about that very often?, "I've met with her doctors, her neurosurgeon and her doctors, and ... they've given us permission to take her down to the launch," Kelly said in the interview in Houston. The network statement did not specify when the interview occurred., The Catch? Um, the Smurfs get their own 3D movie., Among Thibaut's clients are utility companies; GTECH, a gaming company that hopes to run the day-to-day operations of the Ohio Lottery; and Corrections Corp. of America, which operates prisons. (The budget Kasich signed last week allows six state prisons to be sold to private operators.), TRENTON — Brian Aitken, who was convicted of illegally possessing three handguns he had legally purchased in Colorado, will be out of prison in time for Christmas., Alliant Techsystems Inc. said Thursday it's continuing to adjust to a future with less NASA and military-related business while taking steps to shore up profits from products it sells to non-military customers., "Congressman Miller is a man whose ideas petrified years ago.", Santorum left Puerto Rico earlier this week and spent the morning in Missouri, where he already won a primary that awarded no delegates. Missouri Republicans were meeting in county caucuses Saturday, the first step toward choosing delegates to the national convention who are committed to specific candidates. Santorum then headed Saturday afternoon to Illinois, where he went on the attack against Romney., "More than any other river in the country, the Missouri is about much more than water. But we stopped paying attention to sediment in the river after the dams were built, and now we have a sediment challenge," Leonard Shabman, who chaired the panel of 13 scientists who wrote the report, said in an interview., Bloggers and superfans and former players tried to talk baseball., Until Saturday, Alaigh was a practicing physician specializing in vascular diseases. She said today that as commissioner she would volunteer as a doctor but refrain from practicing., The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says it has received 35 reports of corrosion leading to a failure of the driver's side front strut tower, which affects the vehicle's alignment. A failure of the strut tower could affect the steering column and make it more difficult to control the vehicle., Mother's Day is the perfect time to pause and celebrate not only our mothers but also the generosity of our community and how the Pacifica Resource Center helps spread that generosity to those that need it most. Now is the perfect time to reflect on the sobering fact that one in ten Pacificans earns less than $25,000 a year, and 1 in 4 Pacificans are eligible for — but in many cases do not receive — public and private benefits, such as CalFresh (California's food stamp program), utility assistance, and housing or child care subsidies., On Saturday, Romney answered Jeffress' charge: He praised former Reagan official Bill Bennett, who spoke ahead of Romney at the conference. "You did Rick Perry no good, sir, in what you had to say," said Bennett, denouncing Jeffress for "bigotry" against Mormons., With their superstar point guard out for the rest of the season with a left knee injury, the Bulls will try to take a 2-0 lead over the Philadelphia 76ers when their first-round playoff series resumes Tuesday night after realizing their worst nightmare in the opener., And yet, they were all so sure it was going to work without a hitch, even though they had a quarterback who could do nothing but manage games., The family learned that Noorani's body is being returned to the Islamic center at 110 Harrison St. in Boonton this afternoon. A funeral will be held there Friday at 1:30 p.m., First, there has to be a pool to draw from. Although activists like Hudlin have pioneered resources such as castandcrewofcolor.org, a network for minority talent, the pool is going to be shallow until film schools attract a more diverse student body. While evidence is anecdotal, many graduates recount a nearly all-white environment and, says Hunt, "a very alienating experience.", Since that ruling, pay rates were rolled back to their 2005 levels., Wife of the late John Mitzo, she was the mother of Lynn Schaffner (Bruce), Janice Vogelpohl (Don) and Julianne Whytsell (Harry); grandmother of 10; great-grandmother of 19; sister of the late Anne Kravic., Sweet meets art at Roxy restaurant, thanks to pastry chef Kristina Dula's menu of fall desserts. Like her "autumn fair fried cheesecake":, Now it's more like flash-in-the-pan., The business focuses solely on the sale and service of the recreational vehicles, known for its rounded aluminum shell designed more than 80 years ago. Airstream products range in price from $32,000 to $92,000, Davis said., On a night filled with close plays -- the Orioles prevented a run in the eighth when Jones, Hardy and Wieters combined for a perfect relay and putout at the plate -- the Orioles mostly failed to score against the Red Sox bullpen., "Junior played for 20 years. That's five concussions a game, easily. How many in his career then? That's over 1,500 concussions. I know that's startling, but I know it's true. I had over 1,000 in my 15 years. I felt the effects of it. I felt depression going on throughout my divorce. Junior went through it with his divorce.", Not that you could ever fall. Riders are harnessed and tethered much like zip-liners. But it's more comfortable, with the straps not riding up as much in the seated position. In one shady spot, I stopped pedaling and just dangled for a while. The cycle gently swayed, and it was very quiet without constant noise of the chain. It would have passed as a decent hammock., After landing the role of second-in-command of the shadowy government enforcement agency, S.H.I.E.LD., Smulders deputized a Los Angeles SWAT team trainer to help her learn how to break down a gun, load it quickly and fire it with pinpoint accuracy., CBSSports.com notes that Oral Roberts became the fourth non-major power (top 50 RPI, top seed in their tournament) to lose before reaching their conference finals. Such surprises create additional bubble crowding., Dottie Sandusky said she is devastated by the accusations and that no such incident occurred., For all its potentially teachable moments, however, "Re-Spiced" aims first and foremost to entertain., Finding something patients can easily eat and digest and, more importantly, want to eat, is why the medical staff at Chinese Hospital in San Francisco alternates rice congee and oatmeal on patient meal trays for breakfast. Whether bad weather, recovery from illness or remembrance of childhood comfort, porridge can soothe and nourish. And it does it all over the world., Its funky festival started nine years ago as a way to kick-start the busy vacation season and support local farming., Manager Jim Leyland will try to shield him from some of the pressure by not starting Young in his first game back, and long-time Leyland watchers think it wouldn't be out of character for the manager to let the public get used to his presence before sticking him out in left field again., Activities: National Honor Society ... Habitat for Humanity ... Special Needs Soccer Association (SPENSA) ... Leadership Class., One final note that didn't make its way into the paper:, Hocking's projections have been far more dire in the past., <U+0093>We need to find out in the first two series of the game, the little wide receiver, number 10, about his concussion,<U+0094> Gregg Williams tells his players. <U+0093>We need to (expletive) put a lick on him right now.<U+0094>, * The Avon Garden Club will be planting at the gazebo at Heritage Square Park (on the southwest corner of Detroit and Stoney Ridge Road) and will be planting in the planters on the bridge over French Creek just west of the gazebo., Best seat: At either end of the long bar by the TVs, if you focus on sports. If you want a certain intimacy, opt for one of the cozy booths., The search for the 24-year-old woman led to the eventual discovery of 10 bodies strewn along several miles of beach highway on a barrier island south of Long Island. Police do not believe Gilbert’s disappearance is related to the killings of the 10 people whose remains were found in the area., Lumped together and tallied, they have a presence that can be used to build a distorted state Senate or House district. Prisoner counts can dilute voting power in some areas while falsely ramping it up for voters living near prisons., Those investors have claims exceeding $11 million against Beckman, owner of the Oxford Private Client Group in Wayzata and one of four former partners along with Cook in Oxford Global Advisors. Until the scheme collapsed in July 2009, both companies had offices in the Van Dusen mansion in Minneapolis., So much of electronic networking looks to me like avoidance behavior <U+0096> not really wanting to be alone with oneself or, really, with others., The language in Senate Bill 152 — part of the Budget Reconciliation and Financing Act of 2012 — also applies the sales tax to electronic versions of newspapers, magazines, online chat rooms and blogs that charge fees. For example, newspapers that charge a fee for readers to access online content could potentially have to collect a sales tax from customers., Amazon's new Kindle Fire tablet even encourages consumers to purchase goods online by offering discounts and faster shipping., In the meantime, he says he will be focused on blending in with the team, accepting a role to provide scoring pop off the bench., The real-estate market, of course, crashed. And Arizona finds itself behind in the intense competition for venture capital for new enterprises., Sgt. Rich Austria, who has directly overseen the sex-crimes unit since September, said his detectives feel bruised by the audit., There’s only one problem with that: Miami plays that game as well as or better than anyone else, and when it’s over, the Heat celebrate every blemish like it’s a thing of beauty and a joy forever., How painful will the decisions be? We're here to give you a firsthand look., Spokespeople for Facebook, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs declined to comment., The writer is mayor of Bridgeport, Conn., ORLANDO, FLA. _ By all accounts, Steve Spagnuolo isn't much of a golfer. Like many of his NFL counterparts, the St. Louis Rams' head coach simply doesn't have enough time to work on his golf game., If you know a freeze is coming, you can protect peonies by tossing a sheet over them, or, if they're not very tall, by putting a cardboard box over them, with a weight on top, he said., Palisades Medical Center, 7600 River Rd., North Bergen,will have a seminar on vestibular rehabilitation on Thursday, April 19 at 7 p.m. The featured speaker will be Daine Matlick, Physical Therapist at Palisades Medical Center. There will be free admission, free parking, and free refreshments will be served. For more information, please call (201) 520-1900., Pelican Ranch Winery, Mary Divock, executive director of the BTC, said business owners in the SID are concerned that if the ordinance passes they will lose say as to how the money for the SID is spent., "That's what got the scientific community's interest," Kris said. Doctors can give a drug one day and sample blood the next day to see if the circulating tumor cells are gone, he explained., Faith Christian 8, Peak to Peak 1, He did not participate in morning shootaround., “I like the way we’re mixing in Yuni and Getzie. It’s been about an even split, but you work on matchups. It’s just worked out that way. They’re both getting at-bats and staying sharp. They’re both doing fine.”, Blackmon caught 113 passes for 1,336 yards and 15 touchdowns., "We're willing and ready to work with the school district," said Coates. "We feel like we've got a great school and we want to resolve this.", No, Abagnale told him, "It's just itchy.", More independent bakeries of note, More to that point, the Giants on first down yesterday: 16 runs, 16 passes. (Not including the two kneel downs at the end.) That will keep a defense honest., 4:51 - Aldridge 12' turnaround hook shot (72-63), "He went one way, I went another. A little miscommunication. It snapped," said Mitchell. "Everything feels great right now, though.", Return the pan to the stovetop and bring the fat to 180° over a burner. Place the breast, skin side up, into the warmed fat. Rewarm the fat to 180°. Cover pan with foil, then place in oven. Cook until temperature of the breast reaches 145o when measured at the thickest part with a meat thermometer, about 1-1 1/2 hours. Remove from oven and leave breast in the fat for at least 20 minutes. The temperature will continue to rise as it rests. Remove meat from fat and rest an additional 5 minutes. Turn the oven up to 400°., Harris gained invaluable performance experience while studying music at Humboldt State, where she led an award-winning vocal octet. But it was her stint at Boston's Berklee College of Music in the mid-'90s that turned her into a masterful interpreter of ballads. Just when her career should have taken off, Harris hit a long stretch of the doldrums, and it wasn't until she returned to the Bay Area in 2005 that she found her way back to music, via her mother's intervention., Last week, President Barack Obama bypassed a Senate roadblock to install the former Ohio attorney general as the nation’s top consumer-finance watchdog. The decision, which Obama announced in a visit to Shaker Heights High School, brought immediate scorn from the GOP., Ultimately, the Garden - with its sustainable wine list, larger a la carte plates, and expansive cheese bar - needs to craft its own identity. But three head chefs into the adventure, I think Olexy has found a promising kitchen steward in Sean McPaul. A return visit in December produced a meal that was inspired by pristine ingredients first, not clever techniques, though most were rendered with elegant precision and focus: tortelloni stuffed with braised oxtail; duck with chestnuts in Madeira sauce; rustic leg of lamb with squash and olives; and tender gnocchi tossed with oozing Quadrello buffalo's milk cheese and charred Brussels sprouts., All weekend, local organizations including the Susan G. Komen North Jersey Affiliate and the Jersey City Medical Center will showcase products and services., A bank employee suffered non-life-threatening injuries. Authorities said they were not releasing her name for her safety., "This is the dirty little secret here in Washington, D.C.," Ryan said as he wrapped up his floor speech. "We're only spending 2 percent of our GDP on our infrastructure, while China and India are spending 10 percent of their GDP reinvesting back into their country. We will lose the future if we do not make these investments.", It's far too early to tell whether the pharmaceutical industry's decision to back Obama's health initiative will pay off., For more do-it-yourself tips, go to rosieonthehouse.com. An Arizona home building and remodeling industry expert for 35 years, Rosie Romero is the host of the "Rosie on the House" radio program, 8-11 a.m. Saturdays on KTAR-FM (92.3) in Phoenix., There also is the issue that was raised by ESPN employee Bill Polian: How much could the Saints have gained by spying on opposing assistant coaches? Unless Mickey Loomis knew the language opponents were speaking, there wouldn’t have been much he could do with what he was hearing., TIME OF YEAR: Most often in the winter but possible at any time., Don Bartolo won't have an easy task getting his hands on Rosina's wealth and other assets., This will be followed at 9 p.m. by outdoor star gazing through telescopes, if skies are clear. Members of the Chagrin Valley Astronomical Society will be on hand to help you focus., Rated PG-13 (language, partial nudity), - Forest Laboratories Inc. rose 4 percent after it weathered competition from generic drug makers better than analysts had expected., Meanwhile, SUVs, with their spacious interiors and muscular frames, have overtaken most other vehicle segments in sales growth. Sales grew 18 percent to 441,600 units in the first quarter compared with the first three months of 2011, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, even as total vehicle sales declined 3.4 percent over the same period because of the nation's sluggish economy., "It's a growing trend that allows them to put more rifles on the street without the expense to the county or city budget," he said., MICDS went ahead 3-1 in the fifth inning. With one out, Adam Putnam was plunked by a Jasiek pitch with the bases loaded. With two gone, a first-pitch ball in the dirt allowed Collin Palmer to score to make it a two-run game., Kansas City and Overland Park police made several drunk-driving arrests with a sobriety checkpoint and saturation patrol Saturday night and Sunday morning., Manhattan? Meet Kick-Ass., "Quite honest, we needed a big game out of him, right?" Sutter said. "The style of game we play, our goaltender has got to be good too. We've tried to give our players more freedom and our goalie has got to be good for us.", Toyota<U+0092>s sales increased 15.4%, as the automaker seeks to capitalize on its fuel-efficient reputation. Prius sales hit an all-time high, growing 54.3%, after the small Prius c and plug-in hybrid versions made their first appearances at dealerships last month. Prius outsold the Corolla in the U.S. for the first month ever. Hyundai and Nissan both had their best months ever in the U.S., "I wasn't very confident," he said., Unless the steal started in the summer before Craft's freshman season at Ohio State, when during pickup games he guarded former Buckeye, and now NBA, point guard Mike Conley Jr. and hoped to stay with him 60 percent of the time., Nearshore bottom fishing has been producing good catches of rockfish and lingcod out of the Port of Brookings., The Fairfield store - the grand opening is scheduled for June 2 - plans to play a major role in the community, according to Guiliana., Cumbersome as the new series name may seem, Edmunds smiled when an interviewer noted that it's easier to imagine a high-rolling philanthropist donating an eight-digit sum to put his or her name in front of the words "Center for the Art of Performance at UCLA" than in front of "UCLA Live", This story of a team is mostly about Rush, a high school hoops star who was cut from her team and who, in coaching the Macs, settled scores with the coach who didn't value her talents. One wishes that Chambers had more gracefully integrated the stories of the individual players into this celebration of Rush., And the session goes on., The center will be different than MetroHealth’s 16 other health centers that span the county from Beachwood to Westlake. It will provide primary care but also include an urgent care center and a slew of specialties such as cardiology, orthopedics, dermatology and obstetrics and gynecology., Beck estimates he's sent out more than 600 résumés and had 25 interviews in nearly two years. No luck. He and other long-term unemployed are evidence that the longer you're out of a job, the harder it often is to find one., Go ahead and give Howard exactly what he wants as this Dwightmare of a season spins toward its dysfunctional, farcical conclusion. Let's face it, Dwight is already the new CEO of the team and the de facto general manager, so why not make him player-coach as well?, But in a nearly two-hour debate, Republicans were joined in their criticism of Senate Bill 1 by Democrat Cheri Jahn of Wheat Ridge, who said it was unfair to small businesses. Colorado Democrats have touted the bill as the centerpiece of their job-creation agenda this year., Dalton James Kotlin, In the second floor apartment firefighters found the woman, who is in her 60s, with extensive burns covering 90 percent of her body. She was taken by ambulance to Cook County Medical Examiner's office where she remains Thursday morning., "And here it is another betrayal coming soon.", No Oregon company has held an initial public stock offering in nearly seven years, and a long string of promising Silicon Forest companies have moved away in search of talented employees and better funding opportunities., But unlike many of those heartbreakers, the Blazers had their chances Friday night. Unlike they last time they visited on Feb. 20, the Blazers withstood an early punch to the gut by the Lakers -- who led 30-19 after the first quarter -- and gave their bitter rivals all they could handle., Next: Robert Wagner (April 17, 4:30 p.m. @ Long Island City), Judge Dick Ambrose ordered attorneys on June 2 to refrain from making any public statements regarding the case. Violators could be thrown in jail for the duration of the trial, the judge threatened., Likewise, Mr. Romney hopes to curtail Russian authority by "implement(ing) a strategy that will seek to discourage aggressive or expansionist behavior on the part of Russia and encourage democratic political and economic reform." He doesn't say precisely how he could possibly put Russia in that position. Presumably he's just going to ask nicely., Instead of pitching against Oakland on Wednesday, Zito pitched against minor leaguers in a simulated game in hopes of building his confidence., Long-term unemployment -- at least 27 weeks -- has persisted in Ohio and nationally. In December, the long-term unemployed represented 42.5 percent of all jobless workers. Ohio's current figure is about the same., Gloriana, for Brazil, Paranagua from, But while one of the three was convicted, Saenz and the other co-defendant posted bail of only $7,500 apiece, and vanished., Fashionista5050, Chiarelli said he is “not inclined” to trade a goalie — Thomas — but you can bet he will explore precisely that. He’d be nuts not to. Thomas has one year left on his contract, with a $5 million cap hit but just $3 million salary. His no-trade/no-movement clause is gone as of July 1., Since they were 19-year-olds coming onto the scene in the 1960s, garage band The Sonics have been loudly roaring their way into the hearts of rock fans all over the world., There was optimism the sophomore forward would return late in the season after wrist surgery, but it never happened., o"It is frustrating to score a goal when you work hard in front of the net, when you push it in but it doesn't count, it is kind of frustrating," Nashville defenseman Roman Josi said. "You just have to stay with it and do the same things over and over again.", Honors: New Jersey Super Lawyers 2005-2007, This time, though, our work was done. Our Diamond Jim quota had been satisfied., And at a summit of world leaders in South Korea last week, China, Germany, Brazil and other countries complained that the Fed's plan would give U.S. exporters a competitive price edge by flooding world markets with dollars. A weaker dollar makes U.S. goods more attractive to foreign buyers., But it says just as much about Pittsburgh’s depth on the line as it does about Essex’s successful diet that he was lining up as the No. 2 left tackle in practice the day he returned to the team., DB Clayton Hamai, sr., Washington, The Super Tuesday contests are shaping up into a major showdown between Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum, both of whom strained for an edge in Ohio Monday and braced for today's primaries and caucuses., The ancestry show helps actress Helen Hunt trace her roots, leading her to San Francisco., "In those days, no one was paid until the project was finished," Donzis told the San Antonio Express-News in 1999, and he needed a paycheck. Desperation, often the mother of invention, led Donzis to his first Thomas Edison moment. To speed up construction, he invented an X-ray system that quickly found leaks and flaws in the pipeline. He secured the patent in 1963., Neither would Tracey say what it was about Karr's e-mails that distinguished them from the scores of others he receives regularly. And he repeatedly refused to talk about Karr himself, or what he knew of him., It's a lovely room with big windows, but the unfortunate focal point is a giant kitchen gadget crammed too close to the ceiling. Part of ambience is the energy in the room, and more of that is needed in the evenings., Star Wars Night with Fathead giveaway to first 10,000., Herrera, a Yorba Linda resident, was arrested in late October. At that time, authorities accused him of stabbing his mother, Raquel Estrada, 53, and older brother, Juan Herrera, 34, to death inside their Yorba Linda home., Another way to think of that encroachment average is to look at your property. If it's like mine, a quarter of an acre would more than double your little slice of Orange County., Besides, the real show is taking place to his left. In recovery from both alcohol abuse and cancer, Eddie Van Halen remains one of rock's wonders to behold, reeling off impossibly fleet-fingered solos and chunky power chords, still cracking his trademark smile as if his six-string pyrotechnics were no big deal. Though it was placed just before the finale, his dazzling solo spotlight was the show's musical and emotional epicenter., View full sizeBen UngerBen Unger, 36, grew up on a family farm south of Cornelius, graduated from Hillsboro High School and the University of Oregon, and now runs a political consulting firm. Unger got his start with the student chapter of OSPIRG, then moved to Chicago to manage a national voter registration campaign that targeted young voters. He returned to Oregon in 2007 to work on the Yes on 49 campaign, the voter-approved measure that restored protections for farms and forest land (including his family's farm), and later managed John Kroger's campaign for Oregon attorney general and the Senate Democrats' campaign fund., Ardra Zinkon, director of Lighting at Tec Inc. Engineering + Design, was awarded the GE Edison award for Excellence in Environmental Design for lighting design of the Farmer School of Business at Miami University of Ohio., “And just because it’s April 15 isn’t a reason to allow players to behave that way at this time of year or for the league to be lenient when they do. Players are still at risk.”, The Jones brothers perceived a business opportunity and wanted to exploit Jake's intuition for putting things together., "We were going to use the Goodyear Blimp to create support for the company," White said. "We wanted to summon pride from the community -- and we wanted to emphasize that we were a distinctly American company.", Restivo, who said many clients are fathers behind in child support desperately looking for work, railed: "Running this program has taught me a tough lesson -- that Clevelanders lavish attention on the quirkiest of causes, but won't donate a dollar to help fathers trying to reconnect with their children.", A similar device might have helped keep the dizzying array of characters straight. When a lumbering George Clooney first appears as Bob Barnes, we could use a tag saying that he's a CIA operative who's lost his cool from being left out in the cold too long and, as his expanding waistline attests, needs to stop gorging on French fries. For Matt Damon, it could read opportunistic energy expert who backs a reform-minded member of a royal family in an oil-rich Persian Gulf country instead of his malleable idiot brother, the favorite of American business interests., Strauss-Kahn lawyers William Taylor and Benjamin Brafman, meanwhile, said he and his family were grateful for prosecutors' decision., "It happens in surrounding states more frequently," Nadeau said., He speaks of Watts and Compton as one, as the two districts butt against one another in South Central Los Angeles, with Compton the more southern neighborhood, dwarfing Watts in size., Brickowski said he's studied the parallels between retired athletes and retired military personnel. "I had a high-ranking military officer tell me, 'The higher the ranking, the more difficult the transition.' And that's the same with professional basketball. As soon as you retire, no one could care less about you.", Eva Restaurant: Genial chef-owner Mark Gold is ready to feed the hungry with omelets with roasted shiitake and heirloom tomatoes but quickly gets into heartier stuff — prime steak with eggs, roasted potatoes and salsa verde, or even a grass-fed prime burger with all the fixings. Er, that would be more for a late brunch, no? A bit lighter: eggs, bacon and avocado sandwich on pain de mie. To drink: The bar makes an heirloom tomato spicy Mary. Or if you really sleep in and can't make brunch, consider Sunday family dinner, which starts at 4 p.m., A: I grew up on Jerome Bettis, just the way he was moving defenses. ... Fell in love with Ben Roethlisberger, and Bill Cowher, and how they just kept the tradition of winning and they kept doing things right, and it was just unbelievable to watch., Cody Grimm isn't against being drafted by the Cardinals, but if it happens, he knows he might have more position coaches than any other rookie strong safety., Trust me, the moralist in me would love to see the Tigers either release Young or bench him until this whole mess is over. He may be innocent until proven guilty in a court of law, but he<U+0092>s undoubtedly guilty of terrible judgment at a time when his team needs him badly. But we don<U+0092>t get to be the judge and the jury. We can certainly pass judgment and we<U+0092>ve heard plenty of people do that over the last 72 hours. But we don<U+0092>t get to read a police report and leap to the preposterous conclusion that the Tigers should "do the right thing:"" and dump Young immediately. In fact, if MLB determines that he<U+0092>s clear to play, he should be back in the lineup as soon as Jim Leyland wants him there., As former student of a number of very fine nuns, it grieves me to see members of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious treated by bishops as if they were their property., Minton put the chance of rain at 30 percent on Thursday and continuing through the weekend., The renewal of Waikiki's hotels — many of which were looking rather dated if not shabby at the start of the last decade — has continued as steadily as the surf sweeping the shoreline. Although not the very first wave of remodels, the reopening of Waikiki's magnificently restored and renovated grande dame, the Royal Hawaiian, happened to coincide with the inauguration of the first U.S. president from Hawaii, which only magnified the surge of island pride in the area. The Royal Hawaiian also now shares a water playground with the Sheraton Waikiki, which later added its own dazzling, adults-only infinity-edge pool and offers even more bedazzling views from its new club lounge, formerly the Hanohano Room., University Hospitals' study on three-dimensional digital mammography, or tomosynthesis, is open to women ages 35 and older who have never been diagnosed with breast cancer and who have never had a biopsy. The test is being offered at the UH Chagrin Highlands Health Center breast center for women already getting a regular mammogram screening, or women who have had an abnormal mammogram and who plan to have a biopsy. For information, call the UH Chagrin Highlands Health Center at 216-292-1783., But in a memo that sets out the committee's task, FDA staffers underscore that Contrave just barely satisfied the principal standard of effectiveness the agency laid out in 2007 as a benchmark for judging diet drugs, and warned that Contrave has the potential to raise blood pressure in many who take it., Votava was recently voted 2010 Swimmer of the Year by the Missouri Athletic Club. She earned the honor by making the Olympic Trials Standard in the 100 and 200 freestyle events. She went 56.46 seconds in the 100 free long course and recorded a 2:02.91 in the, The Edwardsville girls basketball team has had more trouble with the super-sectional round than the St. Louis Rams have had with trying to find a top-flight wide receiver., I think the way you approach her is as a little fat woman who was the cook and who happened to be in the guise of a teapot for the purposes of an animated movie by the Disney Studios. Consequently you attack it purely as a whole person, not that she's made of china or that she's breakable but that she's a little busy, fat, overweight lady who's a bit of a charmer, who cares very much about her little boy and is a strong member of the workforce at the castle. You play a whole person., Some well-known U.S. companies lean heavily on Europe, according to data from Howard Silverblatt, S&P's senior index analyst. McDonald's and Kraft Foods get roughly a third of revenue from Europe. For health care behemoths Johnson & Johnson and Pfizer, the region counts for a quarter., The team netted $1,500 in prize money and will go on to compete at the televised, three-day National Guard FLW College Fishing Conference Championships later this year., Rickhoff took over early last season for starter Brandon Book, who missed the bulk of the campaign for the second straight year with injury. Short hopes to utilize the experience Rickhoff gained as a sophomore., "And I said, ÔSir, right here it indicates there was a death. It's automatic,'" Margarita Rodriguez said., Meanwhile, old Hollywood continued to appear on the show. It was a one-of-a-kind clash of cultures. Season 1 guests include Julie Newmar, Al Lewis, Rose Marie, Charlie Callas, Bobby Sherman, Vic Tayback, Jerry Colonna, Vincent Gardenia, Richard Kiel, Carl Ballantine and Ned Glass. As a gun-wielding gangster, Lon Chaney Jr. lampoons his "Of Mice and Men" role of Lenny. Ben Wright, the hissable Nazi who menaces the Von Trapps in "The Sound of Music," appears as Davy's grandfather., Early on, Gryphon opened five new Joe's stores, including two near Seattle and a much-anticipated location in Boise. Gryphon -- sticking to a rather typical private equity strategy -- had drawn down Joe's coffers by the end of the 2007., On his way to work one Wednesday, he drove to the bridge instead. "It was, Married to wife Paula for 24 years, he's father to Amy Dharmani,, -- Jim Allsup, founder and CEO of Allsup, Belleville, Ill., Men's College Basketball-Ohio State at South Carolina, 11 a.m. (ESPN); Miami vs. Florida Atlantic, 11 a.m. (FXSP); Alabama A&M at Michigan, 11 a.m. (Big 10 Network); Butler vs. Purdue, 1 p.m. (CBS); Temple at Texas, 1:30 p.m. (ESPN2); Florida vs. Texas A&M, 1:30 p.m. (FXSP); Memphis at Louisville or Gonzaga vs. Arizona, 3 p.m. (CBS); Notre Dame vs. Indiana, 3:30 p.m. (ESPN2); Mississippi at Southern Mississippi, 3:30 p.m. (FXSP); Nevada-Las Vegas at Illinois, 4 p.m. (Big 10 Network); Appalachian State at North Carolina, 5 p.m. (ESPNU); Syracuse at North Carolina State, 5:30 p.m. (ESPN2); Minnesota Crookston at Augustana, 6 p.m. (Midco Sports Net); Bowling Green at Michigan State, 6 p.m. (Big 10 Network); Houston vs. Oklahoma, 7 p.m. (ESPNU); Drake at Iowa, 8 p.m. (Big 10 Network); Alabama vs. Kansas State, 9 p.m. (ESPNU); Georgia at Southern California, 9:30 p.m. (FXSP); New Mexico vs. Oklahoma State, 9:30 p.m. (ESPN2), <U+0095> Nutrition: Tomatoes retain most of their vitamins when canned. One cup of raw diced tomatoes has about 32 calories. Tomatoes are high in vitamins A and C as well as antioxidants. In particular, tomatoes are very high in lycopene, which helps repair cell damage and protect the body against cancer., "Both teams have lots at stake right now," Blues coach Ken Hitchcock said. "They want to make amends for their season, and we want to prove that we belong in the playoffs.", Let us not go too far. Let us not get overly carried away. The pope may call the LCWR "radical," but that's a bit like the NRA calling a guy with only nine shotguns a liberal. It's a relative scale, to be sure. They are still wildly devout Catholics; their radicalism, in the larger view, is about as extreme as ordering a glass of wine at a NASCAR rally., Thing is, I think the Ducks are extremely talented. I believe they have ridiculous depth. And they have glue-guys like York who hold things together. They're also playing a wicked scheme. Even playing a neutral-field opener against No. 4 LSU, I can't reasonably pick against the Ducks in any week., The implementation of a commercial composting program will depend in part on how many participants sign on. Matt Hernandes of Waste Management Inc. said his company is already working with nearby Jewel food stores, and if enough restaurants or other businesses in a centralized area start composting, it makes sense for the company to expand a route or add a new one., "It's rough," he said., To save his business, Ike turns to mobster Ben “The Butcher” Diamond (Danny Huston, “X-Men Origins: Wolverine”)., "We have very limited space on which we can build," said park spokesman Scott Gediman. "So for us it's always a question of if we can build.", 12++1997++June 28 (vs. Milwaukee) to July 13 (vs. Chicago)++July 14 (vs. Milwaukee), One Population Center employee spends about half the year going around the world cajoling officials in other countries into sharing sometimes crumbling census and survey data., Store blueberries in the refrigerator, and wash them just before using. They'll keep in the refrigerator for five to seven days, or you can place them in sealed plastic bags in the freezer. Use in recipes straight from the freezer., If you owe between $25,001 and $50,000, you would have to submit a basic financial statement on Form 433-A or Form 433-F to qualify., After agonizing over his decision for a few minutes, Goetz finally made the call. Vogel was bluffing with Qc 8d, and Goetz doubled up., "I just have to get my arms wrapped around some more friends out there, so that I can have some more people that want to work with me and go to the front because I've got a fast car," Patrick said., That element of uncertainty appeals to a television audience, LPGA commissioner Michael Whan said. The unpredictability and the easy-to-follow format provided a spike in the tour’s TV ratings last year, which led him to believe there was something to bringing it back year after year., And that’s just for U.S.-based companies with annual sales of more than $1 billion. Among manufacturers who make $10 billion or more a year, 48% of executives said they want to relocate operations back home., Q: Florida's hottest ever temperature is 109. What is North Dakota's?, Nearly 16 years later, as I stood staring at the calendar, worry slunk into my soul., The first iteration of the Man Cave was a darker, more cramped space than the current one. Driven by a need to tinker, Ladine turned his closet into a miniature workshop, a conversion that was discovered when he asked if there were any extra cupboards to store his belongings., A lot of angst from Ducks fans, wondering what it means, and whether Kelly really would give up his lucrative contract in order to coach in the NFL., The first event on Nov. 30 was the 110-meter hurdles. Take a look on YouTube sometime: Campbell covered it in 14 seconds flat, with a smooth efficiency that could only be described as machine-like. That time, in fact, would have been good enough to earn the bronze in the open event., 12 Fourth St (between Market and Mission streets), San Francisco; (415) 348-1555 or www.fifthfloor, 3. Big 12 3.3 54 87-53 .621 52, --Most of all, be flexible. Don't fly on the days that are busiest for business travel — Fridays and Mondays — because you may pay higher prices; stay at business destinations when the business folks have gone home for the weekend; and go in the off-season, because it's never the wrong season for saving money., "After dark this park is used for all sorts of things besides birding," Eric Gyllenhaal said., One of the biggest obstacles was "convincing people that patient care and quality care is a team sport," Cioffi said. "Physicians and other caregivers, to a certain extent are trained to be individualists.", Brian Ketterer, Orange Coast area superintendent for California State Parks, said the rally, which took place on state park property, "was peaceful; they were very well-organized.", New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said he would seek triple damages in the case, dinging Sprint for $300 million., But the CRA is now maxed out and has no more credit available to issue bonds. The city's overall financial health is good, but the Dyer administration won't issue bonds linked to the general budget that pays for services such as police and fire protection., The City Council landmarked "historic elements" of Wrigley in 2004 as part of an agreement that paved the way for 12 more night games. The designation covered the exterior and marquee sign at Clark and Addison, the quaint center field scoreboard and ivy-covered brick walls and the uninterrupted sweep of the bleachers and grandstand., "I think we calmed down," he said. "I think nerves kind of got to us in the beginning. But we got a lot of energy from our bench.", <U+0093>The continued availability of this data is crucial to patient safety and research aimed at informed public policy decisions concerning malpractice, tort reform, peer review, and medical licensing. There simply is no substitute for the NPDB Public Use Data File if this vital research is to be continued,<U+0094> the letter said., You can tell yourself it wasn’t supposed to be this way. But Levert refuses to play that game., “We’re working on it. It won’t be early in the week,” he said, adding that the plan might not be ready until next week., Much akin to sister sport dodgeball, kickball is the just the latest childhood pastime turned competitive adult sport to hit the scene. And like dodgeball, it's gaining in popularity as the game is adapted for competitive adult play, but the over-arching goal is to be social and have fun., "They're closing us, but they're keeping open a Mexican plant and a Canadian plant," said Yolanda Mallett, a worker at a Chrysler factory in Sterling Heights that's expected to close in 2010. "Our tax dollars went toward this process. We feel that is wrong.", "I've been around a lot of young quarterbacks," Schottenheimer said during a conference call with reporters Tuesday afternoon. "I think he has a chance to be really special.", The sometimes poignant story touches on themes of existentialism ("Who am I?" Rango asks more than once) and environmental abuse., Mayor Alicia Aguirre said the new homes and the residents they will bring are all a part of the city's revitalization efforts., Ultimately, the division's goal is to link all kinds of historic records in an integrated search tool—including, for example, a historic Google map woven with photos, newspaper articles, business directory information and family diaries, said Ben Vershbow, manager of NYPL Labs., At Don Bosco alone, where the assistants were in place to secure Leonte Carroo, a four-star wide receiver, and woo Darius Hamilton, one of the top recruits in the nation, Schiano’s departure is already evident. Hamilton was leaning toward Rutgers, Toal said, but now that’s uncertain as he takes an official visit to Miami today. Carroo, committed for months, is now openly looking around and will accompany his teammate., David Rosner, The incident -- in which Romney reportedly cut the hair of a student who was presumed to be gay while others held him down -- and Romney's apology for it has drawn a variety of responses from political commentators on either side of the spectrum., Brown, in his January budget proposal, said he would agree to a 4 percent annual increase over three years for UC. The governor's spokesman, H.D. Palmer, declined to update that figure before the release of the governor's new budget on Monday., Music executive shot Friday, Unmatched coverage, "Our biggest dilemma is too many bags," he said. "People are carrying more and (the bags) are more condensed.", The peak came in 2002, just as Sarbanes-Oxley was rewriting the rules, with 80 public companies vying for a Star 50 ranking. We've been skating close to the 50 edge for years, as company after company left the fold. Last year's ranking compared 52 companies., What makes this patch of the Mission so special is how well this mishmash of old and new thrives together. One of the newest is the brick-and-mortar outpost for Wise Sons Jewish Delicatessen - an enterprise that follows Pal's Takeaway a few blocks away - and one of the pioneers of the new wave, Philz Coffee, where Phil Jaber has been blending coffee since 2003., The Griffins moved to Antelope last year from Southern California, and Spencer transferred to American River College from community colleges he had attended in Glendale and Pasadena., That was the smart idea behind 2010’s “Buried” – a gritty little Ryan Reynolds movie which, unfortunately tanked. Now it’s the ideas behind “Brake,” a grimy little Stephen Dorff movie., “This is a first step to being able to do a lot more things globally,” said Richardson, who played 17 years in the NFL and is a member of the union’s executive committee. “Right now, we do have games in London, but even then, a lot of people around the world don’t understand how big our game is. Doing forums, education, even simple things like saying, ‘Here is a football, here is what the game looks like,’ showing how to put pads on -- the more you do things like that, the greater reach it has. One day football might be an Olympic sport, who knows?”, "It makes sense," McEvoy said, "that the person who has been running that business would be given the opportunity to run Key.", That's the way Sale was -- bubbly but not a showoff., Lifestyle truck owners, people who either tow boats or own trucks because they like them, will also be good candidates. Spinella said those are the buyers who typically select the up-market Lariat and King Ranch version of the trucks anyway., Dr. Harold "Hal" Kennedy sued the newspaper over three articles it published in 2003 about Kennedy's departure from a position at a Veterans Affairs medical center near Tampa, Fla., What can you tell me about the reporter? Injuries? Damage?, Ron Matuszak, Pleasanton, Bollwage said the owner’s of the building, doing business as 891 Newark Associates, is paying for demolition equipment to be brought to the scene to help firefighters gain closer access. He said the machinery should be on site by early next week, after the Christmas holiday., “This is my fifth feature. Listen, I’m just fortunate to keep working. Let’s say I’m still waiting to get hot.”, One sicced his Doberman on Pearce. Pearce clubbed the animal with his flashlight. As he struggled with the dog's owner, another kid grabbed Pearce's .357 Magnum and aimed., LaMarcus Aldridge has big-time value. He'd be the bargaining chip most likely to bring a major shift. And his game isn't strong enough to make him untouchable., “The point for me is that this is an instrument, and people are able to identify my own tunes and my conception of music in it,” Metheny said. “Imagine a gas gauge — all the way to the left is a blank piece of paper, all the way to the right is a fully complete musical score. A lot of that’s done by my feet.”, Then, the Revel team experienced a tragedy of their own when a plane crash in summer 2008 took the lives of several colleagues, according to Cettina., Well, two out of three ain’t bad. Elsenhans did expend a lot of capital bulking up the Sunoco Logistics Partners network. Arguably, it is why Energy Transfer Partners is willing to pay billions for Sunoco now., The task force will also be in charge of informing voters about the city's water system and will then report back to the council later this year on its findings. The results of the survey and the task force's recommendations will likely influence a council vote this summer on whether a water system-related ballot measure appears before voters in November., Moreover, MLB probably didn't want the Dodgers and Chavez Ravine to be in the middle of Kroenke's potential maneuvering for an NFL franchise in Los Angeles., "He completely transformed the way we think," said Fred Sainz, vice president of communication for Gill, and saw that the organization could have a greater effect focusing on the state rather than the federal level., In an interview with POLITICO, King promised to interrogate Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, Attorney General Eric Holder, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton and Border Patrol Chief Michael Fisher about enforcement of immigration laws., Why are these towing horror stories occurring far less often inside the Portland city limits?, Bylsma has had no answers for anything other than to make the daring decision to take Crosby off the first power-play unit for Game 2 and the start of Game 3. When you start messing with the best player in the world like that, you had better be right. Bylsma hasn't been so far. That's the type of failed strategy that could shorten his stay as Penguins coach., - Martha Fruechte, First, and perhaps foremost, is the timing of the hospital's accusations that I implanted stents in patients who did not need them. These charges, which originated from someone within the hospital community, conveniently surfaced as St. Joseph Medical Center and its Denver-based owner Catholic Health Initiatives (CHI) was entangled in a federal investigation of misconduct between them and MidAtlantic Cardiovascular Associates. As my troubles became front-page news, St. Joseph Medical Center moved to the back page., Some students need immediate attention in the classroom that has nothing to do with missing homework. They show up hungry, distracted by a difficult weekend or sometimes not properly bathed, which easily draws ridicule., -- Greg Burnett, Rachel Greer was scared., Q Investments said in its filing this week with the Securities and Exchange Commission that separating the jobs of CEO and chairman "would distribute some of the concentrated power that Mr. Kinzel currently has., Rubin says your best bet is to videotape whatever is going on so your veterinarian can see it. Your cat could have a gastric reflux issue, a diaphragmatic hernia, or who knows, he could simply be gulping water, then belching. True hiccups are unlikely., Brunswick’s Cassi Bowen and Erica Eubank showed some regular season chemistry as the two Blue Devil teammates combined for eight points in the opening quarter to give the West the lead after the first eight minutes, 19-14., Since the camping trip, I've found the mat is good for keeping pet hair off of a chair and for keeping the pets comfy around the house. I have also brought it to outdoor yoga class for Koko to sit on while she keeps me company., The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn — Part 1 (PG-13) Summit (117 min.), The Lorain City Schools have seen poverty rates jump to 86 percent from 75 percent in the last three years. Two-thirds of students in Euclid's public schools are now impoverished., Hawi: The hub of lush North Kohala on the Big Island is Hawi, a three-block stretch of storefronts where mountain-hugging Highway 250 and the coastal Highway 270 intersect. It was once home to the Kohala Sugar Co., drawing Filipinos, Chinese and Japanese to work in the mills. Their free time was often spent at the area’s range of temples, churches and chapels. The last mill closed in 1975 and the elderly, former sugar workers now share the town with artists, balding hippies and other end-of-the-road types who have opened galleries and coffeehouses. The mix of locals has changed, but the pace is still languid., Tribune reporters Dahleen Glanton, Antonio Olivo and William Mullen met our Tuesday lunch guests while reporting a series of stories on the foreclosure crisis in the Englewood neighborhood., "I think it's been an evolutionary process of respecting and learning to appreciate the fact that, regardless of whether an individual understands the nature of the relationships and the situation, that it really comes down to basic equity and fairness for a human being," he said., Last year, 2.9 million of the 3.4 million people who visited the park arrived between June 1 and Oct. 1. July alone drew 907,000 visitors -- which is why my husband and I made the trip two months earlier., Tai Rowlette's money problems mounted this year until she and her children were facing life on the street because they could no longer afford their apartment. Rowlette -- who was unemployed and unable to find work -- had little money and no family to fall back on. Frantic, she researched Portland-area shelters, but found none that would accept her and her daughters, ages 5 and 2., WRONG: If you're going to eat at your desk, leave the food there; don't carry it around while shopping., "We understand the hotel's significance to the region, and especially to the city of Dearborn," Royal said. "We are optimistic about the metro Detroit region, and we look forward to making this a successful long-term investment for all involved.", Rated: R for some violent content and brief sexuality., But the figures come with a big grain of salt; scientists only had solid data for 65 countries. For the 128 others, they used modeling to come up with their estimates., Koster, a state senator from Harrisonville, is advertising heavily in St. Louis and Kansas City., Tight ends go down, "The Mission is Remission!" Pat declared that day a year ago., "I think there will be clamor with the abortion issue to make it clear," Thompson said. "Somebody on the left could very well decide to run it up the flagpole.", The team with the top record in the majors tries to make it seven straight wins tonight as the Tampa Bay Rays entertain the Oakland Athletics in the second of a three-game set at Tropicana Field., Manning ultimately decided the overall fit was perfect., Education is key to a strong workforce, so we support the innovative dual enrollment agreement between Gloucester County College and Rowan that will allow local students to attend both schools. They can earn a four-year degree at a relatively low cost and graduate from a highly accredited university., "I'm not saying it was the only thing, but I am saying it was a key factor," Mannix said. "You just watch crime drop off the cliff in 1995. That was dramatic...I'd say the public safety story for Oregon is we're having success, so let's celebrate.", The case, Chaidez v. United States, is the situation of a legal immigrant who faces deportation because she was involved in an insurance fraud scheme. She arrived in the U.S. in the 1970s from Mexico and became a legal resident in 1977. In 2003 she was charged with mail fraud after being involved in an insurance fraud scheme. The case is based on her claim that her lawyer failed to advise her about the risk of deportation if she pled guilty. The court will consider the case in the term beginning Oct. 1., Contestants will perform a solo recital for an audience and a jury composed of laureates of the Cleveland International Piano Competition. The event, starting at 2 p.m., is free and open to the public. It will be broadcast at 8 p.m. Monday, May 7 on WCLV FM/104.9. For more information call 216-707-5397., It raises the question: Is the Blazers' depth a blessing or a curse for McMillan?, TV footage showed wreckage that included parts of what looked like an engine and a wing against the wall of a small building. Rescuers worked in the dark, with many using flashlights as they combed the area. Fleets of ambulances arrived later, their lights flashing in the gloom., The issue led Lori into a fight in which he again argued against government intrusion into religious affairs. The bishop battled to keep pretrial documents related to sex-abuse cases — which dated from before his tenure in Bridgeport — from being made public. Lori tried to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court a Connecticut state court order that would open the records, but the high court declined a motion to seal them., Word, like many victims, said Moskop had befriended him. Word said he even invited Moskop to his wedding reception., 4. Placer, 3. Art. The town's rich art scene started in, MAMIE McBRIDE, 79, Orlando, died Thursday. Mitchell's Funeral Home, Orlando., Dippin' Dots also is sold in Canada, Europe, South Korea, Brazil, Japan and Australia, Jones said, and the company plans to expand further internationally under the new ownership., The proxy also said Ecolab's political action committee is funded by voluntary contributions from employees and that its contributions are determined by a board made up mostly of executives from the company's business units., In June, the Commission proposed a 5 percent increase in current spending under the next program, which runs from 2014 to 2020, taking the total to almost 1 trillion euros., "To have consistent courtesy rules that are clear to all users is really important," said Brooks., Kudos to DeWine for acting in the public interest., Fair-goers can bring their frogs to jump or use one of about 400 frogs housed in "frog condos," said fair spokeswoman Laurie Giannini., But paperwork from the Ohio Secretary of State's office shows that Hayes set up a company called "The Stage of Cleveland" on Sept. 20, 2010, and listed Ward as an officer. Hayes also registered a company called "Hayes-Ward & Associates" in July and listed Ward as an officer., “A very, very efficient passer,” UO coach Chip Kelly said Tuesday in his weekly formal news conference. “He doesn’t turn the ball over very often, and it really seems that he has a great command of what is a very diverse offense. They do a lot of different things on offense. But to do a lot of different things, you have to have a guy pulling the trigger that understands it.”, The judge said he did not believe Blagojevich's contention, as his lawyers wrote in briefings, that his comments about the corruption schemes were simply "musings." Zagel said the jury concluded and he agreed that Blagojevich was engaged in actual schemes, and the undeniable leader of those schemes., "We've been trying to figure that out as well," says Pam Johnson, director of consumer communications for the National Pork Board. "There's no documented history that we know of.", "Bed-wetters of all ages suffer more than their parents or pediatrician may know," says clinical psychologist Lyle Danuloff. "Children as young as 5 often live with feelings of fear of discovery, shame, low self-esteem and feeling different.", Murphy reported from Lake Tapps and Sahagun from Norwood., Besides the most-publicized proposals, the plan would continue other programs such as enhanced tuition tax credits for college and breaks for businesses that hire new workers. And it would set the estate tax at a rate preferred by Republicans., subcommittee did confirm that they have asked the department to consider eliminating the elementary, middle and high school writing assessments among other cuts., A fielder's choice loaded the bases again before Underwood crunched a 3-2 single into center scoring two runs. The Panthers added two more in the fifth on a two-run, two-out single by sophomore Taylor Bowlby., "We're doing the same amount of mileage and the same amount of everything,," Rupp said. "To go through something with somebody like that and make it out, it gives you a lot of confidence. And he's a really good guy, too. He's so laid back. We're real similar.", Gervais, funnier than last year, went blue early with some Hugh Hefner sex jokes and noted that "it was a big year for 3-D movies. It seemed like everything this year was three-dimensional. Except for the characters in 'The Tourist.' ", Dear Laurie: Café O'Lei was happy to share their recipe for this smooth custard with rich coffee flavor. These desserts are perfect for company; bake them ahead and chill in the refrigerator until ready to serve, then brulee as needed. Mahalo!, The Shangri-La hotel, towering above Tokyo Station in the high-rent Marunouchi district, can make you feel like you’re floating on top of the world. The rooms, with $10,000 beds actually designed to make you feel like you’re floating, are on the top 11 floors of a 37-story building. We dine on the 29th floor at Nadaman, an outpost of a fine-dining chain (not at all an oxymoron in Tokyo) where we eat sea urchin chawanmushi egg custard and almost absurdly delicate wagyu beef., "We love, love, love our neighborhood, and we love our neighbors," Rebecca said. "This is what I always dreamt about for my kids.", Police found the car 10 minutes later at Beaubien and Philadelphia, but Bianca was missing., The man was not sleeping, but he was waiting for other employees to arrive to repair the bucket., Paul Bonhomme and Nigel Lamb, two British pilots finished one and two respectively, after a weekend of weaving and zooming through 65-foot pylons set on the Hudson River between Liberty State Park and Ellis Island., Heritage def. Pine Creek, 25-23, 11-25, 25-22, 21-25, 17-15, The Unitarian Universalist Church is generally considered to be a religion. Yet its website states "Diverse beliefs about the existence of a higher power are welcome in Unitarian Universalist congregations. Unitarian Universalists may be Atheists, Humanists, Christians, Pagans, or identify with other theological and philosophical traditions.", But the school is also deeply religious. Westminster's mission statement says that it 'strives to help develop the Christian mind and character of students." Those values are reinforced with chapel services each Wednesday and with required high school courses such as biblical ethics and New Testament Survey. Timothy Wiens, an assistant professor of education at Wheaton College in Illinois, said Westminster was considered a leader among faith-based schools striving to be deeply rigorous in academics., 929 MOYE SCHOOL RD $184,000, Amare Stoudemire is a game-time decision after taking part in the Knicks’ light practice Saturday. Woodson said Stoudemire was able to rebound and catch with his left hand, which is still covered by padding after he badly cut it punching a fire extinguisher case following Game 2., However, he was told that JCP&L does not believe the wall is required. Holt provided documentation that he said shows the DEP expects the wall to be built. The Township Committee agreed to send a letter to ask the DEP to verify that the wall is a requirement., Montrose's restlessness spilled over into his music. He dropped out of Van Morrison's band after helping record and tour "Tupelo Honey." He quit the Edgar Winter Group after the release of hits "Free Ride" and "Frankenstein." He even pulled apart his own band, firing Hagar after they made two classic rock albums together, 1973's "Montrose" and 1974's "Paper Money.", "To us, it's not a coincidence," he said. The reduction is "directly attributable to all the indictments handed down.'', "It would be very glamorous to be reincarnated as a big ring on Elizabeth Taylor's finger," Andy Warhol once mused about the woman who owned the 33-carat Krupp diamond ring — a gift from Burton that she wore daily. It broadcast to the world that she was a lady with an enormous lust for life., Only if patients can't tolerate a diuretic does the committee recommend ACE inhibitors, calcium channel blockers and beta-blockers as alternatives., Winning the World Series isn't worth what it once was to the Cardinals., But it also leaves a bitter taste in the mouth of some who say it’s not punishment enough., When debtors sue, collectors often settle quickly. In Minnesota, about 40 percent of all FDCPA lawsuits over the past decade were resolved within 90 days, a Star Tribune analysis of federal court data found., The 70-year-old doctor was charged with conspiring to kill Lee Abraham following a bizarre weekend incident in which two men suspected of planning to murder the lawyer showed up at his office, according to authorities and court documents. State agents who'd been tipped off to a possible murder-for-hire plot were waiting and gunfire broke out., I am the woman who has body dysmorphic disorder., "While Richard would love to be able to sit and enjoy a drink with all of our passengers, his schedule means that it simply isn't possible," Steve Ridgway, chief executive of Virgin Atlantic, told the British press., "The ECB has helped monetary expansion with its recent measures, but in my opinion, it should be more aggressive in the purchase of government and bank debt—that is, stronger European quantitative easing," Mr. Sáenz said at a banking conference., Garza, 19, was charged Monday with murder in the deaths of Trinka and Guinn., What might college basketball fans see? Our bracketologist peered into his crystal ball at five possibilities., What I knew about the Ethiopian famine owed to Sally Struthers commercials on late-night TV. Poignant spots that moved me to wince when mere babes with bellies swollen by fluid, not nourishing meals, materialized on the screen., Such is the "beginning" of the story of good news...incomplete, broken, a fragment., "We visited all the national parks," Lai said with a laugh. Born in 1925 in Chinatown, the eldest son of a paper son, he is the gregarious, unofficial dean of Chinese American history., 3700 Phillips Place, $57,000, Meanwhile, for those who aren't fond of Christmas Ale, and there are a few, neighboring suds spot Market Garden Brewery on West 25th Street will tap its "Festivus Ale" next week., Dorothy once again shone on the last morning of this leg of the journey , when the diner was closed hours before our arrival so the crew could get it packed away, an all too typical practice on Amtrak. She said she could bring us something from the diner. We selected biscuits, butter and honey, to which she added orange wedges (coffee and juice are always available in Amtrak sleepers), then set us up in an adjacent bedroom while she made up ours. The traverse through the Cascades while eating breakfast was a highlight, especially because we had passed Glacier National Park after dark., SHEA McCLELLIN: ‘‘Marginal weight-room strength - managed only 19 reps of 225 pounds on the bench press at the Combine. Has tweener traits - lacks ideal bulk and strength for a defensive end and lacks ideal flexibility and explosiveness for a linebacker. Overmatched by power - pinballed by double teams. Needs to improve pass-rush variety. Average edge burst at the top of his rush.'', The Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod announced the sale of 99.1 to Gateway Creative Broadcasting in October, and in May, the FCC approved the deal. On Wednesday, the church will hand over the signal's license to JOY., Pier 39, outside Building Q, Level One: Yes, the fruit at this outdoor spot, fashioned after a farmers' market, is expensive. But if you've got a hankering for something healthy and fresh to munch while wandering around, grab a peach, nectarine or mango. Or pick up a bunch of Ranier or Bing cherries, strawberries or grapes. Open May through September., The members of the task force have since its formation completed tours of all seven developmental centers. They have also taken testimony from advocates of both group homes and developmental centers, including Colletti, who spoke before the task force at a public hearing last month., Jump-start your holiday shopping at the Phoenix Center for the Arts show and sale from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 3. Handmade ceramics, glasswork, jewelry, holiday ornaments and much more by local artists will be on sale at 1202 N. Third St., Phoenix., In 2009-10, seven out of 10 students at risk of failing the state reading test passed after a year with the Minnesota Reading Corps, the largest state AmeriCorps program in the nation. Other states have taken note. Austin, Texas, replicated the program this year; next year, it will start in schools in D.C. and Denver., Also, if the Affton Fire District asks for a tax raise they will get my vote. Having such a wonderful service is a real bargain., The encampment consisted of 14 tents and 17 occupants and had settled in front of Doe Library after previously taking up space in front of Sproul Hall, the campus administration building. The campers were left alone for several days until Friday's 5 a.m. action., "For a lot less money upfront," Cohen said, "you have an opportunity to get a lot more out of it.", We've been down this road before, of course. Mexico's last World Cup team was highly regarded but underperformed, winning only once before bowing out in the round of 16 — for the fifth time in as many tries., Angie Fox has written four paranormal books in her Accidental Demon Slayer series., Ponderosa 021 000 02 — 5 12 1, ENGADINE -- A reward is being offered in the poaching of a wolf found fatally shot in late April in Mackinac County, the state Department of Natural Resources said Friday., Pounds used in Oregon in 2007: 41,948, Meanwhile, Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko made their first visit to evacuees Wednesday, appearing at a sports complex in Tokyo where several hundred people, many from near Fukushima, are taking shelter., “Donald believes in the importance of letting go of control, of being vulnerable, of facing the possibility of being hurt or of finding something very special,” Fishman adds., A: It has always been a goal of mine to be a head coach and have an opportunity to develop a team and we're there now. We're developing this team. Obviously, we have a ways to go but when I arrived here in Cleveland, we weren't that good either. But you can see changes were made and things were done the right way. Mike Brown came in and Danny Ferry made the right moves, and LeBron and his guys fell right into it. Those are the types of things we have to do with this team. I just want to be a part of that building and development process and see it come to fruition in the end., Surviving are his beloved wife, Antonia; two loving sons, Greg and Robert Jr.; his devoted daughter, Ara; his loving stepson, Frank Santos; two devoted grandchildren, Jeff and Mindy; four beloved great-grandchildren, Travis, Katana, Devin and Jordon; and two devoted sisters, Adrienne Parisi and Maryann Trotter., Two years earlier, the state board had voted to oppose national standards, curriculum and tests because they were worried national rules would "dumb down" high Missouri expectations. Shortly after Chris Nicastro was named the Missouri education commissioner, the state board voted to join., Playwright Marcus Gardley's "Dance of the Holy Ghosts," which had a reading at the Playwrights' Center in January, has been in the works for nearly 10 years., "We're in the process of transition now, and it's going to be awkward," Atlantis astronaut Rex Walheim said. "But we'll get to the other side and we'll have new vehicles., Being journalists ourselves, we know firsthand that all Oremus can afford is value wines. So we figured with five years of bargain hunting under his belt, he should be pretty good at it., The large crowds were in spite of reports of people in King County receiving robocalls falsely claiming the caucuses had been cancelled. The state party said it was investigating the source. Some caucuses ran longer than the noon cutoff time because of the big turnout, party spokesman Josh Amato said., Many scrub nurses might be confused. But Sandy Liptak knows how to speak Lytle., Jim Brown, who rolled up an even 100 yards to hike his season's output to 1,147, ripped four yards for the third touchdown. That culminated a 52-yard push and tackle Fred Williams was ejected after the score for unsportsmanlike conduct. The Bear veteran jabbed an elbow into Brown's face., Roughead, however, sought to focus on the positive elements of the relationship and declined to chastise China over the Impeccable incident. He acknowledged differing interpretations of international law - China claims the Impeccable had no right to operate within its exclusive economic zone - but said that professionalism and the safety of all ships and their crews was of primary importance., "It's all about contributing. I just do what I can to help the team win, because in the long run that 30 points didn't mean as much to me as the winning did., THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER: May I play devil's advocate for a moment?, A sampling of some of the controversies town councils have dealt with gives a clear indication of the difficulties, and downright dangers, of suburban life. In Ellisville, you might have to dodge an "atlatl," a modern version of a primitive spear used to hunt wildlife., British TV celebrity Steve Jones is the host of "The X Factor." Antonio "L.A." Reid and Nicole Scherzinger round out the judging panel. But it's the reteaming of Cowell and Abdul that has generated much of the buzz for the reality show carrying so much of Fox's fall hopes., "It's unfortunate I couldn't stay here, but I'm excited," Broussard said. "I got a lot of family in (Los Angeles), and it's a good situation.", The 2011 Class 1A state baseball tournament runs May 14-21., The homicide is the second in Plainfield this year., Peterson tore the anterior cruciate and medial collateral ligaments in his knee in a game Dec. 24 of last year., Since the attack, the 16-acre site, known as ground zero, has become a monument to the nation’s effort to deal with the scars and memorialize the dead., I know what you're thinking. A 10-year deal means what? Five years of harmony?, Bieber, in his first varsity season, opened the year as a starter. But after a few outings, he wound up in the bullpen., Nonetheless, Dykes was allowed to continue to spend time with the boys in the program, Clark said. McEwen contacted the parents of the 17 Scouts but "did nothing to warn the other parents of boys within Timur Dykes' reach and grasp," Clark said., Morrow won his last start, going 6 2/3 innings while surrendering seven hits and one run against Kansas City. He had given up 10 runs and five home runs his previous two games. Right-handed hitters are batting .297 against Morrow and left-handers .190. Morrow has struck out 19 in 13 innings in two victories against Seattle - both last season., Cuisine: Modern American with Italian, Mediterranean and French influences., Abby Frerotte saved all four shots she faced to earn the victory in goal for John Burroughs., Plain Dealer reporter Robert L. Smith and Associated Press writer David Crary contributed to this story., He might have a squeaky voice, might smudge marker on his nose and might morph into Bob the Tomato on occasion. But he's good. He cares. Genuinely., Koch said he explored whether Foster, who strongly opposed LNG terminals when he was executive director of Columbia Riverkeeper, gave legal advice regarding LNG that was unauthorized or deviated from advice given by Kroger or Associate Attorney General David Leith, the lead attorney on LNG matters., Myers notes there's still not a lot of evidence of cord-cutting, or people canceling subscriptions and just watching for free. "Yes, people want to watch content in all these places. There's a push by operators to offer more content online (with the cable industry's vaunted TV Everywhere concept), but you have to keep your subscription to do it.", But the truth is the demanding sacrifices of the past two years have been placed squarely on the shoulders of the middle-class and the poor., Police went to a bedroom and saw the older brother, supposedly the injured woman’s boyfriend. He told police the injured woman woke him by hitting him and he tried to defend himself by merely pushing her away., Starting to rebuild from Sunday's devastating tornado with no renter's insurance. Wondering if their duplex or apartment will be razed or repaired. Figuring out how to leave their newly acquired address in homeless shelters., It's wheels-up for the space shuttle Enterprise., The city wants to hire a consultant who would work with both city and employee union officials on devising a plan both sides could embrace that would lower the costs of health care, Young said., "We have a good series now.", ABA guests, Around the third level of play, I was moved to a new table that appeared to be somewhat softer than the ones I'd been seated at previously. There were three guys at the table who were unknown to me and didn't seem to be professionals, one being a talkative, middle-aged guy in Seat 6. He was constantly getting involved in big pots through loose play and constantly trying to talk to his opponents. Some engaged him and some declined, but he won many of the pots he played by making hand after hand., The Cardinals were going off spring reports as well, and heard that Greinke wasn't only successful in spring (2.82 ERA) but toying with a new pitch. Greinke threw at least 20 cut fastballs in one spring start to master it. He riddled the Cardinals with it. The Cardinals never reached third base safely against him and only twice got the tying run to second base, each time with two outs., Soon Fee set about doing something that had been talked about for years: renovating PlayhouseSquare's 1921 Hanna Theatre into a 550-seat state-of-the-art home. The Ohio, at 1,000 seats, was simply too big., Compost will be sold from 10 a.m.-1 p.m. on Friday and Saturday and again on May 12 and 19 at Henry Sibley High School, 1897 Delaware Av. in Mendota Heights., As members of the traveling delegation that attended last year's game in Arizona, we were able to witness firsthand what this event means to a metropolitan area. This is about more than one summer evening in July. It is a series of events culminating in one of the great traditions in American sports. More importantly, it is about creating a legacy for our community when the game concludes., Little, a wife and mother of three, describes growing up in an Irish-Catholic, working-class family. Both of her parents were teachers. She graduated fourth in her class at Middletown High School South in 1985 and had a scholarship to Seton Hall, where she continued her study of languages and earned a law degree. She opened her immigration law firm in 1994, putting her front-and-center with some strict immigration policies she’s campaigning for now., Sex offenders can be classified as sexually violent predators and remain confined in a treatment center until deemed safe for release, said Jack Banas, St. Charles County prosecuting attorney., Bone marrow, halved and smeared with shrimp sambal and cooked over the wood fire is brilliant: The fiery paste cuts through the fat, giving it definition and contrast., According to The Sun, 'He told his team to send Adele the best the fashion house has to offer after hearing she collected bags., There is much to be sorted out as the team enters the offseason. Players, coaches and management all have work to do to ensure the Kings aren't in this position again next season., Portland Trail Blazers forward LaMarcus Aldridge spoke to the media Friday for the first time since undergoing treatment for Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome. Aldridge, who was cleared to participate in non-contact drills Saturday, says he feels good about his health, his new teammates and the upcoming season., Keeping your pet safe while you're driving also makes good financial sense, as anyone who's ever gotten a through-the-roof veterinarian bill knows. The Progressive Group of Insurance Companies offers insurance to protect your dog (or cat) in the event of an auto crash, paying up to $1000 if a customer's pet is hurt or dies as a result of a car accident., Funny thing is, despite the bladder stones, despite his age, Pong found a wonderful home where he is loved and well cared for. His new mom knows he doesn't have years and years. But she doesn't care. She will make how ever many he has left the best he can have., Dayton's understandable chest-pounding is a fine example of a strangely common political phenomenon -- in which politicians or advocates send out a spin statement accompanying some report and in it contradict what the report itself says., The Texas lawmaker didn't say so, but the other campaign already built for a long campaign was Romney's. The former Massachusetts governor was closeted with aides and his family as he sweated out the caucus count in a state that humbled him four years ago., PRESCHOOL STORY TIME will take place from 10-10:45 a.m. March 21 and 28 at Corporate Parkway Branch Library, 1200 Corporate Pkwy., Wentzville. Event is for ages 3-6. Registration is required and limited to 25 participants. For more information or to register, go to www.youranswerplace.org or call 636-327-4010., The hourlong show, which debuted April 9, helps struggling venues with mini-makeovers by giving the owners advice. The Purple Orchid Inn Resort and Spa was one of seven businesses tapped for a makeover., While sport and commercial fishing groups support a catch limit to help sturgeon recover, a newer fish advocacy group says a rebound will be, Boevski, who claims he is innocent, was arrested last October while trying to board a plane at Sao Paulo's international airport with the cocaine in his luggage., Keeping up with age-appropriate lessons, Connell said the council gives all campers, volunteers, staff and summer staff a short course on anti-bullying as well. They also offer advocacy programs about healthy media images., “It can’t be bittersweet. It should be a celebration.”, Sen. Nicholas Scutari (D-Union), a municipal prosecutor who co-sponsored the state’s medical marijuana law, said hiring a law enforcement officer to oversee the program "could go either way.", The three professional actors in the cast belong to Actors Equity. Amoroso, who has acted in productions around the country, also hopes to join the union someday. In the meantime, he is looking forward to the production., But Charlack's work wasn't done with the Missouri Department of Transportation's blessing. The city did not ask for permission to paint on the public right of way, a process that would have required a traffic control plan and other steps., Chile's drama months after the earthquake shares some parallels with the 2002 Quecreek Mine accident, in which nine Pennsylvania miners were trapped in a flooded tunnel about 15 miles from where one of the planes hijacked on Sept. 11 crashed some 10 months earlier. Americans cheered as all nine miners were rescued three days later., These rankings are based on a combination of on-field performance and next level potential., Jeff Godown, former director of the Los Angeles Police Department's high-tech, crime-tracking Compstat Bureau, most recently served as interim chief of the San Francisco Police Department. His initial assessment of the department's performance data is expected within 30 days., There were rumors of a possible press conference for Tuesday, but none materialized. On Thursday, many coaches and ADs will be attending NCAA Final Four activities in New Orleans., His rejuvenation has rubbed off on his bandmates. It wasn’t long ago that guitarist Nils Lofgren had both hips replaced; at the Izod Center, he took a long, wild, imaginative solo during "Because the Night" while gyrating and hopping in circles on one leg. Drummer Max Weinberg and bassist Garry Tallent gave the impression that they could play another two and a half hours without dropping a stitch. Charlie Giordano, the accordionist and organist who is filling Federici’s chair, had a particularly strong night, adding vivid color to "The E Street Shuffle" and a soul medley that included the Smokey Robinson-written "The Way You Do the Things You Do" and the Wilson Pickett hit "634-5789.", Jordan quit two months later and returned briefly to Liberia. He came home the last time, in 1955, and bought the Green Duck tavern., But, quietly, Batum stewed. He had developed into a starter during training camp his rookie season and he viewed the move as a demotion., This either-or view fails to reflect the reality that Los Angeles needs all three — elementary, secondary and adult education — if it is to have a literate and educated population. We would not think of pitting funding for elementary education against secondary; each has its distinct role. So, too, does adult education. It provides opportunities for those who have been unable to benefit from the traditional K-12 school system., Selig spared Gary Matthews Jr. of the Angels, Troy Glaus of Toronto, Rick Ankiel of St. Louis and Scott Schoeneweis of the New York Mets because of "insufficient evidence" linking those players to the use of specific substances during a time they were banned., But the Vikings have appeared more intrigued by the Linden Avenue site, tucked into a little-traveled corner on the western edge of downtown, in a scrubby industrial area dotted with low-slung Xcel Energy storage and maintenance buildings and surrounded on three sides by freeways., John Barker, “It is one of the best burgers we’ve ever tasted,” he said., The meal's most impressive burst of fragrance comes with the main course: lavender-scented buffalo tenderloin. As an herb, aromatic lavender has been used for more than 2,500 years to calm and relax; it also calms down flavors in food., Like most Illinoisans, residents of the 21st District are tired of the corruption and looking for a new kind of political leadership., 4134 Botanical Av, $116,600, Said her niece, Jenna Ali: "I'm not wary. This can happen anywhere, anytime.", Although she hasn<U+0092>t discussed her future with her coaches yet, Czisny nodded affirmatively when asked if her plans include skating competitively next season., THE TIMETABLE: Both companies' boards have approved the buyout, which is targeted to close in the second quarter. Charming will become an Ascena subsidiary once the transaction is complete., That night, I Bixied back to the Plateau for dinner at La Banquise, Montreal's best known shop for poutine. This local specialty — French fries topped with gravy and cheese curds — is hearty, delicious and awesome with beer, though try as I might, all my photos made it look like dog food. None of the hipsters around me seemed to mind, with lines out the door, particularly after 3 a.m., when bars close. La Banquise tops the standard poutine dozens of ways, most pretty meaty. I chose Galvaude, with peas and shredded turkey, and was stuffed two-thirds of the way through., Coleman said he has not spoken to Schnoebelen since her departure. He said he does not know whether she has found other work., He's not too bad for being the Timberwolves' third-favorite point guard in the 2009 draft. Actually, Minnesota didn't even want him — or keep him. After selecting back-to-back point guards — Ricky Rubio and Jonny Flynn — at No. 5 and 6 overall in the first round, the Wolves used the 18th selection for Lawson, then immediately dealt him to the Nuggets. Rubio didn't even play for the Timberwolves until this season, preferring to stay in Spain. After an impressive NBA debut, Rubio tore an ACL in a collision with Bryant on March 9. Flynn has been traded twice in three years., Baylor rolling, No one can question the academic qualifications of Mr. Dance. A bachelor's degree earned in 2001, a master's of education in 2002 and a doctorate in educational leadership in 2007 are evidence of impressive academic achievement and a strongly focused individual., Food - and restaurants - run in his family. His brother John owns Racanelli's New York Pizzeria in University City, Kirkwood, Webster Groves and the Central West End. His brother Sam is Mad Tomato's "pizzaioli" (peet-za-YO-lo, pizza maker), fashioning hand-made pizzas on the restaurant's hearth, a blazing oven., It was not until July 2011 that Maryland's highest court, the Court of Appeals, spoke on the question of the impact of Maryland's speech or debate clause. Unfortunately, it repeated the sins of the Court of Special Appeals in the Blondes case by not taking the opportunity to give full weight to the anti-bribery provision that had been added to the Maryland Constitution in 1867., He had too much experience. His work history was too rich. He would want too much. Plus, of course, he was of the age at which health becomes a concern. What employer would want to take that on?, Hannah Pratt, Silex, But we have to make decisions each day: Is this a good deal? Is someone telling the truth? Bosses decide who gets paid how much and who is promoted -- or fired., The reformers would strike a blow., Conceptual plans were submitted to the city about two weeks ago and forwarded this week to the Mission Valley Planning Group, Dealy said. He was elected to the planning group this week as well, although developers and their representatives typically abstain from voting on their projects., K-Doe emerged in the early 1960s rock and R&B scene, and until his death at age 65 in 2001 was one of the most unforgettable figures in New Orleans music., Not necessarily, the experts say., The board announced Thursday that Reid’s employment will end July 1. She was reassigned from chief operating officer to special projects during the investigation, but maintained her salary., The trio once again was held without a goal Monday night in the 4-3 loss to the Blues in Game 3 at HP Pavilion. Once again, they also weren't lacking for chances as they combined for eight shots on Blues goaltender Brian Elliott., In "The Joy of Drinking," author Barbara Holland addresses the National Institutes of Health's "pompous treatise" against readministration of alcohol (more widely known as "the hair of the dog that bit you") to cure the hangover, for fear that it encourages alcoholism., I plan to come back and do tryouts for the CFL as well as the UFL but for now I just plan on taking it one step at a time and winning games here in France., I admire the passion of the protesters, but when defenseless children in this community are suffering and dying violent deaths and legions of Cleveland children are denied a quality education, I can only wonder how to tap the zealotry of animal lovers for more pressing causes., "I invite markets to be more rational…Spain is on track," he said, saying the country should be commended for the way it has sought to rein in its public deficit and debt., Chances are, both teams will need to dig deep into their pitching staffs for Tuesday night's game. UO leads the conference with a 2.97 ERA while OSU ranks sixth, at 3.49. However, the Beavers’ pitchers have rebounded from allowing double-digit runs in three of the team’s first seven games., Accessibility: Throughout., But they have one thing their neighborhood counterparts don't – an opportunity to compel families to be held accountable for their children's learning., The Fix: I took a manager with me to FTD flowers in Michigan to investigate and train on a new computerized system. Within a few months employees were fully trained, and productivity increased dramatically. In one year, profits were up about 20 percent., Cathy's spirit and legacy live on through her treasured husband of 21 years, Bill Stoller of Dayton; son, Jason Morgan and his wife, Jill Morgan of Wilsonville; daughter, Jenny Schwenke of Wilsonville; son, Kenneth Stoller of Dayton; son, Kyle Stoller of Dayton; grandchildren, Kameron Morgan, Hunter Schwenke, Morgan Schwenke and Kaitlyn Morgan, all of Wilsonville; sister, Judy Sullivan and her husband, Dennis of Beavercreek; brother, Richard Christian of Elgin; and many nieces and nephews. She is preceded in death by her parents, Carlos and Margaret Christian; and brother, Gary Christian., The Situation and Alex go to his room and start hooking up. Then the blonde waltzes into the room and tells Alex that's she leaving. Alex is fine with that. "You don't want to do this," the blonde tells her. The Situation is less than thrilled with Ann Landers, particularly when Alex heeds her advice. He continues the belabored combat metaphor: The blonde, he says, "was a bomb pretty much, and Pauly D did not know the code to decipher the bomb.", "Her suspicions continued to grow and on December 30, 2010, she told her friend, Tammi Parker, that she thought Mr. Neuman might be the killer," he said. "Mrs. Sneiderman also told Ms. Parker that the more she looked at the police sketch of the killer, the more it looked like Mr. Neuman.", Officers got a call about 11 p.m., and responded to the home near East Lake Avenue, Sgt. Burt Iles said., "Mark Clayton has been struggling with both knees," Spagnuolo said following the team's Thanksgiving Day practice. "I could see that he was, so I talked with him. He's really been struggling. The knee that he had surgery on has been giving him a hard time. The other knee is starting to; he's starting to feel it, too.", But coyotes are also killed where people like to hear their howls and yips, including Alpine County, south of Lake Tahoe., It's one of the factors cited by officials at Harris-Stowe State University, which has one of the region's lowest four-year and six-year graduation rates, at 8 percent and 21 percent., So many fans decked out in Coyotes jerseys lined up to eat barbecue at Shane's Rib Shack that the restaurant ran out of seats last weekend, co-owner Zak Ranney said., What every energy expert knows (and some Republicans will reluctantly admit) is that gasoline prices are driven by the global price of oil., Genentech has been fighting for the broadened use of Lucentis since late 2007 when it sent letters to the ophthalmological community emphasizing that Avastin was not FDA-approved for treatment of age-related macular degeneration., But if there are negative surprises for Romney tonight -- an Ohio loss would be a serious embarrassment after all the time and money he put in -- the GOP race will rage on for weeks or months., <U+0095> Seattle., Quinn, 78, urged Building a Better Ohio to pull the ad. So, too, did Paul Weber, a Cincinnati firefighter who responded to the call to help Quinn's great-granddaughter and son., The Braves spent the last four games of April getting more than they wanted from the Pirates, who came into the wrap-around series with the lowest-scoring offense in the major leagues by 18 runs., The two bills will soon be introduced into the Ohio House of Representative dealing with the practice of fracking. State Reps. Denise Driehaus (D-Cincinnati) and Tracy Maxwell Heard (D-Columbus) are proposing a moratorium until more information is available on safety., By all accounts, Coker still makes daily rounds to check on staff members and visit patients., "They were able to ride that upward mobility and help me get an education," he said on the plane from Washington. And he came here this day to highlight the small-town virtues of hard work and opportunity, the "ones that we need to rediscover.", Delta won't disclose the percentage of passengers who buy the service on Wi-Fi equipped flights, but in January, purchases were 41% higher than in January 2011, and 168% higher than in January 2010. The take rate is four times as high on flights longer than 1,500 miles than on shorter flights, said Bob Kupbens, Delta's vice president for marketing and digital commerce., Pujols added an RBI single and Alberto Callaspo scored thanks to a throwing error from first baseman Joe Mauer that hit Pujols in the back on his way to second base for a 3-0 lead. Pujols came up a little gimpy on the play, but he quickly shooed trainers off the field and stayed in the game., So he opted for Bellator for a quicker chance to be in the spotlight and get his pro career into high gear., Though its records are also incomplete—reporting is voluntary; there are no reports for 2012—they do point to the trauma that accompanies a planned out-of-hospital birth where something goes wrong. There were at least nine cases where infants died at or before arriving at the hospital and several instances of birth asphyxia, fractures, post-partum hemorrhage and unexpected twins., Despite the tumult, officials with the city’s law department maintain they’ve actually saved money in 2011-2012. The department set aside $1.1 million for contracts with outside firms this year, Denson said. Even with the contracts approved last night, nearly $120,000 is expected to remain unused in the budget line come the end of the fiscal year., The SEC had accused Bank of America of failing to disclose to shareholders before they voted on the Merrill deal that it had authorized Merrill to pay up to $5.8 billion in bonuses to its employees in 2008 even though the investment bank lost $27.6 billion that year., When will we learn?, Today will be partly cloudy with a high around 80 degrees, according to the National Weather Service. Tonight's low temperature will dip into the 60s. Some overnight fog is expected., "After high school, we were in a special school, like a university. We were cyclists, but with a special teacher who came to races. We understood a lot of stuff, mathematics, physiology, languages. I was able to understand then what happened to us before.", Kiz: Two men enter! One man leaves! If that's the game, my money's on Tulo., TRENTON -- New Jersey's Attorney General argued in court papers filed this week that public worker pension and benefits changes passed in March should stand because of the broad public interest involved for the state's taxpayers., "I don't tell people what happened to me, unless they ask," Roth said. "Then, I'll talk a little bit.", Thousands of workers marched under a brutal sun in the Philippine capital on Tuesday and called for pay hikes, as May Day protesters throughout Asia demanded increases in wages that they say have not kept up with rising consumer prices., Previously purchased tickets will be honored at the new date, and refunds are available at point of purchase., Balls of Fun: More than 30 entertainers, led by emcee Dieta Pepsi, will keep the Victorian Fetish Ball - a dance and costume party - rolling on Saturday night at Rue 13 on Washington Avenue. Tickets start at $20., To assemble: Divide the puree between 4 plates; place the endive and carrots atop the puree. Garnish with several pomegranate seeds and mandarin slices as well as a few small dots of yogurt. To finish, squeeze a little lemon juice over the dish and season with Maldon salt., SANTANA & THE ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND, In a bowl, combine the olive oil, vinegar, salt, pepper and a tablespoon of the mandarin juice and mix well with a fork., This is the 15th year the ASAPS has tracked plastic surgery. Since 1997, cosmetic procedures have increased 197% for men and women combined -- and there have been some changes over the years., Midfielder Eric Alexander summed it up., For the Roasting:, But Self said not to draw too many parallels from that victory., The Veterans Community Resource and Referral Center, located in the Piquette Square Apartments at 285 Piquette in Detroit's New Center, will be open seven days a week. It will offer substance abuse treatment, housing placements, transportation, showers, a computer lab, clothing and food. It is a program of the John Dingell VA Medical Center in Detroit., It is tradition for NOACA, which handles transportation and some environmental planning for Cuyahoga, Geauga, Lake, Lorain and Medina counties, to honor outgoing board members. Dimora has been a commissioner, which gave him a seat on the NOACA board, since 1998. He rarely attended NOACA meetings, officials said., "Who Bombed Judi Bari?," a film culled by Cherney and director Mary Liz Thomson from television news reports, demonstration footage and most poignantly, the lawsuit deposition Bari gave just before she died, will remind people of Bari's vital role in the environmental movement, Cherney said in a phone interview this week., Last start: UAE Derby 1-11, Americans reacted with joy, scorn and indifference to Obama's words in a television interview on Wednesday: "It is important for me personally to go ahead and affirm that same-sex couples should be able to get married.", "I think everybody pulled together, and we really fought hard," Quentin Richardson said. "We were down, and J-Rich made two unbelievable shots. The whole night, we had to fight.", President Barack Obama made a symbolic trip to Afghanistan on Tuesday, arriving on the first anniversary of the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to sign an agreement with President Hamid Karzai that marks a transition in the war while committing the U.S. to another decade of economic and military aid., (Some would say this proves that a coach needs to pick one guy and stay with him but I'm not convinced. It's not as if Smith and Resch were soiling the bed in the postseason in the years that they shared time.), oPlayers to watch: OH Joe Sunder, 6-7, Sr. (second-team All-American, hitting percentage of .338 is 10th in nation); S Edgardo Goas, 6-5, Sr. (third in nation at 11.15 assists a set); MH Aaron Russell, 6-9, Fr. (hitting .420 but doesn't have enough attacks to qualify nationally, team-leading 0.96 blocks a set)., "He shielded me from a lot of what he went through. He's a very tough guy.", At Fox, the ''American Idol'' results show was the evening's No. 2 show in 18-49 (3.8/12) and No. 1 in total viewers (13.8 million). ''Touch'' followed with a third-place finish (2.3/7 in 18-49, 7.4 million viewers overall), down about 15% from its regular-slot premiere of last week but retaining the same amount of its ''Idol'' lead-in., In California, some wineries use their winemaker's gender as a sales point, though whether that's because of a belief that women are better at winemaking or merely an appeal to female solidarity is hard to say. With Burgundy, however, the great majority of first-line customers — importers and wine buyers — are male., The mind of Jean Murrell Capers remains sharp but her body is growing weak. We should hug her while she can still hug us back., TARGET, Hey, Tony: Are you pleased with the current regime? Based on what you've seen, would it have been better to start a third year in the same system vs. what the Browns currently have? -- Mike B., Dover, Ohio, She placed a laundry basket in the middle of the circle of chairs where the actors were sitting. "Put your wish in the basket," she said. "Profound or not profound. Something you'd wish for soon.", "We started this event because not enough people know where Serbia is and what the culture is," said event organizer Jennifer Zelen. "The Serbs have a long history of music and food and really great folk dances.", He also enjoys time away from his office and computer., A: I'm a firm believer in keeping up on what's trending nationally. Among the categories trending now are graphic T-shirts, wood items, items made using recycled materials and laser-cut designs., Some repeat winners should know that strong-armed tactics don't work., Lesson number one is simple: Cherish humanity. It's what should have bound us to the 11 victims. We should never forget them. Our care for them is the strongest thing that separates us from the savagery of the killer and the alarming indifference of those who foolishly believe that the deaths of these women has no bearing on their own environment., Correction: Last week I mistakenly identified Julio Macat as the cinematographer of "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory." Mr. Macat shot "Wedding Crashers," while "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" was photographed by Philippe Rousselot., Reflecting on his career, he said in 1985: "There's a residual effect of knowing I've made America laugh. I'm not the only one, but I've contributed something.", "It's a roomful of hundreds of your favorite television stars," Fallon said. "And really, everybody at home wants to see their favorite stars, so I want to get as many people involved as I can -- whoever will do a bit with me.", U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says blind Chinese legal activist Chen Guangcheng left the U.S. Embassy on his own accord and in keeping with U.S. values., The building's many challenges will make it one of a kind and pioneering, but it's fundamentally an urban office building, Bowers said. That means there's a large market of office construction-related industries that could learn from the center and spend money on the Oregon-made expertise that it exhibits., Notes: Aldridge (15 points) and Wallace (15 points, 12 rebounds) were the Blazers' leading scorers. ... Reserve forward Luke Babbitt added 12 points in 17 minutes. ... Raymond Felton had another awful game, finishing with nine points, five turnovers and three assists, while making 2 of 10 shots. During the forgettable first quarter, Felton was 0 for 3 from the field, and had three turnovers and zero assists. ... The Blazers' worst losses in franchise history are: 65 points (Feb. 27, 1998 at Indiana), 56 points (Feb. 20, 1976 at Chicago), 52 points (Nov. 24, 1970 at Baltimore) and 45 points (Dec. 6, 2006 at Phoenix)., CLEVELAND ---- In part 2 of Phil Taylor's visit to the SBTV studios, he tells Branson Wright about his time at Penn State playing under coach Joe Paterno., After Internet stocks came back to life in early 2004, venture capitalists started opening their wallets, he said. Now Tagged.com has just received its first venture capital: $7 million from Mayfield Fund., That was whittled down to 18 seconds with 6 miles remaining, and Hushovd caught him with 1 mile left., Mary Wallace, senior legislative representative for AARP, adds, "We think it's another step toward deregulation in an already tricky marketplace with no real guarantees that the capital raised is actually going to fulfill the objective of job creation.", The 2012 election is expected to turn on the state of the economy, which polls have shown to be overwhelmingly the biggest concern of voters., The government plans to speed up the process for tracking E. coli in meat, a move that will help authorities more quickly find the source of bacteria outbreaks and hasten food recalls., Turning point: When Tucson starter Matt Palmer was scratched because of a blister, Advanced Class-A California League call-up Mark Pope started and was hammered for seven runs and eight hits in the first two innings as the Cats routed the Padres 11-3., The discovery was made as part of a broader statewide investigation of hospitals that was triggered by the allegations at St. Joseph, and is raising concerns that the accusations against Midei might not be isolated., Directors: Mans Marlind, Björn Stein., Bargains: Discounts on most appetizers and selected drinks, Tanthavong, who has spent a lot of time at Tanks Training Facility in Granite City working on getting stronger, already has made a visit to the University of Illinois, where he would like to compete., Bid requirements, Resolution buddies, And consumers, worried about what was happening, wanted to know whether Willamette’s products were safe., Yet speakers at the oil and gas event spent a lot of time addressing the dual threat of taxes and protests., Each workday, they can eat at the Grand Hyatt lunch buffet for $1.50 (it was free until a year ago). Once a month, steak and baked potatoes are on the menu as management recognizes workers celebrating birthdays., From there the chefs tested about half a dozen potatoes. And the process hasn't really stopped., "The legal process will show that my client is an honorable man who took care of his buildings," Espinosa said., THE OTHER CONTENDERS, senior may be among the top high school placekickers in the country., He said he fought her off, took hold of the bat, and hit her in the head, according to the document., Last June, ICANN opened the floodgates to, essentially, dot-anything from the 22 existing domains. The group, which has overseen the Internet's naming system since 1998, has been planning the naming expansion for the better part of the last decade., "But do you feel it is in your best interest?" asked the judge., Cleveland Orchestra, Almost imperceptibly, things are starting to change, says Sue Levin, executive director of the Oregon chapter of Stand for Children, a nonprofit advocacy group., After news of the sale was posted on a social media website, county officials began getting angry phone calls from people who assumed the sale was an effort to cut the parks' budget., "Alaska is still a frontier world in a lot of ways. The place is so big, double the size of Texas, but with only 700,000 people. With so few people and so much space, there's the opportunity to do anything.", Members of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, the final act to be inducted Saturday night, were joined on stage by Ronnie Wood, Slash of Guns N' Roses, Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong and others for a stirring performance of Stevie Wonder's "Higher Ground," closing the event after more than five hours., What caused his post-career life to spin out of control? What made him drive his car off a cliff? What led to a fatal gunshot Wednesday morning? And now you wonder if this is somehow another casualty of a physical game that took too much, one tackle at a time., Here's how it works: One end of the tack hammer is magnetized. The upholsterer fills his mouth with little tacks then stretches whatever fabric he's applying till it's taut. The hammer goes to the lips, where a tack is "spit" onto it. Single tacks are applied to the bottom, each side and top of a piece's frame to hold the fabric in place, with the wrinkles stretched out each time, before it's all stapled down., Meanwhile, in just the last few months, Post columnist Michael Goodwin has reported countless cases of schoolhouse data-fudging, and all based on first-hand accounts., Danielou, who looks for locations and adds them in the database, said she noticed an unexpected shift in the U.S. market., 1/2 small fennel bulb, minced, His sentence includes five years suspended and five on probation., "The everyday worker is probably not aware of what is going on," Ruiz said., I always think about the end to “Abbey Road.” They probably didn’t know that was their last album, and the way that thing ends, it’s just literally telling you every second, This is the end to the Beatles. I aspire to the great endings, that’s all I can tell you. I hope we can pull it off., 19761 Beavercreek Road; $10 at the side door entrance; A fun time with silent auctions, great prizes, raffles, and many opportunities to win BINGO. Proceeds benefit the Senior Grad Party Committee. Details: Lori Waite at loriawaite@gmail.com or 503-481-4943, Speaker John Boehner deflected questions about Obama's new position at his weekly news conference. He said he believed that marriage should be limited to "one man and one woman" and then flicked back to the economy., COLUMBUS, Ohio -- There's something to be said for being the stormee, the team that's good enough to cause opposing fans to rush the court when you lose., While most other businesses were cutting spending in 2009 to weather the recession, Belleville Wire Cloth Co. retrained employees, built a website and became certified to sell aircraft parts., "The improvement project currently underway on the SR-91, between the SR-241 toll road and SR-55 freeway, will include a reconfiguring of some of the ramps," Scheper says. "The Imperial on-ramp will be realigned as part of the project, but the lane stripping will remain the same. However, the eastbound SR-91 off-ramps at Weir Canyon Road, Lakeview Avenue and Imperial will then have two lanes.", The children said space heaters were being used in one of the bedrooms, but it's unclear if they caused the fire. It's also unclear whether the home's smoke detectors were working, the release states., Cover the top of each ramekin with plastic wrap and place in the steamer. Cover and steam 10-16 minutes, until the custard has just set; it should jiggle slightly. (Cooking times vary depending on the height of the ramekins; allow for a slightly longer cooking time if the ramekins are tall.) Check once more for seasoning and add salt if needed., It doesn't matter if you live in a spacial palace in the Hollywoods hills or a condo in luxurious Century. A stylish enteryway that does double duty as a place to store your homes most used items is must for any L.A. home., A stimulus-minded politician might think of a different analogy: What about a storm-tossed ship that needs all hands on deck? "That's a misunderstanding of what's going on here," Bullard responds. "The literature is telling you they (fiscal and monetary policy) are substitutes, not complements.", One expert says the struggle over post offices is a smaller-stakes version of the strenuous process of deciding what military bases to shutter. Closing post offices may be a necessity - but that doesn't make it welcome, or easy., "Paul said that without the Crickets, there would be no Beatles," Allison told an interviewer., As a teen, Bowen said he was extremely critical of faiths different from his own. Once when a pair of male Mormon missionaries visited his home, Bowen said he chased them down the street as they retreated on their bicycles., This historical work has been brought into the modern era with the acquisition of two local collections. One features Ukiyo-e woodcuts by Hokusai, Hiroshige and other artists. The second focuses on Nihonga, the traditional Japanese-style painting done during and after the Meiji era, in conservative resistance to Western influences., Only nine races have been held since the Planned Parenthood controversy, but an Associated Press survey of affiliates for the Dallas-based charity showed that a downward trend is already taking shape., Although A'Brunzo was mistakenly allowed to self-administer five times the proper amount of pain medicine prescribed for him, his death was ruled natural due to his obesity and an enlarged heart., Handwerg said the strike was suspended until March 9, pending the resumption of talks between both sides. Pilots for Lufthansa Cargo and the low-budget subsidiary, Germanwings, were also taking part in the strike., Let’s tell our citizens the truth—today—right now—about what failing to do strong reforms costs them., Italy’s Ivan Basso was fourth, Cadel Evans of Australia was fifth, and Schleck’s younger brother Andy was sixth, each 30 seconds behind Sanchez. Contador placed eighth, 43 seconds back., He adds that the Tempe Improv used to deal with 10 talent agents to secure comics. That number has dwindled down to three., Fischer's journey with the movie began when, wanting to produce a film from the ground up, she met with a number of screenwriters, including Kirk, to hear story pitches. She loved the idea of "The Giant Mechanical Man" and started what turned out to be a years-long effort to bring it to the screen., WORST MOMENT: The book-signing (and most of character Riley)., Other students weren't as happy, and suggested many voted for Garcia just to see the spectacle of two boys dancing together at the prom., Split the biscuits. Spread the top of each with horseradish cream, the place the filet mignon and baby arugula on the bottom and close to form sandwiches., Sony, whose businesses include cameras, cellphones, PlayStation game consoles and movies such as "The Smurfs," has for years been struggling to regain the swagger and creative flair that made it a dominant force in the global electronics industry in the 1980s and early 1990s., The 151-page report uncovered inadequate planning and a lack of real-time awareness by various utilities and electricty-grid operators. Better procedures and communication might have prevented or minimized the September outage., Even an off-kilter rendition will get at least a smattering of applause in the spirit of kitschy fun., "The Paul supporters have had a successful process and should be congratulated on that," said Carson, a veteran of numerous state conventions. "I think it's important that the Romney camp and Paul camp come together and support a single candidate," Carson said, adding that candidate should be Romney., New on the offensive line are Rich Ranglin, the AFL's 2011 Offensive Lineman of the Year with Kansas City, and rookie Isaac Leatiota, who played at Wilcox High and San Jose State. Replacing Bellarmine grad Juan Gamboa as the SaberCats' kicker is Jacob Harfman, who handled punts and kickoffs at USC in 2010., He must be pretty progressive though, because his armaments expert is a former slave. Medical care, meanwhile, comes courtesy of Native Americans who take Hex in after he gets a shotgun blast to the chest, mumble some prayers, and dose him with hallucinogens. Hex repays them by vomiting up a live crow., Kevin Garnett had 15 points and 12 rebounds, while Bradley, who shifted over to take Rondo's spot at the point, chipped in with 14 points but only three assists — a far cry from what the Celtics usually get out of that position., Customers such as Guillaume see things differently. Because HomeAway bills itself as a trusted intermediary between her and her vacation rental, she says, it owes her more than an empty apology. She says that after she lost her money, HomeAway officials told her that they were sorry but that it wasn't their problem. The rental owner isn't willing to help her, either., "Some people don't want to be alone. Some women are scared to go home until their husbands get there. Then you have some that don't want to leave their house," Bryan said. "I have husbands coming in here telling me, 'My wife made me put the gun beside the bed last night.' ", But the action is clear and swiftly paced, and the large ensemble does well by both the play’s poetic language and its intense physical demands — one character is killed in a mechanical chair, another starves herself to death and a third robotically continues dancing when hearing that her loved ones are dead. Among the standouts are Andrew Weems’ Bassanes — barking out such lines as, “Hold your chops, nightmare!” and “Furies whip thee!” with entertaining gusto — and Boras, heartbreaking as the doomed bride., Charters are hardly getting the short end of the stick. Some of them could eventually share in revenue the district raises through school levies. Jackson, in fact, is planning a levy for November, which is why he so urgently wants to see his plan approved by the legislature and signed into law by the governor., - will develop and/or apply screening tools on the use of chemicals by our suppliers and apply additional standards, as agreed with suppliers., Thomas reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Julie Pace and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report., Saturday night: Mostly clear. Low 39., John Scher, West Orange. New Jersey’s leading concert promoter for many years., I am not an Israeli. I am a Muslim, Arab Palestinian living on my land within the Israeli establishment, and all aspects of my life are in danger because of the Israeli establishment., In a rare sitdown interview, he offered his take on the cafe, in good times and bad., The bombing plot was “very unnerving,” he said. “It came as a shock to me, as I’m sure it did for most Portlanders,”, The show everybody wants to see will only be onstage in Cleveland for a limited, three-week engagement. Tickets will be gone "in a snap," warns Vernaci, with donors and season ticketholders getting first crack. Single tickets, if there are any left, will go on sale in the early fall., The man walked into the bank and presented the teller with a note demanding money. He did not show or imply that he had a gun. He left with an undetermined amount of money., Certainly, some of the media and the public severely overreacted to the new form. But the passport agency is at least partially responsible for the flap -- it published the new form in the Federal Register without any notation about the circumstances it might be used. And much of our press is understandably touchy about anything that involves personal privacy., <U+0093>The double at the last (hole) was a disappointing way to finish,<U+0094> Westwood said. <U+0093>But if you get out of position slightly on this course, it can punish you.<U+0094>, Blassingame, of the 4900 block of Alcott Avenue, spent six months on probation for a misdemeanor drug possession charge., To win a two-thirds majority in 2009, lawmakers packed the measure with $2 billion in pet projects. Although it includes $3 billion for new dams, for example, it also includes $100 million for Lake Tahoe bike trails and other projects; $20 million to expand parkland at the Baldwin Hills Conservancy in the downtown Los Angeles district of former Assembly Speaker Karen Bass; $20 million in economic development for Siskiyou County; $20 million for interpretive exhibits at Bolsa Chica wetlands in Huntington Beach; $100 million for restoration of the Salton Sea; and dozens of similar projects., "Yeah, yeah, yeah," Meyer responds. "That's what I meant.", The Question: If I have a Third Federal equity line with unused credit available, what will happen?, Auditioning for Ocasio's clown corps made Jannott nervous. He had collected over the years a few trinkets of the trade and showed up with a lapel flower that squirts water, a baseball cap with a whirligig on top, a real flower stuck in a straw. For his audition, he persuaded a female judge to reach for the flower -- only to find it stuck in the straw., Because cicadas like to lay eggs in small, woody branches, mature trees will weather a cicada storm. Very young trees with trunks less than an inch in diameter are most at risk. They can be covered with fine netting, although the net must completely cover the tree from the ground up to have any chance of being effective., The Vikings - Interrupting a wedding ceremony, a Viking longship attacks a 1,000-year-old fortress in a special effects-laden show complete with fiery explosions and a saint walking on water., Some schools have simply stopped scheduling the Eagles. Littleton forfeited on game day this fall. And recently, when Valor administrators tried to find a new conference to join, they had doors closed in their faces as if they were selling encyclopedias., The e-reader offers the same design and features as the Kindle Touch, and adds the convenience of free 3G wireless -- Amazon is paying for the 3G connection, so users don't have to sign up for annual contracts and pay monthly fees., What to do? This:, His own high school was better armed., Alameda 62, Denver West 53, “I just started pressing,” he admitted. “I reverted to my old ways. Just hacking and stuff.”, "There is a great deal of research showing that women and minorities pursue STEM education and careers because these disciplines are a route to helping humanity and making a positive impact in the world,” stated, Kasich spent the money in about 60 seconds while calling for one of his staffers to get his budget director Tim Keen on the phone. Keen was nowhere to be found. He's vacationing with his family and didn't answer. The governor joked later that he better let his budget director know what he had just done., He does not have long arms, and we'll see if he can Ziploc a quarterback, but Ingram brings size-speed-shuffle components to Chargers Park that have not been seen in awhile. Especially on a defense that Smith has annually struggled to rearrange., But in terms of Mario Manningham, who hauled in four passes for 68 yards and a touchdown last week, he knows exactly what to expect. Even though the emergence of Victor Cruz has scrambled the ranks at wide receiver, he doesn't expect Manningham to catch Green Bay's beleaguered secondary by surprise., The recalls, which started in January with children's jewelry sold at Walmart stores, have included about 12 million "Shrek" movie-themed drinking glasses distributed by McDonald's restaurants. The other recalls targeted at least 200,000 pieces of jewelry, mostly for children., Oregon heptathlon Brianne Theisen won the open long jump Friday at the Oregon Relays with a wind-aided leap of 20 feet 3 3/4., Fairbairn temporarily removed funds from a client trust account in order to pay her company's operating expenses., The three-man startup is using crowd-funding site Kickstarter to raise money for its planned strategy game, RoboArena., "If you're going to butterfly garden, I would recommend you plant a decent-size area with host and nectar plants," Higgins adds. "Your nectar plants will attract the adult butterflies and hopefully they'll stay around, mate and continue the life cycle.", The second attempt was blocked by Jason Pierre-Paul with 1 second remaining, allowing the Giants to hold on for a 37-34 victory tonight and move into a tie for first place in the NFC East., Environmental advocates have been pushing corporate giants to do more, especially because moves by P&G, retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and others can build momentum for sustainability by all kinds of businesses., o•Venture capitalists raise money from others, typically investing very large sums of money - $2 million to $5 million and more in early rounds. About 11% of venture capitalists are women, according to the National Venture Capital Association, and estimates are that only 4 percent to 9% of companies receiving venture-capital financing have even one woman on the founding team., "Those guys have the opportunity to be pretty good and to be big leaguers for a long time," Pierzynski said. "They know that, and they are being given the opportunity, which is awesome., Instead, district officials said, the bid was posted only on the district’s website., And while the reality of their jobs may not be as fanciful as portrayed in movies or on television, that's not to say that there aren't potential hazards., While such cases are rare, they do occur. Are we to live in fear and keep our children attached at our hips for the rest of their childhood? No way. However, what we should and need to do is educate and empower them., Very little will get done toward making the state a better place to live, work and do business., "It's going to be tastefully done and very elegantly done," he said. "We're looking to wow the people with the presentation and the design of the food and desserts rather than with the extravagance of imported caviar or foie gras from France or stuff like that.", "Demand for services literally has never been greater," Ludeman said. "But the good news is that the private sector is in a great position to do something about it.", Sunday, Aug. 12 at Indianapolis, 1:30 p.m., “The other day President Obama said, you know, it could be worse,” Romney said. “Sounds like Marie Antoinette, ‘Let them eat cake.’ ”, Finally, although some private plans are expensive, there may be a high-deductible private policy that would at least cover the large insurance bills that might be incurred through an extended medical situation, even if you had to pay for routine care out-of-pocket, Nord said., He expressed excitement about his progress this season and optimism about his prospects for London., Even if you haven’t caught the movie it’s based on, you can see everything coming a mile away in “Leap of Faith.” The only surprise in this predictable, mushy new Broadway musical is how ridiculously fun it is., "It was pretty exciting being able to talk to him for a minute or two," she said., But outsourcing may cost more when it comes to hiring a private lawyer or a consultant, whose skills are more specialized, experts said., Minor complaints aside, Symphony president Fred Bronstein and Circus Flora artistic director David Balding deserve the same enthusiastic applause given the performers for this one-of-its-kind creative collaboration. We can only hope that they are already planning for more sold-out events like this next year., Because many institutions closely guard their waitlist numbers, cracking the code of how many eventually get a coveted fat envelope is a subject of intense speculation on online message boards. Some schools declined to provide data to the Tribune, but statistics could be gleaned from college websites and other sources., Leonardo DiCaprio is the roving, Jack Londonish young steerage passenger Jack Dawson. Kate Winslet is Rose, a child of privilege who needs to marry a rich creep (Zane<U+0092>s Hockley) to preserve her family<U+0092>s standing. Of course they find a way to meet. Of course they fall in love., As he watched Friday’s practice at the Winterhawks Skating Center from the sideline, Rattie wore a neck brace that Portland general manager and head coach Mike Johnston said was part of Rattie’s treatment. “It’s really a neck problem," Johnston said. "There are no concussion symptoms. He said his pain seems a little bit better today and they’re just trying to take pressure off (his neck) right now by having him wear a brace.”, CHARITY, NEWARK — This evening’s Easter dinner at the Hughes household didn’t deviate much from the annual fare: barbecued pork ribs and simmering collard greens were among the foods that stewed in aluminum trays in the kitchen, and a rich red velvet cake was eyed as a centerpiece dessert., A slice of the kugel, maybe with an extra bit of mascarpone and a cup of coffee, makes for a pretty great morning timeout for grown-ups too. If you're still sweeping a bit of flour off the floor, maybe pulling a stray noodle from the wall, you might make that a large cup of coffee., NEW YORK - A Manhattan judge says a lawsuit by a video-game developer against Beyonce can go to trial., But on Jan. 5, 2006, James Zadroga was dead at age 34. His young daughter, Tyler Ann, has been in the care of Joe and Linda Zadroga since., Comment: Tigers are 19th in the PairWise Rankings and probably have to win the WCHA Tournament to advance to the NCAAs., * Characters from newer Disney and Pixar films will populate the park, according to Jim Hill Media: "Woody, Jessie and Bullseye will ride herd on Frontierland while Shanghai Disneyland's Autopia will serve as the centerpiece of a brand-new 'Cars'-themed part of this park. I'm told that Captain Jack Sparrow will stagger around a Pirates-centric version of Adventureland while Rapunzel & her tower will ... well, tower over Fantasyland.", Last week, she drove through the floodway surrounded by acres of soybeans planted just a week earlier. Already the green sprouts had pushed their way through the dirt., Mormon pioneers and other well-known people in Mesa's civic life are buried at the cemetery. They include Daniel W. Jones, founder of Lehi, and Benjamin Franklin Johnson, business agent and private secretary to Mormon church founder Joseph Smith. Johnson's seven wives are listed on the back of his headstone, including two named Sarah. The front has a picture of a covered wagon., “I would like to think so,” Hawks forward Marvin Williams said before Game 2. “I think everybody understands what’s at stake at this point.”, Thornberry said the shootings occurred on Whitemarsh Court, a nearby street that is also part of the Tall Timbers Development, a collection of condo units., Time has yet to heal their wounds. Rusty's friends from high school stop by to visit, and that helps, say his parents. But there's no replacing that infectious personality., Shelved complaints, CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Foodies love food, of course. But the devotees of fine dining also love toys, and at this time of year, most of their coveted favorites involve an open flame and the great outdoors. Or just the great suburban backyard., "I came here because I had to come here," said Young, who testified because of a subpoena. "The only reason my husband had to write the book is because Mr. Edwards did not come forward and tell the truth.", The split brought the Warriors to 9-1 in the Mt. Hamilton Division of the Blossom Valley Athletic League and to 16-3 overall. They're up a game and a half on second-place Leigh (7-2, 12-8) with just four games left to play in the league season. The Warriors will host Leland (5-5, 12-9) on May 2 before entertaining Santa Teresa (5-4, 10-9) on May 4. Westmont has already defeated both of these teams handily. The Warriors bested Leland 7-1 and Santa Teresa 5-1 in their last battles., "He's so intense about effort. Hard-core coach," James said. "I'd love to play for a coach like that.", Oct. 1: ... did you see all those crazy youtube videos of the ny poilice and the protesters? crazy stuff!, This comes as quite a shock to Marilyn Clint, the Rose Festival's chief operating officer. In her office at Tom McCall Waterfront Park, she looks at the walking-tour program and shakes her head., 5The perfect dress might not be a dress at all. The side-slit tunic, which falls to mid-thigh or mid-calf, is worn over slim pants or leggings. Simple and elegant, it slenderizes and elongates the body - a perfect proportion, especially for Rubenesque figures., She'll look, but won't touch., Apple executives say that going overseas, at this point, is their only option. One former executive described how the company relied upon a Chinese factory to revamp iPhone manufacturing just weeks before the device was due on shelves. Apple had redesigned the iPhone's screen at the last minute, forcing an assembly line overhaul. New screens began arriving at the plant near midnight., 4 cups hot cooked whole-wheat rotini, A spokesman for the plaintiffs' attorneys says the video, released Tuesday, shows the impact of the barge and tour boat from the Camden, N.J., side of the river. It was part of the official record compiled by the National Transportation Safety Board, which investigated the crash., Watching the surf crash into the pier is always a dramatic image. Its power is so inspiring that it makes me wonder why we're not harnessing it!, Along the road to the wins record, Paterno turned Penn State into one of the game's best-known programs, and the standard-bearer for college football success in the East., Developers make no apologies for their full-throated defense of these programs., Repairs had been scheduled to begin on the dam, which was deteriorating more rapidly than expected, in early February. But a severe winter storm postponed the work., It is pursuing that sense of touch that has defined Bensmaia’s career and his current research into mind-controlled prostheses, which aims to link the human brain to machines in ways that have previously belonged only to the realms of philosophy and science fiction., "I'm grateful to be working for an outfit that does good things," he said., 4. Public school graduation tests: Based on the percentage of sophomores passing all sections of the Ohio Graduation Test in the primary school district for each place., However, what the Indians are craving is some power., She was in good health and was reunited with her family, the detective said., Lisa Cochrum Personal Best, Courage and Tenacity Scholarship, Students will also notice one more big change., Many forgot that when Arizona was being chastized in 1987 for then-Gov. Evan Mecham's cancellation of the state's Martin Luther King Jr. holiday, Trimble said., “There’s been good response. A lot of people said they are going to be coming in,” she said., This will be the second winter in which county workers have applied the brining solution to roads before a possible winter storm., Kelley cautioned that the new system doesn't take the place of a resident's judgment. Any time residents feel threatened by a wildfire or other possible disaster, she said, they should play it safe and leave., Chief Financial Officer Lois Scott, who has spearheaded the Wrigley talks for Emanuel, could not be reached for comment., The woman escaped when her attackers stopped at a gas station in the 1300 block of Gravois Avenue, police said., About six years ago, Keating founded Group 669: Photo Art, a collective of artists who use a special technique to create images that look more like paintings than Polaroids. On May 18, the group will gather at the 23 Sandy Gallery (www.23sandy.com) to bid good-bye to their beloved instant film., Icenhower was named the Division III coach of the year in 1979 and 1987 and has produced 129 All-Americans, including 20 Division III individual champions and one Division I champion., The Blazers led by as many as 13 points in the first half as point guard Raymond Felton was backing up his pledge to push the pace on offense the rest of the season and LaMarcus Aldridge was playing every bit like an All-Star on the night that All-Star starters were announced., When it became clear that the Baltimore Grand Prix was in financial ruin and wouldn't be able to pay the city millions it owed in taxes and expense reimbursement — not to mention millions more it owed to the state and to assorted vendors — former Baltimore Racing Development CEO Jay Davidson took to The Sun's op-ed page to pin the blame on the lack of subsidies from the city. He suggested that Baltimore waive the fees it was charging the race organizers in exchange for a bigger share of the eventual profits., Today, at different times and places, a funeral is set for each., The event drew approximately 100 fans. A few brushed away tears., "You can actually stand on the edge and the dirt will fall," Daniels said., "He's been huge for us down the stretch," defenseman Matt Carle said. "There were some games where we probably didn't deserve to win, but because he played well, we ended up getting the two points. He's hit his stride at the right time, and hopefully that'll continue to mid-June.", Doan said Daly walked as he approached the car Bun was in. One of the fugitive investigators testified that Daly ran up to the car as Bun tried to get out, and the other said Daly shuffled toward the car., "Clearwire notified the City recently that the company was re-prioritizing its plans for additional wireless sites in Portland and has decided to either withdraw or place some site applications on hold for the time being," the announcement says. "Specifically, Clearwire has formally notified the Office of Cable Communications & Franchise Management of the withdrawal of, Other charges announced Tuesday include attempted armed robbery, weapons misconduct, and drug-related charges, according to the complaint., They don't just make that promise to themselves, they make it to their workplace teammates or to a group of friends who pledge to do the same., Interns work in the Black Rep's administrative, educational and artistic departments. They perform in the Black Rep's touring productions at schools and community centers. They take workshops with guest artists and teach workshops and other programs for children. Some interns have performed in Mainstage prductions at the Black Rep, one of the largest African-American theaters in the United States., The selection of an agent as presenter was unusual; then again, Faulk never was afraid to go against the grain., 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, But Obama's bill faces a troubled path in Congress, as Republicans strongly oppose its plans for tax increases on the wealthy and other spending provisions. Should the bill fail, Democrats are sure to remind jobless voters that the GOP blocked an attempt to redress discrimination against them at a time when work is so hard to find., There's a black and white clip (with Racing in the Street playing over it) of a car driving down Kingsley Street in Asbury Park, toward the Palace Amusements which was still operating, so I would say that clip is from the 1980s., NEW YORK -- Passengers on Spirit Airlines Inc. now face nearly $34 in fees just to buy their tickets online. The only way most customers can avoid the fee is to head to the airport and wait on line to see a ticket agent there., Buttitta was charged with two counts of official misconduct, possession of a controlled dangerous substance, hindering apprehension, tampering with evidence, failure to make lawful disposition, disorderly person, possession of a hypodermic needle and possession of marijuana under 50 grams., Romney's advisers signaled they planned to campaign on the issue but acknowledged they would have to tread carefully. "I think it's important to be respectful in how we talk about our differences, but the fact is that's a significant difference in November," Ed Gillespie, a senior Romney adviser, said Thursday on MSNBC., It's easy to see why., What: The premiere of a cable comedy based on Martin Kihn's book about the management-consultant business., conditions these firefighters risked their own lives to, 815 Knickerbacker Dr, $110,000, “Once you go to competition, you actually see what’s out there,” Delany said. “You see you’re there to compete.”, In one case, Dimora implied he got a job in state government for a woman he had sex with and has rarely heard from her again, the indictment said., Carl Moss, 41, of Akron: Trial begins Tuesday on charges of grand theft, theft, passing bad checks, securing records by deception and unauthorized use of a computer. He's accused of defrauding the Cleveland Browns of $64,330 by buying a suite and three club seats with bad checks., "Coach Riley is a great person and he has been very loyal to me; I'm excited to be on his coaching staff again," Perry said. "Initially, I wasn't thinking about the college level, but the more I thought about it the more this opportunity appealed to me.", For Tommasini, it was his first game for the Beavers since the 2010 season. Both he and Rodriguez drove in two during the Beavers' five-run fourth., But having a Halloween wedding isn’t just about the fall foliage, the costumes and the treats, she pointed out. “You’ll never forget your anniversary,” Bauer said. “Even when the kids are grown, we’ll be toasting with champagne and bite-sized Butterfingers.”, <U+0093>As we talk about the Spirit of Detroit, I want to submit to the world, as you look around you, this is the spirit of Detroit,<U+0094> Godbee said to cheers, pointing out attendees from across southeast Michigan. <U+0093>We work best when we work together. Wherever we are from, we are absolutely, unequivocally Detroiters.<U+0094>, Many residents have stated their opposition to the Route 513 site., Williams says the long-term goal is to build an attractive campus for students and visitors. Instead of building separate "boxes" to train doctors, nurses and dentists, the campus will encourage collaborative training for new health professionals., Like many of the technologies discussed at the technology sessions, those batteries are still extremely expensive, pushing the Volt's starting price to about $40,000. But Knight said such developmental leaps of faith will have to be common for automakers to reach the new goals., In St. Louis, the St. Louis Stars won the Negro National League pennant in 1928, 1930 and 1931., "I wanted to be able to do both," he said. "I liked the football program, and they offered a track scholarship. I was able to do both. It fit.", Former Congressman Tom Tancredo said one explanation for Romney's inability to wrap up the nomination could be that some people cannot bring themselves to vote for a Mormon., Erik Bedard struck out a season-high 11, including seven straight batters, and Pedro Alvarez hit a go-ahead home run as the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6-3 Thursday to avoid a three-game sweep., A: Sure, I've been to Michigan many times. I go there all the time. I rode motorcycles through there. I go up there with my sister. I've been to Detroit many times. I have a great friend, Chris Chelios, who played for the Red Wings for many years. I go up and visit him. I'm in and out of Detroit a lot., The southbound lanes of Interstate 55 between Reavis Barracks Road and Bayless Avenue in south St. Louis County, closed over the weekend for work on a new bridge, will remain closed until noon Monday., Not every downtown building is teeming with renters. The apartment association's McGreevy admits that some properties need improvements, especially with renters becoming more choosy., McLaughlin said the State Forest Service was more focused on gaining control of the fire., We are fortunate to have the Great Lakes right in our backyard. I found out that a billion people have to worry about water every day., It was a 1918 Lafite that a customer brought. It took 35 minutes to open - I wanted to open it just perfectly - and the customer was getting antsy. I told him, with something like this, to be prepared to drink it within 15-20 minutes of opening. The color was brilliant, and there were still little hints of fruit. It was an amazing experience., "Since he's graduated and come back to Winslow, he's done a lot in the community," said Petranovich, who is close friends with Bonds. "He's very active in his church. He's come up to the school a couple times a year and speaks to kids. He's a great guy.", The wine hails from Yecla, one of Spain's smallest wine regions. The area is notable for its extensive use of the red Monastrell grape, which is known as Mourvédre in France and other parts of the world., Frank Belluscio, a spokesman for the New Jersey School Boards Association, said he’s not surprised schools won’t be getting more state money given the still-dreary economic projections., Coughlin: He was no longer in the state Senate when the bill came up, but Coughlin says he would have voted for it had he been there., Economists expect the economy added 155,000 net jobs, the seventh straight month of solid hiring. The unemployment rate is expected stay for the second month at 8.5 percent, near a three-year low., Manager Joe Girardi said Sabathia felt under the weather before his final start of the spring. It was more reason for Girardi to believe that Sabathia will be prepared once the season begins on Friday., The Ohio Democratic Party says it is this: Those earlier trips appear to have been made to test the fund-raising waters for a U.S. Senate race, and should not have been funded by Mandel's state treasurer's race account., "All For Love" (1993) *With Sting and Bryan Adams, The deficits have been driven higher by the lingering effects of the worst recession since the 1930s. About one-third of the higher deficits in this period are a result of a drop in government tax revenues., A person close to Camby tells Broussard the 15-year NBA veteran would "consider retirement" rather than play for a rebuilding ream., So what could possibly balance out these horror-show headlines? For all the mistakes made by voters and their elected officials, in 2008 they also proved they could adapt to worsening conditions. It was a year of historic change that raises high hopes that the future will be better than the present., If you come by car, park in one of the garages a few blocks away <U+0096> 10th and I, 14th and H, Old Sacramento or Downtown Plaza., One oddity: Both first-team guards, Carl Nicks and Jahri Evans, were from the Saints. That has not occurred since 1953, with Detroit's Lou Creekmur and Dick Stanfel., Zogaj was known as "protected witness X" in the war crimes trial against a former ethnic Albanian rebel commander and now a senior politician, Fatmir Limaj., Thursday's twin blasts in Damascus were the fifth in a string of major attacks in Syrian cities that have clouded the picture of a fight between the opposition and the regime. It was the deadliest yet, in part because it happened on a key thoroughfare during rush hour, while previous bombings were on weekends., He reiterated that investors should target bonds "in the five-year range" and stocks that pay dividends around three to four percent. He also recommends real assets and commodities., Cast as Yvan, the struggling businessman and neutral friend, Morey Norkin becomes the peacemaker who cherishes his spot as the trio's joker. He is a novice stationery shop manager, struggling to survive and desperately needing the tranquil haven of this enduring 15-year friendship., Police identified the pilot as Russell Filbey, 58, of Edinburg, N.Y. The passenger was not named, though Marino said she was the pilot’s sister. Officials said both occupants walked away from the crash with only minor injuries, and were treated at the scene by the Lincoln Park Volunteer First Aid Squad. Filbey could not be reached., <U+0093>I will sing the hits, all the big hits, the way people remember them,<U+0094> she said. <U+0093>I'll do some things off the <U+0091>Sparkle' album, produced by Curtis Mayfield. And I like surprises, so there will be some surprises.<U+0094>, The devices can have unwanted side effects, too. With the implant, irregular menstrual bleeding is most common; some women stop having their periods altogether., Tony's take: If this game were canceled, would anybody care? Seahawks, 16-13., Then Kevin asked a funny question. "So is everybody up for a little crawling?", "King Me" was the first of what Glazen hopes will be a new original movie every two years. He and his team already have three offers from distributors for "King Me," and the next project, a feature film, is in development. Glazen will decide next week whether to proceed with it., The Beckers' farm is in the Kau district, which is gaining an international reputation for its excellent coffee, celebrated each year at the Kau Coffee Festival. This year's festival begins Saturday. At it, guests can sample local brews, plus food items with coffee among the ingredients. The event at the Pahala Community Center also features Hawaiian music and hula dances (http://www.kaucoffeefest.com)., Grabiak says the man told him, "I'm having a baby and wanted to get a buzz" and then pulled a bag of marijuana from his shoe., On the one hand, the Blazers enjoyed their highest-scoring outing of the season and LaMarcus Aldridge had another All-Star caliber performance in defeating the woeful Minnesota Timberwolves 113-102 before 20,239 at the Rose Garden., Davis, who lived above Nighttown in Cleveland Heights while going to school here -- "I got free jazz on a regular basis," she quipped -- isn't the only former Clevelander who has reason to celebrate., "Since this is a donation I'm making," he said, "I'd like to be the person who decides where it's going.", Director: Robin Hardy., 12:04 via Paul Coro, Arizona Republic, “I want to win a national championship and become the best player I can be," Cassell said in the news release. "I saw the potential the team has this year, but they just didn’t have the depth to get over the hump. But when they get all of us in we’ll be tough.”, CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A Cuyahoga County jury will dive into the mind of serial killer Anthony Sowell next week, as his defense team calls upon neuroscientists, psychologists and a cast of characters from his personal history to combat prosecutors' branding of him as the monster on Imperial Avenue., Click the gallery at right to see pictures from staff photographers Tim Farrell, Chris Faytok, Andrew Mills, John Munson and William Perlman at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis today., "We need clarity around the investments, and right now it doesn't exist," said Warren Wood, executive director of the Missouri Energy Development Association, the lobbying organization for the state's investor-owned utilities., "The fact that (Piedad) was arrested is disgusting," 89-year-old Delphine Von-Der Linden said today. "She did nothing wrong.", Here is an article by Francisco Saenz Sandoval celebrating Ruiz's career (it is worth noting that in Sandoval's telling of the story, the game between the Tigres and the Pericos had to be played because the two teams ended up tied for the pennant at the end of the season I don't believe that to be the case, at least not according to the Mexican League standings for 1963 that I've found)., "Sometime. Between. 1 and 4. In the afternoon!, They devised a financing scheme in which fees paid by wealthier heart patients, plus donations, would underwrite treatment for less fortunate ones. At first their clinic offered treatment only to youths from Bogota, or to those who could travel there., The gas derricks tend to be bright, futuristic-looking structures. Anchoring isolated, 24-hour drill sites, they glow at night like space colonies., “Why?” Christie asked the teacher., HOUSTON -- A few days ago, Stephan Shay posted a blog on flotrack.org -- a popular running website -- describing the concerns he had last November about his readiness for the U.S. Olympic marathon trials., My husband deserves the credit for coming up with the name. We had a long running discussion about how dangerous my spiky plant obsession would be when we finally adopted a pug, since they have such buggy eyes. When I mentioned starting a blog it took him about 3 minutes to come up with the name, it was perfect on so many levels. I garden on the edge of what is hardy here in Portland, which is emotionally dangerous (watching plants you love die a slow death isn't something I'd recommend). And, the money I can spend on plants, also a bit dangerous, financially., The plan, Siley said, is to address the homes that were ranked with a "three" in the four-point housing survey. Those homes were noted as needing the most improvement. But the city has no intention of leaving homeowners out on their own., 1017 Roxbury Dr, $101,915, Lyons received the NATO Medal, three Army Achievement Medals, the National Defense Service Medal and the Afghanistan Campaign Medal with campaign star., As we also have pointed out, taxpayers also see bricks flying at them from all directions. Gov. Jerry Brown is pushing an initiative to increase state taxes by $9 billion on Jan. 1. President Obama wants to increase some federal taxes on that date. Obamacare tax increases also could go into effect then. The current payroll tax cut could end then. And inflation sure isn't helping family incomes, as one sees every time the family SUV is filled with gas., Amid fears of future mega-quakes on the West Coast and mega-hurricanes in the Southeast, "my personal pessimistic opinion is it's going to take another disaster in a place where people don't expect it" to spur the federal government to act decisively on catastrophe insurance, she said., "It's helped him a lot," she said. "Not only has it improved his swimming skills but it's given him a lot more endurance and it helps strengthen that (right) arm," he said., "I believe this bill represents a lot of what the Republican Party stands for," Cranberg said, arguing the bill empowers people to be responsible for themselves., A character known as "Big Block Bruce" in Ohio found two Chevrolet engines manufactured within a week of each other in July 1966, and those went into the boat. The company that manufactured the vinyl located the original dies for vinyl used on the Rivas, and they retooled some machines to make vinyl for this project — with exactly the correct grain. So the boat has coverings that match the originals., Of course, I'm all for joyful, fun relationships. They can be a taste of heaven. But the conflict and just the complexity of permanent relationships can be a gift, too., CLEVELAND, Ohio -- When Actor Danny Glover was invited several weeks ago to join the push to keep the Hugo Boss plant in Brooklyn from closing, he didn't flinch., It remains unclear whether authorities were still trying to determine the scope of the program before the Ohio investors filed suit or if they simply failed to foresee the investment program was headed for collapse., Arkema admits to concern at first about how the locals in heavily conservative west Michigan would react to profane or raunchy acts. Some shows are promoted as "clean comedy nights," so it's clear by inference that some are not., Clemens, dressed in a dark gray jacket and tan slacks, stood next to his lead attorney, Rusty Hardin of Houston, as a court clerk asked if he was prepared to enter a plea., In all my years of treating patients as a dermatologist, I have never encountered anything like this., For most of the season, Wolves coach Craig MacTavish has maintained an even temper., The filmmakers continue to distill Holmes' intelligence to hyper-edited sequences in which he predicts how he's going to punch people, and Ritchie continues to demonstrate a knack for staging oddball action beats, particularly during an artillery-filled chase through a forest., Time commended Colson for helping to define compassionate conservatism through his campaign for humane prison conditions and called him one of "evangelicalism's more thoughtful public voices.", I think it came and went. There were dozens of reporters milling about—print, radio, TV; editorial writers, bloggers, cartoonists—and from seemingly every corner of the planet. I met Paresh Gandhi, a photographer for India Abroad. My assumption was that India didn't have many tall buildings, not that I've ever been. "There are some tall buildings in Bombay," he stated indifferently., An information technology worker accused of urinating on colleagues' chairs at an office in Iowa has surrendered to police., Spicuzzo was named to the sports authority board by then-Gov. Jon Corzine in 2009. Christie criticized the decision, calling Spicuzzo "probably the singular most unqualified candidate" for commissioner., "Like Rip Van Winkle, the legendary character created by the New York author Washington Irving, New York has slept through much of the past decade, while the rest of the world has passed us by.", Now, Obama says the rationale is that Syrian President Bashar Assad is killing civilians and continuing to support terrorism., Wieland (0-3) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings, struck out four and walked three., Starting: $44,400, The unassuming Tillery said her power surge has been a big surprise. But it's not like she was always a slap hitter. Usually batting cleanup, Tillery earned all-conference honors during each of her four years at Windsor High School, finishing her prep career with a .425 batting average, 84 runs batted in, 24 doubles, 12 triples and five home runs., Both teams could say the game shouldn't have reached that point., Ellen Lampe has seen abject, grinding poverty., Treasurer, Clairemont Branch, "I think after you get here, you set that goal for yourself every year," Aldridge said Friday. "Not coming wouldn't be good for me now.", It's unclear exactly how concerns over LoBurgio's performance arose, but Davis said it probably came up during routine case reviews conducted in the unit handling crimes against children., But the challenge goes beyond single words. You need to catch the tone of your chosen age. Our ancestors were more formal, more respectful than we are. Nowadays, give or take educational level, language is egalitarian. But in Tudor times, princesses and stable boys did not sound the same. Her vocabulary was more elaborate, derived from Latin, which she spoke and read fluently; his words were simple and robust and had English roots., Her father, Andy Polizzi, is involved in her team through NEP Snooki Enterprises, as he mentions in the video below. Poughkeepsie-based Final Round Promotions is also in on the enterprise., Both formulas are allowed by state law., I was lucky enough to find two affordable and delicious Crianza wines at West End Wines, 4906 Laclede Avenue in the Central West End. They were the Bodegas Palacio 2006 Glorioso Rioja ($12.99) and the Bodegas Vina Mayor 2006 Ribera del Duero ($15.50). Both wines are medium-bodied reds made entirely from tempranillo grapes, and both wineries are owned by Hijos de Antonio Barceló, one of Spain's largest wine companies., The rule would update an existing auto-safety regulation and cost "close to zero" because most carmakers already meet the requirement, according to the agency., Atlanta’s ability to police its own employees has come into question before., Parkway North High is now the second-largest of the district's four high schools, when only a few years ago it was the district's smallest, according to Tandy., "Given the structure of this committee, the only reasonable choices for the chairperson would be the airline passenger advocate or the state or local consumer protection official," Hudson says., Mahendra Dubey, a lawyer for Dr. Sen, said the court observed that no case of sedition had been made out against Dr. Sen. The court's rationale could not immediately be confirmed but it could represent a significant legal victory for Dr. Sen in a case that has attracted global attention., Puskas is being held in the Middlesex County jail in lieu of $300,000 bail., Did you ever see any physical changes in this guy that suggested he was "doing something funny, that he was using performance-enhancing drugs?, You start with a guy like Christopher Mattaliano., "Tuck!" Hennelly shouted at Giants defensive end Justin Tuck, headed off the field. Also calling out the player's name was his friend, Rob Eichelsdoerfer, who managed to catch Tuck's eye. He pointed in the teen's direction and threw him the hat from his head., The popularity of the 30-year, fixed-rate loans is skyrocketing, said Rachel Schultz, a housing specialist with the USDA., "This polling is also a negotiating tool on the part of the CTU to try to get a better offer," Estvan said., New Jersey's legislative districts are redrawn every 10 years after new Census data is released. After contentious negotiations, the commission's tiebreaker, Rutgers professor Alan Rosenthal, sided with the Democrats' proposed map on Saturday., McCrary and other officers "had no real reason to question him, I guess, " Borbonus said., A carefully prepared assortment of rillettes, pâtés and tartares is joined by such exoticisms as deep-fried pig trotter and rabbit mortadella, then finished with touches that range from dainty but flavor-packed gelatin cubes (carrot, cucumber) to tangy apricot-kissed mostarda., Senior Education Foundation: Reverse Mortgage Seminar for homeowners 62 plus, 11 a.m., Fridays, Marks Street Senior Center, 99 E Marks St., Orlando, free, details, 407-694-8650., The list of Detroit honorees from the National Association of Police Organizations <U+0096> which is a coalition of police unions and groups from across the U.S. <U+0096> included, besides Davis and Ball, Officers Melissa Adams, David Anderson, Bradley N. Clark, Rodney Cushingberry, Theodore Jackson Jr. and Lacell D. Rue; Sgts. Tyrone Guinn, Michael Ingels, James Kirklin, Ray Toufic Saati, Carrie Schulz and Joseph Turner Jr., and Investigator Amir G. Smith., In her new holiday resort collection, available in stores in Hawaii now and soon via an e-commerce site (check www.toririchard.com for updates), batik and ikat-inspired prints take on rich but sophisticated hues in silk and silk-cotton blends. In her spring 2010 line, which ships in January, the Jewel Box pattern in pink or black and tan suggests Pucci as much as a tropical pareo, while the Beardsley-esque Vine Dance print makes a dramatic statement in white-on-black tops and dresses, with more cotton in the fabric mix. There's even a white eyelet option for those who like prints really simple., By Tuesday, 5,000 Gilbert residents who live close to the site of the new Mormon temple will receive a DVD from a group called Concerned Christians., "Just as I was looking down, finding somewhere to breathe, I heard her," he said., Most oil-packed tuna in the U.S. is packed in soybean oil. Going back a few decades, somebody whispered to someone else that oil adds unnecessary fat and calories, so many people choose tuna in water. That's not a bad idea, according to the American Institute for Cancer Research. It notes that albacore tuna has the most healthy omega-3s of any canned tuna. Because oil and water do not mix, they also remain better in the fish so are less apt to be drained away in other oil. Four major health organizations recommend eating seafood twice a week for the benefits of omega-3s., Defensive turnover: Seven starters are gone from last season's defense. Co-defensive coordinator Luke Fickell said this is the biggest loss on the defensive side since the 2006 team opened up by trying to replace first-round draft picks A.J. Hawk, Bobby Carpenter and Donte Whitner, among others., Questions to ponder while waiting for Cincinnati Reds fans to get out to the ballpark to support their increasingly well-paid team:, In today's one-hour show, taped at the studio of Kansas City's public television station, the candidates answered questions about health care, government spending, earmarks, Afghanistan and global warming., Paul Domowitch, Philadelphia Daily News B "The Chargers needed to find some offensive line help, but didn't take an OL until the 5th round.", "It's amazing that there are almost no restaurants down here on the beach," says Zislis. "The fact that my partners bought this real estate — a four-story restaurant right on the beach — is amazing. Not only does it not happen in Manhattan Beach, it doesn't happen in the South Bay, period.", The most recent figures from the government's statistics bureau says the country has more than 650 coffee shops, 214 of them in Amsterdam. The number has been steadily declining as municipalities have imposed tougher regulations, such as shuttering ones close to schools., Police advised the family to chain Leo down, since the thief might try to complete the set. The family is debating doing that., Young lawyer Jennifer Herndon said that there was no evidence that Young knew Mock was asking for a hit man. She said that witnesses against Young, including a former cell mate, were unreliable or held a grudge., "I'm particularly disheartened because (Parks and Recreation) is going to charge the (American Legion) a fee, and 99.9 percent of American Legion kids are city residents," Beckering said. "There may be a pocket or two that live in the county, but they're largely city residents and they've never had to pay one nickel to play American Legion baseball.", He did not show a weapon or imply having one, police said. The suspect drove off in a white sport utility vehicle., “We want to apologize to the American public for recent decisions that cast doubt upon our commitment to saving women’s lives,” it said in a groveling statement. “We will continue to fund existing grants, including those of Planned Parenthood.”, The early site permit is the first step toward building a plant., NEW YORK -- U.S. Sen. Frank Lautenberg underwent his first chemotherapy treatment today after being diagnosed with a treatable form of stomach cancer and said he plans to battle through his illness and return to Capitol Hill for the remainder of his fifth term., Most likely to contribute early: Kelechi Osemele. The Ravens waited until the second day of the draft to finally address their most pressing offseason need: the offensive line. They lost Ben Grubbs in free agency and missed out on Evan Mathis, who re-signed with the Philadelphia Eagles, leaving a big question mark at left guard. This versatile, athletic lineman will compete for a spot in the starting lineup right away, either battling Jah Reid for the left guard spot or getting in the mix at tackle (he would be a right tackle, but there are potentially moving parts there in Bryant McKinnie and Michael Oher)., Expect an enormous selection of soups, fresh-squeezed juices, wraps, salads, sandwiches and pita "pitzas.", So he asked his dad if he could take the empty wine bottle left over from their dinner on the impending fishing trip., A two-sport star (he also excelled in basketball) at St. Peter's Prep, Lumpkin looks the part. Though he has actually added 25 pounds since arriving at Rutgers it has been a trade of baby fat for muscle. Now it's about mastering the nuances and technique of being a major college offensive tackle., Berry scored 11 of his 12 first-half points in the second quarter to help De Smet take a 33-26 lead into halftime., Elias Cairo, salumist, Olympic Provisions, It was a quite a debut for Jager, who had an injury-plagued two seasons after making the U.S. World Championships team in the 5,000 in 2009., The New Jersey Land Title Insurance Rating Bureau wants to raise the fee for closing service letters from the current $25 to $117. It would mark the first change in the fee since 1994., Yes, our natural assets are special and alluring., — In Seattle, black-clad protesters used sticks to smash store windows and ran through the streets disrupting traffic. Police arrested eight people., Despite these high rankings, downtown is still suffering the aftershocks of the recession, and the office market is working to regain its foothold. Because of corporate downsizing and relocations, a number of older office towers are struggling to compete. If Exelon wishes to create a net positive impact, it should evaluate its real estate options in the context of today's office market., Paula Little said she had asked the auction house to give her contact information to the new owner of the letter, hoping that he or she would show her the original., Dolly Varden has been looking to the past while planning the future. In January, the Chicago band came out with a re-mastered version of its first album, "Mouthful of Lies.", Part of teaching clients about becoming eco-friendly involves teaching them to use less. That sounds like a way to go out of business, not create new business, but it's a key part of how Nichols operates., Days of searching for two young girls and the kidnapper who killed their mother and sister led to the kind of terrain that favors the hunted _ high hardwoods and deep ravines near a red-brick church perched on a northern Mississippi hill., "I am sure this news will come to you as a surprise," he wrote, "but the reality is that it's time for me to seek new adventures and I am looking forward to it.", Trim the excess dough around the outside of the pan, leaving a 1/2- to 1-inch overhang that you can roll under the border to create a thick edge. Decorate the border as desired, either with the tines of a fork or your fingers., "The correlation between jobs and housing has been crystal-clear this year," Krosby said. "Parts of the country where jobs are more plentiful are the ones where the housing market has held up.", But that wedge is growing less and less sharp each day, as Republicans like us stand up and say what's true: Support for this issue is wholly in line with traditional conservative values., "Battle Royale II: Requiem" (2003) is entirely unburdened by logic, taking on accepted notions of terrorism versus freedom fighting, and "the moral certitude" of U.S. foreign policy. Unfortunately, "II" is a confounding mess with long scene after long scene jammed with unearned emotion and way-over-the-top acting., Public transportation., "Iran has lost a lot by voluntarily accepting the additional protocol for snap visits to nuclear sites before," said Hamid Reza Taraghi of the Islamic Coalition Party, who has close ties to supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. "The inspectors of IAEA turned out to be spies and our nuclear scientists were exposed and some of them assassinated.", Bennett also performed "Maybe This Time," "I Got Rhythm," "Cold, Cold Heart," "Sing, You Sinners" (which he turned into a clap-along, adding scat singing), "Old Friends" (a duet with Antonia), "Steppin' Out With My Baby," "But Beautiful," "Just in Time," "Because of You," "I Wanna Be Around," "Once Upon a Time," "The Good Life," "For Once in My Life," "The Shadow of Your Smile," "The Best is Yet to Come," "Smile" and "When You're Smiling.", "I had a gun to the back of my head with a countdown - three, two - and I'm just screaming and my kids are standing there, and I'm saying, please, God, don't let them kill me, don't let them kill my kids," she said., "Every time I've had surgery and the wound began to heal up, wearing these same shoes, or the previous shoes that I had, would just open the wound right back up," Vovkovinskiy said as technicians prepared equipment at a basketball arena for the shoe-fitting., According to court records, Robert Jarrett filed a petition in Howard County Circuit Court in 1996 for Christine Jarrett to be declared dead., With that big, red target painted on its back, the app promptly flopped, unleashing all sorts of gleeful bashing., But there was one category where St. Charles County was alarmingly bad, as in worst in the entire state. We have the highest percent of excessive drinkers in the state. Excessive is defined as binge (more than 4-5 alcoholic beverages on a single occasion) or heavy drinking (more than 1-2 drinks per day). It seems that when we're good we're very, very good, and when we're bad we are horrid., Tilden Regional Park: Entrances off Wildcat Canyon Road and Grizzly Peak Boulevard, Berkeley. No fees., "It gives swimming a purpose," Aschbacher said. "It's a really fun game that puts a lot of different skills together.", Immigration is one of the few bright spots in Baltimore's growth picture. The 2010 Census found a total of 44,000 foreign-born people living in Baltimore, about 7 percent of a total population and more than double the number living here 20 years ago. About 40 percent of them came from Latin American and the Caribbean, another 25 percent are from Asia and the Middle East, and 15 percent arrived here from Africa., No team with a fourteen seed, including the Peacocks (20-13) of SPC, is going to find a tournament game with a number three seed anything but an uphill battle. Purdue is a formidable opponent with a record of 25-7 and a rank of fifteen in the latest USA Today TOP 25 Coaches Poll. They have defeated top-ranked Ohio State and Big Ten powers Wisconsin and Michigan State. They also have the Big Ten player of the year in 6’10” JaJuan Johnson, a likely top ten selection in the next NBA draft, according to SPC Coach John Dunne., The five were charged in Family Court with the equivalent of murder, but the Middlesex County Prosecutor’s Office moved to have them tried as adults. The motion was granted on Sept. 16., He is just one of many evangelical Christian leaders putting aside their suspicion of the former Massachusetts governor, a Mormon, to support him against President Barack Obama ahead of this November's election., The reports are expected to add weight to victims' legal claims., That became clear as Mehlville, behind a balanced attack, rallied to win the final two games 25-16, 25-20 to win the match over the Cadets, the No. 6 team in the STLhighschoolsports.com rankings. The non-conference battle was the first of the season for both teams., But before the Timbers play the Sounders, there's this not-so-small matter of their game against Montreal at 5 p.m. today at PGE Park. The Timbers know they cannot afford to overlook the Impact in their quest to continue climbing up the division standings and run their United Soccer Leagues unbeaten streak to 12., 542: Number of trucks or carts cited for at least one violation during an inspection in 2010 and 2011., RICHMOND HEIGHTS, Ohio -- The booming apartment business buoyed Associated Estates Realty Corp. to a third-quarter profit, as the company saw rents rise and sold off two communities., One of the most infamous flair ups came last year with midfielder Bobby Convey, who was traded to Sporting Kansas City in the offseason. Convey, the team's highest-paid player, publicly criticized Yallop in a parting shot just before the 2011 finale., BNSF was faulted by the judge for withholding evidence, leading her to issue orders requiring BNSF to turn over crucial documents and compel company officials to submit to depositions, court records show., "I had chills," Korsover said after getting her former classmate's autograph. "I was nervous. I couldn't wait.", But what could have been a forum for a flashy homecoming turned strictly business; as rigid a victory as the look on his face. Early in the first round, Judah landed a right hook that nearly dislodged the mouthpiece from opponent Vernon Paris' teeth. He followed it with a combination so bruising it nearly hammered Paris into the mat., Many experts agree that police departments should do more to encourage officers to seek yearly mental health counseling., “I really enjoyed my work there, and that has basically convinced me that (computer science/technology) would be a good path for me to pursue in college,” he said., The three were tried as adults and were almost victorious at their first trial. That trial ended in a deadlocked jury., In a statement this afternoon, Brown blamed security for his early exit from the church., "If I do, I do, and if I don't, I don't," Mary Welte said of keeping her position at the plant., "We will not return to the path of higher taxes under any circumstances. Not on my watch," Christie says. Applause follows., To appreciate the Stooges' humor, you need to understand the Stooges. I soitainly hope so., The lower production and distribution costs also allow fashion houses to be more daring and experimental in their efforts. Marni's video for the 2010 Summer collection, released in January in collaboration with video artist Rohan Wadham, is a two-minute stop-motion vignette starring two almond-eyed white dolls. Prada's "First Spring," by artist Yang Fudong, is an esoteric, noirish nine-minute black-and-white film in which no one speaks a word., Rick Carlisle, Dallas -- -- 2 2, So the architects added a 6-by-12-foot addition to the back of the house that includes a bright new foyer with a bench and a row of windows that flood this narrow space with light. There's also a bathroom and a coat closet -- standard first-floor options in most new houses today. Next to that addition there's a new 14-by-14-foot screened porch with a pair of sliding barn-style doors., A few shots hot sauce, "At a certain point, I think even Occupy Wall Street, with its admirable ambitions and goals, may want to consider whether its occupation begins to exclude others," Kayden said. "Is it a public use? Absolutely. Does it mean it can be there forever? Far less clear.", "We look forward to working with the governor's office to review the matters in question in greater detail," DRPA spokesman Jim Salmon said. In the meantime, the agency will continue operating under the 2009 budget., o"Amar'e has gone through a lot this year. … He's a big piece of the puzzle," Woodson said. "I'm going to show him all the love and support I can give him.", Crowther calls Rizzo a few times a year, when she says coyotes start lurking around her fence. She doesn't care if animal rights activists call this type of regular trapping ineffective and cruel. She wants them gone., The bigger story was Angels journeyman Jerome Williams, who completely mystified the Twins offense., Remove a block of dough from the refrigerator and roll out over a piece of prepared waxed paper. The dough should measure 4 inches wide by 20 inches long. Using a pastry brush, paint long side of dough with beaten egg whites. Spoon approximately 4 to 6 tablespoons fig mixture into a 1-inch strip down the center of dough., There was a time when 9/11 wasn't shorthand for heartache., When the 4 hour 11 minute marathon was over, the Cardinals had their lead in the National League Central Division trimmed to one game over the Milwaukee Brewers., Hernandez was arrested in January on the front steps of the U.S. Consulate in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. He was going to apply for a visa to join the Indians this season. Dominican authorities reported then the player's real name and that he's 31 instead of his listed age of 28., Damian Ricketts, 27, will also be charged with using another person's ID, receiving stolen property, possessing stolen credit cards and body-armor penetrating bullets and bail jumping. He is being held on $50,000 bail after providing Port Authority police near the Lincoln Tunnel with an ID that said his name is Jahida T. Andrews., Patrick Keller, founder of Mo. Spirit Seekers, thinks it might be something else., "I sometimes feel that if he felt everyone was playing fair and he was found guilty in a fair trial with real evidence - he'd jump on the gurney himself"... although, Brodsky added ..."we don't have the death penalty!", Lynn Franco, director of private research group The Conference Board Consumer Research Center, said consumers "feel the economy is not losing momentum.", Gilbert officials said a 3-year-old boy who fell into a neighbor's swimming pool was pronounced dead Saturday afternoon after arriving at the hospital., put the local squad on top in the first half, scoring on a blast from the right side of the box. He made it 2-0 just after halftime when he knocked in a rebound after a shot from Zac Walters (Lafayette) banged off the cross bar., Weissenborn said police were aware of those concerns when Oduwole's car was left parked along a campus roadway on July 18,, The bill would reduce the state's current 4 percent cap on yearly increases and reduce the number of exemptions for certain types of spending increases that towns and schools can use to exceed the cap., Chamberlain, 65, who is also a chaplain at the Mercy Regional Medical Center in Lorain, said he also understands how combat changes a person, based on his work in counseling veterans who come to see him because "the horror of war has caught up with them.", 200 North Diamond Street, Our only gripes with the Baja center on the TRD exhaust package, which does not feel impressive from our ears or from the driver's seat. The note sounds more like an overworked hairdryer than the throaty or rumbly tone you'd expect from this kind of a vehicle. Still, if the point is to give the package small, significant separators from ordinary Tacomas, the exhaust tip does look good., When social security first began, there were seniors that could not fathom the concept of the government sending them money and did not cash the checks, or those first years of checks, my grandfather among them. He was a big man of Irish-Scottish descent, a former sheriff who outlived two wives and had 12 children., The first half had enough dramatic twists to establish the game among the rivalry's classic Three Rivers slugfests., Nick Callaway and his wife, Kari Klapper, are spending $277,350 to renovate the portion of the building they are leasing at 118 W. Fourth St. for their future brewery and tasting room., Enoch spends most of the rest of his time crashing funerals and being generally moody until at one funeral he meets the spritely Annabel Cotton (Mia Wasikowska)., Weather: Even an unseasonably cold Dublin January seemed a refreshing change from winter weather in the northern U.S., warmer by maybe 10 to 20 degrees Fahrenheit, with no snow in sight. From a kids' comfort standpoint, Ireland usually is neither too cold nor too hot. Bring layers and a good raincoat, and you'll be fine. Besides, in Ireland, it's nice to have an excuse to buy a sweater., Before digital licenses, New Jersey’s rate was around 18 percent, Roth said. But it’s not exactly clear why New Jersey is still behind other states., "He had a tremendous vision of what it means to be a good citizen," Dean Haddon said., 8 a.m. <U+0096> Lloyd Carr, Brian Griese, Just in time for the Oscars comes this impressive collection of five films, all winners of Hollywood's biggest award. Four come from the boutique art-house studio Miramax, which enjoyed an incredible run of films that were both artistic and financial successes., Cleveland Public Power found that the electric meter had been removed and the breaker panel smeared with feces., "The residents have their rights too," Sucorowski said., Sugar for dusting top of pie, optional, But Dave Snell did not study typical. The New Zealander graduated Thursday with a doctoral degree that examined the social habits of headbangers—heavy-metal music fans that are known as "bogans" in this part of the world., "It's kind of like having a worn out motor in your car," he said. "Do you wait until it breaks or do you replace it when you think it's going to break? I know the propulsion system is getting pretty tired and we're trying to be proactive.", It immediately became the hub of activity in what was America's 6th largest city, an emerging manufacturing powerhouse swarming with people -- more than 560,000 of them living inside Cleveland city limits alone., UNAUTHORIZED RECORDING: On April 3, a 25-year-old resident of the first block of University Drive, Granite City, was arrested in the 3200 block of Nameoki Road on a charge of unauthorized video recording and live video transmission., And just to make that point, I direct your attention to another marvelous invention: U.S. Patent No. 4180589, awarded in 1979 to Miller Brewing. Its title: "Preparation of a bland beer.", "DeAngelo sat all over that route, and you never want to start out like that," Flacco said. "It took us a drive to kind of pick it up from there, and you don't want to see that.", "However long the journey, and the arraignment was only the start of a legal process that could take many months," he said, "the United States is committed to gaining accountability for those who attacked and killed innocent people.", But the debate gave Egyptians a taste of the tactics common to presidential face-offs in the United States and Europe, as each tried to enshrine his image. Moussa presented himself as the voice of experience who can bring security to a country rocked by turmoil since Mubarak's fall. Abolfotoh depicted himself as the candidate of the revolution — kicking off the debate with praise for the "martyrs" killed by security forces and troops in protests against Mubarak and against the military that took his place in power., "Finding Kansas" includes an introduction from a mental health professional who specializes in autism, and a note from Likens' dad, Jim Likens. He writes of his pride in his son as a toddler and little boy showing such intelligence, then his shock and sorrow as mental health experts give him a bleak prognosis -- including one saying he'll likely become a serial killer., Arpaio arrests them as co-conspirators in their own smuggling., "I hope a good one. I hope they see that the Pirates are not the team that was at DePaul and that we're a good basketball team and that we deserve to get in.", "After multiple approaches and exhaustive troubleshooting by operators, the aircraft was positioned a safe distance from USS Simpson and the flight was terminated," the Navy said in a statement. "Subsequently, Simpson crew performed a nighttime recovery of the aircraft.", These Virginia natives started jamming together in the 1960s., I've used pornographic images, obscenity and poetry to try to make even the most doubtful blush, but I've never come close to Bachmann's insult to the gentle, honest faithful when she said the suffering and casualties of natural disasters were her God's message to wayward politicians. What she said was disgusting and not generally Christian at all. But her blasphemous message was delivered on the news as just that., "His murder affected us all. Laura and I worked with him," said San Diego County Superior Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel, a former federal prosecutor who oversaw the prosecution team at the time. The tragedy, he said, only stiffened Duffy's resolve. "She didn't flinch.... She didn't allow that to make her rethink whether or not she should continue with the case. She persisted.", It wasn't what any Carter would describe as Tony Award worthy. Rather, it was an opportunity for one of the Carter girls to offer an encore presentation of a speech for which she'd won a ribbon - and for the rest of the brood and their friends to try to upstage her., "People will start pouring in to pay their property taxes at the last minute," Santoro said. "You'd be surprised how many people wait until the very end.", McQuillan's is not the sort of story I'm typically drawn to. I tend to focus on technology-related companies and Silicon Valley trends. Then again, in a place where thousands of workers spend their days trying to right the wrongs in computer code, McQuillan might be the ultimate debugger., Henry said that Express Scripts has a strong track record of working with retail pharmacies, which will continue. "Ultimately, the consumer benefits because they'll still have broad access to pharmacies, their medicines will still be more affordable, and we're focused on improving outcomes.", Kwon, who registered with no party affiliation in New Jersey since April, was registered as a Republican in New York for more than a decade. He said he first registered as an independent in high school but switched to Republican after 2000 "to become more politically engaged, more politically active.", Romney has staked his candidacy on his ability to create jobs, but Obama said his rival was merely doing the bidding of the conservative powerbrokers in Congress and has little understanding of the struggles of average Americans., Kepler analyst Martin Voegtli who had based his Roche valuation, "Ramrod", Trifecta 1-2-5 paid $19.50, The rumored deal would also involve forward Hedo Turkoglu and point guard Jameer Nelson going to the Lakers, and the Raptors sending point guard Jose Calderon to Orlando. What Toronto would get in return is not known., Brett Favre wins his first of many … err, what was expected to be at least a couple. Desmond Howard’s electric contributions in the return game garnered him MVP., Reporter Marilyn Kalfus recently wrote about Frank Singer's cantilevered deck in Huntington Harbour extending four feet over state water and that the state is charging Singer $680 a year in rent., Diabetes drugs come with a long list of potential risks. Studies show that the drug Avandia has serious cardiovascular risks and also doubles the risk of bone fractures in women with Type 2 diabetes. Vegan diets have only positive side effects. According to the American Dietetic Association, vegetarians and vegans are less prone to heart disease, cancer and obesity than meat-eaters., "It's a little disheartening," Jeri Loftus said, as several inches of water lapped against the fire station behind her. "It's a little scary, a little sad.", Apparently eager to show off a command of idiomatic English, the author had loaded the text with an amusing but nonsensical jumble of clichés: ink spilled, ants in the pants, elephant in the room., Tatum was a 19-year-old sophomore when she was arrested on suspicion of attempted first-degree murder and child abuse in late February 2009., If you eat a lot of red meat, put down that steak knife and listen to this: Eating 4 ounces of red meat a day (that's an average burger) ups your risk of fatal heart disease or cancer by almost 30 percent, versus people who eat only 5 ounces a week., Affeldt said he heard a pop but didn't think there was anything seriously wrong. Then he woke up at 4 a.m. Sunday with throbbing pain and headed to the ballpark a few hours later after icing the knee with a package of frozen vegetables. An MRI exam revealed the sprain for Affeldt, who last Sept. 8 sliced his non-throwing hand nearly to the artery while separating frozen hamburgers., SeaWorld's decision comes one day after the Solana Beach City Council voted to ban plastic bags at the city's supermarkets, retailers and restaurants. Anti-bag advocates are hoping the move helps generate momentum for a statewide prohibition on single-use plastic bags., Terrell Owens was not a star, he was a cancer. Randy Moss was a star for a while, particularly in New England, but then he became a cancer again., "I represent the Latino people. We are human beings," said the wrestler, who wears a mask and whose name is not publicly known, from his Mexico City home. "I support the immigrant people no matter what country they come from.", Q: What would a new bridge cost?, VEHICLE THEFT: A vehicle theft was reported at 7:10 p.m. April 12 in the 7400 block of South Lindbergh Boulevard., STAY IN CHARGE YOURSELF. Ordinary TCI doesn't give you the flexibility to decide, in advance, that you don't want to risk visiting or cruising in an area likely to be hit. If you want to keep control of your own decision whether to go or cancel, get "cancel for any reason" TCI. Yes, it's more expensive, but it's the only way to cancel without a potentially long squabble with an insurance company and possible denial of your claim., This month, the board is expected to propose regulations that would keep students, even those with behavior problems, in school as much as possible. The regulations would do away with more than a third of all suspensions, according to the state's data., "Dude, it could have been fatal," the tech replied., "We can't be satisfied," Nelson said. "We've been saying it all along. We're happy to advance, but we're not done yet.", Nokia is being increasingly squeezed in the low end market by Asian manufacturers like ZTE and in the high end by the makers of smartphones like Apple Inc.'s iPhone and Research in Motion's BlackBerry., Using a measurement known as a "20-foot-equivalent unit," the 5.5 million TEUs handled in 2011 was nearly 4 percent higher than a year earlier, the Port Authority said., Michael Silver, Yahoo! Sports: "As ferocious as he was on the field, he played with a childlike exuberance that carried over into the locker room and beyond. Listen to Seau's former teammates mourn his loss, and don't believe for a moment that anything they're saying is insincere or exaggerated for effect. They loved the guy, and there were a lot of people who felt that way.", One of her best girlfriends, Brigitte Wurn-Christensen, said, "I met her through my garden club 11 years ago. Her garden was open that day, but Cindi and I came late. It didn't matter. She still spent two hours with us and sent us home with armloads of cuttings.", Cooper winds up being the star of the movie because of his loudmouthed take on Costa is the embodiment of that friend we all had in high school who we were never quite sure why we hung out with in the first place., The movie was produced by the Southern Poverty Law Center. Students wanted to make the posters to create awareness among their fellow students and staff. Digital Arts teacher Rachel Robinson, working with Vice Principal Jarvis Gomes and a group of teachers and counselors, decided to create the contest so they could open up the idea to the whole student body., "I could make a decision anytime soon," Hart said. "I was thinking May 22, but that might not work out … so we'll just see where it goes. I'm not in any rush anyway. I'm graduating early, but I'm really not in a rush.", The decision-making process began soon after No. 4 seed Michigan<U+0092>s upset loss to No. 13 seed Ohio in its opening game of the NCAA tournament., While keeping students entertained is the main reason for the program, the school gets the benefit of promoting itself to the families, Neisler said. He said about 30 students attend each of the sessions that run from morning to afternoon., The report says a video camera captured part of the Pleasantville girl's fall but not the moment she fell., Cunningham, Ahmad Starks, Joe Burton and Eric Moreland combined for 68 points in the win. This time, the four had a total of 15 points., Adding new locations to the state's slots program would require passage of a referendum to change the Maryland Constitution — a high hurdle for Penn National and others seeking to expand gambling in Maryland., o•Lisa Raymond on Monday joined doubles partner Liezel Huber atop the WTA doubles rankings as co-No. 1. Raymond is at No. 1 for the fifth time in her career, dating to June 12, 2000, when she first ascended, and it's first time atop the rankings since July 8, 2007. Raymond, at 38, becomes the oldest player to hold the No. 1 ranking (singles or doubles). According to the WTA's Kevin Fischer Raymond has 78 doubles titles (sixth all time) with 10 partners., Soon after, they hit the jagged ridge on top of Mt. Salak, a long-dormant volcano, leaving a giant earthy gash along the steep slope as it stripped trees., Instead, she hung in with help and guidance from the program and now is meeting the former president to boot., See for yourself: About 40,000 acres in Yolo, Solano and Colusa counties are devoted to sunflowers each summer., “I watched his cutter in his first start, the command wasn't there and all of a sudden you saw it in Minnesota. It was there in Detroit. All of a sudden you saw him starting to command the baseball better. That's probably just relaxing in the situation. There's a lot of expectations on that young man. There's a lot of players who deal with it here sometimes when you're a first round pick and expected to come in and put up huge numbers and be an ace. Each time that he has (gone) out I've seen his command improve.”, eyork@tribune.com, The nursing home lobby and Kasich are essentially vying for the attention of the public and of the Republican-controlled Ohio Senate, which is now considering the budget bill., Homemaker Maria Elena Escobedo, 45, like most of the women at the tent rally, waited hours to see Pena Nieto and Rivera visit Nezahualcoyotl. When the couple arrived, she joined the crowd in screaming: "We are with you all the way to Los Pinos!", As Europe's popularity grows, though, so do the cruise prices. Rates can be high, and cabins sell out fast. Experts suggest booking six to nine months out. To save money, Motter recommends sailing in May or September., I'm calling about the Humane Society picture. The Humane Society could have used a picture of a different breed of black dog. The pit bull has a very poor, very bad reputation. Just watch the cases on Judge Joe., That could mean gambling on more costly projects. The water authority recently decided to spend about $400,000 analyzing a concept that was last assessed a decade ago: delivering water from Imperial irrigators to San Vicente Reservoir near Lakeside. The idea is to bypass Metropolitan's pipes for part of the local supply, though San Diego still would rely on MWD to make deliveries from other sources., Police searched the library with a canine unit but did not find anyone, Rogers-Feher said., Fire out: Orange County Fire Authority firefighters put out a small fire Wednesday afternoon on the Antonio Parkway bridge over San Juan Creek. A small pile of debris was burning on the bridge – just north of Ortega Highway – that was handled by crews from two engines, OCFA spokesman Capt. Marc Stone said., 7 p.m.: The Ohio Independent Film Festival presents documentaries on Parisian couture -- "Theatre de la Mode" immediately followed by "Vivier" (House of Dior documentary). Cleveland Public Theatre, 6405 Detroit Ave. $10. Details: www.independentpictures.com., "We can only hope that Brigham will never be able to hurt, maim or kill another human being again," Tasy said. "however, it is extremely troubling that he still owns and operates multiple clinics throughout New Jersey.", Harrison has hosted the ABC dating series and its various spin-offs since "The Bachelor" debuted in 2002., You may not be convinced of any of that, but you might be encouraged by the steam emanating from A.J. Smith's ears. The Chargers general manager is limited in what he is allowed to say on the subject, but his position is plain and his anger is palpable. It infuriates him that the Saints could win a championship while conspiring to hurt people., Kyl said he thinks he has been an effective and influential senator, partly because of his collaborative working style and partly because he understands, after 24 years, how Washington works. He knows that his departure will leave a void., 86 A major jump in cigarette taxes that diverts money to hospitals for emergency rooms. NO, The goal, Cherokee Chief Chad Smith said, is to spread the use of the language among tech-savvy children in the digital age. Smith has been known to text students at the school using Cherokee, and teachers do the same, allowing students to continue using the language after school hours., The 10,850 square-foot store, which has an exterior entrance to the mall, is going into the space formerly occupied by the restaurant Wapango., brings up the question of whether dog breeds are capitalized., Who: With Jiro Ono, Yoshikazu Ono, Takashi Ono, Yamamoto. Directed by David Gelb. In Japanese, with English subtitles., To put some worries to rest, Berglund said the district was looking to hire permanent principal for the high school in the near future., No matter how great the potential for doing good -- from promoting a green economy to hiring the hard to employ -- deconstruction in Cleveland hasn't been able to survive without public subsidies., On the call, Edwards emphasized the need to preserve his campaign and keep the affair from his cancer-stricken wife, Elizabeth, Cheri Young said. It was a couple weeks before the 2008 Iowa caucuses, and two suspicious tabloid reporters had already tracked Hunter from a doctor's appointment to the Youngs' home., Four more years of a radical leftist in the White House would be unacceptable. And Will's notion that preserving Republican control of the House and winning Republican control of the Senate would checkmate President Barack Obama assumes a respect for the separation of powers, the co-equal branches of government, the prerogatives of states and the rights of individuals that Obama simply lacks., "Bea has always been a giver," said 84-year-old World War II veteran Stephen Rosmarin, who has known Cohen for more than six decades. "She's been doing great work and hasn't stopped. She gives us all that energy to keep going.", As in their "Shutter Island" talk, there is a Scorsese versus Schickel skirmish, albeit a polite one, that keeps surfacing in the book. When Scorsese tires of the author's probing about the mafia wise guys of his youth, he counters with, "could we mention my films that aren't gangster films? 'Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore.' To a certain extent 'Taxi Driver.' 'New York, New York'.…", Ignore him?, Finally, what's a meal without some greens? Sarah Kirnon, executive chef at Hibiscus in Oakland, drew on her childhood in Barbados for her Coconut-Creamed Collards, using a coconut-milk reduction to infuse the classic vegetarian dish., improved to 15-3. Highland, No. 5 in the area small-schools rankings, fell to 11-2, as Shannon Weiss finished with a team-best five kills., "Unfortunately, Mr. Curitomai has forgotten his own early struggles and is now oppressing his own employees.", The ruling in Kelo v. City of New London allowed the Connecticut city to exercise state eminent domain law to take over the property of several homeowners for commercial use. Justices said the court had always given local policymakers latitude in determining the legitimate public interests of their area., The $760,000 is not to build the sewage treatment plant, said Mayor Ron Sworen. Rather, it will be used to fund the preliminary work necessary before construction, including grant applications, permit applications, site appraisal and design, up to the point of seeking construction bids., Dana Lengkeek, a Yahoo (YHOO) representative, noted that Bartz was awarded her $2.2 million cash bonus in 2010 in large part because operating income and earnings per share doubled as she reined in expenses., Ethnic Koreans from northeastern China who now live in South Korea were intending to use the capsules themselves or share them with other Korean-Chinese, a customs official said. They were carried in luggage or sent by international mail., What both groups fail to mention is that the fishing program is funded entirely by hunting and fishing fees, which don't come from taxes and aren't legally allowed to be used for anything other than hunting and fishing programs. Whatever your view of the ethical aspects of fishing, none of that $365,000 is being pulled from teacher salaries or road projects., Half-full: The comedies "Midnight in Paris" and "Bridesmaids" combined for six nominations while "The Artist," a romance with a light touch, piled up 10 nominations on its own, including best film, director, lead actor, supporting actress and original screenplay., "They are rude," she said. "They will curse at you. I was glad to see the police here today.", Republic Chairman and CEO Bryan Bedford said he plans to keep the Midwest name, and intends to restore the Midwest to the size it was about a year and a half ago. He said he intends to get Midwest flying back to cities it had dropped, citing the recently announced return of flights to Los Angeles and Louisville, Ky., set to begin in August., Ireland said Tannehill was a factor in the team's offseason plans at quarterback, which featured the Dolphins making a strong push for Peyton Manning, and a lukewarm effort to sign Matt Flynn, who ended up in Seattle., In Robertsville, an unincorporated community in eastern Franklin County, an EF2 tornado touched down., Some suggest MySpace's blocking moves may be a calculated business strategy. Analyst Richard Greenfield of Pali Research says MySpace elects for different tactics, depending on the threat., Stuttgart overcame a 2-0 deficit to Wolfsburg with three goals in six minutes to win 3-2, Bayer Leverkusen won 4-1 at Nuremberg, Borussia Moenchengladbach enjoyed a 3-0 win at Mainz, and Augsburg ended its first Bundesliga season with a 1-0 win over Hamburger SV., We have finally delivered on the promise of health reform -<U+FFFD> reform that will bring greater security to every American, and that will rein in the skyrocketing costs that threaten families, businesses and the prosperity of our nation., Violators head to the "guided learning center," a sort of penalty box classroom where students complete the day's work without any contact with others., Gretchen Kafoury, former Portland elected official: "Obviously, he needed to go. He needed to not be re-elected all these times.", Lawmakers are considering proposals that could further drain students and resources from the district by helping city parents pay for private education, while forcing the district to give away vacant school buildings not sold within two years to charter schools., As early as July 2002, the DEP issued a notice to Spector’s company alleging violation of the Waterfront Development Act. The DEP said fill material was dumped within 500 feet of the creek’s high-water line., May and other south DeKalb leaders have voiced opposition to the proposed sales tax because the $6.14 billion project list doesn't include a long-promised rail line in south DeKalb County. DeKalb CEO Burrell Ellis is campaigning for the referendum, noting the project list includes $700 million for a light rail line from Lindbergh Station to the job center around Emory University and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and $225 million for an express bus service from south DeKalb to job centers around metro Atlanta., MUNICH (AP) — Arjen Robben has extended his contract with Bayern Munich through to 2015 on Thursday despite his dispute with teammate Franck Ribery during the Champions League semifinals., -- BAMA gallery - 946 Bloomfield St., "This will be a vote that Democrats will talk about through November as a way of highlighting the choice that people will get to make in 2010," he said., station 107.5 FM "The Fox" plans to broadcast from the event both days between noon and 2 p.m., The Heat have outscored the Knicks by an average of 97-77 in what could go down as one of the most lopsided sweeps ever if Miami finishes it off Sunday. Orlando beat Atlanta by 25.3 per game in a 2010 second-round series, and the only other four-game sweep with an average margin of more than 20, according to STATS, LLC, was when the Lakers routed San Antonio by 22.3 per game in the 2001 Western Conference finals., HONG KONG — A few days ago, an art professor from northern China named Li Xu was in a small Beijing gallery in the shadow of Tiananmen Square explaining the unlikely inspiration for one of his paintings: the $2.7-billion blockbuster "Avatar.", He said he never received any payment from Dimora and was paid by his, The prices are in line with most fine dining spots, but Café Americain goes a step further by offering premium caviar. It's expensive, but for those in the know, it's worth the occasional splurge., The school estimated there have been at least 888 head coaching changes at FBS schools since Paterno took the job. He is the all-time leader in bowl appearances (37) and wins (24). And he sent more than 250 players to the NFL., Bub didn't just keep educated, he kept the cards. Dozens of them from 1915 to 1928 were in a safe at the former Lake Erie Screw building in Lakewood, where he served as president. North died in 1956. Last year, a janitor who was cleaning out old papers in the safe came across the postcards., "I knew there were a lot of risks associated with using computers. I knew that cyberspace, it's an open frontier," he said. "But I didn't completely understand how big cyberspace could be, or how dangerous.", Akron LH starter T.J. McFarland (9-9, 3.87) allowed four runs (three earned) on eight hits and two walks over seven innings. He struck out six., Points went into a greenside bunker, and his 75-foot shot was below the hole and nearly off the green. He never came close to par, closing with a 71. That set the stage for McIlroy, who had a 15-foot birdie putt for the win. He missed and shot 70., “He is the 40th young man Pitman has lost over the years in various wars,” said Campbell. “I don’t know if another town our size has taken a bigger hit. It’s so upsetting. I served in Korea and every loss is like a punch in the gut. I want to stop putting monuments to our young people up in the park.”, "Kids get hyped," he says. "Ask friends with kids to bring the kids' favorite video or DVD. Try to have some things for them.", Seattle -- It's safe to say Johnny Damon is as close to being a Cleveland Indian as he can get without officially being one., Tim Tebow now has a restaurant table named after him in New York., property taxes on only a small percentage of appraised value, and tax rates vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Mr. Zimmerman estimates that the combined $433 million in lower appraisals will save Pinnacle and Harrah's a total of $16 million in taxes., Ribbon in holiday colors, In 2006, prison officials caught wind that Golden was behaving improperly with an inmate. Over 15 months, they investigated him three times for misconduct with inmates. Each time, he was cleared., "We played around with different sweeteners - agave, maple. The honey just seemed to complement the jalapeno best," Foster says., Answer - The next two paragraphs are an excerpt of a letter I received about the same time as yours: "I married for support and security. He married for love. ..., Using the witness' statements and comments about the knockout game posted to one of the suspects' Facebook pages, police took the seven teenagers - six boys and one girl - into custody., She was also a member of the Flight Instructor Hall of Fame at Oshkosh, Wis., the Kentucky Aviation Hall of Fame -- she was a Corbin, Ky., native -- and the Tennessee Aviation Hall of Fame., Fracking does frighten me. I'm hoping a lot more citizens will develop a healthy fear of the industry with its platitudes and self-serving research and insist on holding back shale gas extraction in Maryland., "We are hiring more people with advanced degrees, people with teaching and business experience," Peccia said. "The candidates today have been better prepared to work in schools than candidates prior. They are very skilled, more enthused.", For those who favor strict enforcement of immigration laws, the only option is deportation. But advocates say that will only divide families and tear a hole in one of the state’s close-knit immigrant communities., Zimmerman, she said, was ordered was held without bond, like other second-degree-murder suspects in Seminole County. He surrendered to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement in Jacksonville once he found out there was a warrant for his arrest., In hindsight, there were several warning flags as Bart Ross worked his way through the judicial system., Summers, the Oregon freshman from Estacada, cleared 6 feet while winning the high jump, a personal record by 1 1/2 inches. It puts her No. 4 on the school’s all-time list, and achieved a goal she has had since her first competitive attempt., The disaster is blamed largely on Texas' yearlong drought, one of the most severe dry spells the state has ever seen., "The name Goldman is still very valuable," he says., There have been 15,000 service members from New Jersey deployed within the last nine years, said Maj. Gen. Glenn Rieth, the highest ranking military official in the state. About 30 percent of returning service members suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder, he added., "How does he get off with a plea deal?" Currall asked, faulting Dow in particular., As the officers and the St. Andres sat in a row behind eight defense lawyers this morning, about a dozen family and friends of the officers watched from the audience., Under the proposed regulations, mercury emissions would be reduced by 91 percent, according to the EPA, which estimates the new rules could prevent 17,000 premature deaths per year nationwide, as well as thousands of illnesses, like heart attacks and asthma., Super doubles, 4122 Wenzel Ln, $123,000, And the feeling is mutual., No matter how magnificent the dunes, it was time to counteract a week of rough motels and dusty all-day drives with a little luxury. There are few better places in Africa to do this than the area around Sossusvlei, home to some of the continent's ritziest hide-outs. The priciest of all, Wolwedans — a resort composed of several lodges and ultra-luxurious tent camps — is rumored to have refused Brangelina and their entourage rather than rebook its other guests. Cheaper but still wonderful is the Sossus Dune Lodge, which provides the easiest access to the famous dunes., -Make the spiral about 3 feet high and 6 feet wide. If you make it bigger, you won't be able to reach all the plants easily, and some of the plants might get too much shade. If you make it smaller, you'll compromise the ability of the stone or brick walls to warm the soil effectively., Myth: A specialty camp, rather than a traditional camp, is the best place for my child., Durant, who earlier in the day was named the Western Conference player of the week, was a shell of his All-Star self. He made 8 of 26 shots, including 1 of 7 three-pointers, and finished with 19 points and five rebounds. It's just the second time Durant has failed to score at least 27 points this season and it's his worst outing against the Blazers since Nov. 1, 2009., Planning Commission Chairman John Dean said three members of the board do visit each site that's requesting a conditional use permit prior to making a decision., Nebraska left for the Big Ten and Colorado for the Pac 12 last year. Missouri and Texas A&M will join the Southeastern Conference this fall., Kevin Armstrong - 711, She said the problem in taste comes when the tomatoes are picked immature green, and they can't fully ripen., "Consumers continue to benefit 2011 from air travel prices that lag increases of other goods and services," says John Heimlich, the group's vice president and chief economist., Whole Foods has locations in Tustin, Laguna Beach and Huntington Beach. A fifth store is slated to open in October at Fashion Island., "If you agreed on something, stick with it," Maytorena said. "It sounds more and more like they don't want the team here. So the mood is definitely lowered, as far as excitement. I think that's pretty much the feeling for the whole area.", From the rubble and dust a new middle school will soon rise, but it will happen in phases., But traditional grocers have been responding in recent years by dropping prices, increasing promotions and expanding their private label offerings., High-tech firms have been among the companies benefiting from the gains. Cisco Systems Inc. in August reported a 79 percent increase in earnings in the latest quarter as its customers caught up on delayed purchases of networking gear., Blue Jays 7, Mariners 2: Edwin Encarnacion hit his third home run in three games for Toronto, and Henderson Alvarez won for the first time since August., And those who haven’t are trying., For instance, Ristovska said, they had an Albanian patient who didn't want a vaginal exam until the third trimester of her pregnancy because she thought it was bad luck., Transfer corn mixture to a bowl. Spread the chicken-chorizo mixture in the skillet. Spread the corn mixture over the meat. Bake 30 minutes. Remove dish from oven; turn on the broiler. Spread the cheese over the casserole. Broil until cheese melts and begins to brown, 3-5 minutes., A request that police check the family's welfare sent officers to the north Scottsdale home in the 9100 block of East Sharon Drive, where police made their grisly find., In 1912, the "State Fish Car" -- a railroad car -- was wheeled down the tracks to Waconia, containing an estimated 2.25 million northern pike fry, all of which were dumped into the lake. Ten years and millions more fry later, the effort paid off: A man named A.J. Schutz boated an 11-pounder., Family dynamics make a difference, too. Dads may be church-averse, but moms have clout on certain days., A preliminary accident investigation suggests that Hendricks lost control of the Honda on a curve, police said. Weather and road conditions may have contributed to the crash, police said., Humvees and even helicopters are of limited use in Afghanistan's mountains. There are few roads and the air is thin. But a 1,000-pound mule or 400-pound donkey can easily carry a load one-third its weight -- or more, if necessary., Obama earlier today told ABC News that "same sex-couples should be able to get married," becoming the first U.S. president to endorse gay marriage., "But he excels in everything he puts his mind to, and he's a great student," Loiterstein said. "We're excited he now has the opportunity to share his art with others. For him to achieve this level of success this early in life, is exciting. I like to see him get recognition for doing what he loves.", “I’d like to finish in the Top 10,’’ Miller said. “If I play three or four more solid years and stay healthy, that will be my goal.’’, "This is an important element to development in Fremont," Morrison said. "We look forward to the rest of The Block being developed and look forward to great success here.", Ubaldo Jimenez, COL -- 6-0, 0.87 ERA, 1.02 WHIP, 9.58 K/9, 3. Columbine beat (9) Bear Creek 38-20 (Thursday), Neighbor Jay Feiertag, a 57-year-old commercial real estate broker, who lives across from the Keenans, said he woke up to find police cars swarming his neighborhood shortly after 6:30 a.m., and Keenan outside walking back and forth while carrying his infant son wrapped in a blanket., "I have never had any luck with being a hard ass or winning arguments, but I know that at least a few of you do," wrote one. "How do you do it?", The strikers include militants serving multiple life sentences for participating in deadly attacks against Israeli civilians., KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) <U+0097>A suicide car bomber and Taliban militants disguised in burqas attacked a compound housing hundreds of foreigners in the Afghan capital on Wednesday, officials and witnesses said. The Taliban said the attack was a response to President Obama's surprise visit just hours earlier., "The transportation system does not end at the end of the Parkway or the end of the Turnpike," said Simpson, who chairs the authority. "It’s a network. People need to get all over the state, around the state, they take all sorts of roads. So that has to be paid for someplace.", Dontari Poe DT, Memphis, Execution would be tricky, but if the trust gains clear ownership by paying off the mortgage – why not?, “But it is the Canton Goodfellows that holds Nancy's heart and soul,” Supervisor Phil LaJoy said, announcing Spencer as the latest Hall of Famer., Bridge officials said Friday that they had been working with law enforcement agencies on a plan to keep the bridge open to the estimated 110,000 cars that cross it every day., That could make Tuesday a tighter race than some may expect, Sondermann and Atkinson said., What the Watcher is watching this slim-pickings week., "It's not something they do because they feel like they have to do it," she said. "They do it because it's in their souls to do it. It's a passion, and I think no matter where they go, they'll always serve the underserved.", Fewer get checkups, The rally was held as part of National Travel and Tourism Week, which starts Saturday., Rachel Saunders offers six different cupcakes daily and rotates more than 20 flavors a week. Decadent varieties include salted caramel and triple chocolate. Gluten-free cupcakes are offered on Fridays. Vegan cupcakes are available through special orders. Cupcakes start at $3 each., Suffice it to say, there isn't a safety net built for Gen Y retirement, and exposure to market risk is inherent in all investment funds <U+0097> including 401(k)s and IRAs., And he'll do so with the hearts of those not just in the Bay Area, but throughout the country., Joey Coulter, George Cushman, Mike Harmon and Bobby Gerhart were treated and released at the infield care center after a 12-car crash just 11 laps in., 636-938-5300, “I haven’t heard anything,” Pelfrey said. “I’m in the same spot I was (Monday).”, The 3,440-square-foot store is one of nearly 200 worldwide. It is on the lower level of Fashion Valley mall in a newly created luxury area. The store offers the complete Emporio Armani women's wear and menswear collections, including formal and casual attire, accessories, watches, eye wear, jewelery, swimwear and underwear., SAN FRANCISCO -- Hewlett-Packard Co. has decided against spinning off or selling its PC division -- a plan first brought to light in August by the technology conglomerate's now former CEO Leo Apotheker., In the Portland area, filings rose 21.6 percent in February. The increase was driven largely by an increase in scheduled foreclosure auctions, the initial filing for a foreclosure in Oregon., † Oversight. The City's Inspector General Office must be able to investigate the trust's activities. That isn't in the ordinance now., Owners Jim and Kim Patterson are consulting with their lawyers., The rise in jobless claims highlighted concerns about the economic rebound -- especially after a report earlier this week said home construction plunged in May after government tax credits expired., Maryland officials have estimated cleanup could cost $15 billion in the state alone by 2025, the deadline for meeting the bay's "pollution diet." Virginia officials have projected costs of $7 billion to nearly $15 billion., 901 Cole St.: Asian fusion cuisine and a wine salon next door draw patrons to this popular dining spot. The high ceiling and pared-down decor evoke an industrial vibe and keep the focus on the menu. Entrees include a hazelnut-crusted local halibut and grilled St. Louis-style pork ribs. Desserts include a five-flavor, house-made ice cream sampler and cheeses such as the Cowgirl Creamery Mount Tam. Ice cream to go includes Vietnamese Coffee and Roasted Banana flavors. (415) 566-3063. www.eossf.com., When Christopher Hanneken's body was found inside the Storage USA office in St. Charles on the afternoon of June 2, 2004, police noted that the surveillance tapes - for both inside and outside the facility - had been removed. That suggested that the killer or killers were familiar with the security system., "With four weeks left in the session, we need to get this moved out of the House and into the Senate," Stevenson said., His employees revere him, and ASI's flat management structure keeps Auer close to his troops. He can come across as almost the reluctant CEO with a whiff of the laid-back California "dude," but ASI's steady profits and performance — even in the dicey Florida property insurance market — suggest otherwise., If you’ve been watching television over the last 20 to 30 years, you’ve seen Bob Ross on PBS. You may not be certain what his name is, but he’s very recognizable. Bob Ross is that guy with the big afro and the blank canvas that, within 26 minutes, he would turn into a beautiful landscape with clouds, lakes, and "happy little trees.", Next Sunday: Delaware Valley Horsemen's Association Driving Show, DVHA Showgrounds, Route 604, Sergeantsville; CJL Farm Show, Hunter's Crossing Farm, 121 East Valley Brook Road,Long Valley; Golden Gait Farm Dressage Show, 323 Sweetman's Lane, Millstone; Mylestone Equine Rescue Open House, 227 Still Valley Road, Pohatcong (noon-4 p.m., 908-995-9300); N.J. Canal Ride 30th Anniversary, D&R Canal State Park, Blackwell's Mills, Hillsborough; ECRDA Championship Dressage Show, Saddlebrook Ridge Equestrian Center, 10 Saddlebrook Court, Shamong., "We were one unit, and we had a great chemistry," says Bennett, the sole surviving member of the Famous Flames, via phone from his home in Maryland. "Each of us did specific things on each song, and James Brown did his thing as a member of a band.", 2. "Contraband", Former Sen. Alan K. Simpson, R-Wyo., called Santorum a <U+0093>very rigid man ... a lot tougher than (former House Speaker Newt) Gingrich to deal with.<U+0094>, The guy who unintentionally coined the term Gen X is staying out of the fray. Douglas Couplan, the Canadian novelist whose first novel, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture," stamped the term in the cultural zeitgeist after it was published in 1991, is mum about the next generation., • University Hospitals Case Medical Center (tinyurl.com/unitravel, 216-844-8500) offers both an adult and a pediatric travel clinic (for travelers under age 18). Appointments cost $50 to see the doctor, and there is a separate pricing structure for each vaccination (a yellow fever vaccination costs $102, for example)., To settle that suit, the brothers surrendered virtually their entire fortunes to the company's bankruptcy estate. The trappings of their over-the-top lifestyles - mansions, exotic cars and yachts - have since been publicly auctioned or put up for sale., But Fernandez’s sister, now 24, is home after losing a roommate and not being able to find another to help with the rent. Her brother, 23, returned after his unemployment benefits ran out. Now, all three children are back in the same house., (Reporting by Chris Buckley and Andrew Quinn; Writing by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Ken Wills), The woman, 30-year-old Sandra Fluke, a law student at Georgetown University, wants the Catholic school to pay for contraceptives in its insurance policy because, she says, she and her friends cannot afford the cost otherwise. Apparently Ms. Fluke is not aware that contraceptive pills, according to John McCormack of The Weekly Standard, "can be purchased for as low as $9 per month at a pharmacy near Georgetown's campus." Or that some places dispense them for free, along with condoms., The phone call to the 9-1-1 dispatch center to report the fire was recorded. An arson investigator for the Camden County Prosecutor’s Office called the number from the phone used to call 9-1-1., "Their freshman year, they decided they could do it," Burnett said., 8 ounces flounder fillets, thawed if frozen (may substitute cod or tilapia), And despite the itchiness factor, Schoonover says, "It's impossible not to have a good time.", "There is no factual basis for this PPO," Griem wrote, adding that Bashara "chooses to take the high road and say no more.", The Camry has owned the family-car segment since 2001, when the Accord last beat it out. Honda strung together nine years at No. 2, but then hamstrung by low inventory after Japan's earthquake and tsunami in March 2011, the Accord slipped to No. 3, bested by the Camry and Nissan Altima. It took until early December for Honda to sort out inventory issues., In the final minutes of the fourth quarter, as Tebow engineered the winning touchdown drive, it could have been the old erector set. The noise rose and fell with the home team's fortunes until the final crescendo, when Syd'Quan Thompson found himself beneath the deflection of a Matt Schaub pass and gathered it in to seal the deal., But don’t get too used to it., WASHINGTON -- U.S. homebuilders are concerned that the struggling housing market won't recover this year and some feel it may be getting worse., "People will yell, 'Give him two, give him three!'" he says. "There have been times I issued a ticket and people thanked me for it, because they realized they were wrong. You get the good as well as the bad.", That said, in order to climb out of the 0-2 hole, they need Alex Pietrangelo. You can't win without your top defenseman. That's a physical disadvantage and it's adding to the Blues' psychological disadvantage. But if the club can get Petro back for Game 3 and convince itself that the Kings are beatable, that's the only chance the Blues have of getting back in the series., Hard to believe, spring training is already here. You know what that means, right? Only a few more weeks until the NFL draft. … My synopsis of the baseball season: (1) Pitchers and catchers report, (2) Spring training games commence, (3) Opening Day, (4) Pirates mathematically eliminated. … Did you see where Cheat, er, Chad Knaus, Jimmie Johnson's perennially rule-breaking crew chief, has been suspended and fined yet again by NASCAR? My question: When are drivers like Johnson going to start getting suspended for employing underhanded cheaters? I've said it before and I'll say again: What's the difference between Barry Bonds claiming he didn't know what his trainer was giving him to enhance his body and Jimmie Johnson claiming he didn't know what his crew chief was doing to enhance his chassis? … The issue isn't that the Red Sox banned beer from their clubhouse earlier this week; it's why baseball teams allow beer in the clubhouse in the first place. Just lends credence to what I've always contended: Baseball - the only sport where you can play 162 games and gain weight., The women's families said police told them they found the burned-out car on the city's west side Feb. 29, with a driver's license belonging to one of the women inside. The car had bullet holes where Brown's stepfather told police he shot to try to stop the kidnapping., The audit also cited $212,000 in legal expenses in calendar year 2010, listing fees by legal service., "I like to talk to everyone, look at all the proposals -- actually read the proposals -- and see what all the options are before committing to a particular approach," she says., Instead, over the next two decades, the 62-year-old minister in rural Elkader, Iowa, began hearing the stories of gay men and lesbians. Sometimes the people he spoke with were gay, sometimes they were people with gay relatives. The conversations caused him to rethink his long-held views and eventually shifted Klosterboer's stance to a point where he supports the right of same-sex couples to get married., LARCENY: A larceny was reported at 8 p.m. Feb. 16 in the 1200 block of Dammert Avenue., For his part, Romney said he’ll deliver security to Americans as commander-in-chief, just minutes after he delivered six pizzas to the firehouse., Crime increases in areas of high abandonment, police officials say., With Mitt Romney's nomination all but decided, Ron Paul supporters wrested control of the Maine Republican Convention and elected a majority slate supporting the Texas congressman to the GOP national convention, party officials said as the two-day convention neared its end Sunday. The results gave Paul, R-Texas, a late state victory with 21 of the 24 delegate spots., The Enterprise is ultimately headed for its new retirement home at the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum this summer in Manhattan. Last week, the space shuttle Discovery was delivered to Dulles, en route to its final resting place at the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum's Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center in Chantilly, Va., where it replaces the Enterprise., "We'll be ready. We've got to be ready," Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau said. "We can't feel sorry for ourselves.", Friends and community members are invited to the 2011 Tustin Area Man and Woman of the Year Awards Dinner and Celebration June 8 at the Tustin Ranch Golf Club, 12442 Tustin Ranch Road., Sheahan-Stahl said he will attend the commencement., McIntyre previously served on the EdTA board from 2001-2004., But Democrats struggled to overcome Republican insistence on provisions to block funds for environmental and women's health programs., Ethan France said that the Academic Team competition "is truly a joint effort and every member of the team did a fantastic job. We've all been proud to represent Central.", Cathy Goodson admitted lying to the FBI when she said that money was never brought to her house or counted there. Although she initially thought it might be drug money, she later learned that it was from the robbery, her plea says., If convicted, Henson and Russell could face millions of dollars in fines. Gansler alleges that 112,000 robocalls went out on election night, and each carries a possible penalty of $500 under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act., But the turnovers hurt SLUH because of the way Eureka was able to play keep away., The Kuberts recognize the difficulty of forcing change, but they’re approaching it with the same determination they’ve applied to their own recovery., "This recovery is taking its time," she said. "It's not a typical V-shaped recovery that we have seen historically. It is more of a U-shaped recovery that is taking its time to build its momentum.", "I know my Shelley, who's turned out to be fabulous and has had several stepfathers and what-have-you, is the joy of my life," he said. "And I want to help other little girls who are kinda lost.", Breivik himself has slammed reports concluding that he is insane, describing them as based on "evil fabrications." He said earlier this week the worst thing that could happen would be for officials to declare he has a mental illness, since that would "delegitimize" everything he stands for., Early Friday morning, an influential member of the large Mob PIRU Bloods set promised her crew's members would fall in line with the call for peace., "On Nov. 14, 2006, Beavers ‘caused' a check for $68,763.07 to be paid from Citizens for Beavers to the Municipal Employees' Annuity and Benefit Fund of Chicago to increase his aldermanic monthly pension from $2,890 to $6,541.", Nine-month sales were off 8.5 percent, to $1.37 billion from $1.5 billion in the same period last year., Your planter is presently empty, but with all the light in your room, you should be able to incorporate some sculptural greenery, such as the hardy mother-in-law's tongue., Nine people were brought to Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick. One of those nine, passenger Troy Nguyen, 20, of Royersford, Pa., was pronounced dead of head injuries when he arrived., Prahalis scored 28 points and flirted with a triple double and Hill added 23, including a critical high-bouncing 3-pointer, to lead No. 18 Ohio State past No. 20 LSU, 77-68, on Sunday night in women's basketball., Mrs. Radebaugh was known for her business sense, innovations and especially her bows that adorned arrangements and bouquets. Customers called them "Bobbie's Bows.", Corkage is $20, but the fee is waived for each bottle purchased from the list., Filner initially said it would be available in "about a month" in June 2011. Then it was promised in the fall. When the new year came, he continued to say it would arrive soon. He said he wanted to put it on the June ballot, but the March 9 deadline to do so came and went with no action., She and her husband, Stanley Reece, started their specialty cupcake business -- Stace of Cakes -- just eight months ago as a mobile cupcake truck operated from a converted Bell Atlantic truck., Pamphilon said Williams then rubbed his fingers together as one might do when doling out cash, saying, "I got the first one," which Pamphilon understood to mean the defensive coordinator had placed a cash bounty on Smith., Back at the main camp, Jim Clark of Beaverton and his son, Garrett, 12, have also put birds to bed, but rather than camp nearby, they just get up earlier, descending into a dark canyon, hoping to get close to the strutting grounds., Umenyiora isn’t expected to change his stance or his approach anytime soon, according to someone who spoke with him tonight. The person, who requested anonymity because Umenyiora hasn’t talked about his situation publicly, said the two-time Pro Bowl selection isn’t planning to practice Thursday., o The demons that engulfed Seau could have come for other reasons. But you look at the CTE grave sites left behind - Duerson, Waters, even a 21-year-old player from the University of Pennsylvania- and you know the question must be answered., 5220 SW Cherry Ave; 1,398 square feet; on 11/24/2010 for $285,000, The House, which approved the bill by a voice vote, must OK it with a recorded vote before it moves to the Senate., State Farm spokesman Doug Nadeau said the Bloomington, Ill., insurer decided not to renew some policies, starting in 2007., The lenses feature precision ground-glass, multi-element optics and anodized aircraft-grade aluminum barrels. The fisheye gives you an approximately 180-degree field of view; the wide-angle expands your viewing angle by around 2X; and the macro lets you focus on objects as close as half an inch away., The White House thinks Boehner is under pressure to stand firm because Republican incumbents fear conservative "tea party" primary challenges next year if they compromise with Democrats on spending priorities., California's electronic waste recycling system could be likened to a gigantic river. At the mouth of the waterway are some 60 recyclers who tear apart TVs and monitors for copper, steel, plastic and other components., LONDON—The fallout from Total SA's North Sea gas leak intensified Tuesday as the U.K. coast guard maintained exclusion zones around the area and Royal Dutch Shell PLC evacuated some personnel and shut down a nearby installation., The county also is required to pay $55 a month for each Medicaid patient in a nursing home, and there are 700 to 800 in such facilities at any given time. That's an additional half a million dollars the county may decide at some time to go after., The company, which will manufacture its signature single-portion coffee K-Cup packs in Windsor, wants the new employees to begin work within two weeks after their hire dates, Gilroy said., Christie's spokesman Michael Drewniak said the arm bands demonstrate a "disconnect.", Boyd scored a goal in a similar fashion in the Timbers' preseason game against AIK. However, that goal occurred in the preseason. Scoring his first regular season goal represents a solid start for Boyd., 4 p.m. Tuesday: Moodie, a Canadian writer, opens the symposium with a discussion of "discovering the other." The Black Rep will present his drama "The Real McCoy," about inventor Elijah McCoy, next year. (Hotchner; free)., The opening gala was a sell-out, with guests that included Denver Police Chief Robert White; City Councilwomen Peggy Lehmann and Mary Beth Susman; project architect Greg Howes; interior designer Keri McGuire; and the JCC's namesake, Robert Loup, and his wife, Robyn., Countdown to Michigan-Ohio State 2009, The ECO model is the most fuel-efficient version of the Cruze, a vehicle that can get 42 miles per gallon on the highway. At $18,500, the Cruze ECO is about $2,000 more than the base LS model., In their lower houses, Texas and New York have 150 members, each representing fewer than 140,000 people. That's more manageable., "Crime rates in the forest preserve are much less than the communities surrounding them - the numbers are much lower and the kind of issues we deal with are smaller issues," he said., But in August of 2011, it will experience something it hasn't seen in its previous 200 years: Cars driving 185 mph., "I'm going to enjoy seeing him relax a lot more and have time to do the projects that he loves to do," Ramsdell said., And exports grew strongly throughout the year in one category: sales to China. That nation passed Canada as the largest destination for Oregon's goods, reflecting China's growing role in the world's economy., Noodlecat server: "Stoner food.", Chicago -- Have you ever worked on your laptop computer with it sitting on your lap, heating up your legs? If so, you might want to rethink that habit., After Vice Mayor Madison Nguyen made the initial motion to approve the measure, Councilman Pete Constant followed with a substitute motion that tightened some language and added a request from Councilman Sam Liccardo aimed at thwarting union legal challenges. That move blocked any other potential substitute motions by Councilmen Ash Kalra, Kansan Chu and Don Rocha, all of whom suggested alternatives during the three-hour meeting. Kalra and Chu ultimately joined Xavier Campos in opposing the measure. But Rocha, a swing vote, noted the effectiveness of the parliamentary maneuver as he sought in vain to modify the measure and realized his only option was begging Constant to allow "friendly amendments." Constant's reply: "No," "Hell no," and "I'm not entertaining any friendly amendments.", Yahoo shares gained four cents Friday to close at $15.57. The stock hasn't traded above $20 since September 2008., 5032 Sutherland Av, $148,000, the validity of corporate bylaws that run St. Stanislaus Kostka Catholic Church, members of the Polish congregation are growing anxious about their future., I am required to pay into a pension system that state legislation has constantly underfunded. I am also required to pay for retiree health care that a judge ruled could be stolen at any time by this Legislature. In fact, the Legislature recently stole $1 billion in funds from the school aid fund that could have been used to make up for the lack of retirement funding from previous years. Instead, the money was used as a sort of corporate cash cow for Gov. Rick Snyder and his friends., WASHINGTON -- Health insurers will have to justify some rate hikes starting next year under a proposed federal rule that raises scrutiny for individual and small group policies that have slapped many consumers with soaring premiums., Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, cited a 1947 Supreme Court case that declared, "Marriage and procreation are fundamental to the very existence and survival of the race." He said sanctioning same-sex marriage could lead to marriages between "fathers and daughters ... mothers and sons" and "poly-amorous relationships.", The state also has something to prove, given its spotty record of successful interventions in local governance. Snyder and the financial advisory board need to show Detroiters -- most of whom just want the lights on, the cops to come and the buses to run on time -- that the state really does intend to improve the city. Will that have to mean new money for the city along with restructuring? Maybe. But the answer is less critical than whether whatever the state does actually works., “Why would somebody stay in Bergen County to be a superintendent?” asked Barbara Garand, the school board president in the Northern Highlands Regional School District, who worries superintendent John Keenan will retire rather than take the 25 percent pay cut under Christie’s rubric., -- SNL Kagan, Then there is the thornier issue of how to bring new wolves into the mix. Hedrick said introducing one or two females now would preserve the groups' adaptation to the island, increasing their chance of success. And the largely male pack would almost certainly accept them, said Mech., Q: Did Anton every do anything that surprised you?, We picked a January departure date and booked a six-night western Caribbean cruise. And our instructors, Lynn and Bob Kettenberg, scheduled a batch of remedial cha-cha and salsa lessons to whip us into shape., MOSCOW - Vladimir Putin appeared to shed tears of joy the night he won back the presidency in March. After less than a week in office, he may be tempted to shed some in frustration., What do you look for when deciding to give an emerging jewelry designer a shot in your stores?, San Leandro Follow the Reader is compiled by Heather Maddan. E-mail recommendations to follow@sfchronicle.com or mail Follow the Reader, San Francisco Chronicle, 901 Mission St., San Francisco, CA 94103. Include cost, address, phone numbers (as dialed from the United States) and your name and city. All submissions become property of The Chronicle., "Of course we try to keep our tradition and language alive," Globak said, "but the most important thing is that our kids grow up to be good, strong, exemplary people.", <U+200B>Harvest Table Fresh Food Eatery, Jo Ann Davidson, who chairs the Ohio Casino Control Commission, said she knew of one worker having a broken elbow and another, a broken hip., Hanjin Rome, from Seattle, at Portland Berth 605, Fourth, Quinn already is proposing 58 stunningly deep Medicaid cuts. Further cuts would be devastating., Much of Shostakovich's recently unearthed work apparently survived only by chance. A composer friend bribed Shostakovich's housemaid to regularly deliver the contents of Shostakovich's office waste bin to him, instead of taking it to the garbage. Some of those cast-offs eventually found their way into the Glinka., The deal is a milestone for JumpStart, which has invested $16.6 million in 47 companies in five years., The cheese originates at a cooperative dairy in the Loire Valley, where the 10-pound wheels are fashioned from pasteurized goat's milk., Manzo's odyssey has spotlighted the flaws in a 2 1/2-year sting operation that cost millions of dollars to mount and prosecute but never became the type of slam-dunk usually attained in federal investigations., "When you've got a long streak like that, you need somebody to pitch a game like he did, and he got a hit," manager Bruce Bochy said. "After that, you could feel the confidence grow in the dugout.", Right now, she's cautiously developing a second season for "Girls," in case it gets picked up., James Brown and the Famous Flames appeared on the label for "Please Please Please." The elevation of Brown and the relegation of the rest of the Famous Flames to backup status created dissension within the group., The scholarship was the end of a rollercoaster year for the 5-foot-10 Feagin. She transferred to the Brooklyn school from Ben Davis (Ind.) only to be initially ruled ineligible by CHSAA Brooklyn/Queens because of transfer rules. After finally being cleared, she and her Nazareth team had to mourn the death of coach Apache Paschall in January and deal with news of the school possibly closing at year’s end., The best current candidate for that job is rookie third-round pick Mohamed Sanu. Edwards has appeal as a more seasoned option., Here are all the important numbers and analysts' reaction from Apple's quarterly earnings report released Tuesday:, FICA, more commonly known as Social Security, is another program that the right wingers and tea partiers would love to repeal., On the show, to be aired this afternoon, Booker recounts his rescue of Zina Hodge – but not before producers unspool a nearly 90-second biographical profile that could double as a campaign commercial., Dmitri Nabokov, the only child of acclaimed novelist Vladimir Nabokov who helped protect and translate his father's work while pursuing careers as an opera singer and race car driver, has died. He was 77., GM said Thursday that it made $1.3 billion from April through June, its second straight quarter in the black and a complete reversal from last year, when it was forced into bankruptcy and the U.S. government took a majority stake., The measure, House Bill 2191, passed the House and Senate with unanimous support during the 60-day session. Rep. Paul Harris, R-Vancouver, signed on as a cosponsor., Every three months, Renae Hesselink, Nichols Paper & Supply's vice president of sustainability, climbs into the company's Dumpster., Hey, Ed: If you study your history, you'll realize the Indians started this "trend" in the early 1990s. They continued it through the mid- to late-2000s, but multiyear disasters to Jake Westbrook and Travis Hafner apparently shook ownership's commitment to such deals., Expect also to see higher fees for established "extras," including Internet access, spa services and "alternative dining" restaurants., 2:45 p.m.: Dorney says Neuman told her he disguised himself because he didn't want Andrea Sneiderman to know he had killed her husband., "Last year we finished second to Belleville in the South Division and then beat them in the playoffs. This year we'd like to win the South Division and the Fifth Division and make it back to the state tournament. But this time we just don't want to make it there - we want to win it.", "She gets her energy from people," said Renee Spence, who has worked with Grasmick for more than 30 years. "She can't curl up with a book and lose herself.", Dangerous conditions were not limited to New Jersey. Firefighters spent Monday battling a five-alarm brush fire at the former Fresh Kills Landfill on Staten Island, and could continue to do so for the next two days, officials said. They said the fire began in a large area used by the city Sanitation Department to store wood compost. Smoke from the blaze could be seen throughout parts of central New Jersey., 605 Encino Drive, $500,000, 04-02-12, 2,670 SF, 5 BR, In preparation for the lease’s end, the Georgia World Congress Center Authority, along with the Falcons, has been considering and exploring options that will meet the needs of our fans, our franchise and the authority, as well as provide economic enhancement opportunities for our city and region over a long period of time., All this presumes truth in labeling for alcohol levels, which often isn't the case - enough so that we tested 19 wines to check their accuracy. (See story above.), In beta from February, the formal app adds video calling in portrait mode and friend management capabilities including invite, accept invitations, block, and unblock contacts. It's a 6-megabyte download, and Microsoft says it will only install and run on devices using the 7.5 Mango version of the WP operating system. That would exclude some of its lower-end phones, like the not-yet-released Lumia 610, using an earlier Tango version., My knees hurt, I'm on the road away from my family, I'm a bit grumpy, feeling sorry for myself, poor me. And halfway through, I'm starting to have fun, to warm up, and then I have this epiphany, "You stupid old man, you're doing what you love, shut up and skate and just enjoy this." And so the second half, no more thoughts, just music and dance. A coat comes from the ceiling, I put on my tails, a hat comes from the audience and a man throws me my cane, and I go crazy and have a good time. And then my thoughts come back for the bow. And the bow is really silly. "I love bowing. I'm no Scott Hamilton, but I'm not bad." And it's a really fun program to do. I love props and I love hats. I'm addicted to them., Celesta Dinkman decided to purchase outdoor furniture for her Paradise Valley home from Paddy O' after looking at other stores. She bought tables, chairs and chaise longues and plans to buy umbrellas to complete the ensemble., "We've never pushed our commercial interests in our newspapers," Mr. Murdoch added., Protesters then marched through the Smith Memorial Student Union building. What follows is a running chronology of Monday evening's events, as reported by Oregonian staffers in the field:, The Americans had named a pool of 20 finalists in January, but with candidates Chauncey Billups and LaMarcus Aldridge already lost to injuries, they may now be forced to add players just so they have the allowable six alternates., “We didn’t hit a ball hard,” Manuel said. “We didn’t get nothing going. I think Garza had a lot to do with it, but our hitting is inconsistent and we have to be more consistent.”, "A significant portion will stay in Portland and Dell has committed to continue to invest in the Portland operation," he said. "The technical team has been very valuable and that's what Dell is investing in.", Deadline: 4 p.m. April 3 at Crestwood City Hall, "I wasn't scared, I was, There also seems to be a general understanding among students that this is simply the way things are right now. And that they won't stay this way forever. Relief could be coming as soon this summer or fall, suggests John Challenger, chief executive officer of Challenger, Gray & Christmas, a Chicago-based job consulting firm., What did wines rescued from San Francisco wineries and wine cellars after the 1906 earthquake and fire taste like?, So Courtney put his wine logo on the front of his boots and a gold tenor saxophone on the back. He's been getting attention ever since. At a wine event in Florida, organizers thought the boots were so cool they threatened to auction them off. When he wore them to a black-tie to-do in Dallas, even the Texans were impressed, he said., bench. It's tough to watch when you're losing, but when you're winning it's a lot easier.", Those green jobs, needless to say, did not sprout. Apparently realizing it couldn't deliver on its promises, AnsaldoBreda essentially surrendered the contract, and the MTA was left starting over again with the bidding., Guest soloists will include Sue McLaughlin and Amy Thach-McArtor in Antonio Vivaldi’s “Concerto for Two Piccolos” and band; cornetists Lu Ann Gresh, Mary Phillips and Marcia Nelson-Kline in Herbert L. Clarke’s cornet trio “Flirtations;” and Vicki Smith (clarinet), Nelson-Kline (trumpet), Lee Harper (trombone), Kyle Snyder (tuba) and Bruce Nist (drums) in Jared Spears’s “At A Dixieland Jazz Funeral.”, "I'm definitely starting to feel comfortable with every movement I make," he added. "It's just a slow process day to day and we're definitely right where we wanted to be. I can't complain at all.", And that, in many ways, made his still-unexplained death so poignant, at odds with the conflict-free world he depicted in his work., By 2007, when Colao’s practice was at its height, the spending on growth hormone more than doubled, to $677,000., Although demonic puppets are nothing new — check the films “Dead of Night” and “Magic” — that theme has never been presented as hilariously as it is here. Boyer brilliantly depicts Jason’s rapid-fire exchanges and climactic life-or-death struggle with his rampaging alter-ego., The Seattle-based real estate website said 32.3 percent of Portland mortgage holders owed more than their homes were worth in the year's third quarter. That's down from 33.1 percent reported in the second quarter., 12209 Roger Ln, $147,000, The number of attempts from the midfielders did not bother Blue Jays coach Dave Pietramala., Under the measure, the postal service would get an $11 billion refund of overpayments made to a federal fund to pay down debt and finance buyouts to 100,000 postal employees., “I regretfully resigned from the fire department. My obligation as an elected official serving the residents of Oldmans Township is a more important issue,” Miller said., The painting was discovered in December in the collection of a family from Italy's southern Basilicata region., "I pretty much begged," Martinez said. "I knew if I was going to prison that I would do the whole eight years. It would be me gangbanging harder than ever before, trying to fight with everybody.", Split buns, and thinly spread cut sides with mayonnaise. In a large saute pan over medium heat, cook buns, cut side down, until crisp and golden brown. Place one patty on each bun, top with avocado, salsa and creme fraiche. Serve immediately., A cashier's check for $25,000, apparently intended for the Nixon campaign, showed up in the bank account of a Watergate burglar., Ichiro Suzuki walked and Jesus Montero reached base on an infield single before Seager's three-run homer got the Mariners off to a fast start., My message to all dads, young and old, is the same: No endeavor you undertake will ever be more important than your role as a father, and no reward will be greater than one day hearing from your child, "Thank you for everything you did for me, Dad. I love you.", City Council on Monday passed the first two laws in its historic "Healthy Cleveland" plan., David Kazarian, a frequent Southwest customer based in St. Petersburg, Fla., has a laundry list of grievances about Southwest's new program, including new limits on mileage redemption, changes to the way mileage is earned and accompanying service reductions. "I thank them for making me realize that there are other airlines out there on which I can travel," he says. "It won't be long before we'll be paying for bags and change fees on Southwest. After all, they've forgotten the reason they became great.", MINNESOTA TWINS–Recalled C Drew Butera from Rochester (IL). Designated INF Sean Burroughs for assignment., "It wasn't just one customer," he said. "We had a lot of lucky people. For St. Louis, this is definitely a first, for our properties, anyway.", It is impossible to get lost at Papago Park because the land is surrounded by city streets. And despite the metropolitan surroundings, you can still spot jackrabbits bolting across the trail., "In order to compete in globally competitive and expanding fields like technology and medicine, we must make sure we give our students the tools necessary to excel in an important subject area.", Skillful cooking, sensible menus and plenty of fusion of French and California charm add up to a cozy bistro that deserves its loyal following., Sunderland AFC vs. Manchester United, 7 a.m. FX, Marshall Runkell, owner of Eco Tech, has installed Indow Windows in two homes, and is enthusiastic about the product., The five-year report also found that the current data collected by the bureau doesn't sufficiently capture the factors that cause an officer to engage in a search., 'Project Runway', He said a more likely possibility would be an upgrade from a stable outlook to a positive outlook. Schulz described Europe's debt crisis and corresponding economic sluggishness as a "big issue" for Ford., The common dolphin was five-feet long and weighed about 200 pounds., She views such spending as a red flag, a sign that directors can't say "no" to the CEO:, Projected games played for Indians starters: Sizemore 158, A. Cabrera 141, Choo 149, Santana 149, Hafner 114, O. Cabrera 150, LaPorta 143, Donald 88, Brantley 148., "Adversity is not a big deal with our team," captain Shane Doan said after the morning skate Thursday. "We've kind of handled it all year, it kind of rolls off our back. We've talked about it being a business-like approach and counting on everybody.", Even without controversy, it's a challenging domestic shoe market., The story seems the same no matter where you live or where you're from. The two of us, for instance, come from very different backgrounds: One of us is a fourth-generation New Yorker living in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn; the other was born in Guyana and lives in East Flatbush, Brooklyn. Yet our kids face the same emotional struggles, and we are left each year with the same doubts about these increasingly influential tests., "The cops were yelling at him to come outside," said Michael Cochran, who works across the street., Renner is Hollywood hot. Oscar-nominated for "The Hurt Locker" and "The Town," he'll soon inherit the Bourne mantle from Matt Damon in "The Bourne Legacy," out Friday, Aug. 3, albeit as a different character. Renner's Hawkeye, an elite secret agent and expert marksman, was briefly glimpsed in "Thor." His weapon: the recurve bow., NEW YORK -- One of Wall Street's quietest days in months ended mixed after investors spent the day waiting to see if Slovakia would block an expansion of Europe's financial rescue program., "What you have done was irresponsibly push for the tax increase without responsibly warning voters that increased taxes may well drive business out of our city and would most likely prevent new businesses from coming into our city," Bowen said., 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, The men ran in "flaming flying magic carpets," 4 1/2-foot foam boards wrapped in flame print material that they wore around their waists. After the race, Lewandowski said the costumes hadn't hindered their running., Investigators believe Kravetz called his mom, identified as Roberta Dougherty, at about 3 p.m. and that she apparently gave him a ride out of the area, Scott said., It may be my imagination, but it seems as if many dishes have gotten sweeter over the years., "I think hard times do make you a better actor," says Kitsch. "When it came to auditioning for ‘John Carter,' I was a lot hungrier for it than the next guy. I had struggled more than the average guy., "The fact that album sales aren't what they used to be means that bands and promoters are looking for different ways for the bands and fans to connect," says Cherie Weinstein, vice president of group business development for Carnival Cruise Lines., "If your plans for athletics don't work out you need to have a back-up plan. You can't accomplish anything without having a strong education. Plus if you are a good athlete that means you are discipline and most likely you will be discipline in the classroom as well.", Matheny said that Wainwright's selection for the home opener, in part, reflected a "reward to him. Opening day in St. Louis is special. I think it's a reward for our fan base. It's a big deal for them to see Adam after all he's meant to this organization., "Who on this stage can get America working?" Perry said. "What Americans are looking for is someone who can get this country working again. . . . We created 1 million jobs in the state of Texas. At the same time, America lost 2.5 million.", The bill suggests that the president should maintain a force of 68,000 in Afghanistan through 2014. Smith is expected to try to change that next week with a measure pushing for an accelerated timetable for withdrawing American forces., "... I think Seton Hall made a mistake by not (initially) saying ‘This is it, take it or leave it,’" Sharkey said today, hours before Swetland withdrew., 145: First, Matt Woodcock, St. Clair, pinned Deshaun Isaiah, Miller Career, :40., Opening the program was a rousing version of Dvorak's "Carnival Overture." Then the relatives began to show up., The machine looked like something straight out of a sci-fi movie, but she knew that a capable surgeon, Dr. Norman Lamberty of Winnie Palmer Hospital in Orlando, would be at the controls. Lamberty, a laparoscopic gynecologist with more than 200 robotic surgeries under his belt, says the new technology has made operations like the one he performed on Figueroa safer, with less blood loss and quicker recovery times., High school coaches will be the grownups on the sidelines on the first weekend of the season. They should realize that a personal message of support and appreciation for Tressel, maybe even an OHSFCA proclamation to that effect, is one thing., "Around September, October, November, that's the time you're starting to feel a pull," Stevens said. "I was sitting there thinking, 'Man, my team's playing right now and I'm sitting over here sweating, with 100 percent humidity every day, eating weird food.' It was tough at times, but it never got me too down.", Weeks later, Coburn's team, which included some of the Clinic's top doctors and researchers, boarded a bus for a formal pitch to evaluators from the National Academy of Sciences in Columbus., As the parents await word on their son's fate, the community's reaction continued to grow. A candlelight vigil was scheduled for Wednesday night, starting at Zaney's River Street Coffee House, the unofficial Bowe Bergdahl information center., Robert & Clara Hauser, "Somebody's got to make the tough decisions," he said. "So I'm off their Christmas card lists — too bad.", One promising example is Planned Parenthood's peer-education program, modeled after similar outreach in Seattle., Series history: The Blazers have won eight consecutive games in the series and hold a 112-69 all-time edge, which includes a 74-16 advantage in Portland. Portland beat the Kings Wednesday as Batum scored a season-high 24 points and Aldridge had five of his 23 points in overtime. The game featured 13 lead changes and 16 ties., All other industrialized countries have managed to come up with plans that provide universal coverage with better results at half the cost. Does this mean we are less caring or not as competent as these other countries? I hope not, but something must be done to bring us in line with the rest of the civilized world., Norma Robinson, "I like to take various pieces and meld them together until they make sense," Oberg said. "I believe in using what people have and what reflects your loves and your likes.", But the product they're pitching — minor-league hockey — is a little different than your typical LoDo startup. And they're doing it in a sluggish economy in a city with teams in all of the major professional sports., Once they understand you expect them to come up with the ideas, you expect them to grow it rather than sitting and waiting for the next dictate to come from the corner office, all of the sudden, you have a very vibrant, creative organization. That's how you get ahead. That's how you change before you have to., MEETING: TOPS IL 645 weigh-in, 5:30-6:30 p.m., meeting 6:30 p.m., Holy Family Community Center, 2606 Washington Ave., conference room, Granite City. 618-876-5726. Men, women, children welcome., But by Thursday, even Maadi had become too dangerous for Westerners, and the couple began searching for a way out. The plan was to hunker down in Rome for a couple of weeks, and pray the situation in Egypt improves, so they could return to their community sooner rather than later., A man in Baltimore shipped down 70 boxes of stuffed animals. Miller's Ale Houses throughout the region agreed to start collecting donations., In addition, in 2002, the Legislature eliminated the direct mail shipment privileges of New Jersey’s in-state wineries so as to protect our children and to collect all possible revenue. The decision, at the behest of New Jersey’s in-state wineries, was the right decision then and it is the right decision now., We built a lot of systems then in risk management, so we already knew how to turn the switch and employ practices. In the recent financial crisis, we started watching our cash on a daily basis. Newer people would not know what to do because they'd never experienced anything like these events., Neighborhood House, at 7780 SW Capitol Highway, has opportunities to volunteer in February--and year-round, said Development Director Mari Yerger., MetroHealth Chief Executive Mark Moran said in the press statement that Hagan had been "tremendously beneficial" to the health system., BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: Givers Gain Chapter, 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. March 30, Bellabrations Banquet Center, 235 Jungermann Road, suite 101, St. Peters. For more information, call Laura Bieker at 314-704-4183., And Romney? You have to hand it to him. He never delivers a knockout punch. He never gets off the best line. He never dazzles. But he never loses his purpose, he says everything he wants and needs to say, he doesn’t get flustered, and he is fluent and purposeful., The first Nike+ enabled training shoes will be the Lunar Hyper Workout+ for women and the Lunar TR 1+ for men., "They are an essential means of furthering our Constitutional rights of free speech and to vote. Our fundamental right to keep and bear arms has coexisted with these freedoms for just as long, and I see no reason to depart from that tradition this year.", He's taking BART to work. This station was closed yesterday, but he didn't mind going to the Lake Merritt station instead. "I have options, luckily.", The film is based on the book by Michael Morpugo and has been successfully staged as a play. Spielberg's telling is epic. His instincts toward the maudlin are on display at times, but the horror of war balances those tendencies, making "War Horse" a throwback capable of speaking to modern audiences., Following Taylor's murder, Quarles said he and other town officials got together to figure out how to clean up Inness Court., Orvieto has narrow alleyways and streets made out of volcanic tufa winding up to the 13th century duomo on the crag. With its glistening gold facade and Signorelli's visionary paintings of the "Day of Judgment," Orvieto's cathedral is one of Italy's most important Gothic specimens. Because the town also boasts 50 restaurants and 500 sommeliers for 21,000 inhabitants, the traveler's material as well as spiritual needs are well catered to., “A lot of small things,” he said of the positive bump in train usage. “They all add up.”, Is it class?, The 32-year-old maid told authorities that when she entered his spacious, $3,000-a-night suite early Saturday afternoon, she thought it was unoccupied. Instead, Strauss-Kahn emerged from the bathroom naked, chased her down a hallway and pulled her into a bedroom, where he sexually assaulted her, New York Police Department spokesman Paul J. Browne said., HEED fills that gap, she said, by offering a home in the midst of a crisis. By the end of the last fire season, she said Derr had placed dozens of families in host homes., The South Dakota woman wasn't certain how Smith obtained one of her checks, said Villaescusa. Smith and Lipari told police they got it from a friend who has a machine that can copy checks., K&L Wine Merchants, 3005 El Camino Real, Redwood City; (650) 364-8544. Also, 638 Fourth St., San Francisco; (415) 896-1734; klwines.com., in the sports industry from whom she sought advice that such a complaint could damage her career. Once Deadspin published its story, Sterger waited several weeks before agreeing to speak to the NFL for its investigation, raising speculation that she was hoping to reach a financial settlement with Favre in exchange for her silence. That, Conway said, was never the case., Nearby, another goat climbs on top of Joe Danielson of Lenexa, another 14-year-old volunteer., No, seriously, that’s what he called himself in a YouTube video he posted on Tuesday when he said the resident Giant back flipper Jason Pierre-Paul is a “great athlete but I’m one, too.” Wilson then proceeded to beat Pierre-Paul’s back-flip count by a touchdown’s worth, 21-14., The 6.99 acres at 1107 and 1123 N. Hayden Meadows Drive would host the building and 140,000 square feet of parking. According to Walmart spokespeople, the store would offer a full-service grocery department -- including a bakery, deli and fresh produce -- and a pharmacy. The store would be compact by Walmart standards and is smaller than the building currently on the site. Washington's Pacland and Portland-based TMT Development are leading development., In many Chicago buildings, the rental cap is far below 50%, and caps of 20% and 30% aren't unusual, says Kim Jones, a real-estate agent with Baird & Warner, in Chicago. Some associations are beginning to forbid rentals for new buyers, she adds, or are creating rules requiring that a homeowner live in a unit for more than a year before renting., - Goose Lake State Recreation Area south of Lakeview, "I'm all in right now," he said. "I don't think there's anything that can make me change my decision. I've thought about this really hard, took a lot of time, sat down with my family, talked to them about it so I've made my decision and I'm not going to change it.", Portland -- and Vancouver -- "Project Runway" clearly thinks we are looking good., Rangers starter Neftali Feliz (2-1) gave up one run on four hits and had a career-high eight strikeouts. Converted to starter after notching 72 saves over the previous two seasons, Feliz had a 2-0 lead to protect before throwing his first pitch and maintained the advantage -- just like when he was closer., During construction, Armstrong and his wife became friendly with Egon and Dorothea, even providing financing until the Schwarzes could sell their home in Cambridge. The families remained close friends until Armstrong's death., Months later, the phone rang. It was Joey. “Dad, I need your help.”, Lupus patients "witnessed the disappointment of one source of hope after another," David Stump, Human Genome's executive vice president for research and development, said on the conference call. "Today's action by the FDA changes all that.", Every year, more than 1 million Americans with cardiovascular disease have stents inserted to prop open clogged arteries leading to the heart. Overall, these stenting procedures are highly effective, but a minority of patients can develop complications., Recycle rigid plastics, clean plastic bags, plastic clamshell trays, Styrofoam, fluorescent tubes and lights (limit 30) and cellphones. Sorry, no electronics or batteries. Paper shredding limited to three boxes per household., Coming off a 2-1 loss to Toronto on Wednesday, Buffalo's lost two straight for the first time during a 21-game stretch in which they're now 13-6-2. Both losses have come at the start of a key six-game homestand, after which the Sabres play seven straight on the road., If she changes pharmacies, Dace said, she'll need to switch from a Walgreens that's nearby and open until 10 p.m. to either a supermarket or independent that is up to three miles away., 916 Kearny St. (near Jackson); (415) 291-1700. Traditional Italian fare sparked at times by the presence of the owner, Francis Ford Coppola. Film buffs will love the movie memorabilia. Lunch, dinner Tues.-Sun. Rating: TWO STARS-- $$-- Noise Rating: TWO BELLS, "So that's where I'm going to start, whether it's for a year, five years or six months," he says. "I see myself bouncing around a lot for the next 10 years. This'll be like the first chapter.", The Maryland State Department of Education reported Friday that 87 percent of students in the Class of 2011 graduated, up 2 percent since 2007. State school officials say they only have comparable graduation data for the past 15 years., She will dust off the disappointment, get some relief from her husband, who is a physical therapist, and roll back out to the track again., He reversed his path and bulled over six Raritan players before reaching the goal line in a more populated region of the field., Such a notion explains Weschler's long interest in the visual arts. His first job after graduating from UC Santa Cruz's Cowell College in 1974 was at UCLA, where he worked as an editor on a National Endowment for the Humanities-funded oral history of the Los Angeles art scene. It was here that he first heard of Irwin, who was approaching what he would later call "Point Zero," the place of ultimate reduction in which he sought to eradicate the distinction between art and the outside world. If this sounds abstract, it is, but it's also highly concrete -- the kind of apparent contradiction on which Weschler thrives., Also reaching the finals for Eureka were Levi Littmann (138), Zach Teahan (152) and Luke Gentry (160)., Players of the year: P Amber Sinamon, jr., Affton; P Raime Cohen, fr., Clayton, A report commissioned by the advocacy group Friends of the Earth contended that design changes in the new generators — including a different alloy used to make the tubes, a change in the flow rate, the addition of more tubes and changes in the support structures that hold the tubes in place — probably caused the issues., * John Lasch, 21, of Lake Drive in Williamstown, was arrested Tuesday and charged with violating probation. He was lodged in the Cumberland County Jail without bail., Survivors also include a daughter, Ashley Toler of Dacula; a son, Russell Fleeman of Dacula; his mother Bonnie Fleeman of Lawrenceville; two sisters, Faye Sammons of Lawrenceville and Donna Mitchell of Dacula; and three grandchildren., In my own life, I've experienced professional and top-notch service from officers from Orlando to Maitland. Heck, a few months ago, I penned a personal note of appreciation to the chief in Casselberry after I received help from the true professionals on his force., Ricardo Villar’s goal March 25 in the 25th minute was the last shot and the 245 consecutive minutes without a shot on goal is a MLS record, The Kansas City Star confirmed through the Elias Sports Bureau. The previous record was 185 minutes by the Colorado Rapids., -- From the University of Oregon, Secretary of State Jon Husted, a Republican who said he has not heard concerns about malicious crossover voters, issued a directive at the end of last year scrapping the old rules and allowing voters to switch parties unabated., The Cougars had their top finish from senior Sam Deitte, who tied for fifth overall with an 84., What picture, you say? A mentor of mine once provided this valuable learning experience about sports business. He asked: "Have you ever walked into someone's home or office and they show off their prized photo — you know, the one of the guy standing on the dock proudly holding the big fish at the end of the hook?" "Sure," I said., Santiago was charged with theft and possession of 50 grams or less of marijuana, reports said., The sound of saws and hammers has ended; the sound of tuning now begins. The musicians return this week from their summer hiatus and start their rehearsals, listening to each other and music director David Robertson, producing great sounds for the 131st season of the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra., Stephen Hill, Granted in the latter you need only one or two to win, star players are a little more difficult to come by in the NBA., But Howard made a late decision to remain in Orlando through next season, and the Nets scrambled to piece together a deal that could entice Williams to stay with them. Williams can opt out of his deal this summer and become an unrestricted free agent., For farmers, lower prices are also likely. Corn for December delivery was down 9 cents per bushel Thursday to $5.07. It was trading as high as $6.60 in September., A woman who heard the victim yelling said she went outside to check the man, who told her the teens did not say anything to him and did not try to steal anything., The only possible silver lining seems to be a recovery of the economy and enrollment numbers picking up again, which the district is counting on. Until then, Mills said, the district -- and community members -- are going to have to deal with "difficult decisions.", It was a slow, steady build for Simon Posford's psychedelic electronica after Shpongle emerged in the late '90s, but word of mouth and a few select live shows have helped bring the group's mind-bending music firmly to the front burner. With echoes of everything from Pink Floyd to trance, this stuff is straight-up sonic escapism, with a visually dazzling stage presentation to enhance the journey. Shpongle made its Michigan premiere with a much-lauded set at last summer's Electric Forest festival; this debut Detroit date is part of the ongoing Masquerade tour, which finds fans donning their best costume ball gear. Opening is Portland, Ore., producer Rain, here under his Phutureprimitive banner. 8 p.m., Majestic Theatre, 4140 Woodward, Detroit. 313-833-9700. $22.50., re-splitting aces OK, Harry is an adorable 8-month-old, neutered male orange tabby kitten who is looking for his forever home., Brian McLeod, a 12-year member of the Washington County Sheriff's Office and Hillsboro Officer Steven Slade, an 11-year member of his department, fired their handguns. Washington County sheriff's Deputy John Egg, a 14-year member of the sheriff's office, fired a less-lethal 40 mm grenade launcher, at Flores-Haro. They were huddled together beside another home, across from Flores-Haro's front door, about 30 feet away, their lawyers said., Although Harris downplayed the significance of Wallace’s race, saying he was more concerned that Christie’s move would politicize the court, other leaders were more blunt., Tebow prayed for the Lord to help him determine where to play, but in his mind and heart, the answer remained elusive. Thirty minutes before Tebow's news conference, he was still conflicted. Finally, he went to his dad, who asked, "Who's the one person you want to play for?", Phillips-Olivier, 54, of Cleveland, was accused of accepting bribes of a home air-conditioning system, a golfing trip to Florida and other golf outings, tickets to professional sporting events, drinks and meals from contractor William Neiheiser., Hey, Jim: Thompson's contract would have become guaranteed on Feb. 10. The Cavs wanted the roster flexibility with an eye on the trade deadline. They likely will fill that slot with players on 10-day contracts. As for Thompson, the Cavaliers did not own his rights so they couldn't send him to the Canton Charge., The calmer state of Spanish markets helped shore up the euro, which had fallen to a near four-month low against the dollar on Wednesday. It was flat at $1.2941 on Thursday., The Cardinal (Todd Van Voris) and Ferdinand (Jake Street) want their recently widowed sister, the idolized Duchess (Sara Catherine Wheatley) to remain unmarried. They hire a well-meaning security guard, Antonio (Vin Shambry) to keep watch over her. The Duchess, however, falls in love and surreptitiously marries Antonio. All is well until the brothers discover her deceit. The Cardinal has the Duchess secretly carried off, imprisoned and tortured by Bosola (Chris Murray). Webster's Duchess rises above her seemingly necessary dishonesty to become the heroic martyr who defiantly announces "I am the Duchess of Malfi still" as she faces death; likewise Fisher's Duchess maintains her dignity and refuses to surrender either her identity or her title., CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The company that owns the Stanley Block building is deadlocked -- a situation that might lead to dissolution of the ownership group and the sale of its only asset, the small building on Ontario Street in downtown Cleveland., Wykoff said he sought answers from the company on why Falfas left, but never got a satisfactory explanation., "Nine-year-old boy uses CPR to save drowning sister"; "CPR from bystanders, firefighters, saves Calif. man's life"; "Off-duty FDNY EMT saves police officer." Every year, thousands of people's lives are saved by family members, emergency personnel and total strangers who know what to do when someone's heart and breathing stops: Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR)., 2. World market indexes lower after elections, North Royalton found its winning ways at home against Parma, taking a 5-1 decision., Hart (27-2), which came in as the No.1 seed in the bracket, had a commanding 48-36 lead late in the fourth quarter when the Knights went on an 8-0 run., And the prospect of having to absorb huge losses on their bond holdings has caused banks to retrench. The European Central Bank's October lending survey showed that banks cut net credit to businesses by 16 percent in the July-September quarter. The 124 surveyed banks expected even tighter credit as the year ends., "We're going to help her clean up her yard," she said, walking with another friend. "We're community people. Dexter is a tight community and we believe in helping each other out.", An Ohio-based charity accused by the U.S. of having ties to the militant Islamic group Hamas has settled its lawsuit against the federal government., This offbeat anti-wrinkle tip has been around for years, and we haven't heard of any serious adverse effects, although using a product designed for one end (especially that one) near the other end usually isn't a good idea., This historic epic takes on one of the most hotly debated literary mysteries: Did William Shakespeare really write all those plays? This movie sure doesn't think so, presenting a cloak-and-dagger tale of political corruption, secret romances and deadly schemes, all serving to elevate Shakespeare to his lofty position., Poe was born in Boston in 1809, but left the city at a young age, after his father deserted the family and his mother died in 1811, Kaltenbach notes. Other cities, including Richmond, Philadelphia and New York, have museums dedicated to the author. Of course, Baltimore has as big a claim as anyone -- he lived on the westside as a young man, and died here., New deadline: 2014, 4 Teller Im Fast (Rodrigo Aceves) 6, And there's one more thing he hopes for as the city moves forward., Having Santa ride through neighborhoods on a fire truck "is one of the best things we've ever done," said Zour, who played him for a number of years. "It's our way of giving back to the community.", No one is a bigger fan of Santana's than manager Manny Acta. He's excited that Santana will get to spend all of spring training with Alomar, a former All-Star and Gold Glove catcher., Consider this contrast: When George W. Bush was running for re-election and Iraq was the central issue, support for the Iraq war remained at or slightly above 50 percent throughout 2004. He won 51 percent of the vote., o"I just became more aware of things over time. My brain got to the point where it had developed back to almost as sharp as it was. Recovering from a brain injury takes a lot of time. I have doctors now, and they said there's no way you can make the brain heal overnight. It's going to take time. They said I'm doing as good a job as they've ever seen at making the process go faster, but there's not a way you can just make a brain recover overnight.", F; Terrence Jones; 12.5; 7.0, "She's such a role model for young women who want to do music," Breda said., Economists and state budget chiefs say the best hedge is better planning. Budget staffers in New York, for instance, now spend more time studying Wall Street pay and bonuses to more accurately predict state revenues. The state's budget director avoids overly optimistic forecasts based on a previous year's strong growth., team broke open a tight game with a 10-2 scoring advantage in the second quarter and strolled to a win., Tester's note: The spare ribs are bulky; I needed to use two Dutch ovens., The lawsuit was filed in December challenging the constitutionality of the Oct. 20 law. But Jones agreed with state lawyers, saying the city has standing to challenge the law, not individual residents., "I'd like to preserve the small learning environments that have been cherished as a positive attribute of Bloomfield Hills schools," Roach said last week., 2 clementines or 1 navel orange, For my family, Zephyr Cove turned out to be the perfect home base. In the same morning, we could swim off Tahoe's best beach, then fly thousands of feet above it. The cove was only a few minutes from South Shore's casinos, but lacked the traffic and noise of the California side of town., SOUND BITE: "I don't think it's rare to find disenfranchised youth in the Midwest, which comes across in our music pretty heavily," says Hill. "An important part of creativity is limiting yourself, and finding the good things within your limitations. We've had people suggest that we should add a guitar player or add a singer, but that's not what Megachurch is. We want to work within our limitations.", FirstEnergy's performances this year and over the next two years is expected to be the focus of the company's annual meeting with Wall Street analysts in New York Tuesday morning. The session will be available live, Ten seconds passed. Then 20. It would be close to a minute before Matthew Gelfman, 11, slowly stood and walked to the plaque, doing what Steinberg suggested., The Church at Pierce Creek case is not even analogous to the Pulpit Initiative. The Pulpit Initiative is not about churches running full-page political ads in newspapers. Indeed, in that case, the church never asserted that placing the ad was part of its free exercise of religion. In contrast, a pastor speaking from the pulpit to his congregation is the "core" of the free exercise of religion. As you must know, no federal court has ever been confronted with a constitutional challenge to the government's restriction on what a pastor says from the pulpit. The point of the Pulpit Initiative is to create a legal precedent that restores the right of pastors to speak freely from the pulpit without government censorship or control., Happy marriage, It's time to tell the world!, Other Paterson public officials weren’t so happy. Board of Education member Jonathan Hodges stood outside the press conference with about 20 protestors, holding a sign that read “Christie: Don’t use black and brown children for photo ops.” Hodges said the school board didn’t hear Christie would be in town until late Tuesday night, and weren’t invited to the event., Along with their Black Keys output, the duo in 2009 worked with several rap artists - among them Mos Def, Ludacris and RZA - to produce "Blakroc," an excellent (and explicit) blend of hard rock, R&B, rap and hip-hop., Michael Rone was arrested Saturday. Police said he admitted to killing his wife during an argument., After making a brief stop for an engine change, the six-car train departed Baltimore at 5:16 p.m., going westward over the Northern Central Railroad, as city church bells tolled and crowds witnessed its "melancholy passage through the northern suburbs of Baltimore," reported The Sun., FOP First Vice President Rick Snyder said the move would free up 20 to 25 IMPD officers to patrol high-crime neighborhoods on a typical summer day., Signs that the U.S. job market thawed in November jump-started the gains. ADP Employer Services, a payroll company, said small businesses added the largest amount of workers in three years last month, well ahead of what analysts had forecast., open year-round. The activities are endless. The resort has three launch ramps and more than 100 boat slips, all free with your stay. Pontoon boats and fishing pole rentals are available. Tennis courts are open from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. every day with racket rentals ($3 per hour). Mountain bikes are available for rental at $5 for four hours or $10 for eight hours. A gift shop located next to the restaurant has everything from live bait to hand-dipped ice cream., "Now, it's a patio or new flowers," she said. "They get a project 80 percent done, then they want to change it. Whatever makes them happy.", Under the budget bill, counties now could decline to send out vote-by-mail ballots to those registered as permanent vote-by-mail voters. The question is what counties actually will do., not simply because it throws off an opponent as to a star player's availability. The idea includes creating a mind-set for his team to not dwell on who is, or isn't playing., While seafood is still at the core, there are now meat dishes, including, on the most recent menu, a hanger steak with celery root mashed potatoes ($28)., "We need a prolific offense," Smith says. "When we're in Denver, we need people to ask, ‘Hey, why isn't Peyton playing?' Our offense has to keep other offenses off the field. I'm focusing on defense. I want it fixed, but I also want Norv Turner and Philip Rivers together and functioning., Monteleone and Down made it to Silverado within the allotted four-hour deadline. Next, they had to make it to the Main Divide Road, some 3,000 above., Bob Schoelkopf, co-director of the Marine Mammal Stranding Center, said he was concerned about the latest group., "I'm the county chairman," Kerber said. "As part of the rules imposed on me before I took the job that I couldn't take sides in a contested primary. It killed me.", The middle-class thing is what's most important. A person could argue that power and wealth are always concentrated among a privileged few. What was it George Orwell said in "Animal Farm" - all animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others?, "I hear every day from people who say ‘I just got my card and can’t find any medicine.’ The card doesn’t mean anything,’’ Love said., Bill Hannegan, a leading critic of smoking bans, acknowledged Lindsey's tenacity. But he said her group overreaches in seeking to strengthen a ban that he said already goes too far., Expected or not, the old and new math calculating high school graduates is jarring. Given that the topic involves education, it’s easy and natural for any former student to equate the graduation rate with a classroom grade. It’s an unfair analogy, to be sure, but psychologically an 81 percent, a “B,” is a lot easier to collectively stomach than the “D” represented by a 67.4., The cost of tax services is all over the map because tax rules are all over the map. So are levels of service. On top of it, some unscrupulous preparers can pack on junk fees -- such as "check printing," "account set-up" and "return estimate" -- that drive up costs another $400 or $500 or more., In his new position, Quicksilver will oversee Charter's legal, government affairs, human resources and advertising sales teams. He comes to the company from the Washington, D.C., office of Patton Boggs, a leading public policy law firm where Quicksilver is a partner in the technology-communications and business groups., "Security," No. 11, Vitaly: Fennel pollen, piment d'Espellette and persillade (parsley and garlic chopped together), The crony capitalist deals with the Solyndras of the world are at an end. The massive health care bills that nobody can now figure out how to pay for are yesterday. The president can't keep fighting with this all or nothing attitude. It makes him look like Gloria Swanson in Sunset Boulevard, an aging starlet who still thinks she commands the crowds she once did., "When I was about halfway through," said Gross, 58, "I felt it didn't hurt to ask for a little help.", Tila Tequila, Johnson's fiancee, had been busy tweeting her anguish, but her official Twitter account has apparently been closed. She claimed that Johnson wanted her to have custody of her daughter, Ava, who has been living with Johnson's mother Sale and her husband Ahmad Rashad., Mitch Reid has heard that the Devil's Slide Tunnels might open as early as August 2012. Bully, you say! I am ready to celebrate, and I propose a pedestrian walk-through of the tunnels before they open to vehicular traffic. What say you, Caltrans? Do we have to beg, "Mother, may I?" See you at the grand opening. Wear your walking shoes., For sale, "Right now, we don't have a uniform addressing system," said City Planner K.J. Won, speaking to councilors at last week's public hearing. "We have a split that creates some confusion.", Jed Kolko, chief economist at Trulia Inc., a real-estate information website, said that increasingly "people choose second homes that are a shorter drive rather than a plane flight away.", of up to 155 years., 1006 CARPATHIAN DR $90,000, Maybe not through civilian eyes, but Brown easily connects those dots with a passion for movement and science and aerodynamics., Stern said he would like to add a year to the rule. Cuban wants players to wait three years (as with the NFL) after prepdom to come out. Cuban's idea is better., On Monday, Barry Evenchick said he was vacating his interim commission seat at the request of Gov. Chris Christie, after his permanent appointment by Christie’s Democratic predecessor, former Gov. Jon Corzine, was never confirmed by the state Senate., James then theatrically flexed his left elbow several times for reporters., Before the party, prepare cones by taping pieces of butcher paper, waxed paper newspaper or wrapping paper into cones for popcorn holders. They make clean-up simple., The indefatigable energy he employs throughout is even more remarkable when one considers that Hoffman spends his off-nights performing in another play. While his role in “Hanky Panky,” in repertory here at the Deron School, is not as demanding as performing a one-man show, he still has plenty to do in that comedy (and does it well)., The Hornets next play in the Wolf Pack Classic on Monday and Tuesday at Edgewood Tahoe Golf Course in Stateline, Nev., Along with classes in voice, dance, and acting, there are fun theme related activities each week. The themes for this year include TV, movies, theater, and circus. Elective classes may include Minute to Win It, Dance Jeopardy, Singing Bee, American Idol, and Famous Character Talk Show. Wacky Wednesday events include Come as your Favorite TV Character, Who Dunnit Day, Be a Clown, and Super Hero Day. Fabulous Friday workshops may include puppetry, special effects, mime, clowning, and magic., He graduated from Notre Dame and St. Louis University Law School, the site says., Jimenez will be starting on Opening Day for the second consecutive season. The right-hander won his first such assignment by holding Milwaukee to one run over six innings at Miller Park last year., Just like Coppin: Four No. 15 seeds have beaten No. 2 seeds in NCAA Tournament history, including a Baltimore school, Coppin State, winning in Pittsburgh in 1997 over No. 2 South Carolina. That happened in the Civic Arena, which is now in the process of being torn down across the street from the Consol Energy Center. Loyola is in Baltimore. Ohio State is not in South Carolina., "He wasn't a thug," Mark Covington, a friend and neighborhood activist said of Thomas. "The discouraging part is that, talking to him, the dreams and the goals that he had. He wanted to raise his daughter. That's all he thought about, that's all he wanted to do was raise his daughter.", Hayes also owes past-due payroll taxes totaling approximately $1 million, according to a document filed in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court by Huntington National Bank, which says ATSI and Hayes have missed payments on a $2.7 million business loan. The document, which is part of the bank's larger complaint, doesn't detail the circumstances or say specifically to whom ATSI owes the payroll taxes., Best remembered as the overconfident Kirk in the Star Trek reboot and as the conductor of the runaway train in Unstoppable, Pine would not be able to keep up with Hardy in a shooting range or boxing ring. But as FDR, who runs into Lauren in a video store (they still have those?) right after her blind date with Tuck, Pine keeps Hardy on the ropes., Sacramento has been cursed with the Maloofs., With an eye toward the myriad obstacles standing in the way of successful start-ups, Stude assembled a crew capable of covering all the bases from software and website development to marketing to projected financial outcomes., "No one is demonizing gay people," Mott said., Pat Brady, the state GOP chairman, said Ruscitti had been named as co-chair of the Republicans’ Illinois “victory” operation, a program that recruited voters in the 2010 election cycle., At this time last year, and through the spring, NFL draft sites had Harris pegged as a first-round pick in 2012. Blount on the other hand never received higher than a third-round grade, so he had a shorter distance to fall out of the draft. Plus, his transgression involved on-field assault and a complete lack of self-control. NFL teams don't like that much., Knowing this Spanish dominance, it's not surprising to see a grenache rosé from southern Oregon's Abacela winery, which has, since its inception in the mid-1990s, devoted itself to Spanish grape varieties., "Eduardo, I need to talk to you sir. For real! Hit me up," said one Facebook user on Mr. Saverin's public Facebook page., But how would we citizens be able to tell when our civic literacy is so shoddy <U+0096> and are we electing civic illiterates as a result?, Detroit Zoological Society, Fouls: Fossil Ridge 5-4 — 9; Fort Collins 3-2 — 5., 3. Greg Schuler (Laurel), 40:47, Olympic visitors could also encounter delays just getting into Britain, with a growing furor over recent snaking lines and lengthy delays at Heathrow Airport's immigration desks., The committee meets again next month., Video Guidance, Bloomington, a visual communications company, has formed a strategic partnership with VQ Communications, a British manufacturer of service delivery software for the videoconferencing industry., Perhaps Elisabeth's most generous gift has been her foundation, which, since her death in 1944, has invested more than $130 million to strengthen health-care institutions in Greater Cleveland., "We are experiencing deep political divisions in our society right now," Lugar, 80, one of the nation's longest-serving senators, said in a statement after Tuesday's election results were known. "These divisions have stalemated progress in critical areas. But these divisions are not insurmountable.", The color is elegant and balanced between light and dark. The aroma is a blend of pretty floral components and richer fresh plum, dark cherry and a hint of dark chocolate. The taste dances across the palate. It's bright with fruit acid and complex with notes of the aromatics. 90 points., PAPAGO PARK, She wonders why the hill climb isn't better known by auto racing fans. She hears more about the race in Europe and Asia than in her home state., As proposed, the measure would have required students far behind on reading skills by the end of third grade to be held back without a superintendent's permission. The measure was changed to require parents of those students to hear a discussion about retention, but not mandate flunking., CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Bill Wynne always enthralls an audience with his story about World War II and the unlikeliest of heroes, Smoky the Yorkshire terrier. The former Plain Dealer photographer and reporter, 89, used plenty of pictures and a fancy PowerPoint in his presentation, sharing the story of how he got Smoky in New Guinea and trained him to do important tasks and to just brighten the day of the troops and the injured., But voters were turning down school taxes in North Olmsted and Parma., When the meeting ends, I head for the local KOA campground on the bank of the river. The air is cold, the sky awash in stars and I sleep beautifully on the van's fold-down couch., The ratings difference was even bigger for the semifinal rounds. The NBA averaged a 3.7 rating, the NHL number was 1.0., Since Knight's departure, to become executive director of the Djerassi Resident Artists Program in California, United Arts chief financial officer Juliana Steele has served as interim president., The Vinifera tour, which costs $45 and culminates with a tasting of five wines, is guided and may take longer than 45 minutes depending on what people in the group want., “‘I need to work out. I need to stay in football shape and you’re kind enough to let us use the field.’”, 230 Hillsdale Dr, $73,000, Pettitte, who is trying to make a comeback at 39, clearly was uncomfortable testifying against Clemens, his former teammate and one-time mentor., Sunnis blame Shiites for supporting the brutal Shiite-allied regime, and Shiites fear what could happen to them if the uprising succeeds. The killings and distrust have shattered decades of peaceful coexistence, raising the specter of the type of sectarian war in neighboring Iraq that has long terrified many Syrians., What about the others?, Jan. 29, Copley Symphony Hall: Joffrey Ballet, “His attack was vicious, violent and cowardly,” Clayton County Assistant District Attorney Jason Green told the jury Tuesday during his opening statement. “Evidence will show that Jonathan Bun knew exactly what he had done.”, NEW YORK – Chris Schwinden’s time in the Mets rotation has ended. The team shipped Schwinden to Triple-A Buffalo earlier today, and recalled utility infielder Vinny Rottino to take his place on the big-league roster., He toured her through the Gorge, the Cascades and his beloved Steens and Hart mountains. They backpacked in the Wallowas and along the Rogue River, hiking more than 200 miles one summer., Mike Lupica, New York Daily News: "Gary Carter helped make the Mets champions as much as Hernandez did. In a clubhouse full of bad boys and bad behavior and bad habits, he was such a good man. And as great as he was with the Montreal Expos, he will always be a Met out of October of 1986 . . . when there were two outs in the bottom of the 10th in Game 6 of the World Series, two outs and nobody on, when the team that had won 108 games in the regular season and then won that wonderful NLCS against the Astros was that close to going home, Kid was the first to absolutely refuse to make the last out of the World Series. He singled, Kevin Mitchell and Ray Knight singled. Finally Mookie, with that slow roller down the first base line, like the whole season rolled right through Bill Buckner's legs in that moment.", Priority: Find the balance between maintaining services and meeting economic goals., When City Commissioner Nick Fish spent 75 minutes at Franklin Monday, students pelted him with questions about the state budget, teacher layoffs and the council's willingness to step into the funding breach., Base salary $39,323, It also had Bosh out of the lineup for a third consecutive game, with what the team is terming "bumps and bruises" but appears to be some type of ache., rankings). Kalah Martin added 12 points, Dajae Williams 11., In April, the media properties were bought for $55 million by a group headed by influential New Jersey business executive George Norcross III, former New Jersey Nets owner Lewis Katz and cable TV mogul H.F. "Gerry" Lenfest., The day included lunch for participants and their families., Jim Thorne, chief investment officer for equities at MTB Investment Advisers in Baltimore, said traders are afraid they're seeing a repeat of the financial crisis of 2008. But Thorne said that even though the jobs report Friday was disappointing, most numbers have pointed to an economy that is rebounding., Council members launched an investigation. They hired a private attorney to serve as special counsel. He concluded the spending violated state law, and council members voted unanimously to admonish the mayor and fine her $200. The investigation cost $20,000., Parrot's beak (Lotus berthelotii), The figure represents approximately four times what the government spent on unemployment benefits from 2003-07., Dumstorff said the odds of finding his Red Bud High School keepsake were too great. So, it became a distant memory. Life went on. Dumstorff moved back to the St. Louis area and started working in the coal mines for Peabody Coal. He and his wife, Carol, were married in 1965, settled in Fairview Heights, and had four children., "They put me on the phone with everybody, but I was crying pretty hard so I don't know if they understood anything I was saying," Ellison told Minneapolis reporters., "I want to be that advocate and I want to be a strong advocate. These are my brothers and sisters that I'm fighting for now.", In Paris, the 32-member commission set up by parliament, with members from France's four major political parties, will hold hearings that could lead to legislation banning burqas from being worn in public – a move a top human rights group said would be counterproductive., The Yo Crunch with cereal packaged on top was a big hit., 8719 Madeira Dr, $130,000, So why am I optimistic? Because even in this Great Recession, the seeds of positive change are beginning to sprout -- and collectively, they can be transformative., WAN YANHAI: Wan founded a prominent AIDS advocacy group in China but fled to the U.S. in 2010, leaving during a business trip to Hong Kong with his wife and child. Tighter regulations on overseas donations to Chinese aid groups had hurt his work, and he said he received dozens of phone calls from police in a single day shortly before he fled. In the past, the former Health Ministry official had been detained for up to weeks at a time for advocacy work that included publicizing an AIDS scandal among poor villagers in the 1990s., Benedict also has yet to accept resignation offers from three other Irish bishops who were linked to cover-ups of child-abuse cases in the Dublin Archdiocese, the subject of a government-ordered investigation that published its findings four months ago., The city's economic developers determined a casino and resort would provide the best opportunity to revive the deteriorating steel plant complex., Because of the unique nature of the ski area inside Yosemite, some have questioned whether it will remain. Park superintendent David Uberuaga sought to ease those concerns, telling me, "I see this as an integral part of the future of Yosemite. It is part of the fabric of the park -- a special family thing." Works for me., Holdings of the Cook County forest preserves, a separate agency run by the same County Board, are not part of the plan., And judging by the way that people with autism and a myriad of other diagnoses are still being treated on a daily basis despite all of our designated colored ribbons, we’ve got a long way to go as a society in truly embracing everyone for the human beings they are and celebrating them as valuable members of our world., She said fewer women serve on full-time departments with paid staff partly because the physical test is tougher for them to pass. But German Township is looking for ways to reach out to young candidates, male and female., Obama was attending a New York fundraiser Monday with gay and lesbian donors hosted by singer Ricky Martin, his first fundraising event with gay supporters since his announcement. The president is scheduled to attend a major fundraiser with gay supporters in Los Angeles on June 6, with tickets priced as high as $25,000 per couple. Griffin, who is co-hosting the event, said he was confident it would sell out., A Jungian psychologist encouraged Fellini to record his "night work," his dreams, and he did so assiduously from 1960 to '68 and again from 1973 to 1990. It was fertile ground. As a child, Fellini could not wait for bedtime, when he would close his eyes and see absorbing spectacles. He had named the four corners of his bed after four cinemas of Rimini, his birthplace on the Adriatic coast. True to his childhood self, he later was to regard his films as dreams on celluloid. His sketchbooks were partly a record of possible film ideas. One sketch has the worried annotation, "Have I just let a film idea escape while engaged in my usual neurotic masturbatory fantasies?", Robert Ellenstein, an actor and director with a varied career, including a long list of Los Angeles theater productions over several decades, died Oct. 28 of natural causes at a nursing home in West Los Angeles, said his son David. He was 87., "It just fell into place for me and I love knowing that I'll be able to go out there, but I've got a season at Edwardsville to finish up," said Sweatt, who also considered the Illinois and Oklahoma. "Knowing people with cancer is something that's touched me a few times over the years and it's a major problem in general. It's something that if I work hard, just like I do in running, maybe something good will come from it.", DETROIT -- The U.S. Attorney's Office and the Environmental Protection Agency have reached a $51 million deal to settle a group of environmental claims against the old General Motors Corp., If you are, you're likely not alone <U+0097> and that could explain why everywhere you turn you hear ads offering some quick-fix deal to cope with debt., Base salary:$4.775m, Hoop dreams: Two young coaches from Damascus and Hillsboro gave up their day jobs to run HoopSource Basketball, their company that organizes youth leagues and runs basketball camps. They are taking the chance on the business for the love of the game and helping local youth improve their game., "I went out there more or less because, well, you're kind of supposed to, I think," Posey said, smiling. "But I don't think I really needed to. I mean, you can tell by just looking at the guy's face sometimes. I didn't stay out there too long. He had that look like nothing was going to faze him., But Vietnamese universities aren't equipped to meet the company's needs, Rick Howarth, general manager of Intel Products Vietnam, wrote in an e-mail., His political beliefs may not jibe with yours or mine, but they are irrelevant to those whom he helps most: Tyree is now the senior VP of the International Children’s Support Foundation, which by all accounts does brilliant work helping kids from Utica to Uganda., Howard, of Los Angeles, is entering his junior season as the Terrapins' top point guard. He dealt with injuries last season, missing the first nine games after suffering a stress fracture in his foot. He then tore his anterior cruciate ligament during a practice in February, causing him to miss the rest of the season., Despite wide bipartisan support and backing from many major food companies, the legislation stalled as it came under fire from advocates of buying locally produced food and operators of small farms, who said it would could bankrupt some small businesses. Senators eventually agreed to exempt some of those operations from costly food safety plans required of bigger companies, rankling food safety advocates and larger growers but gaining support from farm-state senators., Pictured are: (standing) Sydney Lyons, Bailey Frederick, Mary Schentur, Nikki D'Anna, Cole Best and Dani D'Anna; (kneeling) Carli DeAnna, Ali Zak, Alexis Mack, Hannah Anderson and Morgan Fadel., The screenplay (by Gideon Defoe, who adapted his own kids books) then tacks back to London and the court of Queen Victoria, voiced by Imelda Staunton with beautiful and terrifying plumminess. Everything zips along with Aardman's signature hustle and kerfuffle, wasting no time in any one place or on any one non sequitur. The 3-D visuals work their magic unobtrusively., Bill Bentley, La Porte, 6620 NE Emerson St ; 1,358 square feet; $185,725, The Associated Press asked three market experts to weigh in on these three topics and what they mean for the market in the weeks ahead. They are:, "We wanted to promote the camaraderie between the police department and the fire department – the goodness of the relationship," Flisser told the AJC., It's going to be difficult for opponents to neutralize Pike, who can get to the quarterback and stop the run in the Lakers' 4-4 defense., Everyone's in a good mood before the American Cancer Society ball. The ladies go shopping and get Sally a dress because she wants to go to the ball with her "papa." "Papa" said the French way., Happy hour: Hours recently expanded to 11 a.m. -7 p.m. Monday-Friday., Details of the rival plans were sketchy., Who: Portland vs. Tri-City, The new St. Louis Post-Dispatch e-Edition will be available your desktop, laptop, smartphone or tablet. This edition is free for our 7-day subscribers., Kelley is among the panelists speaking at a Lowell, Mass., conference this week about best practices in urban design. Kelley will be joined by speakers from Asheville, N.C., Milwaukie, Wis., and Belfast, Northern Ireland, all considered "innovative cities," according to a conference news release., Now it is up to Rhoades to continue to build. This coaching hire is vital to the continued success of the program., THE LIFE OF RYAN. Ryan O'Neal talks about "Both of Us," a new memoir about his long-term relationship with the late actress Farrah Fawcett. The Oscar-nominated actor of "Love Story" will tell how he met his "Charlie's Angel," loved her and then lost her to cancer. O'Neal will be signing only copies of "Both of Us" at this event. Free. 7 p.m. Barnes & Noble, 2289 Broadway. (212) 362-8835., Jones participated in a recent report by Houston Ministers Against Crime, which concluded that the county's bail bond schedule fails to take into account the dire economic circumstances that prevent a wide swath of Houstonians from posting a cash bond., It's tough to summon enthusiasm in March when you didn't care in February because you didn't get to know the teams in November and December., Champagne gives me heartburn, and I don't care for wine, so I opted for a beer. The hostess became upset that I was ruining the ambience of the room, but a few guests came to my rescue, and she relented as long as I drank the offending brew in a glass. However, when it came time to eat, she said, "There's no way you're bringing beer to my dinner table." I drank water with my food., Darlene Becherer and Marcia Brooks, partners in Our House Cafe, have decorated the place in warm browns and yellows and black and white floor tiles. Framed prints of New Orleans and a bookshelf filled with paperbacks compliment the look., Millwood, who has allowed two runs in 13 innings against Chicago this year, went into the sixth with a 1-0 lead. Leadoff man Scott Podsednik, endowed with igniting Chicago's new style of little ball this season, popped a bunt toward the mound., The iris garden was originally to be 40 by 40 feet, but when it was time to plant the irises, it quickly became apparent that it wasn't adequate space., Since being told they lucked their way into a play-in game for the 11th seed, all VCU has done is knock out high-profile programs from the Pac-10 (Southern Cal), Big East (Georgetown), Big Ten (Purdue) and now the ACC. Those were all blowouts — this one was as tight as they come., Corey Mitchell is a correspondent in the Star Tribune Washington Bureau <U+0095> Twitter: @StribMitchell, Other DEA investigations had targeted Mexican cartels, but this one, dubbed Operation Imperial Emperor, was providing the most complete picture of how drugs moved from Sinaloa to U.S. streets., Fogh Rasmussen said 13 partners will attend the summit, but only those that have taken part in such NATO military operations., Richard Wagstaff Clark was born in Mount Vernon, N.Y., on Nov. 30, 1929. Thirteen years later, he was in the audience in a New York City theater where Jimmy Durante and Garry Moore were broadcasting a radio program. On the spot he decided that he wanted his own future to include a microphone and an audience. His focus even as a teen was enough to sway his father into a career turn of his own., In another sign that higher gas prices are squeezing consumers, the government's monthly measure of inflation rose in February at the strongest pace since last April., To those who are unemployed or have been fired from government jobs, it seems the museum is saying: "Let them eat dirt.", The plug was also recently pulled on a debate, to be carried by MSNBC, on March 5 at the Reagan Library in Simi Valley, Calif. As a result, after next Wednesday's debate in Arizona, there is no other scheduled debate until March 19 in Portland., Whether you're heading to Columbus, where tickets will be $15 at the gate but are $7 if you buy them ahead of time at Ohio State's website, or whether you're planning to watch coverage of the 1:30 p.m. kickoff on the Big Ten Network, here are some tips to get you through the game., Miller himself has never been forced to tap out or been knocked out. In his most recent loss last August, he absorbed 65 punches and was driven into the canvas seven times by the current UFC champion, Benson Henderson. Miller later learned he had fought with a kidney infection and mononucleosis., Judkins not only prescribes what he semi-jokingly calls "the Atkins diet for cats" to ailing and healthy felines alike, but he formulates raw food at home for his own cats., Performance by an actress in a featured role in a musical, "Unless the current law is substantially changed or dropped, there's no chance of a Democratic convention there, and my guess is the Republicans will avoid that controversy, too," said Larry Sabato, director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia. "It probably puts the kibosh on both party conventions.", Although Emanuel has frequently criticized the state of the city - including infrastructure and the budget - under his predecessor's watch, Daley refused to respond to those criticisms during the taped interview., "So there's more coming up and there's more Europeans, there's definitely going to be," he said. "We are in a golden period at the moment. The players are only maturing at this stage.", What the Detroit Works planners call building blocks and other planners have called neighborhood types include districts devoted mostly to retail or industry, districts with a mix of homes and urban farms, and districts devoted to a blue-green landscape used for storm-water retention or natural wetlands., "It’s always a big job to win people over. The only way you can win people over is by doing the job I am confident I can do," Hodgson said. "It’s always very important the whole country buys into what we do. I’m expecting a lot of support from everybody.", And you thought this was about outside-the-law good guys, and lots of stuff blowing up?, With that backdrop European shares have struggled, failing to sustain a recovery in the prior session. Britain's FTSE 100 fell 0.2 percent to 5,642. Germany's DAX slipped 0.9 percent to 6,512 and France's CAC-40 dropped 1.8 percent to 3,157., The say on pay votes, required at least every three years by laws passed after the financial crisis, are not binding. But a negative vote can make it appear that corporate directors are disregarding the concerns of the company's owners if they do nothing to address complaints., -- Raul Ibanez started out as a catcher, so he's the emergency backstop in case something freaky happens to both Stewart and Martin. I'd imagine that both Stewart and Martin would have to get hit by a bus before first pitch for the 39-year-old Ibanez to put the gear on. But it was worth asking the manager, since both catchers are in the starting lineup., The judge's decision followed a seven-day trial over the state's lethal injection process last month., The victim in the 1976 incident was 10 at the time, Jones said., Take Next Generation Experience, or "NextGen," which accounts for about $1 billion, or about half of the capital spending underway at Disney World. While Disney hasn't disclosed many details about the project, among the elements it will include: a new reservation system in which guests will be able to book ride times on popular attractions even before they depart on their vacations; the ability to obtain room keys in advance and bypass hotel check-in desks; interactive queues in attractions; personalized ride experiences and character greetings; and new information-collection systems allowing Disney to cull more detailed data from guests., "We remain cautious on China's inflation outlook. Price reforms will continue to add pressure to China's structural inflation," it said, adding that "for the foreseeable future we expect to see significant increases in utility prices such as water, electricity, and fuel.", Dry-eye syndrome is one of the major reasons for patient visits, say eye doctors., "Very scary," Faxon said. "I yelled. Then I cracked up.", Sothern kept driving north on Kiwanda Drive during what the sheriff's office described as a "short'' pursuit, "less than a couple of miles,'' Long said., Still, the merger is expected to lead to the elimination of about 630 positions across both companies, with job reductions felt most in Baltimore. Exelon has committed to building a new skyscraper in downtown Baltimore, and picked Harbor Point as the site., The Clippers looked unsettled on offense, forcing shots from outside and unable to get the ball inside, and couldn't contain the Grizzlies on defense. With two minutes left in the quarter, Memphis was up, 30-12, and was shooting 68% to the Clippers 29%., The Timbers roughed up the Los Angeles Galaxy 4-1 Tuesday in their first preseason game, and the players had to be feeling good about themselves after defeating - regardless of whether it was a preseason or regular season game - the reigning champs., It was about 1951 when my mother saw an article in a women's magazine with a recipe for pizza, something she had never seen or heard of. She decided to try it for her family. She drove around our small Pennsylvania town and found only one store that sold mozzarella cheese and something called pepperoni. She started making her fresh dough early in the day and kneaded, sliced, grated, chopped and mixed throughout the day to create this new treat. When it was finally out of the oven, we three kids -- ages 14, 10 and 7 --said, "EEEW! What's that? I'm not eating that!" Although I don't remember her reaction, I bet she could have killed us. I only remember our reaction to something so new. She says she doesn't remember that day, but I'm not so sure. However, it did not discourage her from trying new recipes for the next 50 years. --Donna M. Ernst, Cleveland, Berntson took medications to avoid becoming infected, but he reacted poorly to them, according to testimony at King's commitment hearing Monday. Berntson lost several pounds over the next two months and weakened. He died unexpectedly at his Bethel home last month. His official cause of death was "acute alcohol toxicity," according to the Anoka County Medical Examiner. No other details were released., GM also showed the Chevrolet EN-V 2.0, a new all-electric, two-seater pod it plans to build., Overthrowing a government based in a minority population may open the way to ethnic reprisals. Syria's Christians and the Alawites are reportedly frightened at the possibility of regime change. They fear reprisals and discrimination, along the lines of what Iraq has experienced with cross-group recriminations., Sabonis grunted, moved the ankle, and got up., Last month, the board approved sending more than 11,700 layoff notices to teachers and support staff. The district has laid off more than 8,000 over the last four years but eventually hired many back., "We don't necessarily suggest picking just one, but it's hard to believe that gold rings wouldn't lead the list on a year-to-year basis," Dunigan said., In an environment like the jail, where don’ts outnumber do’s and 2,000 orange-jumpsuited sardines jam a tin made for 1,700, Walters’ flashy sneakers brought a bit of relief to a scared kid., Cinco de Mayo Fest y Chihuahua Races & Beauty Pageant: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. May 5. The popular chihuahua race begins at 2 p.m., followed by the coronation of the festival's king, queen and the Chandler Centennial Chihuahua at 3:30 p.m. Judge's award trophies, capes and prizes from $25 to $500 for categories of best-dressed, best temperament and most fashionable. Call Alberto Esparza at 480-206-2292 to enter your chihuahua. Visit website for official race and pageant rules. Local bands, dance groups and mariachis perform and a grand parade of low-rider vehicles is featured. Food and beverages are available and a health fair sponsored by United Healthcare is held from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Historic Downtown Chandler, Arizona Avenue and Chandler Boulevard, Chandler. $10-$25 for race and pageant fees, free for spectators, free Chandler Centennial Chihuahua registration with king and queen pageant. 480-855-3539. chandleraz.gov/cinco., Now, thanks to the involvement of some of the nation's top researchers and strong organizational support from the Alzheimer's Association, we are cycling across the United States in the Alzheimer's Breakthrough Ride. More than 55 of the top researchers from across the country have left their labs and are trading test tubes for water bottles, lab coats for bike jerseys and safety goggles for helmets. The ride started July 17 in San Francisco and will end Sept. 21, World Alzheimer's Day, on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., DISTRICT 16, The case: On Feb. 8, shortly after 12:30 a.m., Hillsboro police responded to a car on fire in the median of U.S. 26, near an onramp from Northwest Cornelius Pass Road. They found Thomas Ervin Reh, 52, standing outside the burning vehicle. Reh told police he had been driving the car. Reh was taken to the Washington County Jail where his blood alcohol was measured at 0.19, more than twice Oregon's legal limit., "As we emerge from a decade of conflict abroad and economic crisis at home, it is time to renew America," Obama said during his speech., The offense tends to waken late in games, often when it's too late. This time, the Twins trailed 5-1 in the eighth before Joe Mauer hit an RBI single -- breaking his 0-for-12 skid -- and Ryan Doumit added a sacrifice fly., 7. Record number of Americans on Food Stamps (Over 44 Million). (www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2012/jan/17/newt-gingrich/newt-gingrich-says-more-people-have-been-put-food-/), Scoring for the Lady Bruins were Brittany Mackulin (111-7; second), Alyssa Gerbic (103-0; fourth) and Julia Milano (93-11; 15th) in the discus relay, the 3,200 relay team of Micaela Carroll, Gina Jakubowski, Renee Kraft and Sara Chmielewski (10:40.15; sixth), the 800 sprint medley team of Olivia Wasco, Annie Printy, Nicole Trapp and Amanda Jancewicz (1:55.86; sixth), the distance medley team of Jancewicz, Trapp, Adams and Chmielewski (13:27.61; fifth) and the 1,600 relay team of Becky Love, Jancewicz, Adams and Trapp (4:27.80; seventh)., "I feel magnificent," Robinson said after that victory. "I'm elated. It is a greater feeling than I imagined it would be.", God bless Stacey King - I couldn't have made it through the season without him. He's the color commentator for Comcast SportsNet, with a litany of Harry Caray-esque exclamations - "get me the hot sauce" and "too strong, too fast, too good" and such - that keep the whole thing fun, with a nod to his straight man, Neil Funk, the play-by-play announcer. I miss them when they're not on., "To me, ‘unfounded’ means nothing happened," said Cecilia Zalkind, executive director of the Advocates for Children of New Jersey, a family policy and advocacy group. "There needs to be an examination of how investigations are conducted. These were very serious allegations of abuse.", "Officiating was what it was," Woodson said, as quoted by ESPN's Brian Windhorst, "we have to move on.", "Vandegrift will be participating in Cooperation Afloat Readiness and Training (CARAT)- 2012. CARAT is an annual bi-lateral naval exercise series between the U.S. and Bangladesh, Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Thailand," the Navy said in a statement., "Glasgow and Cleveland are such similar industrial cities . . . plus people in tough cities like these often take to entertainment more, and, with Alex, it was all about the entertainment.", 1. New Orleans-Metairie-Kenner, La., In honor of "Dr. Seuss' the Lorax" landing in theaters, Fandango asked its readers which Dr. Seuss book Hollywood should adapt next. The answer? "Green Eggs and Ham," by a mile. For now, enjoy the animated environmentally minded story of the Lorax, the grumpy yet charming creature who fights to protect his world. In theaters now., Actor Kevin Bacon brought his star power to a charity event Wednesday at the University of Maryland, College Park. The competition - called the "Do Good" Challenge - is part of an effort by the school to make philanthropy more of a focus in academics and student life. The winner was the Food Recovery Network, which developed a system of collecting food from campus dining halls that would otherwise go to waste and distributing it to homeless shelters. More than 100 student groups raised an average of more than $1,000 each over a six-week period for their causes. THE BALTIMORE SUN, Camden's City Council approved the plan unanimously on Thursday despite pleas from workers and residents to find a way to save the jobs., "At the end of the day, I don't want it to be said he (Babeu) wasn't adequately represented by legal counsel," he said. "I want to make sure the contract with the outside counsel is very narrowly drawn and only for purposes on advising for public records, period -- nothing to do with criminal allegations that may come up. Secondly, if the sheriff wants to go for outside counsel, he should pay out of his budget. Maybe we will look at sweeping some of his funds.", Longmont 001 00 — 1 5 0, The forecast is based on the weakening of El Nino. The Pacific Ocean phenomenon creates strong wind shear that weakens Atlantic storms., In a letter to Mack announcing the aid award, Tom Neff, director of DCA’s Division of Local Government Services, said acceptance of the full $22 million is contingent on acceptance of the committee, which would seek a permanent business administrator “and experienced department leaders” for the city. Fifteen months into his term, Mack has never had a full cabinet, and many of the directors and acting directors have left or been forced out after only a few months., The information was market-moving, traders say. In the hours after the lunch, some traders wagered that the odds of a bidding war had declined. Seadrill's shares rose more than 1% as it was viewed as less likely to pursue a costly acquisition. Pride's shares fell by about 0.5% in the minutes before markets closed., The Jayhawks? All they did was bully smaller teams to get this far. Kansas never apologized for coasting through a favorable bracket that served up schools seeded 16th (Boston University), ninth (Illinois) and 12th (Richmond)., The two buildings, separated by 12 acres of grapes, both resemble homes—an effect Ms. Fleming intended to mimic the way some wineries in France were traditionally operated out of residences. "I wanted them to be related. I didn't want the cattle-call feel of a lot of wineries here," says the 57-year-old Ms. Fleming., That night, near our base, I heard two great horned owls hooting back and forth and went out with a flashlight to locate the trees for a nest ID (and the next day, at the base of the trees, to locate and examine their coughed-up pellets to determine their diets). Then, in deep forest near the hoots, I sensed movement to the right., He also urged Congress to promote more shipping between the U.S. and Canada and set up a federal standard for treatment of ballast water, which can spread invasive species between water bodies., The ongoing deadlock in Washington over raising the country's borrowing limit and Europe's debt crisis have been weighing on markets this month. The Dow slid five of the previous seven days., Matheny was up at dawn, ready to go to work, in no mood to reflect, dawdle or otherwise waste time. It was perhaps the most important day of his baseball life, his first official game as a major-league manager. So he looked at video, read scouting reports, studied numbers., The one person who hasn't weighed in, but really should, is Chris Webber, who refused to take part in the film, even though it was executive-produced by Rose, with the three other Fab Five members listed as producers., LB Richard Jones, Mount St. Michael, "Justice delayed is democracy denied.", According to the Illinois State Dental Society, the average funding rate for the five most frequently performed specialty dental procedures covers 16 percent of the dentist's costs., Human sexuality is complex, he adds, and testosterone level is only a small part of the overall picture. "For people who think that they are going to be able to sneak it onto their date's arm while she's not looking -- they should forget it.", "I talk about having a houseful of animals and kids" - she has three through adoption - "(and) trying to keep up with the news well enough to cast a halfway decent vote," she says., Isom called the contract a "rushed" document to preserve officers' rights and complained that he had no input., About 18 months ago, one of her assignments was to write a new ending to a "Twilight" series book. When she kept writing and writing, her parents asked: "Why don't you write your own book?", Hope your detectors work, Key number: 30 The Predators had 30 shots either miss the net or get blocked by the Coyotes., In fact, Mr. Cassell's first love was drama. Born in Stockton, he graduated from San Jose State College as a drama major. He not only worked on radio shows but also had roles in television, most notably with Jack Webb, who played Sgt. Joe Friday on "Lineup." He also appeared in episodes of "San Francisco Beat" and "Gunsmoke," two other broadcast dramas., 45. Maine 21.4, "It's too easy of an explanation," Marlowe said. "If that were the only reason, then hiring more workers would solve all problems, and it won't.", The truncated wine list features only eight choices, high priced for the quality. About the only selections that seem to have any legs with the food are the 2004 Lake Chalice Riesling from New Zealand ($9 glass/$33 bottle) and the, The decision came Thursday after a meeting between general manager Jay Feaster and Sutter, whose contract was to expire at the end of June., There were to be other games -- especially at the old Stadium, with its infamously obstructed views -- and much baseball discussion., 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley, Some youths who attended a vigil at a church on Chardon's square Monday evening said that the teen lived with his grandparents and had multiple step- and half-siblings. His grandmother declined to comment., Still, he remains the underdog, so much so that Evans was asked if there was any danger of looking past, The speech is a return to the style of Kim Il Sung, who often gave public addresses, said Andrei Lankov, a scholar on the North at Seoul's Kookmin University., The union also offered salary concessions for new hires, but Hakim said that with trends pointing toward more people using E-ZPass — the E-ZPass penetration on the Turnpike is 76 percent and Parkway is 73 percent — there wouldn’t have been many new hires., Coach George Karl gratefully fed Bynum's offhanded post-practice comment to his players, and they played like a team that isn't going anywhere., Rep. Chris Garrett, a Lake Oswego Democrat, proposed a 10 percent tax on birdseed sales in 2009. That died. This year, bird lovers are asking for a nickel fee on each pound sold. The measure, sponsored by the House Revenue Committee, would sunset in 2020. Seed is most commonly sold in 20-pound bags, so that would amount to a buck a bag., New York made other vows, too. But even assuming they're kept, they pale compared to the badly needed reforms left out: Merit pay for good teachers. An end to seniority. Flexible work rules . . ., Newsom terminated a lease on a small space in a state office building in Los Angeles, which cost about $650, and entered into a six-month lease with Founders Den for one desk space and access to the common area, said Eric Lamoureux, spokesman for the Department of General Services. The new lease is $500 per month., Chad Martin, Martin Calf Facility, Tillamook County -- $280 fine for placing waste where it was likely to run off into waters of the state., That was then. Now Obama is stuck playing defense, trying to persuade people to see forced coverage in a more flattering light. He'd be smart to change the conversation, because the mandate debate is one he can't and shouldn't win., At issue is Egypt's influential cabinet of ministers, which the generals appointed late last year, before Egypt's first post-revolutionary national elections gave the Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party a strong plurality in the new parliament. The FJP has demanded that the council of ruling generals, which acts as Egypt's head of state, remove the cabinet in favor of a Parliament-appointed body this week, a request the military hasn't heeded., TIMELINE, He said derivatives based on U.S. indexes or interest rates traded on the CME were useless for investors trying to hedge against changes in their European equivalents. Over-the-counter trades, he argued, were riskier than exchange-based trades, eliminating then as an alternative to many companies., Standing by Mary Wilson of the Supremes on another edition, he displayed a slim black suit that flared into bellbottoms, a grey shirt with white polka dots, and a huge afro., But he does hope Stadler and Jacobsen have some recollection of the kid they butted heads against in the Pacific-8 Conference. They went on to become two of the most recognizable faces in the game. Baskins gave pro golf a try, took a career path away from the sport, then regained his amateur status at age 30., Romney, whose central challenge is winning over skeptical conservatives, told reporters on the plane that the fact that he performed strongly among conservatives in Florida made sense because he's more conservative than Gingrich., Its stories are instead populated by a transsexual prostitute, a narcoleptic monster-truck driver who backs over a squad car, Alzheimer's patients who get naughty and an assortment of dimwitted criminals., He called, and the timing couldn't have been better., A week later, some energy staffers staged a minor rebellion, convinced that the state's intervention in the R.W. Beck contract was improper. Lorena Wise, the department's designated procurement officer for the contract, and two others said they would refuse to sign the document. Wise ultimately signed the document, but she told investigators it was under duress., NEW TONIGHT, Indiana's Frank Vogel is going to win it and is certainly deserving, but Popovich is heads and shoulders above his peers., Majority Leader Louis Greenwald (D-Camden) said Christie "perpetrated a cruel hoax" by failing to fund past property tax rebates., In a statement, Rienzo said he never intentionally took a prohibited substance., He was right. But an upset?, Stover, who retired after spending 10 games last season with the Colts, has memories of all three Super Bowls, but the one that stands out was the 2000 season and the run the Ravens made that culminated with their one-sided victory over the Giants in the Super Bowl in January 2001 in Tampa., — A third of teens are obese or overweight, putting them at risk of Type 2., Christie himself has benefited from out-of-state largesse in the past. When he ran against Gov. Jon Corzine in 2009, the Republican Governors Association anted up millions of dollars for advertising., China's government-controlled news media so far have ignored the story, despite its gripping narrative and the serious implications it could have on U.S.-Chinese relations., Though he's barred from accessing Facebook, he is still acutely aware of it, wants it, and can't be the only 24-year-old with such an obsession. He spends part of every day seeing what he can access on YouTube, he is a student of American entertainment and eager to analyze what he sees, as well as his likes and dislikes, a one-man focus group. Oh, and he predicts the Facebook ban will eventually end, within five years he guesses, but he hopes it will come sooner., James Ware, appointed by President George H.W. Bush in 1990, became chief judge of the Northern District of California in January 2011 when Vaughn Walker stepped down. The office, which includes administrative duties and a reduced caseload, has a seven-year term, but Ware said Tuesday he had been planning to leave after turning 65 in November., "I want to be there to sit at those tables to build those kinds of relationships so residents can be properly served," said Brown. "Right now, they're not.", Douglas disagreed, saying the underground reservoir concept has been around for a century, and more of it will have to be done if the country is going to find renewable sources of energy and meet growing demand., OREGON CITY -- Police temporarily locked down Oregon City High School this morning while investigating a report of three people running toward the school with guns., "That whole issue is behind me for the most part," he said Tuesday. "I feel stronger every day. ... It's just been more rapid here recently. I feel like I've finally turned the corner.", Family caregivers <U+0096> increasingly, middle-aged offspring taking care of their elderly parents <U+0096> provided $450 billion worth of unpaid home care in 2009, says AARP. That's more than the country's total Medicaid spending that year <U+0096> more, for that matter, than Wal-Mart Inc.'s total sales in 2009., Doesn't matter which side you're on, you need the facts to argue your point., That becomes somewhat awkward when factoring in that Messing announced she was leaving her husband of 10 years on Dec. 20, somewhat less than six weeks ago., Still, for many antibiotic activists, these measures are simply not enough., In 2005, the Rebels became the first Missouri soccer team to go through a season without a loss or tie, capturing the Class 2 title while finishing 26-0., Van Baker, a Gartner Research vice president and research director on mobility, says, "Consumers are overwhelmed right now. It's not like they're clamoring for features that they don't have. They're trying to adjust to the features that they already have.", Oct. 26: I Musici di Roma, Whedon writes with a perfect ear for each character's personality. What could have been a Babel of competing voices becomes almost musical counterpoint. There's Captain America's old-school idealism, Thor's flowery Elizabethan diction, and secret agent Black Widow's Bourne-like remorse for her ruthless past. Tony Stark's arch sarcasm, which wore thin in the previous Iron Man movie, is used here in effective small doses. When the robo-warrior grabs super-archer Hawkeye by the collar and warns "Clench up, Legolas" before jetting them both sky-high, the gag cracks like a bullwhip., The spring deadline for Doyne to present his “findings of fact and conclusions of law” throws Christie’s ability to allocate education funding in the state’s next budget into question., Keynote speaker of the night Dr. Loren Thomas spoke of change, and three possible ways to react to it. He said people can either resist change, embrace change, or create change of their own., "They seemed really aggressive and were swinging at the first pitch," Spink said. "It was just a good, solid defensive game all-around. I was trying to keep them offspeed and try to get them to roll over and ground out on a ball.", Smith, who signed a 10-month, $850,000 contract that will allow athletic director Jeff Long to reassess Arkansas’ coaching situation after next season, said he hasn’t been skydiving in a couple of years. He said the decision to leave his alma mater after five months without coaching a game required a similar leap of faith, one made easier by his familiarity with the Razorbacks’ coaching staff and players., Based on that report, the Green Grocer in Portsmouth, R.I. pulled Kashi and three other brands from its shelves early this year, said co-owner John Wood. He said that before making that decision, he reached out to Kashi and asked about its plans regarding genetically-modified ingredients. "The woman I spoke with told me that there was not enough organic grain in supply to meet the company's needs," Wood said. "So based on the report and Kashi's response, it was clear that it didn't meet our store's standards and we removed the product.", -- Safety planning, None of these men is particularly wealthy (even Atticus Finch, Esq., who is sometimes forced to accept produce in lieu of fees). Their battles are small, and their victories limited. By the end of their stories, George is still running a tiny building-and-loan, Atticus is a lawyer with a dead client and Lorenzo is back driving that city bus., Faced with more nights on the street, Brown said he thought lofting the brick through the building would give him at least a few hours in a place where "someone's going to offer me a sandwich and drink.", When Rinde Eckert’s “Moby-Dick”-themed “And God Created Great Whales” premiered in 2000, it racked up rave reviews and many awards, and went on to several revivals., One man was killed and three others were injured in that crash when the 42-year-old footbridge collapsed onto the Beltway. Officials said that truck's load was nearly 3 feet too tall to pass under the bridge., Biggest head-scratcher: Gino Gradkowski. In hindsight, it doesn’t appear the Ravens wanted Wisconsin center Peter Konz as much as we all thought that they did. They passed on him twice and didn’t move up to select him later in the second round. Instead, they selected their potential center of the future early in the fourth. The Ravens had Gradkowski, who played center and guard at Delaware, in for a pre-draft visit, but most of Baltimore let out a collective “Who?!?” when his name was called. This looked like a reach at first, but it has been reported that other teams also thought highly of Gradkowski., Oren<U+0092>s visit to Detroit came amid controversy over his appearance in a segment on the CBS news show <U+0093>60 Minutes<U+0094> last month that criticized how Israel treats its Palestinian Christians, including limiting their access to travel across the territories., A stellar crowd that included the likes of Tim O'Leary from Opera Theatre, Michael Uthoff from Dance St. Louis, Brent Benjamin from the St. Louis Art Museum, Rick Dildine from the Shakespeare Festival, Fred Bronstein from the Symphony and Dwyer Brown from the Contemporary Art Museum, were on hand to fete their fellow artists., Part of the controversy is that -- unlike the clitoris -- the G-spot has never been seen or felt as a distinct structure. Although many women have reported sexual pleasure stemming from the anterior (frontal) part of the vagina, nobody could document a more precise source or describe its size and appearance., Firmly on the fringe of the right since it first appeared 20 years ago, Golden Dawn garnered a meager 0.23 percent in the 2009 elections. Now, it looks set to easily win more than the 3 percent threshold needed to enter Parliament, with recent opinion polls showing support at about 5 percent., The New Jersey Educator Effectiveness Task Force, a nine-member board that includes state and national experts along with two union representatives, spent the last five months drafting the report., Despite some dramatic “my eyes, my eyes!” declarations of the iPad experience forever having been ruined by the clarity of the new iPad’s retina display compared with the screen of the iPad 2, the casual user doesn't seem able to easily see a difference between the two – other than the $100 difference in price., Alexander V. Long, 23, also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor animal abuse and two counts of misdemeanor harassment., Those interested must:, Others have noticed the erosion of public companies in the region., Judith Reese was treated and released, the hospital said. She was celebrating her 60th birthday at the Rockies' home opener. A call to her home was not immediately returned Monday night., "If you're a woman and you have the neon sign flashing on your head that you want a boyfriend or a husband, I tell women that's just like when a man stares at your chest and says he wants to sleep with you," said Bela Gandhi, a dating coach and owner of the Smart Dating Academy. "The same 'Bolt!' reflex is triggered.", 1. Buy a wire basket., He did respond to one of his followers regarding his display earlier Wednesday:, A lawyer for the plaintiffs, Paul Rossi, said Jones did not address the core issue of whether a citizen has standing under the Equal Protection Clause to force the state to apply state-created rights equally - in this case, the power to vote for municipal representatives that residents of other, legally similar cities in Pennsylvania enjoy., When Lopez answered "20 minutes," Parera made himself a cup of coffee, sat next to her and waited., Some in Chancellor Angela Merkel's center-right coalition already find beefing up the EFSF by giving it new powers hard to swallow, and anything beyond that could be a hard sell among its lawmakers., Skyline at Mountain View, Ray Patterson Field, 7 p.m., Booker's request was denied., Lawson admitted to police that he shot the Rays, according to the charges against him. He also told police he used a lighter to set the fires - one on a bed and another on a recliner in the living room, where the children had been playing before the shooting., The company's business uses a "freemium" model in which basic services are given away without charge, and a small portion of heavy users pay for more advanced features., But after gracing the Rogue bar for 21 years, Mo has gone missing, which has the normally laid-back Rogue brewmasters all in a lather., Paul Wagner, deputy commissioner for higher education, told the board that the department had asked if statutory and inflationary increases to the Bright Flight and Access Missouri scholarships could be eligible for funding increase. The answer from state government leaders, he said, was no., "He was angry," his wife, Ann, said., Nor should Rush Limbaugh., I'm not sure I understand why Busch is declaring that his company is not a craft brewery; until it brews 6 million barrels a year or starts using adjunct ingredients, that's exactly what it, ROCHESTER, N.Y. -- The body of a soldier from New York who died in Afghanistan after collapsing during a Skype video chat with his wife was greeted on the tarmac today by scores of people, many of whom waved flags or saluted as his hearse rolled past., 215 Midlothian Rd, $12,100, "I grew up here," said 48-year-old Terry Rittman, who owns a home on the street. "Then I went out on my own, but I came back about two years ago, because I love it here. I love Nenninger Lane.", Kamloops pulled Cheveldave with just under a minute to play for an extra attacker and had a 6-on-4 advantage when Portland's Brad Ross scored in the empty net to seal the Winterhawks' 5-3 victory., Schreiber, a four-year starter at second base from 1983-86, still owns Purdue's career record for walks (132), is tied with Bob Shoulders for most games (226) and ranks fourth in runs., He said everyone is looking forward to a great start to the festival season., But instead of assuring that Ryan get more administrative support, as recommended by Department of Public Safety, officials involved in the strike force investigation said that Fletcher and other advisory board members went on the defensive., "Given that there are no further tenders scheduled and the recent ECB rhetoric has been skewed toward this being the last, we believe the market will return to fundamentals and move away from this liquidity euphoria," analysts at Royal Bank of Scotland wrote in a research note., Milanovich challenged tribal members to look beyond comfortable lifestyles, professing the values of a strong work ethic and the need to give back to the community., On Saturday thousands toured the gardens, which were a little past their spring prime. My niece and I had to imagine how the rows of irises would have looked, or the beds full of poppies. All of the peonies were gone too, just as in Baltimore., That includes tens of millions of dollars to be spent in Northeast Ohio on new hospitals, surgery centers, treatment centers, urgent care centers, medical offices and more., Thursday night: Mostly clear, with a low around 57. North northwest wind between 6 and 10 mph., Dramatic cuts to the state's Local Government Fund totaling $555 million are in the budget drawn up by Gov. John Kasich and approved by House Republicans. The budget also lowers the boom on local governments and schools by taking away about $1.3 billion worth of payments from changes made years ago to various business taxes., Transfer forwards Ari Stewart and Eric Wise also will be eligible, and the Trojans will add junior college transfer J.T. Terrell and Serbian forward Strahinja Gavrilovic., With a record number of bear being culled during this year’s hunt, the first in five years, area butchers are being inundated with the hunters’ quarry. Although many are happy to have the additional work, butchers say they’re not big fans of preparing the harvest from this year’s hunt because the meat is so greasy., But thousands of others who fell far from home have never been recovered -- doughboys who died on the fields of France in World War I, Marines felled on Japanese-held islands in World War II, soldiers trapped at the frozen Chosin Reservoir in the Korean War. Thousands remain missing in Southeast Asia., Although Giant Eagle closed its store here several years ago when it opened the new store on West 117th, it didn’t abandon Westown., The Cardinals staked Lynn to a 1-0 lead when Matt Holliday doubled home Furcal in the first inning. Lynn's first major league hit, a single, led to Furcal's two-out RBI single in the fourth and a 2-0 lead. Lynn never pitched with more than a three-run lead., "When you deal with immigration, you run into quicksand," said California Republican Party Vice Chairman Tom Del Beccaro, the favorite to be elected CRP chairman in March. "We need to connect with the Latino community on jobs and education and security, and build up some good will. We can't always lead with the toughest issue.", He battled through back spasms and a foot injury early in the year. Sullinger was at his best down the stretch, scoring a huge basket in the closing seconds at Northwestern that kept the Buckeyes in the Big Ten title hunt. They then won at Michigan State in the final regular-season game to tie Michigan State and Michigan for the championship., Having Wade there is probably a prudent measure by the Heat. James' psychological fragility can pop up at any time, such as when he ripped his Cavs teammates for "dying down in the moment.", Kathy & Doug "Spud" Henderson, "You are aware when you're writing nonfiction - and, especially, when you're writing nonfiction about people who are still living - you need to be careful.", "Right at that moment, I felt like the only guy it's ever happened to," Boedker said Sunday., The Blues led 2-0 and Elliott, who faced only two shots in his first 10 games in the game, helped preserve the lead. He made a quick leg save on San Jose's Logan Couture on a wraparound attempt in the final minute of the second period., In choosing what's on tap for the 2012 New Ground Theatre Festival, Bloom and his team have capitalized on the fizzy energy you can just feel when walking into any one of the newly minted theaters. You can smell it in the air like freshly applied paint., The pessimism is not a good sign for the nation's recovery hopes and presents a more urgent challenge for Obama as he mounts his re-election bid., Her rendition of Prince’s blue classic "Darling Nikki" finished, she surrendered her body to arms that appeared from holes in the floor of the stage. These caressed the bound Rihanna as she segued into "S&M," her hit celebration of sadomasochism. Earlier, dressed in a sequin-spangled bikini, she slid across the stage on a conveyor belt like an elaborately iced cookie at a supermarket checkout counter., Despite the Cardinals falling from serious contention by mid-September, FSM had its best-rated year in the 15 seasons the Redbirds have had a widely available cable/satellite TV package, surpassing the pervious mark of 9.2 that was set in 2005., Flip through the issues that Whedon has written or overseen, and his familiar, slangy sound comes through: Buffy, preparing to battle demons, marshals her troops. But first: "Did you bring any lip gloss? I'm all cracky." Or, Buffy, fighting her fears: "It's good. It's good. I'm spine." Or, Buffy facing down a "Big Bad," as Whedon's villains are called: "This isn't about demons at all, is it?...It's about power and it's about women and you just hate those two words in the same sentence, don't you?", "I know Steve Sweeney," Christie said at a news conference in Westfield. "He knows how to handle these things, and I have confidence in Steve Sweeney that he will. I’ve had lots of confidential conversations over the past two years with Steve Sweeney, he’s never violated that trust, ever.", The Blues' success this season certainly has been a surprise throughout the NHL, but when coach Ken Hitchcock took over, he thought this was possible., In short, the currently proposed budget will only pass once it has Barron's signature on it., SUSPICION, MORRISON AVENUE: Two children came running through a resident’s yard at night April 27., "We are an internet love story," says Lauren. "I had been out of a relationship for a little while and was looking for something a little bit more serious.", A: You have to understand from Microsoft's, I think from the guys at Microsoft's perspective, and I would agree, they've had some successes like Connect but they're clearly behind in some key areas that are clearly the key battlegrounds of the future like the phone and the tablet, and so they're coming from behind there, and so they have to do their best to catch up. I'm certainly rooting for them to do better, and they know that, but since they're playing catch-up they've got a heck of a challenge. I try to give them my best advice and I wish them the best, but in technology it's always a challenge to come from behind. Sometimes you can pull it off and sometimes you wind up with a lesser market share than if you'd been earlier into the game. I could go on for hours and hours about particular things, but I'm not sure that this is what you want to talk about ...., Motorcycle riders at the Hells Canyon rally starting today will have plenty of other riding opportunities, said Karen Brock , spokeswoman for the Baker County Chamber of Commerce in Baker City ., Thanks for the memories., The songwriter’s preoccupation with Catholicism and the Bible has survived the transition to the new sound intact. If anything, it’s intensified: Jesus features as a major character and interlocutor on “Clear Heart” — a pal as much as a guiding light., Amputations were a case in point. They were sometimes necessary to save the life of a patient, but they were also “horrific,” Gawande writes:, By 4 p.m. Friday, flows will return to 180 cubic feet per second in the stretch of river between PG&E's Belden Dam and the confluence of the north fork of the Feather River and the east branch of the Feather River near Highway 70, Moreno said., (On who he is as a player and what he needs to work on):, 23.7 percent: Share of homes built before 1940., Kris Medlen (1-0) tossed a perfect seventh, Jonny Venters worked out of a jam in the eighth and Craig Kimbrel finished for his 10th save in 11 chances., Penske Racing Chris Carrier, crew chief, o•September 2009: Stewart guarantees that Patrick will race in NASCAR after giving her a tour of his Stewart-Haas Racing shop in late summer. "I know that she's serious about it," the two-time champion says at Atlanta Motor Speedway. "She looked me straight in the eye and says, 'This is what I want to do. It looks like a lot of work, but it looks like fun.' I don't think she has some misguided idea that it's going to be easy. She wants to do it the right way.", Coppola said the course fills a need that will grow as baby boomers age, as people live longer and as technology becomes more prevalent in such everyday matters as shopping and communication., Ed Barmakian/For The Star-Ledger, The whiskey ($48), one of the rums ($20), the faux tequila ($30) and the gin ($30) are for sale by the bottle at Square One and at select retail stores. The complete collection of liquors is available by the glass at Square One. (Neukomm couldn't use Square One as a brand for his liquors because there was already a Square One Vodka.), Robert Earl Smith was born May 12, 1933, in San Carlos, Calif., to railroad executive Earl Smith and his wife, Irene., Friday, May 21, "It was every day, I would ask him, 'What is Rich (Cho) saying?'" Roy said, referring to the Blazers' general manager. "We became closer in that stretch.", If no (do NOT believe global warming), how sure are you?, The federal appellate panel agreed, saying it would be natural for jurors to use those statements in deciding guilt unless they are told otherwise., She has stayed at WJZ (our media partner) for the last five years producing, and now executive produces the network's 11 p.m. news broadcast. "News is ever-changing, which means my job never gets boring," said Walburn, 26, a Brewers Hill resident. "In some jobs, people watch the clock from 9-5. At my job, I find myself wishing for more time in the workday." Walburn talks with b about running in marathons, her worst broadcast mishap and more., Douglas County 312 201 1 — 10 14 0, No worries: “These ‘clinics’ usually started at midnight and ended up at the diner — the Candlewyck in East Rutherford, the Clairmont in Verona,” Suhr said, and they’d all shuffle salt shakers and sugar packets around until 3 in the morning., Bray said that at one point, the city approached university officials about offering storage areas for students during the summer months. A university spokesman said he was unaware of the city’s suggestion of provide students with summer storage opportunities, but he was looking into it., Verizon responded directly to me in a meeting with several top executives, and they promised to investigate the problems suffered by thousands of customers nationwide. The company in August also promised to change its policy of charging customers if they accidentally hit their phone's "mobile Web" button. The new policy: To get charged, customers now supposedly have to type in a Web address., A resident in the 700 block of Marian Drive was being harassed by a phone company Monday., When's the last time they had two days off in a row together?, Theodore missed the tournament as a freshman, saw his coach, Bobby Gonzalez, get fired as a sophomore and nearly transferred before he became a junior. It was Seton Hall legend and assistant Shaheen Holloway who talked him off the ledge, and Willard who knew the right thing to say to make a point guard happy., "We are being asked ... to determine whether candidates are lying," board member Timothy Vocke said. "That is an impossible task for this board or anybody else to solve. It is something strictly for the voters to do.", for Asian-Americans, Lisa Scottoline, Mirlande Wilson told the New York Post that she has the ticket, that she bought it at the Milford Mill 7-Eleven, and plans to claim her huge winnings later today. She says she also played a team pool with some of her McDonald's co-workers but that ticket wasn't the winner -- just one she played on her own., Trumbo, who led the team in home runs (29) and runs batted in (87) as a rookie last season, was pushed off first by Albert Pujols, but his potent bat may force Scioscia to find more playing time for him at third, first, designated hitter and right field., 1/2 cup chopped nuts, optional, Nanci Koschman left her house for the weekend, getting away from the reporters camped outside her home., The award ceremony takes place at 10 a.m., 3/4 ounce fresh carrot juice, In three separate filings, attorneys for the Ohio's consumer protection division, environmental protection division, taxation department and workers' compensation bureau objected to the plan, in most cases, saying they wanted stronger assurances that the new GM would assume responsibility for older obligations., People fell in love with the idea - Mattu and Maznavi found contributors and an agent almost immediately - but just when it looked as if things were moving, the agent asked them to revise their lighthearted proposal into something more academic., Republican Rep. Steve Cookson sponsored the bill and says he won't withdraw it., Skyview coach Jay Gowen says Andreasen is a true tennis talent, but what separates him from most players of his age is an incredible fire to improve. When Skyview has an evening workout scheduled, Andreasen will often fit in a two- or three-hour practice prior to the team's workout., The attitude in the EU appears to be more proactive, though, with many saying some sort of support package has to be agreed upon, and soon. Jean-Claude Juncker, the head of the eurogroup of eurozone finance ministers, said Monday that the bloc "has to have an instrument available to it which will allow it to help.", East<U+0092>s focus on attendance is part of a larger effort to boost its graduation rate. Seventy-four percent of the school<U+0092>s seniors received diplomas in 2011, compared with a statewide graduation rate of 88 percent., Immigration officials have said the Essex facility will meet new, stringent guidelines., Public is invited, When the 63rd annual Golden Globes are dispersed, it will be the first time the award show airs on a Monday night in 12 years on NBC. The star-studded ceremony was moved from Sunday so "it wouldn't be in direct competition with the NFL playoffs," said Wendy Luckenbill, the network's vice president of entertainment publicity., However, average weekday circulation at the Post-Dispatch declined 4.2 percent., Eastman Kodak Co. will close its Kodak Gallery online photo service on July 2 and will transfer the business to Shutterfly Inc. Here are some options for existing users:, No, not Stephen Curry specifically -- though he and Davidson won't be performing any March magic again this year. Invitations were handed out to college basketball's big dance Sunday, and neither Curry nor Davidson received one., Evelyn Ortner, who died of leukemia Saturday at age 83, started helping others when she was 9. Growing up in Newark, she founded a group called the Charity Girls that performed musical theater at orphanages, critical care facilities and homes for the elderly., "They're both tough closers, but I think they're going to need someone to push Westwardho Hanover early in the race to give them a chance to come on at the end.", The interior of Douglas Schmidt and Stephen Martin's hillside home in San Francisco looks like the set for a 1950s urban comedy. The interior of their weekend home above Stinson Beach looks like a set from the plays and operas that Schmidt, 68, has designed during a long career in New York, San Francisco and points in between. His work can be seen in "Tales of the City" at ACT., Top 10, Part of the reason is that air fares have not kept up with the rate of inflation and the price of oil, Swelbar said., While many patients now seek support through online chat rooms, face-to-face groups have the advantage of "the warmth and closeness that can develop when people interact on a personal level," says Ruth Diab Lederer, a program manager at the American Brain Tumor Association. The nonprofit launched a training program for support-group leaders last year., "Instead of building monumental medical buildings in outer-ring suburbs in order to 'compete with the best,' the administration and management of MetroHealth Medical Center might meet the needs and expectations of county taxpayers by developing innovative ways to deliver reasonable health care in the heart of the city and at the same time maintain employment for those who are deplete and in need of jobs.", Details: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, April 18. Mesa Arts Center, 1 E. Main St. $32.50-$37.50. 480-644-6500, statesidepresents.com., It might be time for the consumer lexicon to change. Retailers usually refer to shoppers as "she," but turns out, men are out-shopping women online., Americans Elect is using the Internet to elect a nonpartisan presidential ticket, which is yet to be decided. It bills itself not as a third party but a "second way" to nominate a president, through direct participation by voters of any — or no — party., comprehensive pre-Games trial of the Park and spectator areas,, Whenever the Bears encounter a big scorer, they send forth Gutierrez to determine what the fellow had for lunch, so close does he stick to the man he's guarding., That was before the city began considering a developer's proposal to turn 191 acres of Maryland Heights' Howard Bend area - some of the last remaining farmland in St. Louis County - into yet another shopping center., From Azucena Tovar of Los Sombreros Cafe & Cantina, The home run structure at the Marlins' new ballpark isn't exactly an attractive piece of art. But let's be fair. It's no harder on the eyes than, say, if the neighbor kids TP'd your house on the same day your wife got you a front yard pink flamingo birthday display..., If the Supreme Court strikes down ObamaCare, Congress and whoever is president in January will have to rethink what to do next. Congress and the president should reorganize the health-care system to give people more choice, spur more innovation, and drive down the costs of health care. Rep. Paul Ryan's plan that is already before the House would get things going in the right direction., "People are being cautious," says Rockland, who's researched the origins of the superstition. "People are paying attention. It's actually pretty safe out there.", Built in the 1870s, the Stanley Block was condemned in 2010 after decades of neglect. At 2121 Ontario St., it sits across from the Higbee Building, where Rock Ohio Caesars plans to open a casino in mid-May. The casino developer acquired property around the Stanley Block and cleared it last year for a valet-parking operation and garage., The Blazers did their best defensive job on Nowitzki so far in the series. He still scored 25 points but was just 4 of 7 from the free throw line., Wyatt pays $400 a month for the two-bedroom house he shares with his physically disabled fiancée and 9-year-old son. He has lived there nearly nine years., Gen. Mariano Vallejo suggested his name - shortened to "Marin" - when the county north of San Francisco was formed in 1850., "The Voice," NBC's upstart singing competition, is back for its second season Sunday, and the network is kicking it off in prime-time style -- positioning it right after the Super Bowl., Recent polls have shown Obama gaining an edge over his likely Republican challenger, Mitt Romney, in several so-called swing states <U+0097> those that are considered up for grabs., What makes fear of "Brokeback" even more odd are the misconceptions that have developed among those who haven't seen the film. On top of being the favorite movie of the year of many critics, Ang Lee's film has mistakenly received a reputation as some kind of nonstop guy-on-guy sex romp., The Japanese automaker says it will offer the maintenance deal to Toyota buyers who already have a Toyota, Lexus or Scion in their household., Los Angeles International Airport will look a little different Tuesday as Alaska Airlines moves into a new space, and other airlines are switching terminals too., Let’s keep in mind that APS performance and progress has not been lost on national education leaders. According to U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan, “It cannot be ignored that under Dr. Hall’s leadership, Atlanta students have recorded notable gains in reading and mathematics on the separate National Assessment of Educational Progress ... more growth than any other participating urban district. These accomplishments should not go unrecognized.”, Alpha will cut production beyond the reductions announced earlier this year. It plans to cut shipments this year for Eastern metallurgical coal, Eastern steam coal and Western steam coal by a combined 7.5 million tons. Alpha is also reducing its capital spending plans for 2012 by $100 million to a range of $450 million to $650 million., Once upon a time, say about 1972, Cabo San Lucas was a sleepy little fishing town at the southern tip of Baja California. Then came the paved highway, the international airport, the marina, the golf courses, the raucous bars and well-heeled retreats. At the newest and perhaps fanciest, Capella Pedregal, suites this spring start at a cool $675 per night., NEW YORK <U+0096> Chrysler is evaluating options in the event it does not renew a partnership with Ally Financial to finance dealers and consumer loans, Reid Bigland, Chrysler<U+0092>s sales chief and CEO of the Dodge brand said Tuesday., "If you produce electricity through hydropower, you are reducing carbon emissions, which can have benefits," Sternberg said. "By the same token, we want to make sure impacts are addressed on the river, too.", First and foremost, the event was a fund-raiser. But Schwarz said he insisted that organizers make it fun. And "I didn't want it to be cheesy.", The singer-pianist takes a break from working on her new album with producer T Bone Burnett for a Tri-C JazzFest gig., Shares purchased: 18,600 Price: $13.42, Atlanta's run in this series includes two double-digit road victories last season and a 121-94 home win Jan. 21 in the only meeting this season as Johnson scored 25., The map tells the story, reading from right: Holbrook, Winslow, Flagstaff, Williams, Ash Fork and Seligman, evenly spaced across northern Arizona., Louis Pierre, 50, of Philadelphia and David R. Choi, 70, of Landsdale, Pa., are both listed in critical condition at Robert Wood Johnson. State Police believed both were seated in the rear section of the bus., Three separate stories, three separate narrators, one of them a female and yet they all sound the same. Monotone can be an effective literary device, but it requires a deftness, a judiciousness and, if the gods are smiling, some gradation of humor to pull off at great length. Without such things it becomes simply… monotonous., 8. Dallas (12) - Team likely to struggle after reigning league MVP and playmaker David Ferriera suffers broken right ankle in win against Vancouver., 1 Point-and-shoot camera, “It’s a lot to bring an 11-year-old Newfie into the city,” he said., "We're going into areas where the average income may be $60,000 to areas where it is in the $90,000s," said Aaron Hill, president of Dollar Deals World. "Regardless of household income, we think everyone is looking to save money.", Albert Greco, a professor of marketing at Fordham University in New York and a former high-school principal, said schools would need to buy iPads for its students if it were to replace printed books., This grew only more heightened once the first part of "Maus" came out and Spiegelman had to complete the work. "Maus I" ends at the gates of Auschwitz — its own kind of dead end, since, he explains, "it was impossible for me to imagine life in the death camps." Besides his father's memories, there were few useful sources; one was Tadeusz Borowski's "This Way for the Gas, Ladies and Gentlemen," a 1959 story collection Spiegelman admired for its "chilled, camera-like eye, as if Raymond Chandler was not the sentimentalist he is but had been in Auschwitz.", Trouble, these days, is never far from junior college sports programs. Money's tight, and schools often target sports when searching for the next budget cut., Tomback said that by aligning the school budget with Craig's, "we essentially narrow the parameters of renegotiation.", Tasters: Medical reporter Brie Zeltner, environment reporter Mike Scott, photographers Lonnie Timmons III and Joshua Gunter., PROFIT PLUNGE; Emirates Group, parent company of the Middle East's biggest airline, said Thursday its annual profit dropped 61 percent as soaring fuel costs ate into increased sales., Graham took the helm of Cleveland Clinic Innovations earlier this year. The center, located on the main campus of the Clinic near downtown Cleveland, is known for turning medical ideas from the health system's staff into commercial ventures that affect the region and the larger medical community., SOUTH BRUNSWICK, Sightseeing trip: It's about five blocks up from Lovers Point Park, with cute cottages from the town's Methodist camp days in between. Quaint shops and gingerbread Victorians along Lighthouse Avenue, which is also the faster route out to Point Pinos Lighthouse, may also hold your interest while you wait for the dinner-only Passionfish to open., The stated feeling by most players was that, aside from a few blips, they played well enough to win in a game that could have gone either way., The bottom line is "RevAbs" probably works, and may even lead to a better-defined stomach -- along with stronger arms and legs -- if you observe its nutrition rules and follow the program to the letter. Then again, the same can be said of just about any well-balanced exercise regimen., April’s income tax collections are the big factor toward getting the money to pay for what was a roughly $29 billion budget that runs through June. On Tuesday, Christie is scheduled to lay out his budget for the next fiscal year., Extras: Shuttle provided for tour-goers from Parking Structure 6 at 560 Wilbur Way., That evening, in accepting the Liberty Medal, he called out a wrong -- "the dysfunction in our political system.", Nah, just kidding: “We Live Here” is a family drama in which an impending wedding churns up buried resentments and leads to a reckoning. It almost goes without saying that the upper-middle-class characters have arty professions, drop erudite references while sipping wine and are mildly neurotic., Of course, a lot could happen between now and the election, and the Democrats are hardly conceding the majority., Who's feeling lucky?, Whitman said non-member gyms do not have to follow the Member Club Standard of Care Agreement, which is intended to promote a safe environment for athletes. Member clubs are not allowed to employ banned members or allow them to work as volunteers. Whitman said this is important because some banned coaches do not have a criminal conviction and can therefore pass a simple background check., The question at the root of the 1990-91 television series "Twin Peaks" asked "Who killed Laura Palmer?" That's the question that led the series' lead character, FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper, played by Kyle MacLachlan, to come to the town of Twin Peaks, Wash., and begin his investigation. The answer to the question is her father, Leland Palmer., Zumwalt said he's concerned about crime, traffic and parking around the light-rail stations. He added that he's even more upset that TriMet is rolling over residents and that the City Council is not pushing for solid promises from TriMet about security measures and amenities., On Ohio State’s Jared Sullinger:, You want your garden to create a feeling, Lovejoy says., Washington went through the right process to legalize gay marriage, he said. But he added that he doesn't think gay and lesbian couples should be able to marry., No, Hoboken resident Albie Manzo from "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" did not apply to be a deputy officer in Hudson County despite previous reports., It's a terrible way to feel -- and surely an unsettling message for kids and teenagers to receive., In between sobs, Poole described the scene — blue and red lights slicing the dark., He and Midway Ford owner Ed Tichenor were among area dealers who picked up their first new Ranger models at a big event Ford held at the Mall of America in October 1992., Yet even as the GOP proposal reduces deficits beyond what Obama proposed in his fiscal 2013 budget, it might not satisfy the most conservative elements in the party who are insisting that the budget be balanced within the decade., Simmons, who plans to step down later this year, said Brown is "deeply concerned" about Providence's finances and understands that its future is tied to that of the city., What is clear, though, is that horror fans will absolutely love "The Cabin in the Woods" and I'm willing to bet quite a few people who wouldn't be caught dead at your typical splatterfest will love this movie as well., Todd Piccus, Researchers understand that changing lifestyle behaviors requires education. The K-State journalism department has been enlisted to help get word out about the value of shopping local., Why has it taken so long for this film to get made? I call it a poisoned chalice. People have been trying to make movies about Bob Marley for years, both fictions films and documentaries. At least a dozen fiction films have come and gone, and some of them are still trying to get made. It's a very complex, litigious world, the world of Marley. A lot of different people own various rights, and you need to get everybody on your side. But in the end I was able to use the footage and songs I wanted on a reasonable budget., debt levels, Dave said "cost cuts aren't necessarily tied to de-levering," (i.e. reducing debt) noting many are just "good business" and "common sense." Pointed to recent trip where he hit 4 cities in Tex over 2.5 day period, flying Southwest, for 10% of what it would have cost to "use our jet." Added that for $140 day hotel allowance, AB execs can still stay in a good hotel. There used to be 1200 Blackberry's at AB, now there are 720. AB is "just setting some boundaries." Here's more about AB's new world: "We don't get paid to stay in 5 star hotels, fly company planes or have palatial offices," said Dave., Now he's hoping the company will help him in what could be his final days. Rexroad, 50, learned earlier this year that he has cancer - Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Last week, he learned that the cancer had reached Stage IV., "I congratulate President-elect Obama on his historic victory, and now it's time to begin unifying the country so we can take on the extraordinary challenges that this generation faces," said Clooney., The class standing offers court-ordered protection to that broad category of Latino residents, said Cecilia Wang, director of the American Civil Liberties Union's Immigrants' Rights Project., The result was a 60-page guide to Newark’s Muslims, which was obtained by the Associated Press., "I called my supervisor and said, 'I just caught a golden eagle and it's dead,' " said Strader. "He said, 'Did anybody see it?' I said, 'Geez, I don't think so.', On both nights I dined at Gram & Dun, the waiters made a special plug for the Jar of Budino (that's Italian for pudding) served in a stout apothecary jar. But the butterscotch-flavored pudding was one dimensional, and slightly grainy. The Butter Popcorn Ice Cream Sundae sounded vaguely intriguing but really wasn't that different from the Gram & Dun Bar, which looks and tastes like the Little Debbie Nutty Bars my mom used to pack in my lunch when I was a kid. I'd like something less rich and fruity <U+0097> a cobbler maybe?, Although he has hinted at this in the past and at other venues, for the first time here, James said he erred in the way he left. That admission came in response to a question about whether he had tried to patch things up with Cavs owner Dan Gilbert, who blasted James in an open letter to Cavs fans -- in comic sans type -- after James' defection., "We could have worked together .... some chose not to. This is ridiculous," said Grantham, R-Canon City., Detroit's Kronwall just hit the post., Team athletic trainer Dave Groeschner said Tommy John surgery "would be a possibility" for the 30-year-old Wilson, who already underwent the procedure once in college. Recovery time that surgery is typically a year to 18 months., The number of people in the U.S. with one or more EpiPens, the dominant brand for delivering epinephrine, has grown by 72%—to 1.8 million—since December 2002. Children make up 46% of EpiPen users., Sens. Teresa Ruiz (D-Essex) and Loretta Weinberg (D-Bergen) wrote letters to presidents of 25 colleges and universities across New Jersey to ask that they ban Four Loko, a fruit-flavored, caffeine-infused drink that delivers a quick and overwhelming high., And if you're not sure whether you have applied (or are worried that your application might not have been processed), you can now check the status online. Look up your address on the state's Real Property Data Search page and scroll to the bottom of the page to see if it notes whether the application is in and approved., Former U.S. Rep. Pete Hoekstra of Holland, who leads the GOP race to challenge Stabenow, had a 28% favorable rating. That compares with 29% in January and 26% in November., Butin advises utilizing vertical space for accessories and shoes. The shelf above the hanging bar can house hat boxes and shoes stored in clear plastic boxes. Side walls can hold hooks for handbags, and a corkboard can display jewelry. Belts get messy quickly, she warns, so rolling them and placing them in a basket is your best bet. You can also keep your go-to shoes in a basket on the floor., Hickenlooper has a month to sign the bill. His spokesman, Eric Brown, said the governor has not yet reviewed the measure., For their second collaboration, "Rescued Recipes," they looked outside their family kitchen to preserve recipes from strangers. There's Elaine Nail's Italian Cream Cake, Jean Kemper's Pot Luck Macaroni Salad, Roberta Wilson's Four Ingredient Brisket and dozens more., Propane is a heating and cooking gas that’s easily pressurized into a liquid for transportation and storage. It accounts for about 4 percent of U.S. energy use, according to the National Propane Gas Association., Whether you travel with complex equipment, or only a phone camera, your images will benefit from taking the time to form an impression of your subject before working to intentionally capture that feeling you have formed., An attorney for Martin's parents, who were in the courtroom when Zimmerman spoke, spurned the apology. The parents, Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton, had no comment as they left., Merkle said he's been pleased that the UAW has shown a recent willingness to work with automakers. The union, for example, has said it wants the companies its members work for to be profitable. In the past, the UAW has seen large profits as a sign that companies weren't paying the workers enough, Merkle said., The demolition of the two Aigburth vale outbuildings had been urged by the Aigburth Manor Association based on their condition, and in December the county approved the demolition., The prices index rose slightly in March to the highest level in almost three years. That could also contribute to broader inflation if manufacturers pass on some of the higher costs., Glen Dennis, who works at a Oil Can Henry's about two blocks from the shooting scene, said he saw two patrol cars and a silver unmarked police car driving around an apartment complex at Northeast Seventh Avenue and Halsey Street., The result: total defeat, no moral victories., • Martin MacMahon, MLSsoccer.com: Timbers win 1-0 over 'Caps in BC Place opener: The Timbers, for their part, hope to continue their hunt for a spot in the 2011 MLS Cup Playoffs when they face the Houston Dynamo at JELD-WEN Field on Oct. 14. Portland (11-13-7) now sit on 40 points, tied with the New York Red Bulls, but just out of the final playoff spot based upon head-to-head results., Sheriff's spokesman Brian Lee said deputies were able to start the sweep Thursday afternoon and arrested four people: Two had warrants for suspended licenses, one had a suspended license, and one was illegally carrying a firearm. He did not know whether any were illegal immigrants., "If you think that Civil Partnership is the same as marriage, think again!" the company says on its U.K. website. "Show your support and help convince members of parliament that it's time to say 'I do' to same sex marriage!", Demand for oil and gasoline has been falling, and a Friday report indicated high gas prices have impacted other facets of U.S. consumer spending. Still, analysts believe investors were cautious about selling ahead of a long holiday break. In February, oil prices shot up more than $7 per barrel as the Libyan uprising escalated over the President's Day weekend., Next door loomed five-story Museum Moderner Kunst Stiftung Wien. MUMOK holds Vienna's premier contemporary art collection, but I found its metallic passageways slightly suffocating. A special exhibit covered the 1960s Vienna Actionists, who favored "direct work with bodies, objects and substances" (i.e., blood, excrement and organs). I zipped through, already unsteadied by feminist rage and postmodern subversions, and it was past suppertime., Eid said he is in favor of opening up research into marijuana's potential as a medicine, but he said such research should abide by established scientific practices and not occur in the more generally rag-tag atmosphere of state medical-marijuana programs., It was not really Scarlet Johanssson and Chris Evans in the super-suits, but workers Melissa McGuire, from corporate communications, and Michael King, a security guard, greeting people at the door., Except this is not a scene from the life of Dr. Gonzo, or an outtake from Depp’s own tripping tribute, “Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.” It is, instead, from “Rango.” A new cartoon. For children., "Building fences and stopping people from sneaking into the country only goes part way," said Jeffrey Passel, senior demographer at the center who studies the undocumented population. Passel said 35 million people come to the U.S. with visas every year for extended stays. On top of that, there are millions of people who cross through land ports each year for short visits, making it difficult to keep track of everyone who enters and leaves., includes zoned stretch fabric tailored for precise fit and movement, water-repelling fabric, Flywire technology around the neck line for a lightweight lockdown fit, and strategic ventilation over major heat zones. This jersey also incorporates highly flexible premium twill numbers for a comfortable every day wearable feel., "The spin-off of Fiat Industrial will result in a weakening of Fiat's business profile compared to the present combined Fiat Group to the extent that it would reduce the scale and the diversification of each of the separate entities," Moody's said in a statement., Her commitment to openness was tested "times 100" when, as part of the IVF treatments, a doctor sent Giuliana for a mammogram and she was diagnosed with breast cancer. She went public in October, announcing it on the "Today" show., Ian Desmond had two hits and knocked in the lone run, and Steve Lombardozzi finished 2-for-4. The Nationals have scored just seven runs during their current losing streak., "I look forward to extending my hand to (opponent) Ann Marie (Donegan), so hopefully we can team up and get this county straightened out," he said Tuesday night. "I appreciate the voters giving me this opportunity. It's going to be a hard job but we're going to do the best we can.", After I left the building, I wandered around Jarnac again, watching a mother duck and four ducklings swimming in the Charente in the late afternoon sun. I had visited all the major houses, and because Cognac can be produced only in the Cognac region, I realized, sadly, that my quest had ended., Mike Cameron (1995-present) ... .250/.340/.447 ... 269 HR, 941 RBI, 1037 Runs ... 106 OPS+ ... 3 Gold Gloves, Authorities believe he defrauded donors of up to $100 million in 41 states since 2001, including $2 million in Ohio. A fraction of the money has been found., "We got 30,000 more coming home from Iraq," said Stand Down director Barbara Ross of Carmichael. "What are we going to do with them? We have no jobs, no military bases to house them.", Shelton is a one-time Arizona Wildcats commit who took his first official visit to Oregon State in mid-November. Then he made another visit., Ryan's at-bats have been chock-full of seeing him walk (11 times, best on the team) and check swings. Manager Eric Wedge said the check swings are one of the symptoms of the slump his shortstop is in., Located on a dog-eared stretch of San Pedro Street, the store is surrounded by merchants peddling toys, discount furniture and cheap jewelry out of weathered storefronts. Made by DWC has no advertising budget and has largely relied on word of mouth to attract customers. To greet the cash mob late last month the shop put out a chalkboard sign that read: "Welcome mobsters!", The district limits furlough days to 10, which at $1.2 million a day, reduces only $12 million. That leaves the rest to staff cuts. The district starts with 71 staff, including teachers, principals, secretaries and aides, which slices $5.6 million. It tops out at 568 staff, which cuts $44.8 million., "The numbers for Latin America have been essentially stable over the past three years," he said. "They also reflect a shift in the aid mix: We are inverting the percentages allocated to military and humanitarian assistance.", Irma: Every place that we went, there were people who were very knowledgeable about the area, so they had lectures and we went to all of them, or most all of them., Moser said that even as the Odones were accusing him of going too slow, he was hearing from medical colleagues outraged that the oil treatment was being oversold; some families spent fortunes getting their hands on it only to find it didn't help. "There was a feeling it was snake oil and people were taking financial advantage of desperate patients," Moser said., On defeating North Carolina and making it to the Final Four:, The celebration will take place 5 to 10 p.m. Sunday at East Brunswick Community Arts Center, 440 Dunhams Corner Road. Highlights will include food vendors, a carnival midway and entertainment by The Nerds. Fireworks are scheduled to begin at 9:30 p.m. Call (732) 390-6797., “The thing is, if you've ever been hurt and you think sadness, you sing spirituals. That's where you get the blues from,” he said. “Spirituals and blues are so close together, and that's where I get the feeling how to deliver the story that I'm telling.”, The Blues have been strong on the forecheck, they've blocked six shots and they're winning the face-off battle 60-40., government regulators haven't paid as much attention to Apple as they did to Microsoft during the 1990s and to Google during the past four years., WASHINGTON — President Obama will try to add the cost of college to the campaign debate this week as he travels to campuses in three swing states and calls on Congress to prevent a hike in student loan interest rates this summer., With better tenacity on the offensive boards and an increased effort to get into the paint, the Nuggets cut the Lakers' lead to 14-13 midway through the first quarter., Legislatures, facing large deficits and lagging tax receipts, have been slicing education budgets. Politicians, especially on the right, have attacked teachers unions as the problem with public education, rather than engaging them as critical allies for change. So-called education reformers have focused heavily on using student test scores to evaluate teachers (while others complain that teachers are “teaching to the test”). Meanwhile, little effort is made to address the strong correlation between socio-economic status and student achievement in the U.S., Earlier in the day, the organizations opposed to the nomination said Patterson has defended large corporations like manufacturers of guns and lead paint, and will side with big business to the detriment of consumers., Fraser said the military would conduct an investigation and the personnel would face appropriate punishment. Meanwhile, the military service members were under orders not to have contact with other individuals and will return to the U.S. after the completion of their mission at the summit., The preschool classes meet Monday-Thursday for 21 hours a day. Transportation is not provided for peer model students., It seemed every time Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad sneezed, the price for a barrel of oil would escalate. Even though the daily market values were for "future" delivery, the cost of gasoline would jump immediately. Why?, "I just have a good feeling that I'm going to do something special," Neal said. "I've got a lot of people that say I'm going to be this and that at the next level -- I'm not going to (succeed) because I'm just doing it now because I'm not playing against no competition., 2510 NW 119th Pl; 2,444 square feet; on 6/1/2011 for $310,000, "I would like to thank the two wonderful gentlemen who found our dog, Tiny. They were golfing at Ironwood Golf Course on the ninth hole when he trotted up to them. They checked his ID tag, called me, then tried to find Tiny something to eat. He rode with them in their cart back to the clubhouse, where we picked him up. Tiny had been missing for more than four days in some of the most miserable fall weather our area can produce. For your good deeds that day -- I hope you both get a hole-in-one next round.", Also last year, Jackson told the group, Nike remodeled its flagship store in London and in Paris on the Champs-Elysees., "It's a sad day for General Motors, a sad day for the city of Detroit and those families who are going to be negatively impacted by what occured today," Bing said., Otis def. Hi-Plains, 3-0, According to the Air Force, each of the sleek, diamond-winged aircraft costs $143 million., In Europe, the FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 9.52 points, or 0.2 percent, at 5,236.21 while Germany's DAX fell 18.37 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,667.24. The CAC-40 in France managed to tweak out some gains rising by just over a point to 3,722.69., "While Tim Masters has achieved some measure of justice as a result of this settlement, he would gladly trade all the money for the return of 10 years of his life behind prison bars and ten years before that of living under a cloud of suspicion. ", "(The dogs) are family members, just like my daughter," said Greg Demaras, 47, a real estate agent. "We have so much care, concern and love invested in them that we should be proactive.", Don't pile fruit on top of each other because they'll bruise. Make a single layer in your box or bag., How an obvious computer error escalated into a security breach that caused so much trouble for an 89-year-old man is baffling, but it happened, and it could happen to anyone as the Transportation Security Administration tightens its boarding-pass review process., “His jaw was literally on the floor,” Patterson said., Team bonding is one thing. Victory is something totally different. The big picture for the Indians is suddenly a bit brighter after they opened their road season by winning three straight series for the first time in 24 years., Roy insists his body feels great, and that neither of his knees are giving him trouble., With so many products, so many different styles of traveling, and wildly varying ideas of what's affordable and useful, what do you give the traveler on your holiday gift list?, Darlington is a fine reporter and writer whose earlier books have covered subjects as varied as the Mojave Desert and Area 51. He previously assayed the wine world in "Angels' Visits," which pondered the mysteries of Zinfandel. In this book, he approached wine more from the point of view of a besotted admirer. Now, 20 years later, his gaze is a little more distanced and his appreciation a lot more nuanced., The city escaped the most nightmarish traffic scenarios Saturday, as many drivers - despite the allure of a warm weekend day in a city offering a baseball game, a beer fest and other events - heeded warnings to steer clear of the area., In another case, Hauge wrote herself checks worth more than $12,000 even though her ward had been dead for months, investigators charged., Lamb, 52, was a freelance photographer who now receives disability payments. He has an active warrant for his arrest on a disorderly conduct case, according to Cleveland Municipal Court records (pdf). Police accuse him of trespassing at Arbor Park Village near Woodland Avenue in Cleveland and acting in a "turbulent manner.", The stakes -- and cost -- of ensuring greater fish survival on the Columbia and Snake river systems increased dramatically in 1991 after most of the salmon and steelhead runs were listed for protection under the Endangered Species Act. Since then, dam operators and power marketers spend millions each year studying dam operations and then trying to improve them., That, and why did he pick jersey No. 6, which was Jay Cutler's old number before his messy divorce with the Broncos three years ago?, Related video:, "All these years, I've seen a lot of good athletes as far as high school athletics, and there was no comparison with (Dugan). What he said, that was quite a compliment.", Vescolani said he was "extremely positive" about the financial health of the center. But he added that its commissioners believed the center wasn't adequately taking into account the cost of wear and tear - or depreciation - on equipment and the center's galleries, which Vescolani wants to overhaul., The group stuck small American flags in the grass along Oakwood Blvd. outside the museum as police kept a cordon around the nearby Greenfield Village grounds., DOUGLAS 57, Pleasant Hill 14, DETROIT -- The United Auto Workers, along with a coalition of other labor unions and environmental groups, sent a letter to the Obama administration Monday in support of stricter fuel efficiency standards, along with federal support for necessary investments., Kate Spade New York last month launched two cycling bags in collaboration with Adeline Adeline, a New York City bicycle shop that specializes in urban commuter biking. (The partnership included a limited-edition, $1,100 Italian Abici bicycle fully outfitted for commuters with enclosed chain guards and fenders and a silver rear rack.), At the risk of sounding like a worn-out 45 rpm, let me start by acknowledging that this is yet another bill in Ohio's General Assembly that has nothing do with the jobs, the jobs, the jobs they promised during last year's campaign., The fact the Browns haven't tried to trade McCoy yet doesn't mean they won't. A source said the team will take a little time to think about what to do., The city canceled its contract with Baltimore Racing Development in December. Last week, the Board of Estimates approved a five-year contract to run the Grand Prix under new management, Downforce Racing, which is composed of Dale Dillon, an Indianapolis building contractor, and two former Constellation Energy Group executives, Felix J. Dawson and Daniel C. Reck. The men have said that they are the company's only investors., "They'll teach the younger people what unions are -- that they're not thugs or mobsters, but working people," she said., Fire sprinklers are the only proactive form of fire protection, providing firefighters the time they need to do their jobs as safely and effectively as possible, and helping to avoid potential tragedies like the one that occurred in Bridgeton this week., Burr said people are hurting and the economy is in "grave danger.", To keep unpleasant odors at bay, take these additional precautions, From a team size and style of play perspective, Saint Peter’s matches up very well with Purdue. As a three seed, Purdue has all the pressure. No one expects much from SPC. Purdue also appears less than stellar when not playing at home in West Lafayette Indiana., Before the announcement was made, Martin and Parcells spoke briefly on the phone and tried to sum up a relationship that affected both over the years. They wished each other luck and hoped for the best., Xiau-Fong Wee, Garnett responded on the court, topping his regular-season high of 25 points and adding five blocks and three steals., I could overhear our host explain to others how everything was behind and customers were pretty much screwed if they expected to have food at their table in a timely fashion., Christmas Buffet: noon-8 p.m. Dec. 25. The Christmas lunch and dinner buffet offers cheeses, fruits, smoked salmon, trout, cocktail shrimp and gulf oysters. Also includes hot buffet items such as prime rib; bourbon and mustard roasted ham; mustard-crusted lamb chops; mashed potatoes and roasted winter squash. Reservations suggested. Pointe In Tyme, Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort 11111 N. Seventh St., Phoenix. $47.95; $38.95 for seniors; $19.95 for age 12 and younger. 602-866-6348., There is a small "Keep Right" advisory posted in the Richmond median that points out where to go, but its size and placement make it ineffective., She likes snow; she likes the trees bare of leaves; and she likes the peace and quiet of the season., “We were tired of getting walked over at home.’’, A city spokeswoman said "the city maintains its position that we are fully capable of managing our police department." She declined to comment further., Cooper University Hospital, Overview: The Czech small forward has the size and athleticism to be a stretch power forward with the NBA's emphasis on small ball., Mounting political instability in Greece would add further uncertainty to the euro zone's financial and economic crisis, in which a growing number of European leaders are being ousted by parties or voters against a backdrop of public anger over austerity and recession., Vanessa Wayne, director of the campaign - a collaboration of the United Way of Greater St. Louis and the St. Louis Post-Dispatch - said getting so close to the goal during a time when those who used to give are now seeking help reflects a generous St. Louis., So what do you think? With the Avengers film opening this weekend, TDKR will have a tough act to follow!, Willis accused federal investigators of using two other political figures, his friend Edward Cheatam, who was a Jersey City Board of education member and a Jerssey City housing commissioner, and political consultant Jack Shaw, to dupe Smith into taking the money, which Smith insisted was actually campaign contributions., 4. "Time After Time", to tie the game at 14., The original bill would have prevented the Missouri Gaming Commission from taking a license solely because of declining economic performance. That was the phrase cited by the commission when it moved to take the license from the President, located on the historic Admiral riverboat. The decision is on appeal., Under the cloud of a work stoppage, Rush players might have questioned whether their season would start on time., Nutrition information per serving (values are rounded to the nearest whole number): 519 calories; 123 calories from fat (24 percent of total calories); 14 g fat (6 g saturated; 0 g trans fats); 26 mg cholesterol; 70 g carbohydrate; 30 g protein; 4 g fiber; 1,058 mg sodium., o"Pat is one of those rare individuals whose influence crosses all boundary lines," said Oklahoma coach Sherri Coale. "Literally thousands of coaches in a vast array of sports abide by her tenets, passing them on as gospel to their players., NANCY M. DOMINGUEZ, 76, Orlando, died Friday. Newcomer Family Funeral Home, East Orlando Chapel., "People are praying, let's put it that way, that the Bloomberg administration and their destructive policies toward our schools are over," said Leonie Haimson, director of Class Size Matters, which fights many Bloomberg policies., Now Young faces expulsion from school., Cibelli then wrapped the victim in trash bags and dumped her body in Pennsylvania, the prosecutor said., In all its formal resolutions releasing records, the commission has acknowledged that the documents are the sort that would be handed over under the state open records law., In much of the world, an elected official, with a hefty title, carries weight, said Brad McDearman, who studies exporting at the Brookings Institute in Washington. Making the effort to fly across the globe signals "trade matters to us," McDearman said. And, while companies conduct trade with private-sector partners, being on an official delegation can open doors, especially for smaller firms., Whitehead said in speaking with students, she found that they really didn’t like looking at the ugly abandoned building, which is located just across from the middle school on New Market Street., The Marina joins Oceania's fleet of three other ships while a sister ship to the Marina, the Riviera, remains under construction in Italy, and will debut in April 2012. The Marina and Riviera are the line's first ships built from scratch. The Regatta, Insignia and Nautica were refurbished ships by Oceania., Tuesday's game started four hours earlier than scheduled because heavy rain and strong winds were forecast to hit Chiba., NASCAR SPRINT CUP, 1/4 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, To a weapons profiteer, an armed and dangerous America is a beautiful thing., It's fish that pulls in customers from all over the Bay Area., Weak Chicago-area manufacturing data released Monday increased the odds that the Federal Reserve will embark on a new round of bond purchases, known as quantitative easing, in order to stimulate the economy, traders and analysts said. That speculation has put downward pressure on the greenback by pushing U.S. Treasury yields lower, reducing the incentive to hold dollar-denominated debt., O'Donnell denied the attorney general's motion to intervene in February. The 8th Ohio District Court of Appeals refused to hear an appeal that subsequently was filed., FLEMING — They are the gold standard., On Monday, Camby did some early court work with fellow injured centers Joel Przybilla and Greg Oden, then did some conditioning in the pool., Quality of service: Superb., Asked whether he had considered holding out, and thus making it a hung jury, Alba said that would have been a "hypocrisy" because the jurors were charged with trying to find unanimity and some jurors did change their minds during deliberations., Home is home, after all, even if it doesn't crack 40 degrees before June., "It looks like honed granite," he said., Stockton and Stringer were inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2009, along with Michael Jordan, David Robinson and Jerry Sloan., Wendell Maxey: You can always count on Armon for two things: to be real with you and be ready to shoot when he gets in the game. Can't blame the guy for having a quick trigger with the mop up minutes he played for Nate McMillan to close out the season. Going forward, I think you bring Armon back. He's a good size guard with an aggressive drive for the game. The smooth lefty showed some growth signs during his stint with the Idaho Stampede and is still learning how to run a team and play the right way (read: cut down on the turnovers youngster). Besides, you have to bring Johnson back. Who else is going to come running and cheering off the bench with Patty Mills?, Destiny had lived in Bridgeton until moving in the fifth grade., While welcomed by resorts, late-season storms carry risks., - Gunfire erupted at a Venezuelan prison on Tuesday, prompting National Guard troops to use tear gas as they sought to take back control from armed inmates., This automatic trigger was supposed to be so unpopular that the supercommittee, formed in September, would invariably find a better way to achieve the savings, using tax increases, spending cuts or a combination of the two., RPI: 18, The aquarium is at 249 Windward Passage in Clearwater. Open weekdays 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Saturday 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. and Sunday 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is $14.95 adults, $9.95 ages 3-12, $10.95 seniors. (727) 441-1790; www.SeeWinter.com., A: It's absolutely correct, for a host of reasons, experts say., 7. Outdoor sports. Whitewater rafting in spring, hiking and biking in summer and fall, skiing in winter - Taos provides a great base for seasonal sports., In other violence, a suicide bomber struck a bazaar in a northeastern district Thursday, killing two people and wounding 16 others., "Our whole approach is to craft messages that are very closely modulated for the political middle," said Colin Hanna, who directs a group, Let Freedom Ring, which plans to advertise heavily against the president starting in late spring., A demanding career in politics (one job was as deputy secretary of the California Department of Food and Agriculture) ended his days as a restaurateur. He sold, a new restaurant moved in, then the space became a special-events center, then closed and changed hands again., While BP and federal managers were stressing how hard it had become to find enough oil to skim, Kistner was motoring with a local fisherman through big, mostly lifeless pockets of what resembled "spongy orange cake batter" that put out an overpowering odor "like being stuck in a gas station with all the pump nozzles pointing at your face.", A retired cop told Brown some officers receive protective vests through labor negotiations. A high school teacher said she's able to keep a manageable class size thanks to her union., "I believe I can be more effective as a refreshed state representative to protect the citizens of Geauga and eastern Cuyahoga counties," he told the paper for a Jan 10 story., Johnson, who took in a Sox-Oakland game at Fenway while in town to promote the season finale, said ‘New Girl’ has been a great shot in the arm for his career and already there are imitators popping up in Hollywood., Vescolani is "a talented and experienced non-profit executive," said Ted Hellman, chairman of the center's board of commissioners, in a prepared statement., "Girls" represents an exciting moment in television history because, like a handful of other shows (MTV's "Awkward," most notably) it not only makes great use of the medium but has the creative guts to realign it for a new century and a new generation., Among the most recent victims was an 85-year-old blind widow named Dorothy King. Her niece, Angenetta Allen, said Barnett deserved the harsh punishment., Robert Rybak was one of five people indicted on corruption charges along with Dimora last month. Rybak pleaded not guilty to five counts. He will change that plea to guilty next week, his attorney John Corrigan said Friday., LONDON <U+0097> Chicago Bulls forward Luol Deng is one of three NBA players who have agreed to play on Britain<U+0092>s Olympic team., When information is dispersed in limited quantities without all of the ramifications that surround the core of the situation, we are at risk of being manipulated. Will the barking dogs check the facts, or will they join the pack because the lead-off barker makes more noise than the others and is, paradoxically, rewarded with more bushels of biscuits?, A pane of glass was broken on the front door and various items were stolen March 23 from a home in the 400 block of West Kirkham Avenue., Emergency food kit, Raburn and Leyland said the tweak wasn't anything serious, though Raburn did receive treatment., "Certainly from the industry, safety is our number one priority year round, not just at the holidays," Leistner said., "It seems like we can always do something better than what we've done. I guess that's part of the drive that keeps us creating, taking something that comes into our minds and turning it into a tangible piece of art. Hopefully there's still some demand for it. But it starts with us wanting to do it. Needing to, really. I look as music as something I need to do., San Diego Imam Sharif Battikhi said it's important to build cultural bridges at this trying time. "We need to stand for justice and condemn all kinds of violence," he said., The information about Blanco's retirement package arose from the Port Authority's decision to post several years of employee payroll information on its website in an attempt to increase transparency., PCOM students also take a required course in pharmacoeconomics to learn how to evaluate one drug therapy over another based on effectiveness and cost., A compromise proposal could allow filibusters only on the final vote for any piece of legislation but not on procedural votes. Dissenting senators actually would have try to talk a bill to, That Lugar - an establishment candidate if there ever was one - fell to a tea party-backed Republican made clear that the divisions within the GOP that were on display in 2010 primaries across the country had not yet healed., First, they want to gather input from the district's long range facilities planning committee and see the results of a public survey., Most of these leagues require teams or clubs to apply for acceptance, and participating groups must have a proven track record of success., She did so early and often., SPONSOR: Target/Tums, The Pepsi Center fans booed and began a profane chant. Gallinari rose to his feet holding his throat while staggering to the bench. Gasol did what Gasol always does after a big play, which is sort of pump his fist, then sort of shrug, but the point was clear., Coroner Fiona Wilcox said it was unlikely that the demise of code breaker Gareth Williams, 31, would "ever be satisfactorily explained," despite a 21-month police inquiry, and seven days of expert evidence to an inquest hearing., When Swistak and I left, the Rosas kids still were riding sleds down the hill. I don't know how long they stuck around after that., He said he hates to cut these subjects, but did not want to close any schools, raise already-high class sizes or eliminate busing, kindergarten, sports and extracurricular activities., Carney worries about the future of Missouri S&T - and the entire system - given the current political and financial landscape. He's bothered by a decline in state funding and limits on tuition increases., He knew "The Track Too Tough To Tame" was going to be difficult. That's why he put it on her Sprint Cup Series schedule. And Stewart would know: In 19 career starts, he's never won at Darlington. It's one of only two active tracks on the schedule where he's yet to visit Victory Lane., Muller was hauling clothes and furniture. His vehicle came to rest in a ditch along the eastbound side of the highway., The updated advice was released online Thursday in the heart association journal, Circulation., Soon-Shiong, 59, is a doctor, biotech investor and philanthropist. Forbes this month estimated the net worth of Cohen at $8.3 billion and Soon-Shiong at $7.2 billion., Did you seriously consider coming back for another season at UK?, Orlando at Indiana on Saturday, The controversy has roots in Madison County's high number of asbestos injury cases and its unusual way of apportioning trial slots in advance to law firms specializing in them. Crowder allotted the 2013 dates on Dec. 1., The drinks are really the thing at Manifesto, and they have won honors at mixing competitions. Most are based on Prohibition-era liquors such as whiskey, gin, rum, tequila and rye., "It may not be the best legal strategy, but, certainly, it was the right thing to do," Manhattan state Supreme Court Justice Michael Obus said, "even though it landed you in the situation you're in now.", NE Sandy - Glisan / 28th - 39th, Travis Zajac, who scored the winning OT goal, was hurt when Marcel Goc landed on his legs after a faceoff with 5:45 left in the second period. He walked off the injury, which he said was not his Achilles, in the runway leading to the dressing room and was back soon afterwards., Courville said the chapel is used for daily Mass and some funerals and weddings. The church had been looking for an organ to replace an electric keyboard when Crandall volunteered to build one., The post went on to detail the slew of documents the government promptly provided to help Elasticity pay this fee and that tax on time., The road ends here, but a narrow trail switchbacks up the slope, heading generally east toward the imposing bulk of Picketpost, which looks quite unhikable from this angle., Brian Halla, National Semiconductor $5,340,000, U.S. Sen. Bob Corker, whose role in federal government bailout talks has been criticized by the UAW, said he's disappointed for all the families affected by Spring Hill's uncertainty., “Just being able to extend that defense, trap a little bit more, hopefully turn some steals and some missed baskets into some transition points,” McMillan said, explaining the defensive benefits. “Right now we are really just playing a halfcourt game. I want to see if we can extend our defense and pick it up.”, Confidentiality rules prevent Orange County Child Protective Services from saying whether the agency was involved in the boy's placement. But spokeswoman TerryLynn Fisher said it's entirely possible the boy went to stay with family members without ever entering the county's system., “Hopefully, they will come to this meeting, as well., "Everyone will go crazy if he does it," Odell whispered. "We could really use this right now.", After dinner came a gradual winding down, generally with a recounting of the day's experiences - rubbing noses with a sea lion, a peaceful swim in a turquoise bay, an iPhone video of dolphins bow-riding - and, for some, star-gazing, cocktails and the subsequent philosophizing that often follows., "Hello, congressman," a couple of patrons said softly, while others returned his smile or lifted a hand in greeting., Yankees: Offense thrived last season without a big year from Alex Rodriguez or Mark Teixeira. The starters will sort themselves out and the bullpen is lights out., The Assads made their entrance with a typically hand-in-glove performance, exciting the audience with the bluesy "Palhaco" by Egberto Gismonti., Portland-based Legacy Health will cut as many as 400 positions, most of them in the metro area, to cope with a $40 million budget hole., You can already hear the chorus singing: We'd gladly give up our personal freedoms for a $95 million contract with the Bulls and a $260 million contract with Adidas. Where do we sign up?, The president's plan also takes a shot at long-term unemployment: Companies would get a $4,000 tax break for hiring people who have been unemployed for more than six months. As of August, the government says, 43 percent of unemployed Americans have been out of work for six months or more., At 11 p.m., a 19-year-old man was standing on the sidewalk in the 500 block of North Springfield Avenue about when a green car stopped in the street and a backseat passenger shot him, police said. The suspects then fled northbound. The man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital with a gunshot wound to the thigh and is listed in "stable" condition., Nilsson's lawyer, Dan Karalash, countered that his client made sure that the maintenance work got done and at a fair price., The group said several important decisions remain, including whether the governor will restore the funds to clean energy programs; what his proposed Energy Master Plan will look like; and whether he will oppose a recently-passed bill that would encourage the building of some natural gas power plants with state subsidies., The news caught many in the animation community off guard, especially since Laika’s first film, “Coraline,” was a critical darling and a commercial success, with global ticket sales topping $120 million., Beilein's three NCAA tournament teams at Michigan all had two weaknesses: They lacked size, and they lacked athleticism. That will change next year. McGary is high-energy, highly touted and 6-foot-10. Robinson is a 6-6 forward with varied offensive skills. He and Stauskas should keep defenses from constantly trapping Burke, and take pressure off Tim Hardaway Jr., who is a terrific scorer but a weak ball-handler., The owner of an average-priced house in the county pays about $50 per year for the service., Dave Bundy, publisher of the Suburban Journals of Greater St. Louis and interim publisher of Ladue News, made the announcement today., WALL TOWNSHIP -- A man was fatally struck tonight by a vehicle on Route 35, according to Wall Township authorities., Cinco de Mayo is a great time for colorful lucha libre, so Distrito is building a wrestling ring for pro luchadores. Enjoy $5 margaritas and $2 Tecate beers all day, and stick around for the $35 chef's tasting menu with a $15 tequila pairing. Mariachis and a DJ will provide musical entertainment., "The Legislature and its leadership have perfected shell games to an art form," said Jon Coupal, president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association., But I would be NOT doing a good job if I did not mention that Kelly has proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that he is hands down and flat out the greatest surfer who has ever lived. He has won nine World Championships and is on his way to an unbelievable 10th as we speak., "What we have done with the Patriot Act, we've given the government enormous powers. We've given the government the right to reach deeply into people's private lives, into their business affairs, without a court order.", "We'll lose," senior guard William Buford said. "You can't treat (Gonzaga) like slouches. That's what they want you to do, but you can't.", Aco Simonoski, 52, of Strongsville: Sentenced Wednesday by Judge Ronald Suster to 18 years in prison for hitting his 51-year-old wife and 22-year-old daughter with an ax during an argument Aug. 21 at their Hollo Oval home. He pleaded no contest and was found guilty of attempted murder, four counts of felonious assault and two counts of domestic violence., "I fell in love with music and haven't looked back since," he says., After taking part in Thom's Amazing Waxing Demonstration in front of the fireplace at the chalet, Thom Perkins, executive director since 1975, tells us about the Jackson Groomed Trail Challenge in which participants try to ski all 60 miles of groomed trails in a single day., Margaret Hance became the first female mayor of Phoenix -- the largest American city with a woman in charge. Hance was a conservative Republican who was a product of the city's reforming Charter Government Movement, but the movement endorsed another candidate -- whom she beat. Hance's name graces a downtown park that spans Interstate 10., Aug. 13: Starting your winter garden, Janet Miller, master gardener, The Americans have never lost in Gold Cup group play, going 21-0-1. The tie was on July 12, 2005, with Costa Rica in Foxborough, Mass. That's where the U.S. will play its final match, Worse, this year Astros fans were basically cheated out of the Hunter Pence-Michael Bourn era so many had dreamed of when the two young outfielders were moved to contending teams at midseason., Anyway, that's who threw a first pitch at Wrigley last week, Johnson, a former Columbia College and School of the Art Institute student who once sent a manifesto to critics that read: "Young artist seeks audience ... Must enjoy race mongering, disparate disconnected thoughts and sunsets ... Ability to hold conversation using only rap lyrics, and a sense of humor, a must." Before the game, Todd Ricketts, one of the Cubs owners, stood alongside the Cubs dugout and with a scrunched-up face said that Heller had shown him Johnson's work. Ricketts flipped through the catalog, he's not a political-art fan, but, sure, the guy is interesting., In 2010, nearly 80,000 Michiganders or 2.1% of the state's total employment worked at businesses that produced goods or provided services that benefited the environment or conserved natural resources, according to new data recently released by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics., However, in no other neighborhood have food, community and the San Francisco DIY spirit taken greater root than Hayes Valley. The area, which was once blighted by the earthquake-damaged Central Freeway, is now home to a handful of innovative, albeit temporary, urban projects., Removing rigging and yardarms from the three masts is a delicate and dangerous procedure because each component supports something else., The 5-10 Balbach, who has started since she was a freshman, is hitting .474 with four doubles, one homer and 11 runs batted in for Mt. Vernon (6-5). She has a 4-2 record with 26 strikeouts in 321/3 innings and a 3.25 earned run average., "Everybody won their first-round match on Thursday. They didn't look good, but they were able to pull it out," Granite City coach Allen Kirgan said. "They all lost in the quarterfinals, which made for a long afternoon on Friday.", "Don't wait until all the good stuff is gone," LaPedis advised. Sometimes even as early as 9 a.m., the good stuff is all gone, he added., "It would be cool (to have been teammates) because our team would be that much better," Tiffany Lang said. "But I'm kind of scared to race against her. She hasn't beaten me, but she's fast!", When you buy a stock or invest in a mutual fund, do you have confidence that the performance of that security is tied to the performance of companies, industries and the economy?, The report says College Illinois also ignored or changed its criteria for deciding how to invest money that participants put into the program. Meanwhile, costs nearly tripled in just five years., o"I have the faith that he will come up out of this and he will be back to what he is," Guillen said. "I don't think he's that far away. This guy has been the best closer in the game for the last three years, numbers wise.", "We didn't steal it," said "The King's Speech" screenwriter David Seidler, who won the original screenplay Oscar. "It just happened.", But she says she's had to crank it up, given that her tenure as leader of Ohio's biggest art museum will be limited to one year., School officials would not comment; instead, questions were referred to consultant Mel Malkoff of Malkoff and Associates., "I can’t really comment on his motive for picking those specific motels — whether he thought it would be people he thought might not report it," said Elizabeth Police Lt. Daniel Saulnier, whose department was involved in the investigation. "Anything is possible, but I have no evidence that is why he picked those hotels.", Predation on large bulls is relatively rare, almost always by male cougars, which more commonly kill smaller bulls. Only a few bulls were killed by female cougars and those during early spring, when they're without antlers., Tests showed that Breazeal's kidney was a near perfect match for Nelson., S Shefkije Zariqi, John F. Kennedy, The Cause.it crew got some investment funding to build the app from Bloomington-based SproutBox. The app debuted at South By Southwest in Austin, Texas. Earlier this month, it hit the App Store., During the sentencing hearing Wednesday, ATF Special Agent Matt Kirkpatrick testified about those incidents and the various ways that Powell used or tried to use to get messages out of jail., "The Help" also claimed the guild's ensemble award, the show's equivalent of a best-picture prize., Staff writers Chris Megerian and Tom Meagher contributed to this report., Daniel Loeb, who runs the Third Point hedge fund that holds 5.8 percent of Yahoo stock, sent a letter to Yahoo on Thursday that said CEO Scott Thompson's official Yahoo bio stated he earned degrees in computer science and accounting from Stonehill College in Easton, Mass., which is untrue. Yahoo admitted that Thompson received solely a degree in accounting in a statement but termed the inclusion of a computer science degree "an inadvertent error.", The brothers said they weren't intimidated by 10,000-foot Colorado, having previously skied in the state more than a dozen times on family trips., "I'm walking to reflect on that to find that positive nugget, that silver lining,'' McCoy said., Homeland security spokesman Ross Feinstein told the Herald today Contreras will not be seized by the feds until her Massachusetts case is settled and her sentence, if she is found guilty, is completed., This was not the plot to a "Hangover" sequel or the script for a college prankster movie. It was the first all-nighter pulled by underdog U.S. Senate candidate Lee Fisher, 59, since he was in law school more than three decades ago. No alcohol was involved, but recreation was, mixed with the most serious of purposes., A lot of stores are pushing compression sleeves, knee braces and other equipment, but are these a good idea and for what kinds of pains?, There is at least some intrigue at place-kicker, with the Rams holding a private workout Tuesday with Georgia's Blair Walsh. Earlier this month the Rams held a private workout for Missouri Western kicker Greg Zuerlein - he of the 21 consecutive field goals made last season, including nine from 50 yards or more. The Rams' current kicker, Josh Brown, has one year left on his contract., The men are suspected gang members, according to Kice. One is a suspected member of a Buena Park gang, the other a suspected affiliate of a Mexico-based gang. The men had prior criminal convictions and were identified and located based on leads and intelligence gathered as part of the operation, Kice said., WASHINGTON -- Under withering criticism in Congress, General Motors and Chrysler executives on Friday called the closings of hundreds of dealerships painful steps needed to right-size the auto giants. Down-on-their luck dealers said the moves would needlessly devastate their local economies and livelihoods., 933 BENTLEY PARK CIR $446,000, Hey, Tony: I am a former Clevelander now living in North Carolina. For the past two years, I have been driving down to a nearby bar to watch the Browns play every week. It seem like every week, win or loss, I feel so disappointed about our performance and effort. The worst part about living in N.C. is seeing and hearing how excited fans are about the Panthers. They are excited about Cam Newton. He brings excitement and hope that none of the Browns do for their fans. When does Cleveland draft the player that has that wow factor and brings back hope and excitement? -- Douglas Curran, Fayetteville, N.C, Due to threats of inclement weather this weekend, Saturday's game was moved up to noon. It has been sold out, and a capacity crowd is expected still. Sunday's game was originally a day game, with a 12:30 p.m. first pitch., Nine years ago, the Wine Institute formed the California Sustainable Winegrowing Alliance to develop a measurable set of voluntary industry standards for sustainability. It has evolved into this third-party certification program similar to the U.S. Green Building Council's LEED program for buildings., That's what some County Council members, who inherited the project when they took office in January, are asking., oHas she influenced you?, was beaten and stabbed in the head and his house set on fire, and the 1982 deaths of Donna and Gary Decker, who were shot after being kidnapped from a store parking lot., Q: Are there going to be some changes?, Twenty-year-old Daniel was found dead in his mother's hospital room in the Bahamas three days after she gave birth to his sister, Dannie Lynn Hope., She resumes the witness stand Monday before Superior Court Judge Bradley Ferencz., Bonamici will take office as soon as she can be sworn in. The clerk of the House will consult with her on a date as soon as possible., Even amid this new shift, the government has said it would cut around 7.4% off the defense operating budget over the next three years amid wider belt-tightening., The Joe Louis date is one of 18 shows announced today, as Van Halen extends its tour in support of the new album <U+0093>A Different Kind of Truth.<U+0094>, 100 percent of campaign donations send children of low-income families to camp. The donations are distributed to the following agencies:, So the question is, do the 40 percent who are not reluctant to contact the authorities for help actually see justice done?, Held is hoping to be on the court by the end of February. Until then, the Lancers appear to be getting along just fine, thank you., Rusty Sneiderman's brother told the The Atlanta Journal-Constitution the family has been troubled by his former sister-in-law’s actions following the shooting., About a week after O'Donnell accepted the agreement, the Ohio Attorney General's Office gave notice that it and the Education Department wanted to intervene in the case because public funds were at stake., “He is a collaborative leader for us who helped define problems and start the process toward coming to a solution.”, Wetzel may be the best defensive outfielder in Northeast Ohio. He also owns the school record for stolen bases and triples. This past season he hit .553 with 41 RBIs, 57 hits and 24 stolen bases., "Thank God, the police had mercy and left me and my baby alone," said Nielsen, who later paid the debt. "But to send someone to arrest me two weeks after a massive surgery that takes most women eight weeks to recover from was just unbelievable.", His route was planned by his friend Scott Partridge, an accountant from Rancho Santa Margarita. The two have been planning the walk for the better part of a year. Partridge plans to help lead Shaw on a route out of Orange County parallel to Ortega Highway that will take them off-road and over craggy terrain. The original plan was to take Ortega, but Partridge said walking and parking vehicles on the highway could cause problems., Fannie and Freddie were congressionally chartered private companies with implicit government backing until they were put into government receivership by the administration of then-President George W. Bush in September 2008., I contacted Hotwire and asked it if it was sure about the rating. A representative called you and told you they'd reviewed the Hacienda's rating, and decided it no longer warranted four stars. Hotwire offered you $25 in gift certificates per night or a full refund. You decided to stay at the Hacienda and take the certificate., "Anybody who came through that door had to kneel and kiss his ring," Camacho said. "I'm serious. I saw it.", Like others, a "perfect storm" of rebates and solar energy credits helped them decide to install the system., About 300 menehune statues were scattered throughout the resort and spotting them quickly became Hannah's favorite pursuit. They could be found under footbridges, inside the shave ice stand and atop bookcases. Hannah's favorite menehune was sleeping in the upper reaches of one of the elevators leading to our room. On more than one occasion we waited in the lobby for the menehune elevator to arrive., Hospitality takes practice, and it has consequences. In my own tradition, the Eucharist is a place where we both learn and practice hospitality. God welcomes us to a feast that he provides with his own flesh and blood, and through it He offers us an ongoing opportunity to be wholly transformed. When Eucharistic hospitality becomes a habit, we start asking questions of ourselves and of the world in which we live. We remember that the church is not ours, but God's, and act accordingly. We begin to ask if our public policies, both foreign and domestic, reflect our value of hospitality. We seek active ways to make our hearts and homes places of gracious welcome, even at the risk of being made uncomfortable, or being asked to change., "Bubba didn't want to make a big public deal of going out to Ashford," Grube said. "But he came back saying what an incredible time he had. He was so moved.", Those left from the uprising that swelled through Tahrir Square last year and brought down Hosni Mubarak live in tents, harassed and cursed, but mostly forgotten. TV cameras no longer perch on balconies; the great banners have been spooled away. The slogans of rebellion have been pressed onto T-shirts, and tourists, their expressions saying they somehow expected more, take pictures, trying to summon the images that captivated the world those many months ago., Dozier began work as a screenwriter during the golden age of television. His first big success came with the 1955 script for "Deal a Blow," the semi-autobiographical story of a conflicted relationship between an overbearing father and his son that aired live on CBS. He adapted that script into director John Frankenheimer's 1957 film "The Young Stranger.", If there are no setbacks, there's good chance Ilgauskas could be back by the end of the month. For the first time Friday he was out of his walking boot as his missed his seventh consecutive game and 10th overall since injuring the ankle on Dec. 10., Weaver entered the game allowing opposing teams to hit only .174, best in the AL. His season ERA jumped from 1.60 to 2.83., Robertson struck out Carlos Pena with the bases loaded to end a rocky ninth inning in his first save chance since Rivera's season-ending knee injury, helping the Yankees end a seven-game skid against the Rays., Molalla Communities That Care, Lake isn’t in Williams' Ward 2, but she attended the meeting because, “I just want to see some good leaders and she had potential of being a good leader.”, And so they replied with the song, "Roll With Me, Henry.", Yet Christie made no time to visit Palestinian territories on the West Bank or Gaza strip. "I doubt this is going to be my last time here," he said, "so I’m certainly interested in hearing a number of points of view.", Woody Harrelson has a small, sour role as Jango, an ex-rocker turned organic-yogurt magnate. James Liao has more fun than you'd expect in the eventually preposterous role of Al, the too-hip son of the Chinese restaurant's owners. Fred Ward is Mike's father, a withdrawn Vietnam vet, and Margo Martindale -- she played the poignantly gauche American tourist in "Paris, je t'aime" -- is Mike's mother, who says of Sue at one point, "She's logical, in an emotionally annihilating way." The line is too elaborate for the character, but then the plot is too sprawling for the structure. That's often the way with debut films: so many notions, so little time., I also still think about the Manila clams ($17) grilled on the plancha and arranged on top of a soupy, buttery mound of heirloom beans with green beans and escarole. I'm generally not wild about clams because so many are chewy and strong, but these are pristine and perfectly complement the other elements., come visit us, Warrants have been issued charging a St. Louis man with stealing from two doctors' offices in Town & Country., “You could take the average fan and say: ‘You’ve got a minute, walk through the front door of the Yankee clubhouse and, on the same day, walk through the Diamondback clubhouse," Towers said. "You can’t say anything, just evaluate what’s going on, walk through the room, down the steps, into the dugout and out, and you tell me which one’s a winner and which one’s not.’ Even if they had their name tags covered, it’d be easy. Those guys are the winners, and those guys are the losers.”, The Pasta Shop. Brined Diestel turkey available by the parts with other individually priced items, including honey-cured ham, Brussels sprouts, pureed yams, mushroom gravy, giblet gravy, levain bread stuffing, Riesling poached pears and pumpkin pie. Order by 2 p.m. Monday; pick up by 5 p.m. Nov. 26. Call, order online at rockridgemarkethall.com or stop by one of the locations: Berkeley (1786 Fourth St., 510-250-6004) or Oakland (5655 College Ave., 510-250-6001)., My daughter Kendall and I chose the spinach pakoras, an appetizer, fresh spinach fritters, spiced, and fried in oh so delicately a manner, at $3.95 – I would recommend them. You will have to try them. We ordered an onion kulcha, a leavened bread stuffed with onions -- a little too hot for our tastes, but that could have been the fault of the onions -- it was good. Or, you can have a plain parantha, an unleavened layered whole wheat bread. We had that, and it was tempting – served with a foursome of preserves, each one better than the last. I had the raita, a yoghurt and cucumber sauce, spread on the onion kulcha and plain parantha, topped with the preserves, and it is addicting!, I don't even talk to my neighbors because my neighbors don't talk to me. I have never been so, I guess, dishonored. My mother who is like 78, out in the yard picking stuff and people don't talk to her. I would never walk by a person who was older than me and not pay them the respect. It's almost like we are an inconvenience, like "You were here. Yes, we know you were here. But now we're here.", AGNEWS STATE HOSPITAL FOR THE INSANE, SANTA CLARA: The asylum fell onto the 1,080 mentally ill patients locked inside, killing 119 (including 11 orderlies) and sending hundreds screaming outside to be rounded up by staff members. It was the single biggest loss of life outside of San Francisco. Hundreds of patients were tied to trees or handcuffed until order was restored., These lightweight, collapsible headphones have two forehead-slapping ideas that make them exceptionally well-suited for travel: a fabric-covered cord with a remote mike, and volume control that makes them compatible with most smart phones and iPads; and a jack in the right earpiece for sharing music with another set of headphones. The fabric cord is nearly impossible to tangle, the headphones collapse, and the jack for sharing music negates having to carry around (and lose) a headphone splitter from Radio Shack. Despite the cartoonish solid colors, the sound quality is serious and the padded earpieces shut out most noise., So Stark called, and Laughrea answered., Five members of the class had already been announced: Nike co-founder Phil Knight, ABA star Mel Daniels, seven-time NBA All-Star Chet Walker, Olympian Don Barksdale and Lydija Alexeeva, who led the Soviet Union to two Olympic gold medals., "It meets such an essential need," she said. "It's right on target.", Call (216) 991-2421., Lewis underwent an MRI exam this morning., "Managing volatile exchange rates, coupled with our highest ever fuel bill has required immense tenacity. Retaining growth and remaining profitable in these challenging economic times shows our profound understanding of the markets that we do business in," Sheik Ahmed said in a statement., ATLANTIC CITY — New Jersey Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver said lawmakers will find a way to prevent the state’s public broadcaster from going off the air Jan. 1., The S&P 500 index rose 24, or 2.2 percent, to 1,144. The Nasdsaq composite index rose 59, or 2.5 percent, to 2,416., The first-person piece was titled "Eat, Play, Love" and appeared in the magazine's July 2011 issue. In it, the Grammy winner talks about how taking a break from music changed her life., The secrecy is mandated from the top of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and it's just not for dramatic effect. What the agency says about hurricanes can influence futures markets and the insurance industry., Last week, Christie laid out a slew of changes — some he has been talking about for months — including limiting pensions and benefits for current workers, capping worker raises at 2.5 percent, and the property tax cap., The Lightning was his first save., oThe Bulldogs' most recent basketball budget of $3.5 million was 35 percent more than that of the Horizon's second-highest, Milwaukee. Butler would rank fourth in the Atlantic 10, led by Richmond's $4 million., Frank Koski, 86, and John Koski, 50, pleaded no contest in November to gross misdemeanors of possessing an elk without a tag. Each was fined more than $3,000. Last July, Andrew Koski, 48, pleaded guilty to hindering a game warden and was fined $632. Each also could face revoked hunting privileges in Nevada and more than 30 other states, under a multi-state compact, What about employees at religiously affiliated homeless shelters, thrift stores and food pantries? Are they ministering to the poor? If so, may they be discriminated against? What about office and security workers or the maintenance staff at religious schools? Are they not obliged to model through their conduct the values and mission of the church, synagogue, mosque or meeting house?, testimony that Clemens once said he used performance-enhancing, The purchase was made before Twitter agreed in May to be a tenant, said CEO Douglas Shorenstein. His firm will spend a total of $300 million on Market Square, as the 1.1 million-square-foot property is now called. An expanded lobby with 17-foot ceilings, six high-speed elevators, a retail area spanning the width of the building, a courtyard and a basketball court are among the improvements, Shorenstein said during a tour of the site., A teacher who worked as a pastry chef, line cook and sous chef before becoming a teacher at Western School of Technology and Environmental Science in Catonsville, was named Maryland ProStart Teacher of the Year by the Restaurant Association of Maryland., Dawkins said he wasn't sure whether he'd sign a one-day deal with his old team to ceremoniously retire from the team that drafted him in the second round out of Clemson in 1996, but one thing's for sure: he's staying in Denver, where he hopes to help coach high school football in the fall., Mandi testified late in the afternoon. She was wiping her eyes even before Hoag began to question her. He asked her about running into her old boss and learning of the opening at the facility in St. Charles., “The bottom line is, with all else equal, if we maintain the same spending plan that we have now, and we did not have that money left from last year, the tax levy would be $247,000 higher than it is now,” Kaplan said. “So that revenue comes in and it offsets taxes.”, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and other top Democrats had called for Weiner's resignation., Use of pay phones, which are recorded and monitored by prison guards, went up 64% in the days after the test., The Falcons (3-1, Staten Island A) would add four more runs in the second giving Fazio an eight-run cushion. They added two more runs in the bottom of sixth, building a 10-1 bulge., Yahoo, which announced its choice Wednesday, has been without a permanent CEO since early September. It fired Carol Bartz after losing patience with her attempts to turn around the company during her 2 1 years on the job. Tim Morse, Yahoo's chief financial officer, has been interim CEO since Bartz's ouster., "Bill, I cannot thank you enough. I will value our friendship always. Please call upon me anytime.", Brian Urbano, a law clerk who served under O'Hern during his last year on the bench, said he admired his former boss's sense of fairness. O'Hern once asked Urbano to describe an opinion that had been drafted by another clerk., Now, though, it's not clear how long the harbor scrubber can remain where it is. Construction soon will begin at Harbor Point on the new offices for Exelon, the energy company that acquired Constellation Energy., The judge's hidden conflict of interest might explain his "series of irregular and unprecedented rulings," Cooper said. Those included his order to videotape the trial for posting on the Internet - blocked by the U.S. Supreme Court - and his refusal to define marriage as a male-female union, a definition that other courts have upheld, the attorney said., Cast your vote and give your opinion in the comments section below., Her fellow sisters could not be more eclectic. They include Jennifer Hudson as Sister Rosemary. Says Lynch: "She's sassy, smart-mouthed and beautiful. She has some really sweet moments," including performing "This Little Light of Mine.", The Ohio Derby is a prime example of Thistledown's financial slump. Once a $300,000 stakes race recognized around the country, this year's $100,000 Ohio Derby on July 7 will struggle to attract any of the country's premier 3-year-olds., He said he might enjoy a job that let him give away money, rather than try to raise it as he did at the RCGA., "There's no question that the patina of time has served Camden Yards well," she said. "But Mr. Angelos was careful to say that, as the stadium turned 20, we needed to keep it fresh. That's something that he is constantly thinking of.", "(You knew) somebody in North County was going to be a contender," he said., Centeno's food is rustic in the best sense. You can't call it American eclectic or global or any other convenient label, really. He seems to cook more from his palate than his head. That's how he comes up with such vibrant, lush flavors. The plating is very simple. It certainly doesn't seem as if he's spent nights poring over every page of the hyper-stylized Noma cookbook. He's a chef who likes to cook and likes to eat. You don't need to know much more about him than that., Dr. Dre and his production team first approached Digital Domain a year ago to discuss the possibility of creating a virtual Tupac. They began work in earnest on the Coachella performance around four months ago., 7 p.m. San Francisco at Arizona, ESPN2, 4:20 p.m.: Neuman requested to see Brickhouse again in October and said he was suicidal and that he had razors. Brickhouse also said Neuman confessed to killing Rusty Sneiderman. He said Neuman was moved to a psychiatric unit for observation, and his cell was searched for razors. Neuman was later moved to a psychiatric unit of the jail for three months of observation., "People just wrote what they felt," said Cathy Thomas, Kelly's mother. "I just wrote, 'Happy birthday. I miss you.'", Bud: Given the outlook for the Indians next season, do you think Shin-Soo Choo will exercise his player option and report for South Korean military duty? -- Chas, A year later, though, an appeals court found the employees had been improperly charged because the regulations applied to the facility's owners, not its workers., For many voters, the money trail provides essential information that helps them determine whom they will support on Election Day., Militia members are charged with conspiring to commit rebellion against the government and other crimes. There was no actual attack. Jurors have the day off while defense attorneys argue for acquittal. Prosecutors rested their case last week., At that time, prosecutors believed he acted guilty. His own defense team said his actions after Taylor's murder and his tough-guy demeanor in court hurt him with jurors., Muir used to shiver through the long, frosty Sierra nights in hollow logs, but I'm looking forward to a bit more comfort: a reasonably comfortable bed in a heated tent cabin, a hot shower, flush toilets and a four-course dinner that the Ahwahnee Hotel would be proud to serve., The Nelson's African art department has been without a curatorial head since the departure of Elisabeth Cameron in May 2001. Over the next few years, African art matters were handled by assistant curator Joyce M. Youmans. Her major project, achieved in consultation with then-director Marc Wilson, was the permanent collection display in the Bloch Building's African galleries, which opened in 2007., Kurt, Yes! I did notice that -- and it was the alternate jersey to boot. I loved that movie, and I couldn't help but sit there and think, "Holy Cow, did Sarah Palin really wear an Avalanche jersey during the, For Dungeness crab or Oktoberfest bratwurst, locals gather at Reedville Cafe, formerly a rough and tumble biker bar called The Shack. Owner Rick Van Beveren said some look down their nose at strip malls, but he appreciates the diversity and independent businesses made possible by real estate cheaper than places such as Orenco Station in Hillsboro., "It is great to see this tradition reinstated," said Laurie Hieb, vice president of Wilsonville Youth Sports. "Even the fire trucks will be back., The Rebels got to within a goal at 9-8 early in the third quarter, but that was as close as they would get. Prep scored its final goal with 23 seconds remaining, but the team couldn't get the ball back to try and cut the lead to one and hopefully get a chance for a tie., The county is at an impasse with 11 of its 13 unions, including the nine public safety unions. Unions that represent blue-collar and office workers reached tentative agreements with the county, Leopold said., So he sees the fact that Tebow wants the number as a blessing and gave it up more than willingly., Something worth watching for those who plan to buy into Facebook's IPO: Early investors plan to take a fair amount of money off the table first., News from the Philadelphia Federal Reserve of a pickup in mid-Atlantic manufacturing also lifted the market, having offset a weaker-than-expected report on first-time claims for unemployment., Guerra is now executive director for the Annapolis-based nonprofit organization that helps those with physical, mental and emotional handicaps — along with others who can't afford financially to sail — gain entrance to a sport Guerra thought he had lost when he suffered a massive stroke in 2000 at age 52., "I think that if you only read Kurt's Twitter feed, you wouldn't know Kurt," said FX president John Landgraf in an interview last week, describing Sutter's blog as the "self-reflective journal of a man trying to put things into context and working towards maturity.", But those of us entrusted to serve the public have the chance to stand up and fight for what really needs to be done at this critical time., "By purchasing this app, you're accepting a challenge. A challenge that will take you on a journey," the creators of the app write on iTunes. "You will receive missions. As you move through the missions, you will require more and more skills.", "This rate of job growth is not enough to get us back to full employment," he added. "We will have to see months of gains of 300,000 to 400,000 jobs for the unemployment rate to drop significantly.", ANAHEIM, Calif. (USA TODAY) — OK, maybe now, says Albert Pujols, taking a deep breath himself Sunday, everyone can finally exhale., "That just means those trucks are even more important than we thought," Citi's Michaeli said., Among the studies being presented is one by sociologist Monica Johnson of Washington State University in Pullman, Wash., whose analysis of data from more than 11,000 young adults found that these 18- to 34-year-olds feel emotionally closer to parents who help them financially., Also among the more than 80 booths along Grant Avenue from Clay Street to Broadway, and up and down the blocks in between, were vendors selling traditional Chinese New Year sweets and decorations, and every manner of Asian trinket that would line Grant on any other day of the week., We all should try to stop talking on the phone in the car. It will help everyone if we all did it., "The first time, he shot someone who picked on him," she said. "Was it murder or self-defense?", Diagnostic tests available include pH monitoring either with a catheter down the nose or with an innovative wireless device placed in the esophagus. In select cases, special X-ray studies using a dye to illustrate the anatomy or plumbing of the upper tract may be beneficial. We also may perform an upper endoscopy exam to visualize the tissue and, if needed, take biopsies to further define the cause and extent of disease. Biopsies are especially useful in patients with an allergic predisposition such as asthma, allergies, eczema or a family history of gastro-esophageal reflux disease., He added, however, that bank officials are "being somewhat generous" because they're negotiating with each tenant., -- Sue Evans, Carol Stream, But who knows? The 2012 season could end up being a year fans look back on in awe, just as 2004 is to those of us who watched Bonds maraud <U+0096> with whatever enhancement <U+0096> through those oversize seasons., Wehner alleges that Baltimore Racing Development organizers borrowed $1.1 million in the past 60 days from a company tied to one of the race's managers. M&T Bank, which has been named a race sponsor, also loaned the group $1.6 million in the past 60 days, according to the suit., Board of Chosen Freeholders Caucus Meeting, Oct. 9, Freeholders’ Assembly Charter, third floor, Hudson County Administration Building Annex, 567 Pavonia Ave., Jersey City, 4 p.m., Harvard 7, Oregon 6, "On the same day in Las Vegas when sixteen-year-old Levi Presley jumped from the observation deck of the 1,149-foot-high tower of the Stratosphere Hotel and Casino, lap dancing was temporarily banned by the city in thirty-four licensed strip clubs in Vegas, archaeologists unearthed parts of the world's oldest bottle of Tabasco-brand sauce from underneath a bar called Buckets of Blood, and a woman from Mississippi beat a chicken named Ginger in a thirty-five minute game of tic-tac-toe.", "The thought behind the garden was to have a supply of fresh herbs and vegetables to be used in-house, both in the kitchen and at the bar," Seiter says. "Later on (this summer), the kitchen will be using tomatoes, peppers, Swiss chard and, in the fall, we'll have sweet potatoes.", New camera will also have temporal noise reduction., 1 cup diced onions, The 1982 Nuclear Waste Policy Act charged the U.S. Department of Energy to build and operate an underground disposal facility called a geologic repository. Since the late 1970s - and exclusively for the past two decades - the search for a long-term storage for a nuclear waste repository has focused on Yucca Mountain. Then that effort crumbled amid legal challenges, concerns over how to transport nuclear waste to the facility and political pressures., They wanted to rest his right shoulder, which the Yankees believed to be afflicted by minor tendinitis. And they hoped to give him a chance to mentally regroup after a difficult first spring training with the Yankees. Conveniently, the minor injury afforded the Yankees the benefit of time, which they hoped Pineda would use to catch up on the conditioning he did not do in the winter., Free Press business writer Brent Snavely contributed to this report., McCormick has already expressed his disapproval for any merger., Martins said defense lawyers have been given unfettered access to their clients, with 80 flights made available to Guantanamo Bay over the last year alone. He also noted that under the Obama administration’s changes to the system, nothing from coerced confessions can be used against the defendants., Frequently letting out derisive snorts at his foolishness and looking at his pocket watch as if marking how much time he has left, he hears himself declare: “Perhaps my best years are gone, when there was a chance of happiness. But I wouldn’t want them back. Not with the fire in me now.”, It also depends on the severity of the PTSD, which can last anywhere from months to years., A year ago, the boys had all earned their First Aid Merit Badge, which included CPR, but only Warren had chosen to brush up on the skills to teach other Scouts. And Warren was the only boy to swim to the other end of the pool where David was found., As they spoke, Williams quietly walked up behind the hosts to a roar from the crowd. Asked if he wanted to say something, Williams said, "No," to the delight of the audience., I guess it wasn't my day for anything with tires., The boards of both companies unanimously approved the acquisition, which is expected to close during the second quarter., The hardest-hit areas, however, are Woodbridge, Carteret, Montgomery Township, South Brunswick and Scotch Plains., "I felt something in my leg during the game," Marcelin said. "It was hurting.", One coach said, “Holy cow,” and the other probably had a cow. Because Belichick, the most brilliant football mind of this millennium has met his nemesis. Coughlin is Buster Douglas. He is Jimmy Qualls. In New England today, he is Bucky Dent — squared., Lucas Oldendorff: Longview anchor, Prosecutors wrapped up their nearly two-week presentation earlier Tuesday after showing pictures of Hudson's nephew. He was found in an SUV, shot in the head, covered by a shower curtain and surrounded by shell casings, officers testified., "With the team that we have, if we get everyone healthy and our game coming together, I don't see why we can't accomplish that," Nichol said. "But we've worked hard all year and you really want home ice all the way through. Those are the little things that you work really hard to accomplish, and we're right there. It's ours to have, and we've just got to keep playing solid hockey., The pursuit continued south into Aurora on state Route 43, where the suspect twice avoided tire deflation devices placed on the roadway by Aurora police. The chase then continued south into Streetsboro., For brevity, you cannot beat an idea from my friend, Louis Jackstadt, a former Collinsville mayor, who recently tried to sell me on the Ill-Mo Bridge., The children's' favorite is the fact box on the Mounted Patrol: "Did you know? If the horse poops on the sidewalk, the officer scoops it.", While Eastlake Middle School choir member Emily Holman has faithfully watched each season of "Idol" since she was in pre-school, Cox acknowledged that this is the first year she has watched the show., The White House has also asked a one-year extension of the lower rate., Anticipating the bitter battle to come, governors from five Western states will meet in Salt Lake City on Friday to devise strategies to convince Washington to give them more control over federal land within their own boundaries., 2 cups chopped Southwest Pork Loin, Ratliff grew up around standardbreds. His father, Ayers Ratliff Sr., races a couple of horses at Northfield Park., SDSU head coach Rocky Long: "The freshmen will be given an opportunity, but most of the time a true freshman (OL) doesn't have the physical maturity level to play at this level right off the bat.", "I literally, LITERALLY just got saved from a car by Ryan Gosling," Penny tweeted on Tuesday night, long enough after April Fool's Day for it to not immediately be pegged as a prank. "Literally," she continued. "That actually just happened.", New Year's Eve Ball at Suede: 8 p.m.-2 a.m. Dec. 31. The thrill of the Big Apple is descending upon Suede for New Year's Eve with a New Year's Ball hosted by Matty Salazar. Enjoy the array of drinks along with music provided by DJ Circle. Get a three-club night pass good for entrance to Myst, Axis/Radius and Suede for $40. Suede, 7333 E. Indian Plaza, Scottsdale. $40 for three-club pass; $15 for single ticket. 480-970-6969. www.suedeaz.com., "It was really bad," Mendoza, 57, said., Out in Happy Valley, the city took a moment to thank its corporate sponsors this week for financially supporting the city's events and happenings around town., Founded: 1950., This morning, Investigator Alan Rose added another citation and placard confiscation within minutes of arriving outside the Sears store at the mall., In 2009, the Ducks had to rally to win 44-41 in double overtime. Arizona appeared to have it wrapped up in regulation, and the students were on the field, crowding the sideline, ready to celebrate., Romney, who evidently did not want to give the gifted debater t Gingrich's campaign another jump-start, indicated that he would be campaigning in Illinois on March 19;. Illinois's primary is on the following day., "It would be a disaster if we lose (the hub)," said George Blaha of Rocky River, who works in the insurance industry and flies about four or five times a month for business., Historic tax credits aren't the biggest slice of the incentive pie. That title goes to TIF, which lets developers capture new tax revenue generated by projects they build, then use it to pay back the cost of development. In the past 10 years, local governments in the St. Louis region have authorized $1.7 billion worth of TIF districts. If the TIF for Paul McKee's massive NorthSide project - which would remake 2 square miles of north St. Louis but is for now mired in legal trouble - can get back on track, that number would hit $2.1 billion., In the bottom of the fourth, Henderson drove home California's second run with a single to left that plated Elia Reid. Cal tacked on an additional two runs in the fifth to take a 4-0 lead, forcing ASU (45-7, 17-4 Pac-12) to bring in Mackenzie Popescue for Hillary Bach in the circle., But there has been no visible progress in bringing Song to justice, even though the U.S. and South Korea are close allies and have had an extradition treaty since 1999., Give Johnson, 45, a former world-class triple jumper from North Carolina, the credit. He never bought into the conventional wisdom that sprinters in Oregon couldn't overcome the rain, wind, chilly spring temperatures and Eugene's affinity for distance runners and throwers., The driver of the Lexus and his passenger were hospitalized with what the report termed "moderate" injuries., GOP-leaning voters generally get this: Warning against the "European social democrat" model is one of Mitt Romney's better talking points. The problem for Mr. Romney is that he represents something of another European specialty: the dispassionate technocrat, data-driven, post-ideological, lacking in soul. GOP-leaning voters get that, too., But the job shouldn't be ignored. Two experienced officeholders -- Democrat John Chiang and Republican Tony Strickland -- offer different outlooks on using the controller's bully pulpit. On balance, Chiang's experience and balanced views make him the better choice., Presidential administrations came and went. Cassette tapes gave way to iPods. But in the eyes of clients, "Arnie" remained the same: Charming, immaculately groomed and as puffed up about his mastery of the Botox needle as he was about the jet-set life he enjoyed with star patients-turned-pals like Elizabeth Taylor and Michael Jackson., The power of the No. 1 ranking has impressed tourists and locals, Henderson says., — On Feb. 15, a 53-year-old man from Pitman was charged during a vehicle stop with possession of heroin. He was committed to the Gloucester County Jail in Woodbury in lieu of an unspecified amount of bail., But Anthony Mackie of “The Hurt Locker” is very good as the one almost-human controller. And the script manages to avoid the usual thriller clichés (there are no car chases or shootouts) while indulging in some nicely surreal surprises (like closet doors that serve as portals into another location)., DiMarcellis must have done something right., Molina is exactly a month ahead of schedule. His third homer last year was on May 15, in his 118th at-bat. This one was on his 32nd at-bat of the season., Hunter, who allowed five runs (four earned) on six hits over six innings with two strikeouts and two walks, was chased from the game after issuing a leadoff walk in the seventh, but right-handed reliever Darren O'Day got the Orioles out of the inning., Harris said California was giving consumers more information about how their personal information "can be used and manipulated," and giving them tools to protect themselves and exert more control over what they share and with whom., Zafir Abdul Rahman, 24, of East Orange, the driver of the car, was also killed., A: If they could have, the likely would have by now, considering some of Norris Cole's rough patches. But just because the Heat need depth at a position doesn't make a player qualified to play that position. The most important thing is the Heat stood by a young, developmental player., "(Abby's) one of 10 (siblings) and I'm one of two," Sharp said. "I think somewhere between two and 10 we'll compromise.", Q: What makes someone hot, and others not?, It is a willful attempt at normalcy in an all-too-abnormal life these days, but she insists that her daughters will not suffer the skyrocket highs and deep-valley lows of her husband's presidential race., Cleveland signed the 38-year-old outfielder April 17, a minimal-risk move made to upgrade the club's outfield and potentially ignite a sputtering offense., Bounds explained how residents and business owners in Ellicott City managed to pull off the scheduled bicentennial celebration of the town's 1772 founding by throwing themselves into a massive cleanup effort alongside firefighters and other workers for two arduous weeks. Parades were held daily along Main Street, as planned., Lonny Baxter’s life changed dramatically in the summer of 2006. Four years removed from helping Maryland win the national championship, Baxter’s short-lived NBA career was already in jeopardy after he was released by the Houston Rockets– his fourth team in as many years – when the 2006 season ended., The innovation of wearable robotic devices has implications far beyond helping patients with lower leg amputations resulting from disease, obesity and military injuries: It can help others design joint replacements that more effectively mimic natural movement, said Dr. Wael Barsoum, the Clinic's vice chair for orthopedic surgery., "Hi. This is Jack Ramsay.", Many scientists, in turn, argued that moving forward with the H5N1 research was essential for developing prevention and treatments if a pandemic were to arise naturally., Wright, 37, pleaded guilty April 7, 2011, of conspiracy and transporting stolen property. Under federal sentencing guidelines, she faced 41 to 51 months in prison. Her lawyer, Chris Goeke, asked for the low end, saying she had cooperated and spoken to investigators whenever they wanted., Corporate leaders have peered into the future. They've already seen enough to place their bets on what it will bring., In those plans, however, was not losing Fabick. Given the task of sticking with Emde, he was called three times for fouls that led to an exclusion, similar to getting sent to the penalty box in hockey., A wreck of a home, a few burly Canadian guys with sledgehammers, and in less than 30 minutes, minus a few commercials, there stands a new three-bedroom dream house, perfect landscaping and all. Everything goes so smoothly., Kelemen's idea combines several calculators into one tool that figures out a woman's breast cancer risk. Doctors currently have to use separate computer programs, he explained, to make an assessment., "I immediately sensed the disparity between their dreams and reality," said Upadhye, who was trained in architecture in his native India. "I believe in doing a lot of churning and grinding in terms of the thought process. A lot of excessive things fall off.", Police said a man in a white BMW had followed LeCornu into the plaza parking lot and taken unknown items from her car before leaving., The trends, market analysts say, are pointing toward lower gasoline prices into the summer and the lead-up to the general election in the U.S., <U+0093>It takes a whole lot to penetrate that,<U+0094> he said. <U+0093>It<U+0092>s kind of like a war. You penetrate the enemy<U+0092>s defenses.<U+0094>, He didn't know the half of it., Recently, Baltimore County stepped up efforts to eliminate signs on lawns and poles in residential neighborhoods ("Crackdown on nuisance road signs," April 26), but what we have around Park Heights Avenue and Stevenson Road is a problem with numerous tractor-trailers parked from Friday night to Monday morning onBrooks RobinsonDrive (formerly Radio Tower Drive)., Our challenges are different today, but our resolve must be the same., Bali Hai Resort gets annually transformed into Hawaii. Sample food, hear music, reminisce about your last trip to Maui. Details here, Dr. Christopher Vulin, board-certified urologist, is on staff at Missouri Baptist Medical Center. For referral to a physician on-staff at Missouri Baptist Medical Center, call 314-996-LIFE., We live close to Shaker Square and visit the farmers market there most Saturdays. We can walk there on a nice day and then have breakfast at Yours Truly. We like to walk around the Shaker Lakes and hike in the Shaker Nature Center. We also like to visit all of the attractions that most kids love -- the zoo, Cleveland Museum of Art (Max loves the armor, Zoe loves all of the art), Cleveland Botanical Garden, Natural History Museum and the Cleveland Orchestra's children's concerts. We can't wait to take Ella and Ethan to the art museum and to the Great Lakes Science Center., It was unclear how the new revelations from Marianne Gingrich would play in a state where religious and socially conservative voters hold sway., The Clinic is in the midst of several long-term fights to retain tax-exempt status on properties across the region, according to David Seed, an attorney representing school districts in lawsuits involving the Clinic. Beachwood, South Euclid-Lyndhurst, Willoughby-Eastlake, Independence and Cleveland schools are all participating in lawsuits., "Things didn't go the way I wanted," Jimmy Howard said after the Wings were ousted by the Predators on Friday night in Nashville. "I could have played a lot better in Games 1, 3 and 4 and given the guys a better chance.", Can Conley emerge as a player who helps everyone around him, not just himself, become better as he demonstrates what it takes to win? Is the kid in the man’s body really ready to be the man?, 3 egg yolks, beaten, Because Austria was slow to recognize that it was more a Nazi ally than a victim, some of the doctors suspected of complicity in the killings worked as renowned researchers into the 1970s, based in part on their activities during the Hitler era., That Budget program, by the way, requires three rentals a year to maintain membership, which means it offers two sizable advantages for the rental agency. You feel obligated to rent from Budget ... and when you do, everything is done on line so they don't have to pay some minimum-wage yahoo to ask for your driver's license and credit card at the counter., "We stayed at George's house in Detroit, did preproduction in his living room and recorded at United Sound, with Aretha Franklin working down the hall," said Martinez, 58, who grew up in Columbus., Behring's e-mail message to Cole, on which Walsh was copied, was sent at 9:18 a.m. Walsh's letter to LaWall was e-mailed at 3:10 p.m., "Anytime they call, I'm available," Lil' Mo says of the folks behind Joyner's long-running syndicated radio show and the spinoffs connected with it. This past spring, the singer was booked for a spot on Joyner's "Fantastic Voyage" cruise to destinations that included Cozumel, Mexico., JEFFERSON CITY -- The Senate today discussed a bill from Sen. Bill Stouffer, R-Napton, that would decrease the amount of time that cars can sit on the side of rural freeways and highways before the cars get towed., In between telling her story, Hartley joked about her career, poked fun at her failures, let a little profanity rip and warned, from the start, that she might cry., "We are appalled that this brutal act of violence was committed by a group of Newark high school students," said Booker., The conventional measure, showing 11,400 payroll jobs added from December to December, was higher before federal officials adjusted it recently to reflect more recent data., Santorum also said he will fight to bring manufacturing jobs back from overseas for two reasons -- to create a bigger job market and because they pay an average of $20,000 a year higher than the average job., Phil Humber of the White Sox tossed a perfect game against the Seattle Mariners on April 21., "We expect most people to recover from this injury in eight to nine months and instead of comparing Adrian to any other player at any level that's had an anterior cruciate ligament (torn), and they happen every day, I would really like Adrian to stand on his own merit because Adrian, I feel, is very unique," Vikings head trainer Eric Sugarman said., Strong retail sales are just one sign of an economy on the mend. Stock market indexes are coming off their best first quarter since 1998. The number of people applying for jobless benefits dropped last week to the lowest level since April 2008, the Labor Department said Thursday, a promising sign ahead of national unemployment numbers for March to be released Friday., When faced with resulting problems, the president explains he is saving the country from unstable growth of decades past. Yet, economists of all stripes refer to the 20 years prior to the crisis as the "Great Moderation," owing to exceptional stability in economic activity and employment not before experienced in U.S. history., Officers responding to reports of gunshots shortly before 7:45 p.m. arrived to find Sanchez, 29, of Anaheim suffering from at least one gunshot wound on the front walkway of the apartment complex. He was taken to a trauma center, where he was pronounced dead a short time later., St. Louis Streets Director Todd Waelterman said pothole reports have picked up over the past week to 10 days., Enjoy!, Murray, a member of the fire department since 1985, was paid $185,538 a year, according to public records., Fiber Content, is a juried exhibit, will be on display from Sept. 9 through Oct. 13. There will be a reception from 6-8 p.m. at Framations., Will YouTube turn Google into the biggest legal target on the Internet? Can Google use its heft to create a legitimate video-sharing service? The Wall Street Journal Online invited Harvard law professor John Palfrey to discuss the issue with economist Stan Liebowitz. Both have debated copyright issues before: They filed legal briefs (on opposite sides) in the Supreme Court's landmark Grokster decision., Still, some narrative threads about Rothko's motivations can be teased out., The last five or 10 years of your life can be the least -- or the most -- expensive. If it's the latter, it can destroy a well-thought-out retirement budget. That's why financial planners strongly recommend long-term care insurance or annuities that offer a long-term care rider., After being used as a designated hitter and first baseman his freshman year, he was moved to center field and remained there after making two sensational catches as a sophomore in spring games in Florida., A note from earlier: Bernard Osamani, 18, of Brooklyn, was charged with the shooting of former Pirate Jeremy Hazell last Christmas night. According to a report in the New York Post, NYPD officials say that Osamani was the one who shot Hazell in the back, which hit him in the right armpit., Prosecutors hammered away at the lies Anthony told when the child was missing: She told her parents that she couldn't produce Caylee because the girl was with a nanny named Zanny -- a woman who doesn't exist; that she and her daughter were spending time with a rich boyfriend who doesn't exist; and that Zanny had been hospitalized after an out-of-town traffic crash and that they were spending time with her., The lineup behind him just may not be a Xerox of the opening day starters., Aladdin's Eatery, locations across Northeast Ohio: Fresh, fast, tasty, affordable and consistent (oh, and friendly) make this Lakewood-based chain a bright spot. Assuming your party likes diverse flavors, there are plenty of choices. Vibrantly flavorful salads, soothing soups, satisfyingly meaty stuffed pitas and all sorts of finger foods make Aladdin's fare the kind you savor and share., That hasn't been the only tinkering since the standards were last reviewed April 17. A rule requiring the city to get 24 hours notice of a spill has been pulled, saying instead the operator must give whatever notice is required by state and federal law. (A state task force recently recommended that the state adopt a "real time" notification system.), Even as Intel, Hewlett-Packard, Tektronix and other Oregon tech stalwarts are slashing jobs, new companies are springing up by the bushel in Old Town, the Pearl and Portland's inner eastside., As word gets out on El Salvador, Varquero hopes more opportunities will emerge for local surfers., SECOND PERIOD, Ultimately, Johnson's pleas Monday were for naught, and Hartenbach sentenced him to 15 years in prison for the robbery charge, as well as armed criminal action and tampering., But almost 80,000 people are on some form of extended benefits, Spivey said. A large number of those people working their way through the unemployment pipeline will result in April's big spike, he said., The mood is solemn, cautious, though slightly, No plans to remove bullet from girl shot at Washington school, Next up: Next up: Kinderhook Creek, a new bloomy-rind sheep's milk cheese from New York., Holding signs that said <U+0093>We<U+0092>re fed up,<U+0094> two women who said they organized the event handed out T-shirts they paid for., McCulloch said tickets in general should "compel compliance with the law and appropriately punish those who do not.", The current system was set up to reimburse the county for unincorporated areas annexed into municipalities., Also, Zoutendijk said, a young deer became stuck in the lake bed on Sept. 25, near Greenbrier Road. The was able to free itself after a 40-minute struggle in the mud., "Times can blind us to certain truths," he wrote in Lawrence vs. Texas, "and later generations can see that laws once thought necessary and proper in fact serve only to oppress.", Incanto, 1550 Church St. (near Duncan Street); (415) 641-4500. incanto.biz. Dinner Wednesday-Monday., Lennon, who had become a target of protests over the closings, had 60 days from March 14 to appeal., Flowers get a modern makeover for the modern mom when paired with funky, graphic linens. Garnish with a fresh tulip. The Pure Red dinnerware by Mikasa is available at Dillard's or mikasa.com. The napkin is available from the Linen Tree, 6137 N. Scottsdale Road, Scottsdale; 480-483-2044., 5. Colorado (5) - Jeff Larentowicz says Real Salt Lake's second goal should not have been allowed in 2-0 loss. The midfielder claims Fabian Espindola used his left arm to swat the ball down before scoring. "When it's 2-0 they can put numbers behind the ball, and they're confident when they can just sit back and defend," Larentowicz said., Holy smokes — Maria Menounous has a full-on showgirl headdress on. Applause for her. One of the backup singers in the band is wearing a trench coat - we know this show is live — did he get there late with no time to remove the coat? Is it chilly in the band's corner of the ballroom? I need answers., As a key part of the $150 million Uptown development, it's part of an exciting effort designed to bring housing, restaurants and businesses to liven up University Circle's dead zone., According to the Air Force just two pilots have asked not to fly the F-22 or to be reassigned, and officials have said each pilot's request would be handled individually., Start your weekend planning now – should be great weather for a lemon peppermint stick at FlowerMart in Mount Vernon., Although Alamo's parent company, Enterprise, insists that damage claims such as yours are not a moneymaking scheme, stories like yours do make customers wonder. If Alamo was really concerned about the state of its cars, it would vigilantly photograph the vehicles before every rental and conduct a thorough inspection -- not wait until the end to point out every little ding, dent and scratch., 2. "Jack and Jill," $26 million ($2.7 million international)., “I am absolutely sure,” James told me in the family kitchen that overlooks the ocean, “that our son wanted to be sober more than anything else.”, Traffic crash statistics from McLoughlin Boulevard and Oregon 224 reveal that the program has, in some instances, slightly improved traffic safety. But other times, however, photo radar has shown insignificant or zero improvement., "Everyone felt that if she were alive, she would have materialized for that money, because it was like $10,000, but she never showed up," he said., Copeland told the Supreme Court he had hoped for a circuit court hearing to, among other things, argue that King-Willman did not live in the city of St. Louis. "That matter was never resolved," he said., The exchange between Grendell and Ohio Republican Party Chairman Kevin DeWine also revealed that Senate hearings Grendell chaired earlier this year -- involving an aborted sting at the governor's mansion -- may have been an attempt to aid Republican Governor-elect John Kasich's victory over Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland., Appearing before the high court for the recall group, Far Hills attorney Andrew Schlafly, son of conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, cited a letter George Washington wrote to his nephew, Bushrod Washington, on Nov. 10, 1787. In the letter, the founding father said that when the people’s representatives act contrary to their wishes "their Servants can, and undoubtedly will be, recalled.", The report cites a national study suggesting that a majority of teachers in the U.S. believe it is important to teach students to effect social change. But is that sort of politicization pervasive at UC? The report makes much of the political predilections of the faculty. Citing research from early in this decade, it points to dramatic disproportions in the ideology and party identifications of UC faculty in the humanities and social sciences. For example, it cites a 2004 study showing that Democrats in Berkeley's social sciences departments outnumbered Republicans by 21 to 1. Imbalances like that are eye-opening, but they don't prove that professors are pressing their politics on their students or are incapable of exploring other points of view., To most questions, Ritacco softly answered "yes" or yes, your honor.", Thousands crowded the streets of San Francisco's Chinatown this weekend to ensure their luck - or to test it., "While I was at the school, Jerry invited me to watch a rehearsal of 'Fancy Free.' It was the ultimate 'up-close' experience, seeing Jerry rehearse that ballet. I felt, 'Wow, this is the place for me, the kind of work I want to do, the variety of repertoire.' " The role of a sailor on leave who dances a snaky rumba -- the part Robbins himself danced in 1944 -- is one Woetzel has long performed with engaging verve and wit, and the ballet is on Wednesday's program., The legislation proposed by a small group of Pearce supporters on a special joint legislative committee would have added such a law., Wilson's death linked the Chicago streets and violence and innocent sport inextricably and seemingly for all time. Dead athletes seem to be the norm, don't they?, The majority of the profit will come from iPhone sales, especially now that three of the four national U.S. wireless carriers -- AT&T, Sprint and Verizon -- sell the phone., What up D-Dub. We received a number of emails from fans complaining about a similar thing. I'll say this -- when you're looking at the fourth quarter, you want key guys out there. You want producers, you want scorers, you want defenders., As news helicopters hovered yesterday above the grave where Sean Bell lay, it was hard to imagine a different world, even with an Obama., But Pinault's camp says the supermodel is doing just that. A potential $46,000-a-month tab is "just ridiculous," Aaronson said., Wiley, $24.99, Is the new iPad worth an upgrade from a first-generation iPad or iPad 2? Is the Retina display really that much better than what has come before it? Do we really want to take a photo with a tablet?, Occupy Wall Street worked - kind of, for a while - because its message, that American society is stacked against the working man and the rich rig the system to benefit themselves, resonated in reality. Protests against NATO won't work because there's no reality to echo against. We could list our problems for a week and never get to NATO. In fact, I would wager that the general impression of NATO is positive: It's one of the few institutions that actually functions. The Soviet Union collapsed - a good thing, though maybe not to those who clung to the dream - and the powerful should try to prevent innocents from being slaughtered. That it isn't done perfectly is not an argument against trying., Last weekend's death of 4-year-old Aiden Patrick was heart-breaking., Everyone says that the Hoyas are really tough to prepare for on one day's notice. But the Aztecs are no slouch, either. James Franklin and Chase Tapley are quite good and quite capable of going both ways to eliminate Hoya guard Jason Clark from the equation. San Diego State, 69-65., The Women's Resource Center needs volunteers to work at its safe home and Gold Mine Resale Shop. If you are available and would like to give even a few hours per month, contact Jamie Winters at (231) 347-1572., "I broke down," she said. "I'm just so happy for these kids.", Decision: Naia Kete, Video rental company Netflix Inc. projected slower subscriber growth this quarter for its key U.S. video-streaming service, disappointing investors and sending its shares down 17 percent after hours., oWill.i.am travels with a non-branded Intel PowerBook the company gave him for quick compositions on plane flights, and a big 27-inch Apple iMac computer "maxed out" with 16 gigabytes of storage. "My last record was done in my hotel room on an iMac and Pro Tools (software).", "There was actually a downturn in rounds at Glendoveer," Park said. "Access to that particular data gave staff pause over the original projections.", But Brennan said she is hoping to transfer after two years, so uncertainty about accreditation is a concern. "I’d like to know we didn’t waste our time and money," he said. "We would not send her to Kean with anything up in the air.", The result was the Utah Compact, which won broad support. It says that immigration is a federal job and that local law enforcement should deal with criminal activity, not civil violations of the federal code. It says that reform should respect families, the economy and the principles of a free society., - Muslim herdsmen razed Christian villages early Tuesday along a central Nigerian plain where ethnic and religious violence remains rampant, killing at least six people and leaving others homeless, authorities said., All this was a massive accounting fraud, something big public accounting firms were supposed to catch in audits of banks but didn't — a failure Sarbanes-Oxley regulations, passed in 2002, were supposed to avert., A mother bear and three cubs are back in their usual habitat after surprising a Florida neighborhood by hanging out in a big pine tree. Residents found the black bears on Monday morning. They had climbed a pine tree in a subdivision in Navarre in the Florida Panhandle. They slipped away later in the day., Then Mandel and the Cuyahoga County Republican Party established a joint federal fundraising committee, the Ohio Senate Fund, on April 8., Records -- Oak Grove 5-2., Nineteen of 30 vendors visited by the investigators - 63% - did anyway., In Illinois, it could mean nearly 5,000 positions., House Republican leaders dropped their last-minute Vikings stadium plan Thursday, May 3, and agreed to give the governor, the team and the city of Minneapolis what they have been asking for for weeks: a vote., The medical examiner's office said Friday it was awaiting a decision by the family on whether to turn over Seau's brain to unidentified outside researchers for study., At the time of the arrest, Morris County Prosecutor Robert Bianchi praised New Jersey Division of Parole Senior Parole Officer Ricardo James for identifying the parole violation and alerting the prosecutor's office., "I was very upset that I was fired because I had been told by many editors that I was doing a good job There was no question on the form that covered my dancing. I answered the questions on the form honestly," Tressler said in a statement., "Surviving Progress" offers no glib answers to such conflicting interests, but to fault the movie for that is like blaming a brilliantly constructed fire alarm for not being a hose., Gocong missed out on a chance to get reps in Dick Jauron's newly-installed 4-3 defense, but played in a similar scheme in Philadelphia., Online: maproomcleveland.com., How much “Story/Time” recycles Jones’ earlier works is unclear. The catch-me-I’m-falling group exercise appeared in “Blind Date;” and the story of Noah and the Flood was central to “Another Evening: I Bow Down.” Some overlapping partnering moves recall “Monkey Run Road,” and the whole evening seems to develop the concepts of Jones’ solo “As I Was Saying.” Yet “Story/Time” is not exactly a Cunningham “Event.”, The Cubberlys’ daughter, Kristen Nadler, designed the invitations, menus and flower arrangements, which fortunately are artificial and reusable., Bedbugs are small, flat bugs that feed on blood and make bites similar to those caused by mosquitoes., PARIS/LONDON, May 3 (Reuters) - Vivendi is, Pujols' teammates also take heart in his long track record., "She is an incredible person," Deer Valley coach Carl Bakemeier said. "her work ethic and personality are above board. She goes out of her way to do everything so she can be the best.", Commissioner Tony Bennett said the county is looking at several options for a new plan after the last two were rejected., Russo also recalled calling Judge Russo's bailiff, John Berichon, at an unspecified time on Dimora's behalf. He also said he listened once as Dimora called the judge for an unspecified favor., Brimming with the requisite optimism, Geiger also knows the reality. Every region these days seems to be trying to replicate the Silicon Valley. All of them fall short., "These guys are not going away," he said. "They stand to personally make hundreds of millions of dollars a year if this goes through.", A challenging CUP process, big parking issues and maybe upset local citizenry would surely await. But the money to be made, as shown by the Royal Hawaiian's claimed "after hours" monthly lost profit of $25,000 alone is not inconsiderable., The surgeries are among several life-altering programs offered by the foundation, which serves the entire state, particularly the uninsured and those living below 150 percent of the federal poverty level., Overall, the 11 casinos reported seeing their operating profits drop 11.7 percent when compared to the same three-month period last year, down to $280.7 million from $317.9 million., "They're wasting incredible resources on millions of people who pose no risk," said Rep. John Mica, R-Fla., the incoming chairman of the House Transportation Committee., SAN FRANCISCO -- On Facebook, most people make friends the old-fashioned way -- by sending a request to be added to someone's posse of pals. Now, an Australian marketing company hopes to save you time and energy by simply buying you a few thousand buddies., 8. What is the given name of the actor known in 1980s-era Isuzu commercials as Joe Isuzu?, "Deniers claim the Holocaust never happened," Fitzpatrick says. "Isn't a man who claims he is a survivor – but isn't – just as evil?", You will definitely know when Durian is in the room. I know there are a lot of cultures that embrace this fruit that has a very distinct, pungent odor (or fragrance to those that like the stuff), but I personally don't like the stuff nor want to be anywhere near it. Funny how Bizarre Foods guy, Andrew Zimmern will eat all kinds of crazy critters, but nearly gagged when he ate some Durian on one of his shows I watched, lol! - Joanne Arellano, human resources professional, avid Yelper, avid diner, The GSA took the Custom House to auction after other efforts to find a new owner failed. The first option under federal law was to see whether any agency that works with the homeless was interested. None was., LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Authorities say a man who may have been killed and whose body was found early Sunday in a barn at Churchill Downs hours after the Kentucky Derby worked at the racetrack., MyRegistry.com also uses this feature, and additionally lets users request cash donations, which are deposited into a PayPal Account., Restaurants: Many chains offer senior meal deals, sometimes to people as young as 50. Again, you need to ask., At the time, Clancy was a top-level administrator at Mercy Hospital in Iowa City, a full-time position he kept, with Delaney's knowledge, for more than a year after she hired him to the U's faculty, university records show., After one of their favorite trees was chopped down earlier this week and two others came close to getting the ax, the famous birds were so disturbed that they stayed away from one of their most frequented spots on the hill, frightening some fans into thinking they might be gone for good., With the global markets settling down, Jan was growing more confident that she could make her money last., Soon, photos of Ciftci and the two friends began finding their way to prominent positions on the website of the Navy Veterans Association. The captions did not identify them by name. Instead, here was "an Association member'' presenting a van to a U.S. Army sergeant wounded in Afghanistan, there were "Association representatives" meeting with the prime minister of Haiti. Navy Veterans "members" were shown meeting with a congressman, with foreign dignitaries and with a candidate for Florida attorney general., Cuyahoga Valley Chamber of Commerce Luncheon with David Gilbert of Positively Cleveland: 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the Holiday Inn, 6001 Rockside Road, Independence. $20 for members, $25 for nonmembers. To register, e-mail cvcc@cuyahogavalleychamber.org or call, 216-573-2707., Then the 20-year-old talked about straying from God, hanging out with the wrong people, doing the wrong things., We wrapped up the evening with bread pudding ($5), a sticky and sweet combination of brioche, butterscotch and crispy walnut brittle. The pudding arrived in a Mason jar, which looked great, and fit with 1542's pubby vibe, but it was a pain to eat. We wanted to scrape up every crumb, but our spoon barely reached the bottom of the jar, leaving us with sticky hands., The earliest St. Louis could regain control of the police department would be July 1, 2012 - and that's if legislation is passed in a special session., Staff writers Meredith Galante, Aliza Appelbaum and Simone Sebastian contributed to this report., View full sizeAP Photo/Matt YorkViolin virtuoso Itzhak Perlman. The Oregon Symphony's concert Saturday featured two big attractions, and which was more appealing depended on whether a listener preferred a comfortable walk down a well-trodden path or a wild adventure., Kasich said the next step will be trying to get a handle on the total number of opiates prescribed statewide and coming up with guidelines that pain doctors agree to follow across the state., New filings -- as opposed to those who remain on the unemployment compensation rolls -- are closely tracked by economists for clues about the future direction of the economy. Analysts want to see a sustained decline in new applications as a sign of improved conditions., A couple of documents were lying around the stand, too. One was a letter dated April 5, 2012. It came from Certigo Ltd., which provides insurance-tracking services. It asked the Shoe Shine Guy to contact his insurance agent to provide a certificate of insurance that was called for in his lease. He needed to show that the property manager and owner were listed as “additional insured.”, The most significant revelation, Nickell said, was that in the 47 years before the explosion, PG&E normally operated the pipeline at a wide range of pressures - from 125 to 350 pounds per square inch., Executive producer Veena Sud and her team wrapped up that rookie season by not wrapping up anything. It looked like Sarah's quirky and likable partner, Stephen Holder (Joel Kinnaman), had faked the crucial evidence leading to the arrest of their prime suspect, mayoral candidate Darren Richmond (Billy Campbell). And it looked like Larsen family friend Belko Royce (Brendan Sexton III) was about to gun down Richmond., Financier T. Boone Pickens thinks natural gas makes sense. In his "Pickens Plan" television commercials he states, "natural gas is cleaner, cheaper, abundant and it's ours.", In between shifts, they spent down time in a chamber that mimics the atmospheric pressure of the underwater abyss., Yet there’s a kind of alchemy with Almodóvar. “Live Flesh,” “All About My Mother,” “Volver” and “Broken Embraces” — each movie combines two artists and creates something greater. And that power comes from their on-screen, if unspoken, conversation., Nicholson downplayed his espionage in the 1990s by telling a federal court official preparing his pre-sentence report that his criminal conduct stood in "great contrast" to his prior service. Nicholson said he would "greatly appreciate the opportunity to offer some positive example to my children" before he dies., "I love this festival. It brings such (artistic) diversity and creates such a sense of community to come out and have a cup of coffee and enjoy the art and the music," she said., 180 E. First St.; (775) 324-3473 or menwieldingfire.com. Lunch and dinner daily. Main courses, $8.99-$25.99., More strictly defining the relationship between physicians and their cannabis-seeking patients has emerged as the one patch of common ground in the battle over medical marijuana that will be waged in the 2010 legislative session., “I’m always reminded it was a person because it’s so hard to figure things out. In the book, it’s so easy. The reality of this as a human body, it’s so tough,” Garcia said., The worst unrest in London in decades saw buildings, vehicles and garbage dumps set alight, stores burglarized and police officers pelted with bottles and fireworks, as groups of young people rampaged through neighborhoods across the capital., In 2000, his company, Fillmore Street Brewery, began working with St. Louis rapper Nelly on the development of a non-carbonated energy drink called Pimp Juice. The drink reached nearly $7 million in annual sales at its height six years ago, but also sparked a backlash because of its name that was derived from one of the rapper's songs. The drink isn't available domestically but is still sold outside of the U.S., In Damascus and other cities, mourners held funerals Saturday for several of those killed Friday. Amateur videos posted online by activists showed crowds marching in the funeral procession of a teenager who was killed in the Damascus neighborhood of Midan. Some of the mourners shouted "Allahu Akbar," or God is great, and "there is no God but God, and Assad is his enemy.", For Clementi, those words also offer insight into his mindset before he killed himself only weeks into his freshman year. For Ravi, his words will be used against him, as well as the posts he tried to erase., "As part of a general ordinance update, however, they were removed from the city codes in 2009," he said. "But we got a couple inquiries from residents over the last several months about keeping them, so the council looked at the issue again and decided it would be appropriate to allow hens.", 21. Thunder Road, Scarlett Johansson filmed scenes at an old warehouse on Ashland Road near Longfellow Avenue, off Cedar Road near the Norfolk Southern railroad tracks. The warehouse was the site of top-secret filming and doubled as a Russian facility., Conversely, the city's contribution could fall to $592 million if the taxes stay flat., Veterans idea No. 2. Make a donation to a group that helps vets, like the Wounded Warrior Project nationally or the Camaraderie Foundation locally., The best way to experience the wall is to focus on a 6-mile stretch right in the middle, featuring three must-see sights: Housesteads Roman Fort shows you where the Romans lived, Vindolanda Museum shows you how they lived, and the Roman Army Museum explains the empire-wide military organization that brought them here., “Red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in his sight. Jesus loves the little children of the world.’’, "Our focus is a few degrees off of Fausto Carmona," said Manfred. "Our diligence is on the issue of incoming players. When we sign Rob Manfred, age 16, we want to make sure that we're getting Rob Manfred, age 16.", Revival Bar & Kitchen, 2102 Shattuck Ave., Berkeley. 510-549-9950, www.revivalbarandkitchen.com. Dark colors and stylish decor make a chic setting for artisanal farm-to-table, cuisine, with an emphasis on local, organic ingredients, unusual flavor combinations and house-made sausages and pates. Plus, the location -- right in the heart of Berkeley's arts district -- can't be beat. $$-$$$., Bermuda Principal Alice Aldridge described Ganahl as a "very dedicated and hard-working teacher who strongly believes in the power of working together to reach goals.", 12:01 p.m.: Sen. Robert Byrd, D-West Virginia, age 91, reportedly also had medical problems as dessert was being served and was treated by doctors. Aides later reported that Byrd was not hospitalized and is fine., 5439, Bryan D Tooley, Portland, 3:25:49., Arjun Shah, 12, is a member of BayLUG -- the Bay Area's Lego Users Group. After attending a Lego convention last month that BayLUG participated in, Purvi Shah was inspired to have a Lego-themed Kids and Art event and appealed to the group for help., "My compensation decision, like everybody’s compensation decision, is made by those to whom I report," McCormick said., Miller will also relinquish his role as chief investment officer of Legg Mason Capital Management to Peters. Miller will remain its chairman., Because the contest fits in with the school curriculum, the Doodle 4 Google has become a class assignment the past two years., "We can't expect to solve our problems if we don't take an active role in the solutions," he said. "Up until now, everyone has had their own agenda, own identity and own group.", Favorite book: Any Nicholas Sparks book, The Bridgeview courthouse began closing on weekends in January, and the remaining four courthouses - Maywood, Markham, Skokie and Rolling Meadows - were to follow., 19 International Business Machines $100, Clean your pet's bed:, Per serving based on 10 servings: 387 cal.; 10 g pro.; 47 g carb.; 18 g fat (8 sat., 9 mon- ounsat., 1 polyunsat.); 27 mg chol.; 601 mg sod.; 7 g fiber; 13 g sugar; 41 percent calories from fat., Just Ukes, 75-5669 Alii Drive. (808) 769-5101. Sales and lessons., May 2006: Facebook introduces work networks, allowing people with a corporate email address to join., "Climate change is nonpartisan, nondenominational, non-nationalistic..." — and non-sense., 16425 Farmers Mill Ln, $462,500, DeMoss of Liberty is confident that the Romney campaign can overcome the hurdles. If nothing else, he said, there's no evangelical alternative running. He also thinks that having supporters with strong ties to the evangelical community will be an asset., Asian shares also slumped. Japan's Nikkei 225 index fell 0.6 percent to 8,953.31 and South Korea's Kospi lost 1.4 percent at 1,917.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 1.3 percent to 19,966.17., At the time, I thought this may never happen again in my lifetime. To be at the clinching game for the playoffs. People who were strangers before the game became friends. In Cleveland, many people know where they were the night the Indians clinched. They were either at the game or watching it on TV. For a football town to be at an event where baseball was the prime story is a magical moment., Tablets that work with a wireless carrier's high-speed data network may be a key to success in the tablet space, said Ross Rubin, an analyst for NPD Group, a market research firm. While a version of the iPad can use AT&T Inc.'s 3G network, Apple has not yet announced a plan for it to use any of the new 4G networks., Organizers said contestants have to be at least 18 years old. The oldest they can recall was 82. Organizers are putting on 36 Mudders around the world this year. The South Amherst meet is the first ever in Ohio., "The foundation is laid. The deal is done. The jackhammers are ready and it's official: Everyman Theatre is building its new home," the theater's founder and artistic director, Vincent Lancisi, told more than 100 people at the gathering., "It's been like watching a dream," Consoli says. "Also, like watching a child grow up. We started with this infancy stage where there were fits and starts, difficulties getting traction. And now, we have a large-scale plant coming out of the ground and more on the way.", Tonight at the Hi-Pointe, the curtain rises on QFest, the annual festival of gay, lebian, bisexual and transgender-themed movies. It runs through Sunday., BRAHMS Gesang der Parzen (Song of the Fates), "For an agency that's supposed to protect our most vulnerable, what more than a death does it take for DHS to take action?" Komninos asked the Governor., <U+0093>We started with the Bartok sonata, which is one of the best examples of how Bartok reconciles the very different facets of his identity,<U+0094> Wosner said. <U+0093>We decided to couple it with Janáeek <U+0097> who is also part of the European tradition <U+0097> and with Brahms, who is so often seen as a pillar of <U+0091>Germanic tradition' but in whose music there is the ever important presence of Hungarian influences that he was exposed to as a young man.<U+0094>, The plan was criticized by a long list of environmental groups, including the New Jersey chapter of the Sierra Club, Clean Ocean Action, Audubon, Environment New Jersey and the Natural Resources Defense Council., By the end of our journey into the pages of history, I think we all learned that, as is the case with so many other tales from our nation's past, the reality of the events always surpasses anything even a great poet like Longfellow could construct using a bit of fiction., To make a bad night worse, starting center Marcus Camby left the game after his head bounced off the floor like a ping pong ball, thanks to the force of David Lee's body falling on top of him. The replay on the scoreboard sent a groan throughout the Rose Garden., Young, who initially claimed to be the father of Hunter's baby, has written a tell-all book about how Edwards hid his mistress and child amid the 2008 White House campaign. The longtime aide wrote that he found a video in a "box of trash" Hunter had left behind at a home he rented in Chapel Hill., 6 Dogwood: 1644 Telegraph Ave. (near 17th Street), Oakland; (510) 444-6669. bardogwood.com. Small bar serving spirit-forward cocktails, sandwiches and charcuterie., "This takes me back to when I was young," she said., The map was passed by the Republican-controlled state Apportionment Board on Sept. 28. The map, which redrew 99 House districts and 33 Senate districts, favors Republican candidates in a majority of the districts., 97 Mana Tuivailala 6-3 273 sophomore (Seaside, Calif.), The stubborn defense of the Jayhawks (32-6), led by 7-footer Jeff Withey, who had seven blocks, five in the second half, made nothing easy for the Buckeyes after halftime. On the other end, Robinson scored 11 of his 18 points in the second half., Government, up 33,000., Hand-painted song lyrics encircle the top of each hotel room. McMenamins' trademark original artwork carries out the theme., "Ideas don’t know boundaries," he said. "I don’t see how ELEC gets its arms around that.", Brandom's bill, introduced on Jan. 18, set off a frenzy of activity from opponents. The Louisville, Ky., company that sells Zig-Zag brand wraps hired a Jefferson City lobbyist on Jan. 24, and another on Jan. 31., ATHENS—Greek political leaders appeared to have clinched a deal on a new prime minister Tuesday, following two days of frantic discussions over who would lead the country and implement a new €130 billion ($179 billion) aid package., Outside the courthouse, Buggs and Urbaez took issue with being asked to leave, because they had been waiting on benches in the hallway of a public building., The NJA of Family Support Organizations-Hudson County is offering free support, education and advocacy to parents and caregivers of children with behavioral, emotional and/or mental health challenges in the community. NJA of Family Support Organizations-Hudson County has a wealth of knowledge, programs and resources for families, including support groups. Groups for bilingual and Spanish speaking families are every Thursday from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. All parents are welcome to come every Friday from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Both are at 895 Bergen Ave., Suite 300 in Jersey City. In addition, there is a father/male caregiver group on Wednesdays from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. at the Urban League of Hudson County at 253 Martin Luther King Dr., Jersey City. For information, please call Paula Hollenback (201) 915-5140., What has changed, but not as much as I'd have imagined, is the food. For the last few months, Jason Travi, who has worked at Spago, La Terza, Fraîche and is now corporate executive chef for Best's restaurant group, has been tweaking the menu at Firefly. Though most of the dishes are new, they're all in the same rustic Mediterranean mode established by former chef Gary Menes. If anything, they're more generic than Menes' graceful originals were. (Menes left to open Palate Food & Wine in Glendale and now is looking to open his own place.), John Mullarkey (Hillsborough) School media specialist, Starting: $61,800, 16.1 percent: Share of retailers' annual sales that comes from back-to-school shopping, Marky Mark plays Chris Farraday, a reformed, New Orleans-based smuggler who has left his life of crime behind to start a home-security business. He lives a comfortable suburban life with his two sons and wife Kate, played conveniently enough by Kate Beckinsale, who doesn't get to do much in this movie aside from get threatened and make out with Wahlberg., Earlier this year, he opened his own foothill winery, Wise Villa Winery. He began to plot its development nearly two decades ago when he started to scout for potential vineyard sites., Once McKone was finished, the Burroughs defense and junior goalie Josh Gollub went to work., The arena is one of the most important local stories for us to cover this year. If the arena moves forward, it will do so because of a decision to commit significant public resources to make it happen, with the hope it becomes a catalyst for railyard development. If it doesn't, it will stir considerable disappointment in parts of the community and affect the region in less tangible ways., Koss contended in the suit that Social Security had accepted his payoff of the debt on May 13, 2010, the same day that, prosecutors alleged Wednesday, he mailed the “Registered Private Money Order” to the government., LeDoux said Occupy Portland's organizers believe that "between $10,000 and $20,000" has disappeared from the protest's control. LeDoux said a, "Companies need to fine-tune employee recognition and engagement," said Mark Schmit, SHRM research vice president. "Effective ... programs can spread positive energy across the organization and may lead to increased profit margins, customer retention, productivity, and more.", When he made his $1.9 billion offer, Icahn said he hoped to spur other takeover bids at higher premiums. Last week, Casablanca chairman Donald Drapkin said he believes Mentor rival Cadence Designs Systems would be a good fit., Neither Crotty nor Porroni was at the meetings., Not all the economic news pushed investors to sell. The Commerce Department said consumer spending surged by the largest amount in nearly eight years in August, as personal income growth lags. Consumer spending rose 1.3 percent and incomes edged up 0.2 percent., The California Medical Board allowed an Anaheim ob-gyn who regained his license after the death of two newborns to be monitored by a doctor who had himself been disciplined for a patient's death., After speaking with the woman, officers looked in the first apartment and noticed there was a laptop computer and guitars that were not taken and in the back of the apartment, a sliding door was left unlocked, police said., At about 1 a.m. Friday a Skamania County deputy found her car at the trailhead at the Bonneville Dam. The next night, the sheriff's office received a report from the Portland Police Bureau that the woman had been reported as missing., The law professor added that it was rare to have a nearly 10-year-old law subject to wildly varying yet reasonable legal interpretations., The coverage, which included real-time updates on Twitter, earned the newspaper a Pulitzer Prize for breaking news., The governor’s office could not be immediately reached for comment., Baltimore school officials said the numbers show that city schools are becoming more vigilant., Neal discovered early that most of the mail he receives isn't worth a second look, so he stuffs it into bags and boxes in his bedroom. He will take the time to read letters written by coaches. But his stepfather, Keith Little, has taken control of the mailbag., 3 cups frozen edamame, thawed, Neely - who was placed on administrative leave - wrote his wife about the February 2012 trip: "Rough schedule per our conversation. Guess this'll be your birthday present?", Brushing your teeth with a yogurt container? Wiping your mouth with a coffee cup?, "They're very effective," Lang said., Reports surfaced Friday that Samsung is about to launch its own cloud service to rival Apple's iCloud next month. According to the Verge, Korean site Maeil Business claims that Samsung will introduce the S-Cloud service at its May 3 press event. Samsung is said to be offering more than 5 gigabytes, but whether that's to be paid or free is unclear., Baise, an Oxford resident, smiled, while still keeping an eye on a folklift delivering flooring for hospitality tents., Messrs. Galliano and Arnault have also had their ups and downs. In 2006, Mr. Arnault pressed the designer to create a collection that was less flashy and more commercially oriented. The designer came up with a dull ensemble of muted dresses and coats. It was a critical flop., 5 ST MALO CT $94,419, “You know that you’re going to need facilities for 115 or 120 million, It's the perfect analogy for the Richmond, a San Francisco restaurant that could be on any street corner in most neighborhoods: Here, there's more than initially meets the eye., "Bud: Did Chris Broussard of ESPN see his shadow after the Cavs game Thursday, and now we have to listen to him for 45 days about LeBron leaving?" -- Allan, Gerry Lunn, curator of Halifax's Maritime Museum of the Atlantic, said this city was in mourning for months after the disaster, with much of its downtown draped in black bunting. "This was not just a one-night story," he said. "It may have been for the ship and the victims, but for Halifax this story went on for months and months and hasn't ended to this day.", Kevin Costner, who produced and co-starred in Houston’s first movie, "The Bodyguard," in 1992, spoke movingly about the singer for 15 minutes. To a hushed audience, Costner relayed how he insisted Houston play the lead and his romantic interest in the movie, and at her screen test had to encourage her to relax, knowing she was filled with doubt., Don't get a complete blood work-up or urine analysis if you're healthy. Save 'em for when something internal's gone amuck., Bolivia's government also has not been able to negotiate compensation for the power plants taken from GDF Suez of France and Rurelec PLC of Britain., WAYNE — A few hours before he died, Nicholas Sabina told his mother that Sunday was "one of the best days of his life.", On Monday, Mitt Romney, the front-runner for Republican nomination, also said Congress should keep the current rate intact. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell yesterday said fellow Republicans were examining what sort of freeze they could support, as the Congressional Budget Office has said a one-year fix would cost the federal government $6 billion in revenue., 5. Stir in the artichokes and the yogurt mixture. Spoon into the prepared dish. Sprinkle the cracker crumb mixture over the top; bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until hot. Serve warm., McCaskill hopes that, come November, voters will avoid blaming her., Noting that the Highlands provides water to so many New Jersey residents, Feyl said, "It’s a responsibility that I find very sobering and I take it very seriously.", They released their eighth album, "Hot Sauce Committee Part Two," last year., Moore, 49, and Garton, 42, are engaged and living in Moore's house in Hudson. But they wanted a house they picked out together. Finding the snake doesn't daunt them., Admission, info: $18.50 for lunch and program. Hosted by the Network for Travel Club. RSVP to (323) 578-3601., After applying for about 100 jobs, the environmental science major even offered "one week of free labor'' last summer to get a foot in the door at the landscaping company. But that job ended with the season, as will the one she's in now. Her dream of becoming a park ranger or environmental educator is drifting away., But both players are coming off season-ending injuries, and the Lions could be in the market for another running back. Quarterback Matthew Stafford on Monday discussed the importance of the run game to achieve offensive balance, and Mayhew also talked about the running back's importance., o"There's no other place where jazz and blues and Cajun music all blends together like here," Dianne Mayer said. "It's so much more than jazz.", In spite of all this, a not-so-great night with "The Addams Family" is still better than most nights with pretty much any other family and makes for a show that may not be to-die-for, but is still a snappy-good time., What better way to prove his ability than by playing with a team that currently sits in fourth place in the English Premier League standings? And if the Spurs remain in fourth or finish higher, they would earn a spot in the Champions League tournament., 18. Mike Haridopolos, state Senate president (Last year: 16th). The Brevard County Republican carries a lot of clout as dean of the state Senate. And he'd probably carry even more if he wasn't eclipsed by another Dean … Cannon, the House speaker who ran the legislative show. The future for Haridopolos, 41, depends on how he performs in 2012 — as well as his future plans., The fine, blood money, has yet to be set in a deadly feud between two clans, the Galals and the Rashaydas. It is a complicated case, but the deaths of five Rashayda men left no mystery: Saied Galal and a band of well-armed relatives shot the five after Galal accused them of killing his son., Injuries have slowed Morrison throughout his career. As a sophomore, he had 18 carries for 66 yards. Last year, he ran 11 times for 59., This spring, the board will prepare a strategic plan that will explore alternate funding sources and other plans to either maintain the agency's operations or to phase it out with a successful conclusion. Stakes are high, though, and some board members worried openly about a "cliff," where the agency shuts down abruptly, jeopardizing projects under way and risking the criticism of a "squandered" investment., The struggling chain said last month that it would close some of its so-called big box stores, cut 400 corporate jobs and trim $800 million in costs. Best Buy plans to open 100 smaller, more profitable Best Buy Mobile stores., It was the combination of age, hormones and length of time taking them, rather than just the hormones themselves, that caused the alarming spikes in other diseases., Over time, though, the Clean Water Act and other environmental protections since the 1960s have slowly brought life back to Piles Creek. But the recovery has left a toxic legacy — a strange process caused by heavy industry, according to Weis., <U+0095> Better facilities: 33%, His father remembers the time his young son, after playing a Little League game as catcher, turned to him and said: "Dad, it doesn't help me learn to have you back there yelling at me all the time.", "I'd go nuts if I didn't do this," Joe Aragon, 75, said of the honor guard he helped found., The distillery's first release comprises 10 barrels' worth of Fernet Leopold. Given the Bay Area's love for fernet - Northern California evidently accounts for 40 percent of Fernet-Branca sales in the United States - three of the barrels are already destined for San Francisco., This is a child, David said, who didn't fit in anywhere else. Under the spell of Winter, she feels confident. She belongs., - In San Francisco, about 200 people took over a vacant building owned by the local archdiocese and targeted in previous protests. Two men on adjacent rooftops lobbed pipes and bricks at officers., Tickets are $3 for general admission and may be purchased at the door., JOHN A. DE LA SIERRA, 47, Deltona, died Sunday. Altman-Long Funeral Home & Crematory, DeBary., There may be a couple of reasons why there's such a trend at the moment. One is human nature, no one wants to be the first to jump in. But another, say league executives, is the continuing fascination with the Toronto Raptors' star forward., I remember in 2001, when my father took me to see The Yellow Jackets at The Keswick Theater in Glenside, Pa. It was the first concert I had ever attended that wasn't a high school musical, or a gospel festival. And even after seeing performers like Newark's own Naughty by Nature and dozens of other underground bands, I can honestly say that one night at the Keswick left me enthralled in a way that no pop, rock, electronica, R&B or hip-hop performance has since., "Senator Durbin told them, ‘If you want to use Chicago-style hot dogs, you have to call Byron's,' " Payne said., In the short term, Mango faces a formidable challenge, top-seeded Matt McDonough of Iowa in the opening session this morning. His long-range goal might prove an even taller order, though. Mango plans to compete in the Olympic Trials and become part of a brother act. His brother, Spenser, a CBC grad, fought in the 121-pound Greco-Roman class in 2008 in Beijing and plans to compete at the same weight at the Trials. Ryan hopes to qualify at 132 pounds; he has finished as high as third in national-level Greco-Roman competitions., Do you want the answer?, When crunched metal wasn't taking drivers out, blown engines were spoiling the day. The setups didn't allow cars to be engaged for very long without overheating issues, a situation that became exacerbated following morning showers. It caused a short delay in the start of the race, but most importantly, gave way to hotter temperatures and increased humidity., “They’re gonna call me a liberal loose canon,” Meade said. “But I’m more fiscally conservative than any of the five conservatives on the committee.”, "We worked so hard to get this to pass," said Karen, who agreed to talk only on the condition that her last name was not used because she and her family are not in the country legally. "We just want an education.", "It was tight as a drum," said Cmdr. George Lesher, the yard's industrial manager., The van will be in Portland July 28 at the same time as the Chris King Gourmet Century, and in Hood River Sept. 22 for the Echelon GranFondo. It's at the Rapha Cycle Club San Francisco this weekend, offering viewing of the Paris-Roubaix road race in northern France, which takes place Sunday, on the van's video screens., "It really is a case-by-case basis," Close said., Each summer, as the outdoors beckons tourists, volunteers from the local historical society work to keep the story alive at the Peshtigo Fire Museum, inside a former Congregational church. Ironically, it's a house of worship that was built to replace one incinerated that Sunday evening in October 1871. Glass cases house the few artifacts that survived the searing heat and flames.., "The Butcher, the Chef and the Swordsman," a Mandarin-language action comedy that hit U.S. screens this weekend, is a bit of a different animal — it has sword fights but also a music video, hand-drawn animation, slapstick jokes, split screens, black-and-white photography, opera, a video game and even a point-of-view shot from the eyes of a decapitated warrior. The movie's distributor, China Lion, hopes the over-the-top mix will lure a new audience to cinemas: mainstream Chinese American film buffs., Williams met Garces when she started working as a nanny for his son, Zach, when Williams was married to his first wife, Valerie Velardi. The tabloids had a field day when he married Garces shortly after his divorce was finalized. Williams once told the New York Times that he didn't leave his first wife left him, not the other way around:, My red carpet wipe-out:, Position: Wide receiver/special teams, The result? Managerial win No. 1,000 for Orioles skipper and former Yankees manager Buck Showalter. In the Yankees' loss..., Walmart is seeking variations to city requirements that a building's main entrance, or widest door, face the "transit street," in this case Hayden Meadows Drive. Walmart wants the widest door to face its parking lot, with a secondary entrance on the transit street. The company would also like to reorganizing pedestrian pathways in the parking lot and provide additional space for parking along the area fronting North Hayden Meadows Drive., The U.S. is the party unwilling to negotiate in good faith without preconditions. Iran under the Nuclear Proliferation Treaty has a right to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes, and its willingness to concede that right in negotiations with the U.S. demonstrated a seriousness that the U.S. lacks., In a statement Saturday, Schaufler said a campaign worker and the woman, who he called a colleague, placed a campaign sticker on his chest without permission, according to the statement., Ruiz, who won handily in the 29th District race, has not been accused of any wrongdoing., "We've got tomorrow, big guy!" yelled Andrew McLean, dressed in a full-body yellow and black-striped tiger suit with a can of Budweiser in each paw. He and three buddies made the eight-hour trek from Toronto the night before to make the 7 a.m. tee-off. Tournament officials had moved up starting times and grouped golfers in threes to beat expected thunderstorms. Woods played with Bubba Watson (3 under, tied for 20th) and Ian Poulter (10 over, tied for 70th) in the first group off the front nine., "They say, 'We're not getting anybody. We'll pray,'" she said. "Prayer is great, but you also have to have some action.", A simple brick wall in the state’s — maybe the country’s — most desperate city., How did it come to this? Reporters Jose de Cordoba and David Kesmodel trace the immense pressures that family-run Femsa faces in an increasingly globalized industry., Anyway, let's see what kind of sandwiches I've been serving., The nonprofit National Alliance on Mental Illness, or NAMI, has stepped up programs over the past five years through its state chapters to train leaders for its support groups for patients and caregivers. It screens would-be leaders to make sure they don't harbor grievances such as anger at the mental-health system., U.S.-based venture capitalists invested $408 million into 34 deals in China in the second quarter of 2007, the highest quarterly amount since 2003, according to The Money Tree Report. In the same period, U.S. VCs invested $119 million in 18 deals in India., PolitiFact: A Beaverton state senator says we should ban plastic bags because they can't be recycled. His claim is only half true., It's estimated half the NBA's 30 teams were using similar protocol, but the league desired uniformity. Dr. Jeffrey Kutcher, an Associate Professor of Neurology at the University of Michigan, oversees the NBA's concussion program and consults with team physicians before a player is given final clearance., Kimbel stood on a bike-path overpass and looked down at the South Platte. He could not see the sheen but smelled the odor. He then hiked along Sand Creek from the confluence with the South Platte to where the black goo was thickest — about a mile northwest of the refinery and launched an EPA response., One of McMillan's weaknesses is that players view him as controlling. His Blazers teams have been methodical and careful in their play. He typically has called the offensive sets from the sideline. You know, the whole "Sarge" persona., "Accountability matters to me. I have to know I am doing a good job and know what areas I need to improve in," she told The Times. "But I need to be looked at through every one of those lenses, not just one.", Fister, Detroit's No.2 starter, has been out since April 8. His absence caused a negative ripple effect throughout the team's pitching staff and bullpen as the Tigers have scrambled to replace him., The family also questioned how First Republic could negotiate the loans with Tom Moyer in light of his deteriorating mental condition. "First Republic Bank should also have known that the person signing for the loans had advanced Alzheimer's, or at least that he was suffering from some form of serious cognitive impairment," the dissident Moyers argued in their objection., The function was once again evident on a recent road trip that ran from the Colorado Rockies to the coastline of California, back to the colorful canyonlands of Arizona and the mystic mesas of Cortez. Along the route, we saw every setup imaginable, from rugged 4WD Sportsmobile vans to what might pass for Willie Nelson's tour bus, VW Eurovans and tow-behind trailers in between., In 1991, when she turned 16 and Kinney was 32, she said, they started having sex. In 1996, following a 14-month investigation, Kinney was charged in Deschutes County with 19 counts of sex abuse. A judge acquitted him in 1999. Kinney acknowledged having sex with the girl, but only after she turned 18, the legal age of consent., Land O'Lakes. Recipes, baking tips and holiday cooking suggestions. landolakes.com., Instead, what appeared by my unscientific count to be a couple of hundred fans waited patiently for a brief audience with Mr. Rivera, after having spent $126 on a limited-edition New York Yankees fragrance package. They also got an autographed baseball., Aldridge said he was pleased with how the event turned out., "I am really on a campaign to urge our returning men and women to get into farming," says O'Gorman, who has 40 years of farming experience., Scoring becomes tougher in the playoffs. That's a given., 2- Keep ‘em handy & secure. Nothing more adversely affects the value of a gift card than losing it! Just don’t make the mistake of putting your cards in SUCH a safe place that you end up forgetting you ever had them or they expire before you remember where you hid them., <U+200B>68-76 Wilson Ave., Newark; (973) 344-0004; cafeopcao.com, of Illinois, “The ice was just terrible,” Johnston said. “You could see the puck bouncing all night long. The puck came out to Gabriel, he tried to control it, it bounced a couple times, he tried to settle it down, and I think it turned over on the half boards., Lt. Governor, "The effectiveness of the policy ... will be based on the degree to which Princeton students adhere to the policy," she said. "We will assess this at the end of each academic year.", MO 6: Sam Graves (R) No. $483,474. 12.5 percent., Nationally, the National Golf Foundation reports that rounds played are up 22 percent from January through March over 2011., She described krill shakes - made with ocean water, fish flakes and krill, shrimp-like marine crustaceans - that are fed to sea anemones, and told visitors that sea otters must eat 25 percent of their body weight each day. "That would be like me having 200 hamburgers a day," Martin said., Denver South at Abraham Lincoln, All City Stadium, 4 p.m., It was late winter 1959, and the place was Fort Richardson, Alaska. I had just turned 3 whole years old and was convinced I'd found my calling. Chucky Yarborough: Trashman Extraordinaire! There was something about the soldiers hanging on the back of the trucks rumbling through the post picking up garbage that just oozed cool to me., By splitting the roles, however, Chesapeake gets rid of some obvious conflicts, said Charles Elson, a University of Delaware expert on corporate governance., Spring winds will blow across Colorado today, with the potential to whip up wildfires, authorities warned Wednesday., Panelists were Linda Anusasananan, food writer, San Mateo; John Carroll, cookbook author, San Francisco; Marc Halperin, culinary director, Center for Culinary Studies, San Francisco; Shelley Handler, food consultant, San Francisco; Roland Passot, chef-owner of La Folie in San Francisco and three Left Banks. All products are tasted blind; a perfect score would be 100. Prices listed are the lowest found, but products may be available at other stores., Variations in the amount of heat used in agave syrup production result in light, amber and dark forms of the syrup; in Mexico, preference for different versions varies by region. Agave syrup can also be made from different varieties of the agave plant, which yields variations in mineral content. (All forms of the syrup generally contain very small, but varying, amounts of calcium, iron, potassium and magnesium.), So the idea that Congress mandate that all Americans buy health insurance isn't that far-fetched and has legal precedent, argues Leslie Meltzer Henry, assistant professor of law at the University of Maryland and associate faculty member at Johns Hopkins' Berman Institute of Bioethics., Even residents admit the complaining does smack of typical not-in-my-backyard (NIMBY) protests., ss as degenerative osteophytosis. "Osteophytosis" is a word not much used but means bony outgrowths seen in arthritis. Retrolisthesis is a slight slipping of one vertebra backward over the vertebra below it. One cites disk narrowing. The others don't, probably because it's slight., The company has reported that two of the 14 nozzles with problems evidently have cracks large enough to have allowed radioactive reactor coolant to leak out of nozzle inside the lid and work its way to the top of the lid., Both sides of her family have been in Maryland "since the days of the Colonies," she said, adding that she learned to fish, crab and sail in the waters around the state capital. One of her Annapolis High School classmate was Bill Belichick, the New England Patriots coach., "No, that's not happening in our caucus," the speaker said., “It’s a night when so much money is raised for arts education,” he said, as guests milled around in their best evening attire., Both sides agreed to meet this morning., Such coordinated care forms the core of a health reform bill to reduce costs, improve quality and simplify health care. The Legislature last week created a new Joint Special Committee on Health Care Transformation whose sole mission will be to refine and pass the bill, Nystrom blames the recent $29,433 court judgment against his company by ABC Supply Co. on an employee who he says stole money from him., "I've never been in a Game 7 where you could be eliminated. But I've been in other games where you could be eliminated," Boulton said. "You've got to thrive on the pressure.", Not to miss: Freshly made tortillas, salsa and chips are easy to prepare, but are easily ruined. The staff at Agave Grill puts in the necessary effort and does it beautifully., "I thought we deserved a little better," said defenseman Brad Stuart, off whose skate ricocheted Nashville's first goal. "But that's why they call it a series. There's more than one game and we have the opportunity to make up for it. We're just going to come out and continue with the same effort we had in the last two periods.", The 5 Factors for Orlando's mighty March this season:, With that code word, four teens in the south suburbs -- including the son of a police officer -- carried out a murder plot Sept. 10 they had been planning for two months, prosecutors said today., The winter quarters of the Ringling circus moved 45 minutes south to Venice in 1960 and then up to Tampa in 1992, mostly because of issues related to the railroad lines that still carry the show around the country. But Sarasota remains home to at least a half-dozen smaller circuses., In the $750,000 Beverly D. for 3-year-old fillies and mares, Cheetah, Dubawi Heights and Fantasia are from Britain, Stacelita is from France, Éclair de Lune is from Germany and River Fetez is from South Africa., <U+0093>The chance to go play maybe somewhere else might be good for me, personally,<U+0094> Inge said., 'cause we still love Z., More Details: If you go, Speaking during the same conference call, FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg, stressed that the agency will work with local and corporate partners as much as possible, but said “funding will be a factor.”, 530 Hollywood Place, $136,000, A study by Bankrate.com this week found that just 45 percent of checking accounts are now free with no strings attached, down from 65 percent last year and 76 percent in 2009. Customers can still get free checking in most cases, but only if they meet certain conditions, such as setting up direct deposit., River Hill, which opened in 1996, played for its first state title in 2006, losing to Friendly in the 3A state title game. The Hawks then won back-to-back 2A state championships in 2007 and 2008., Earlier, Givens came home at 2 a.m. and Winona said she was done trying to change him and offered him a beer. He took that as a good sign. Mistake. In the last scene, he came home and there was nothing there but a note on the table., The bee puns start flowing hot and heavy, as Nick and Hank visit a beekeeping professor and all-purpose expert, whose supposedly harmless eccentricity is demonstrated by him wearing a bowtie and acting nerdy. Plus, he has an alibi -- at the time of the crime, he was at the Howard Johnson in Eugene for the Oregon bee keepers' convention., He said the GHP would be having further conversations with Perry about the group's concerns, particularly Perry's reluctance to address the failure of the 2006 margins tax., The FTC said Tuesday that despite telling users it would not share personally identifiable information with others, Myspace gave advertisers users' "Friend ID" numbers. That allowed advertisers to find users' publicly available personal information, often including full names, and could even lead advertisers to discover users' web-browsing activity., “I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little hurt, or disappointed,'' Roy said. “But the biggest thing is to keep moving, to try and keep my spirits up. But it's tough man. I just …. I just always thought I would be treated better. That was a little disappointing for me.'', Of the committee's proposals, public financing of races is perhaps the most ambitious. Committee members also contend the idea is key to freeing elected officials from special interests., Prices: Lunch: Soups, salads, $4.50-$22; appetizers, $8-$17; entrees, burgers, sandwiches, $12-$17. Dinner: appetizers, $8-$20; salads and soups, $5-$12; pasta, $16-$19; poultry, $25; burgers, $16; seafood, $23-$38; steaks, $36; sides $5.50-$11., Last year, Gronkowski spoke to the media on his visit to Hadlock Field., Rose said an open three is "like a layup" for Korver, who credited the dynamic point guard for finding him., "It's the perfect finishing statement," says Falconeri, who started out in fashion wearing the designs of heavyweights such as Karl Lagerfeld, Versace, Jean Paul Gaultier and Armani., Goldschmidt’s former speechwriter, Fred Leonhardt, has filed a letter with the standards board reiterating allegations he first made three years ago., In 2009, the city reported 1,008 car crashes, police Lt. Gary Wolske said. That's roughly one crash for every 28 people living in the suburb -- a higher rate than the state. (Ohio's statewide numbers come in at one crash for every 38 people.), A rival newspaper reported last week that the News of the World had hacked into the phone of U.K. teenage murder victim Milly Dowler in 2002 and may have impeded a police investigation into her disappearance., But I'd come for a house — an old house and a long-dead hero. I wanted to see Vailima, the carefully restored Victorian villa that was Robert Louis Stevenson's last home., The guard told his mother "Good luck" in German, then vanished. Half an hour later, they were over the border and no one asked for passports. The next day they arrived in Istanbul., » When: The alumni race begins at 12:30 p.m., and the Main Feature begins at 2 p.m., Sacramento Temporary Contemporary, MORRISTOWN — Accused killer Kleber Cordova’s admission to his sister-in-law that he drowned his wife in a bathtub during a struggle may be used as evidence in his upcoming trial, a Superior Court judge ruled today., In federal court Friday, Oxford Private Capital attorney Edward Magarian tried to persuade a judge to lift an order temporarily freezing up to $5 million in the firm's accounts. He said the firm had nothing to do with the plaintiffs' investments., But now the unusual wear pattern -- along the length of steam-generator tubes, indicating they were rubbing together -- has turned up in two of the tubes in Unit 2, Manfre said., The Vincel case involves doc fees of $79 and $149 charged to car buyers from May 5, 2003, to July 1, 2009, when the new law took effect., Rosie Gullion is a crusader for keeping crime out of her neighborhood. And in the process, she has become a crusader for building communication between her Echo Mountain Neighborhood Coalition and the Phoenix Police Department., "Junior says, `Listen, kangaroo leg, man, you've got the biggest leg I've ever seen. Let's get to work.'", Leaders of the association did not return calls and emails seeking comment., NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Brent Peterson says surgery saved his life. It helped the former Nashville Predators top assistant coach escape his personal prison, too., Benchmark oil for June delivery was down 8 cents to $105.14 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract fell 94 cents Wednesday to finish at $105.22 per barrel on the Nymex., The agency likely will need more money in future budget years to pay for inspections of egg producers., oThe remainder of the decline in Saban's compensation from 2009 is attributable to the difference between two other changes:, These delegates will spend several days at the college attending seminars and workshops which feature noted speakers from a variety of professions. While sampling “college life” the young women will learn about the broad choice of careers available to them., Hey Facebook fiends, here is good news:, Smith isn't thinking quite that big:, But without regulations in place, it's looking less likely that the state will have legal marijuana sales sometime this summer, as Christie's administration previously said it would., And Schklair, 80, is only one of many creative people who are working on second careers at Burbank Senior Artists Colony, a twist on senior housing that encourages residents to expand their horizons at a time when many people are beginning to narrow the scale of their lives. The philosophy is simple: You're never too old to become the person you want to be. And there's a wonderful side benefit, according to recent studies: Artful self-expression can lead to a longer, healthier life., She and other like-minded Democratic legislators have run into trouble. Lobbyists for the banking and mortgage industries say that key elements invite lawsuits while other parts are so onerous that new lending will dry up. Push too hard and the loan money needed to revive the state's housing industry will vanish, this side argues., "Those policies failed, but the tea party Republicans want to bring them all back and that's why I'm running, to stop the tea party," Pascrell said., Ellisville: Canine Pooch Plunges will be from 5 to 8 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 8, and 9 a.m. to noon Saturday, Sept. 10, at The Edge Aquatic Center in Bluebird Park, 225 Kiefer Creek Road. The fee is $7 per dog and $3 per person, and free for those ages 2 and under. Proceeds from the events will benefit the Ellisville Dog Park planned for Bluebird Park., The need to grab second-place support from voters who might like a rival better means candidates are less likely to slam their opponents. Or at least some of their opponents., The RTA HealthLine stop on Public Square has been temporarily converted to a stop in Germany. Details of the rerouting can be found online at www.riderta.com., Davis, 31, who is averaging 12.8 points and seven assists per game, is making $13 million this season and has two years left on his contract, earning nearly $14 million next season and $14.8 million in the final year. The Cavs can use part of the $14.5 million exception they got from Miami in the LeBron James deal to make up the difference., You, too, can enter the $1.25 Ask The Slouch Cash Giveaway. Just email asktheslouch@aol.com and, if your question is used, you win $1.25 in cash!, In California, there have been robberies and incidents of intimidation against "people they consider competitors in their territory,’’ Vigil said of the cartels., Pulitzer prize winner George Dohrmann likened himself to a “crazy uncle,’’ referring to his zeal in following the career of Oregon State guard Roberto Nelson., One of the inductees is Millville’s Matt Menz., "Well it's not good," he texted back., His wife, Susan, remembered it was a rainy day, and Phil got down on bended knee on the wet deck and proposed., Only about two dozen Ameren Illinois customers remained without service this afternoon, a spokesman said. On Saturday, about 5,000 customers, nearly all of them in St. Clair County, lost power., After Andy Dirks doubled to the left-center gap with one out in the first, Cabrera hit a ball that off the bat sounded like a homer. It was caught on the track in center., Last August, Kathia took her mother's car joyriding. She crashed it into an apartment carport. The structure collapsed, damaging numerous cars. A judge ordered an eight-month stint in juvenile facilities., Pending the approval of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, the publisher of the Baltimore Jewish Times and Style Magazine could be sold at auction next week., oAt the same time, just about all hot stocks eventually get challenged. Laws of economics dictate that eventually companies enjoying extremely large profit margins are challenged by competition and replacement products. Perhaps it's truly different this time with Apple. Perhaps Apple's popularity and keen advertising will continue to defy the laws of economics. Just not sure you'd want to bet your retirement on that happening., Don't feel like cooking tonight? Head out to the Souplantation at 13681 Newport Ave. between 5 and 8 p.m. for the restaurant's extensive soup, salad bar and much more buffet., State law requires children in public and private schools, preschools, Head Start and certified child-care facilities to be vaccinated against preventable diseases, and this year comes with a couple of new requirements:, The reductions are greater than current emissions from all but eight of the world's nations, the report says. They're also equivalent to emissions from 42 percent of U.S. vehicles and 27 percent of U.S. coal-fired power plants., "What we do as a staff is we have a lot of clarity with everything we talk about," Hoke said. "How we want to approach the academics, how we want to approach socially with each other, then the football part. The opportunity these guys have from an educational standpoint ... they've got tutors and advisers. (Still), every day, we've got to talk to our guys, positionally or whatever else, to remind them why they're here. That's a big part of it.", As politicians jockey for position next year, they will all face a worried electorate, according to an Ohio Poll sponsored by the University of Cincinnati released today., By far, the analysis shows the biggest chunk of savings would benefit local governments which would net some $1.1 billion a year, the projections shows., Given demographic trends in the developing world, the transatlantic divide in immigrant experiences is bound to grow. Fertility rates in Mexico, which a generation ago ran more than twice the level in the United States, now equal those on this side of the border. History shows that slowdowns in fertility precede slowdowns in emigration. Africa, a vastly more important source of migrants in Europe than in North America for simple reasons of geography, will be the last continent to witness the great decline in fertility rates historically associated with economic development., Roberts said at the meeting that requiring food trucks to display grades makes sense, "just simply because this is a public health issue and the public does have a right to know.", -Maisha, Some legal experts have questioned whether the governor can effectuate the changes through his executive power., Richter became the 20th player in Washington history to reach 1,000 points when he pushed his career total to 1,002 (he now has 1,009) on Feb. 3 during a 94-84 loss at Rochester, N.Y. Richter scored 20 points in the game. Washington (15-5) hosts Case Western Reserve (Ohio) at 8 p.m. Friday., Michael Gordon, 46, of Frenchtown was arrested at his home on a non-support warrant on April 16. The warrant was issued on March 2 in the amount of $983. Gordon was not immediately able to post the full release amount and he was returned to the Sheriff’s Office in Flemington where a family member posted the full release amount. Officers Frank Modafare Jr. and Bob Klein handled the arrest., Bud: Have you ever fallen asleep on the job? -- Tom H, Perception and reality, Chunn said the car certainly does have a mind of her own, but age is creeping up on the old girl and she will be replaced in six weeks or so when the team's new car is ready. Ziva's chassis is loose because of several weakened weld spots, Chunn said, and is still fast but can't stay in the corners long enough to hold off the better drivers such as Scott., "Berlin was actually two Berlins, both very different cities, and yet things were so lively and had this energy," he says. "It's still lively, but it's truly a melting pot of so many different cultures and peoples.", It doesn't get any easier. Having lost seven of their last 10 road games, the Heat next play the Chicago Bulls on Thursday night at the United Center., LAKEWOOD — An Ocean County grand jury indicted a Lakewood teen today on charges he shot a city police officer to death at close range, touching off a massive manhunt that ended with his arrest in Camden., It took less than a year to finish and decorate the building, with Cleveland's Rorimer-Brooks design house and Rose Iron Works contributing their talents. But just then, people in Cleveland and all over the country were figuring out that the Depression was here for the long haul., For Young, such questions could arise in an expulsion meeting today. But the most important question will be whether he deserves to be punished for trying to defend himself., Isabel's parents say they last saw her in her bedroom the night of April 20 and discovered she was missing the next morning. Police say a window was open with the screen pushed aside., Alessio Cerci scored the only goal of the game 10 minutes before halftime. Lecce goalkeeper Massimiliano Benassi almost equalized in injury time but his strike hit his own teammate., 18. Who is Kate's maid of honor?, The incident happened about 3:50 p.m., when the first of several waves of strong storms blew through the area. The first storm hit about an hour after the Cardinals game ended., But it all revolved around Hammons., oSchool pay: Base salary; income from contract provisions other than base salary that are paid, or guaranteed, by the university or affiliated organizations, such as a foundation or an athletics department operating as a related non-profit organization. Examples include payments in consideration for: shoe and apparel use; television, radio or other media appearances; personal appearances., 12:10 via Mike Sherman, NewsOK.com, Both sides confirmed Monday that they have agreed to the appointment of a fact-finding panel to review the offers of both sides. The three-member panel will have until July 15 to issue its recommendations., She arrived as a "faculty wife" whose husband taught economics at what is now Claremont Graduate University. She spent more than a decade on the City Council, served as mayor in the 1980s and helped found Claremont Heritage, a group dedicated to preserving local history., Huff still doesn't look to be 100 percent, but Kelly said he's not concerned about his missed practice time., Doesn't sound like much, but bring some grains and fresh vegetables into the mix and you have hummus, bruschetta, a hearty salad, a simple stew. Add eggs and cheese, a sausage link or two and some bacon, and a loaf of crusty bread, and the options get broader: savory bread pudding, a frittata, pasta, quesadillas and more., Once you answer that question, you will become more audience-centered in your communication. If you can’t answer the "so what" questions, much of what you have to say will fall on deaf ears because in your audience, so many of them are thinking to themselves "so what?" It’s a lot better for you to think that as a speaker and answer it, and then shape your communication in response., In fourth grade she signed up for Future Problem Solving Program International and was involved in volunteerism through 4-H., Arnold testified that she does not know whether her son really is the baby's father., Maybe they should try it here., Feeling This, "The bear was very aggressive and was biting at the wire cage," Stalf said in the affidavit, which is dated April 24., "Is there some cause to believe I'm a risk or might flee?" he asked District Judge Jane Rice., 87. Cleveland (from Denver), John Hughes, db, Cincinnati., "Rocky Horror" is the rarest of cultural phenomena: a rite of passage that keeps 'em coming back for more., Oh, they'll come south, Barringer said. And north, east and west too. And that will mean already-cash-strapped communities will have to scrounge up more money to address homelessness., New Jersey hopes to experience similar success., In addition to doing comedy, both performers have their hands in multiple mediums. Pryor is an author, having recently published a book “Jokes My Father Never Taught Me: Love, Life and Loss With Richard Pryor.” She is also the artistic director of the Strand Theater in Baltimore, and is a known jazz/blues vocalist., Israeli officials, meanwhile, fret about whether a post-Assad administration would prove better or worse for their country., "My first year with Independence schools has been a good experience," Marlow said. "The community and the schools work well together. This is a great place for kids to be educated.", He also said that all three firms thought Army Corps of Engineers assessments of seepage-control needs were based on overly conservative interpretations of Federal Emergency Management Agency requirements. He said the consultants believe costs could be as much as 30 percent below the federal estimate., Even before the photos were published online, Pentagon press secretary George Little said Panetta "rejects the conduct depicted in these two-year-old photographs.", Annie's brother is entering the university's engineering school (Annie's second choice), and the third triplet, Elizabeth, is enrolled in a high-school International Baccalaureate program., With the exception of Laurita, who gave birth last week, all four then headed into Manhattan, where they hit the red carpet for the premiere of the Jack Black-Michael Cera flick "Year One.", Only a handful of the 50 aldermen voted against giving Emanuel the authority, citing concerns the new ordinances would stifle dissent., Andy Dirks added an insurance run in the fifth, when he doubled past former Tiger Carlos Pena<U+0092>s outstretched glove and scored on a balk by Rays starter James Shields., Even if that means being exposed to the prying eyes of present and future curiosity seekers. "I'm sure there's plenty of embarrassing stuff," Boyle says. He isn't sure what, exactly; once filed away he left his papers untouched, but he can return to the Ransom Center any time should he want to spend time with them again., Producer: Kevin Feige., The decades-old federal program, known as EB-5, was little-known until the recession, when banks sharply curbed real estate lending. That forced developers to seek out new sources of money. Since early 2010, the Cleveland International Fund has secured investors for the Flats East Bank project and inked deals to fund construction at University Hospitals and the new American Greetings Corp. headquarters in Westlake., 1979-80 - Bill Fitch, Boston, <U+221A>John A. Cimino*, oUnless the rules of capitalism are suspended, eventually, Apple will encounter a rival that's able to take it on. If that happens, using Apple stock as an ATM will cease to work. And that's why your strategy seems to be setting you up for trouble. Remember that Apple stock can correct, especially considering how rapidly it's risen. If there's any disruption in the company's business, a severe downturn in the stock would be expected. And that's why using the stock market for quick gains, traditionally, has not worked out well and is not a good idea., "What I didn't know was how to be of use to other people. We don't innately know how we can be of use and who we are inside when we're young. We're basically straddling fences when we're young and searching.", As a diverse community of creative professionals who value our protected freedoms, UASA looks forward to meeting with NewSong Church to see if we can together work in good faith to sign an agreement that protects the Santora Arts Building artists, provides long-term leases for current tenants and supports the Artists Village as a place for free expression and the creation of art. We ask for a formal discussion with representation in which to voice our concerns and a series of mediated sessions in which to negotiate an agreement that meets with the collective art community's approval., Wyden says the Smith and Leahy bills go too far by requiring IP providers, networks, and other third parties to cease linking to these websites, potentially disrupting the thriving Internet business and threatening free speech. Wyden warns that the proposals would reverse current laws that protects sites such as Google, YouTube and Facebook from sanction if they move quickly to remove protected material put on the sites by a third party., The speakers included an aide to U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez (D-NJ), who today called on Gov. Chris Christie to invoke his authority to veto the increase., Active listings: 32, ranging from $425,000 for 1,432 square feet to $3,000,000 for 6,118 square feet., Yes, you can minimize the risk to your comfort level - buying travel insurance, booking large tour groups with a well-bonded guide, avoiding dodgy street food. But at some point you have to wonder: Did you experience that city, or just look at it, as if seeing highlights on a Viewmaster picture wheel?, In theory, the district spurs investment and construction, and when the district expires, the land inside is more valuable than it would have been., "It's the height of hypocrisy," said Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas, the Republican chairman of the House Judiciary Committee., Aside from oddities like the action spoof “Red,’’ Hollywood tends to relegate actors in their 60s, no matter how accomplished, to supporting roles. So it’s a delight to see William Hurt and Isabella Rossellini given an age-appropriate showcase that doesn’t involve heavy artillery., The other two finalists were "Train Dreams" by Denis Johnson and "Swamplandia!" by Karen Russell., Per serving: 315 calories; 11g fat; 3g saturated fat; 95mg cholesterol; 29g protein; 25g carbohydrate; 2g sugar; 1g fiber; 1,120mg sodium; 65mg calcium., Holder had been considering other possible trial locations, including Virginia, Washington and a different courthouse in New York City. Those districts could all end up conducting trials of other Guantanamo detainees sent to federal court later on., Pacific Symphony, Not dream jobs, not a native Ohioan returning home, not the draw of competing in the new Big Ten with its SEC-style championship game., John Riddlebaugh was hired and scripted by the show's third artist, Ben Kinsley, whose video and performance work often has a confrontational edge. "The End Is Nigh," Riddlebaugh and his sandwich board proclaim. He goes on to shout out phrases from a little pamphlet: "THE END OF ADOLESCENCE," "IT WAS A QUIET PLACE TUCKED AWAY, A SECRET GEM!", The gathering near Hillel's Levine-Weinberger Center had the atmosphere of a street fair as students from Hillel's "Owls for Israel" club and representatives from the local chapters of the Jewish National Fund and MASA talked with students and handed out literature., Honor her loss, It was only many decades later that it was learned that the high mortality rate in Haworth was linked to poisonous runoff from the St. Michael's graveyard into the town's water wells., Funding for sports court resurfacing, new ballfield lighting and other projects also was included, at a price tag of more than $1.7 million., What could happen: Congressional Republicans, led by defeated Rep. Richard Pombo, R-Tracy, wanted to open more U.S. coastal waters to oil drilling. Those plans are probably doomed. Similarly, Democrats will stifle Republican efforts to allow oil drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge., That's because, the facilitator said, when Superintendent Michael Bregy took charge of the district this school year, he announced another shift in the district's top priority - back to core teaching and learning., Tournament officials say they'll cap the number of entrants at 48; if that many players enter, the top prize would be $18.3 million. The second-place prize would be about $10 million, with about $5.3 million being raised for One Drop. The top prize would surpass the present record: the $12 million Jamie Gold won at WSOP's Main Event in 2006., Inspiration for Tanov can come from any number of areas - art, books, film, nature - and her current collection is a tribute to the colorful paintings of Gustav Klimt, but with an edge she says came from reading Patti Smith's memoir "Just Kids." "Their lives were so creative, just making something from nothing, and that was totally inspiring. I just wanted to take these opulent fabrics and put them into pieces you can wear every day. I think I do that in every collection, and it's how you put it together.", Clayton's Planning Commission had denied the original proposal, saying they believed the planned building will be too big for the site and too close to homes., While NFL commissioner Roger Goodell was in Minneapolis to push for a new stadium for the Vikings, Pash reminded that the Rams were still early in the process of talks with the CVC., Dear P.E.: Other than the usual red-carpet suspects, I would choose Daphne Guinness. There is, of course, Kate Middleton, a Princess Diana in the making, but her influence remains to be seen -- and worn., Player of the year: Josh Scott, Lewis-Palmer, A ruling could complicate the budget process, especially if the court orders money put back into public education for the year ahead. A balanced budget must be in place by June 30. The new fiscal year starts July 1., oSo here's what a money breakdown might look like: You offer your normal $100 carpet cleaning for $50. With each sale, you get $25, the site gets $25. Those who never redeem the coupon add to your profit margin: Businesses report 5% to 40% nonredemption rates., During the summer, water every two weeks and increase the duration to 11/2 hours. Keep fertilizing the same way. You should notice the blotches lessen., Crawford, who is a master falconer, invited Scott to accompany him while he trained one of his hawks. Scott followed up with a letter that would start their friendship., The ironic truth is that I suspect there are countless good priests and nuns who favor my point of view but are essentially muzzled by the archdiocese and the Vatican. Maybe the fault is our own, fellow cafeteria Catholics, for not speaking up and flooding the archdiocese and church hierarchy with letters of protest., “A lot of people don’t realize that cemeteries are for the living,” said Eileen Markenstein, the president of the park’s volunteer Board of Trustees. “The cemetery is a living history museum. It’s a beautiful memorial park.”, 2012 promises to be Blunt's most high-profile year so far. In addition to "Salmon Fishing," she's also set to be seen on the big screen in the comedy-dramas "Arthur Newman, Golf Pro" and "Your Sister's Sister," the romantic comedy "The Five-Year Engagement" and the science-fiction film "Looper.", From the outset of the demonstration which began two weeks ago on Monday, October 10, the City of Oakland has focused on three clear goals: 1) facilitating the protesters' right to free speech and peaceful expression, 2) maintaining public health and safety, and 3) crowd control., On Friday, Mayor Cory Booker cautioned residents to prepare for 72 hours without power. East Ward residents appeared to take to heart., In addition, Natalie Jefferson’s 15-year-old son, Shaquan, ran back inside the burning home to pull out Jefferson’s frightened 2-year-old daughter, Angel, the girl’s father said., life from Hough. Tuesday, Hough killed Menounos with a wooden, "You are not lying effectively," the senator told Prol, then launched into a short speech where he noted the importance of lawmakers having the "consent of the governed.", He said that because most people will be leaving work early or going on vacation Wednesday or Thursday, "they'll only be able to shop (this) Friday, Saturday and Sunday.", The pick: Harrison Smith, S, Notre Dame, 6-2, 213, “I don’t know that I can just concentrate on certain facts,” he said., That was before the recession and a problem at Noranda Aluminum's New Madrid smelter, the utility's largest industrial customer, caused demand for electricity to plummet., When the Dolphins hired Joe Philbin as coach in January, team officials privately said owner Stephen Ross would strongly pursue Manning if he became available., "With 'The Dinner Party' I wanted to open up the way for others, but I hear stories all the time that show it hasn't changed much. Women have found ways to achieve in art, but how long will they be remembered?" she asked, noting that female painters such as Élisabeth Vigée Le Brun and Rosa Bonheur were famous in their times but had faded from art history by the 20th century., Sterling will get $691 million in core First Independent deposits in the deal, as well as $455 million of assets under management from First Independent's wealth and trust businesses. Sterling will also assume First Independent's 14 branches in Washington's Clark and Skamania counties and two offices in Portland., "They've taken a tool and technology we used to help people get voter information and turned it into a very sophisticated way to do voter suppression tactics and annoy people with false and misleading information," said Scott Goodstein of Revolution Messaging, a Democratic-leaning mobile communications firm. "Worse yet, people are being charged to receive these messages.", The superintendent said he has “no clue” whether there are any other alleged sex abuse victims, but he said he sent a letter to parents and children encouraging them to meet with guidance counselors if they have any concerns., Justin De Ruyte, Portland fire bureau spokesman, said firefighters did not believe any one was in the three-story wood structure at 2400 N.W. 21st Avenue, but they were initially concerned about transients who might have been in the building, which is more than 100 years old., Not just by the one who's left at home, wondering whose number that is on your cellphone and where you got those grass stains on your shirt collar, but also by the third party who can reject your advances to go with another suitor., It's not true. You are allowed to realize what's going on and say something. You haven't missed the deadline., "It makes a family of four work together for several minutes. … It's almost the ultimate family-bonding experience," says Robert Niles, publisher of the Theme Park Insider website. "I've never seen anything like that, in the same way, at a theme park.", A Bayonne tenant group fighting to overturn the city's recently-enacted vacancy decontrol law now believes the city is trying to lock them out of meeting at the library., -- There is no doubt that THE storyline going into fall camp will be the running back competition. That picture still looks foggy after a month of practice, though Storm Woods remains the favorite at least within the media, and he looked the best Saturday in Reser., Voters in 12 Northern California counties are choosing a successor to a Republican state senator who died in office last year., "Personally I think they've been playing great," Zajac noted. "After the All-Star break, everyone has really picked up their game. I thought they've been competing hard, working hard and playing with a lot of confidence. Everybody is chipping in and contributing, which is what you need at this time of year.", Osage Nation officials claim the wind farm will interfere with development of oil and gas properties, which involves installing a network of pipes to gather the petroleum that's produced., Thompson and her husband, James Pena, also an Iraq veteran, watched with their 6-month-old son, Schuyler, well-covered in his stroller with blankets and a camouflage fleece hat. They both choked back tears as they explained how it felt to see so many people gathered in their honor., "There would definitely be a risk of losing hub status," said Richard Aboulafia, an airline industry analyst at Teal Group., "It's not the same shock as last year," Perkins said. "If prices stay around four bucks, consumers will be able to say 'All right, I've been here before, I've already worked it into my budget.'", "If you look at the problem the county has ... there was this sense it was kind of a closed fraternity of people that would bid," he said. "It's important that it not be a mystery what the process is, or what the contracts are.", How do I know? In part because the class is taught by Emma Parker, a dancer and choreographer with Cleveland's Dancing Wheels. If anybody locally knows how dancers warm up and cool down, and how to transpose those processes onto regular people, it's her., For further information, visit the district website at epsnj.org, Here is a roundup of alleged cons, frauds and schemes to watch out for., It is not mandated by the state. In fact, N.J.A.C. 5:30-15.5 states, “A county may appropriate or reserve funds for the purpose of compensating employees for accumulated absence time in accordance with the following: 2. The amount to be appropriated is specifically reserved to the governing body. Nothing in this section shall require any specific amount to be appropriated in any given year. In addition: 2. ii. Once appropriated, funds so reserved for compensated absence shall not be used for any other purpose unless so approved by the Local Finance Board.”, oKeli Cain, spokeswoman for Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management, says, "One of the top things we let people know is that outdoor warning sirens are just that - for when you're outdoors, such as in the car or at the park. They're really not designed to wake people at night, as it's difficult to hear them.", Anderson is trying to fight back. He's speaking at night before various Villages groups, and he has bought full-page advertising with the headline, "Clarifying Misleading Information.", The Oregonian’s continuing coverage of the Oregon State TreasuryShortly after taking over as Treasurer last year from the late Ben Westlund, Wheeler did institute a number of reforms in response to the newspaper's findings. He banned first-class air travel and limited golf while on duty, and prohibited the longstanding agency practice of allowing investment officers to seek per diem reimbursements covering meals when those meals were provided for free. He also formed a citizen commission to vet a rewrite of the agency's travel policies and asked the state ethics commission to weigh in on the changes. Last month, he ordered his investment officers to file new public-disclosure forms about their finances., SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- It could soon cost California shoppers at the checkout aisle if they forget to bring their own bags to the grocery store., What else is coming from Clearwire?, "Then, as now, a diagnosis creates the problem, and then someone creates the cure," Canner says., 9. "NCIS: Los Angeles," CBS, 12.10 million viewers, The invasive beetles could directly threaten endangered butterfly species in Oregon. The beetles have reached Mount Hebo, one of the few remaining habitats of the threatened Oregon silverspot butterfly. The beetle thrives in similar environments as does the endangered Fender's blue butterfly in the Willamette Valley. No one has documented the beetles eating silverspot or Fender's blue butterfly eggs, caterpillars or cocoons, but LaBonte says the beetles would have no trouble finding them. Gazelle beetles climb shrubs and grasses, unlike their more earth-bound relatives., The three-story center will sit off Euclid Avenue, next to the hospital. Kious said the Clinic still needs about $12 million in donations for construction, but the hospital system will cover what money donors do not. It will open by late 2011., "This bill would increase the cost of obtaining a patent by five to 10 times, possibly raising the price to $250,000 to $500,000," said Schmidt, whose company makes medical devices. "I call this the ending the American dream act.", For Klech too, who was behind Utah State’s Nick Karren coming off the turn. But on the home straight, Klech was gaining with every stride., Coughlin realizes it was simply a matter of Rolle getting through an adjustment period after five seasons with the Cardinals., "Do I love jumping this big four times in a week? No, but you've got to do it at the Olympics. We need trials, our country's built around that, and I'm a big believer in the trials and a big believer in the chef d'equipe having input.", Do you check it on work breaks and even on vacations?, "56 games would have been OK," Platt said. "We did 50 in 1999.", A Rockaway Township resident, Lewis will earn $147,500 annually, said village president Alex Torpey., 2012 Toyota Camry Hybrid: 12 days, Marin: Kent Pump Trail, Carson Falls, Laurel Dell Loop, Bon Tempe/Lagunitas lakes loop, Marin Water District., In closing, this is a great time for a new quarterback to come to Indianapolis; the city has officially and indisputably become a football town. If you need evidence of that, consider this: Lucas Oil Stadium remained packed and energized last year as the Colts flirted with a winless season. Meanwhile, on Monday, as the NBA Pacers neared the end of a spectacular regular season and prepared for the playoffs, more than a dozen tickets to their game against the Detroit Pistons were selling for 99 cents or less on StubHub.com., “It’s just one of those things,” Hughes said. “There’s not much I can do about other than pitch well. As long as I pitch well, there’s going to be a spot. The fact that we have more starters than spots is not something I can control. What I can control is how hard I work.”, The Sweetwater Union High School District just put out a news release responding to a new investigation by The Watchdog. We are not quite ready to publish our report, as we are taking the time to make sure it's fair and accurate. We shared our findings with the district last Friday, and you can see the district's reaction below. Stay tuned., In a written statement, consumer site Edmunds.com analyst Michelle Krebs noted that in 2008, when gasoline passed $4 per gallon for the first time, Ford and GM suffered because they had few cars to offer., But the devil is in the details. More must be done to ensure local police departments' compliance, to track and deliver the kits in a timely manner and to approach, in a sensitive and professional way, those survivors whose kits have been sitting on shelves for years., Mais Oui, manufacturing representative, 1815 E. Marks St., Orlando, 32803., "They always cut away on TV before they finish!" Jenko (Channing Tatum) complains., The Junk Gypsies will welcome customers this summer to that big barnlike space - their first "real" store. The 7,500-square-foot building on their 10-acre compound also has offices, a kitchen and a shipping warehouse for their online business, gypsyville.com. (Sales of Junk Gypsy-branded T-shirts and jewelry - for gals who can only dream about a rovin' lifestyle - provide much of their income.), In a year, the foundation's programs benefit more than 100,000. This year, it was voted one of the state's 100 best nonprofits by Oregon Business magazine., "He did not explain how the child was suspended other than the fact that she was suspended by her wrists," according to the affidavit written by Thomas Bennett of the Boulder district attorney's office., Besides two-dimensional images of animals, the things you can see in the exhibition include a children's board game; a cylinder seal from the fourth millennium B.C.; a first edition of Orwell's Animal Farm; and music scores that like everything else here, have to do with humans and animals., “We tried,” Brady said. “I wasn’t sure how close we were to getting there. Obviously, we needed to do a little bit more.”, Well, that would at least be exciting to watch., DE/OLB, South Carolina, Edmonton went 50-15-3-4 during the regular season and finished with a league-best 107 points -- five more than Portland (49-19-3-1)., To remedy that, Hayes said she will work extensively on her outside shot and ball handling in preparation for her junior season., That has to play in the neighborhoods., SD28@maild.sen.state.oh.us, “The cops have to gain control of the streets with these layoffs coming and these guys knowing, it’s going to be suicide,” she said., "If they are eligible for Medicaid, then the state should be paying 40 cents for every dollar - not 100," he said., He said another Zetas member detained earlier had implicated Hernandez Rodriguez in the crime., "Why do people like working here? Because our jobs make a difference," Lothridge said. A prime example is the NFSTC's involvement in NamUs: the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System. The free database serves as a relatively new tool for families of the missing. The system's made several matches recently, including reuniting a family with the remains of a body unidentified for more than 20 years., Poison ivy leaves to look out for usually are bright green this time of year and have 3 pointy leaves. If someone who is allergic comes into contact with poison ivy, an extremely itchy rash will appear 24 to 48 hours after exposure. The rash will have red bumps, feel warm and tender. The rash could also ooze, drain or crust., We've never quite been believers of UCLA at any point this season. And in spite of Sparty's failings (there have been a lot of them), we did pick them in the preseason as a Final Four team. The fact that Team Izzo seems to be finally turning the corner only encourages us to stay with the decision. Michigan State 62-54., The book introduces 16-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who lives in a post-apocalyptic world in the country of Panem, where North America once existed. The Capitol, a highly advanced metropolis, holds absolute power over the rest of the nation., The changes in school starting and ending times most notably will impact the middle schools, which will start almost an hour later than the current 7:25 a.m. start time. Parents and teachers had voiced concerns that the start time was too early., The story struck a chord with Princeton architect Steven S. Cohen., State and federal government probes of the San Bruno disaster are complete, but the state utilities commission opened a separate investigation into PG&E's gas-system records, which the blast investigations revealed to be in disarray., SAN FRANCISCO -- Construction giant URS Corp. is acquiring the Canadian oil and gas contractor Flint Energy Services Ltd. for $1.25 billion in cash., Their plan was to attack on or around the eighth anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks., "We are rolling along," Appelbaum said., The solution: Install a water softener. That device, which can cost $400 to $5,000 - depending on how big your home is and whether you want it installed by a professional - will replace calcium and magnesium ions in your water with sodium ions, which do not react badly with soap or cause limescale to form on pipes., Attendance decreased for five clubs. D.C. United's attendance was off five percent, while Dallas (13 percent) and San Jose (31 percent) suffered the largest declines., Civil service also sets up often cumbersome rules to fire current employees, Keefe said. The tool kit proposals would also consolidate the disciplinary process, considering both minor and major infractions in the same forum., The state’s fourth-graders ranked fourth nationally in math — up from fifth in 2009 — while eighth-graders got the third-highest scores, up from fifth two years ago., Tigerfest, the annual spring concert, typically means hordes of Towson students and live music (this year's headliner is Cleveland rapper Kid Cudi)., "With its modern Florida architecture, this secluded, gated community is like living in a resort," a spokesmodel says in a promotional video posted on YouTube. "It's the perfect choice for those looking for space and comfort.", Several of the top women executives listed by The Wall Street Journal have already been wooed for CEO jobs, said Clarke Murphy, CEO of recruiters Russell Reynolds Associates Inc. An earlier version of this article incorrectly rendered Mr. Murphy's comment in the present tense, misquoting him to say several of the executives are being wooed., A trust fund has been established at Center State Bank. "Just walk in," said Mainard, "and tell them it's for Cole VanHoy.", The woman, whose identity is being withheld pending notification of next of kin, is described only as a 51-year-old Long Beach resident., Barkley threw for 3,528 yards this season, with 39 TD passes and just six interceptions, leading USC to a 10-2 record., "I know David," Graham said. "I hung out with him in the summertime before. There was no ill will. I hope he feels the same way. It was just one of those things in the heat of the moment., Performed for the first time at the Met on Monday, the opera chronicles, Some may help avoid a costly prescription, purchase or doctor's visit, while some just offer an alternative way to tackle a common problem. This roundup consists of simple solutions that often have a basis in science, be it chemistry, biology or physics., In the case of the contractors, survival means staying afloat in a local sector that has seen business fall off by 31 percent in 2008-09 and another 30 percent over the first three months of this year, according to an Associated General Contractors survey., Themed programs and events for all ages have been planned during the run of the exhibition, including curator-led tours of the show. One scheduled for Dec. 13 is titled "Let's All Make Books!" It is an afternoon of book-making and paper exploration with members of the Book Arts Roundtable. It will be held in Centennial Hall of the main library, from 1 to 4 p.m. It is free and open to the public and is suitable for all ages., Pirrello also included Social Security income, but at a reduced level., When using these tax software programs, you need to be careful of what you're agreeing to. If you're not sure, stop and call customer service before proceeding. TurboTax can be reached at 888-777-3066., Other main courses include beer-battered fish with those real-potato fries ($14); a hefty pork chop ($16); and a nicely grilled quarter chicken ($14) under a crust of lemongrass and coriander., After hitting that peak, consumers cut back sharply on borrowing for two straight years. They slowly began taking on more debt again in the fall of 2010 and in recent months have stepped up their rate of borrowing., The city is providing the plants, paint, mulch and materials. Most of the planting will replace dead or missing plants, city officials said., Retirement benefits $15,684, Clay, in addressing the committee, said: "We have served our community and our church for well over 30 years now. We have given our life to service. We brought some experience and some education and some wisdom to those years of service, and we'd like to make ourself available to serve on the police merit board.", Both were being held on $75,000 bail., Stanford got a scare with 6:51 left in the first half when Nneka Ogwumike scored on a drive to make it 30-16 and then turned into Kathleen Scheer's right elbow. She briefly went down and took a seat for all of 1:23., According to UNOS, 43 percent of adults in the U.S. are registered as donors. Organs can only be used though under certain circumstances, such as when someone dies from a major head injury and a ventilator can keep the organs viable. Less than 1 percent of U.S. deaths annually are under such circumstances. And sometimes the opportunity is lost because family members didn't know about the person's wishes on organ donation., The state Senate has passed a bill increasing the budget for elementary and secondary education by $74 per student <U+0097> a total of $100 million over the next two years. That doesn't make up for the $620 in per student cuts since 2009, but it's a start., Mamet is rightly known as a sound poet, a writer who constructs fractured skeins of dialogue that capture the essence of often trapped and hopeless American citizens. It's a shame that, in this play, he decided to gag himself. (Rimshot.), UMBC, the No. 2 seed, ended its season with a 5-8 record and lost for the third time in its past four contests., The Blues hold on and win their fourth in a row, longest winning streak of the season. With goals from T. J. Oshie and Matt D'Agostini, the team improves to 8-1-2 under coach Ken Hitchcock. They have points in 10 of 11 games with Hitchcock. Gutty performance without Alex Pietrangelo, Vlad Sobotka, Carlo Colaiacovo and others., "This is for us a sign from God," he said., That's not to say that an Exelon-Constellation merger is a great thing. It still takes a corporate headquarters out of Baltimore, and as EDF officials have pointed out, it greatly diminishes the chances for the construction of a new nuclear reactor at Calvert Cliffs and will almost certainly result in the loss of high-paying jobs here. But the criteria on which the Public Service Commission can judge this deal are narrow: Does it provide benefits for BGE customers, does it produce no harm for them, and is it in the public interest? With the terms Mr. O'Malley secured, the commission should be able to answer all three in the affirmative., But like another wealthy neophyte business executive candidate, 2010 Republican gubernatorial nominee Meg Whitman, Lawson has a poor voting record. According to elections records in San Francisco, where she lived before moving to Marin County almost three years ago, she voted only four times in 12 elections between October 2003 and November 2008., "The amazing thing is, we hadn't called or contacted any of those folks," Wright said. "It was all word-of-mouth. We had groups from all over, asking how they could help. It was incredible.", Equalization ended a contentious hearing Tuesday afternoon on the appraised values of the county's two casinos by throwing out its earlier ruling for one and standing by the other., "It was so quick," Milam said. "The kids were like "I think there was a tornado. It scared me so bad.", "Residents who sign up for the list are also supposed to display a 'no soliciting' sign at their home," city spokeswoman Tara Finnigan said. "This provides notice on-site, and the list augments that notice.", In his memoir, he recalled church bells ringing in England when the war ended May 7, 1945., The St. Lucie County sheriff's office reported that Langill, 32, was arrested Sunday night after losing control at a traffic circle, crashing into a concrete fountain and flipping his car., It's still a big gamble: Fashion fans, after all, are notoriously fickle. So why would any network take a chance on the genre?, oAuriemma doesn't see that becoming a problem., Bower says he became fascinated by the story of a middle-aged music producer who struck gold by turning the old-fashioned talent contest into a slick 21st-century phenomenon <U+0097> and in the process earned a fortune estimated at 200 million pounds ($320 million) by the Sunday Times Rich List., Megrahi, who has terminal prostate cancer, was released from a Scottish prison in 2009 on compassionate grounds., It was easy to see that the Wolfpack had a size advantage on the surprising Aztecs (26-8), who were back in the tournament despite losing four starters from last year's squad that lost to eventual champion Connecticut in the regional semifinals., Grueneberg: With weight and health being such a hot topic, I've never seen so many people make fun of me for my weight. It's like I'm in fourth grade. They peg Heather and I because we are larger women, and that fits that profile of she's overweight, so she's the big bully here. And Beverly is petite, and it was this perfect storm for them to really go for it., The two men wound up buying the Watts Towers, which led to the formation of a citizens committee in 1959 to preserve and exhibit the walled complex of spires — the tallest is nearly 100 feet — and other structures decorated with broken pottery, seashells, glazed tiles and pieces of colored glass., But during the Sharks' Game 2 loss in St. Louis on Saturday, these three headliners were right in the middle of almost everything., Congress is expected to recess for midterm elections in the next 2-3 weeks, making it unlikely a bill can be enacted within the next two months. Rep. James Oberstar, D-Minn., chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, which was holding a hearing Wednesday on the Michigan oil spill, said he wants to "scrub" the proposal with the help of administration officials and lawmakers from both parties before the recess so that a bill can at least clear the pipeline subcommittee by then., Levi Strauss, which was hurt by the premium-denim trend, has been trying to up its fashion quotient. Other efforts include a premium line called Capital E, with prices starting at $150., The doubt that exists outside of the team might be used as a little extra fuel for the guys inside of the locker room., Back in July, no one would have suspected, least of all the athletic Blackford, that he'd suffer the attack., Mark yet another victory for prosecutors. Wiretaps helped decimate the Mob and brought down drug gangs. On Wall Street, the casualties are just beginning to pile up., "The last sad ceremony is to take place on Thursday morning; her dear remains are to be deposited in the Cathedral.", "I trust that these changes will be beneficial to the citizens and detrimental to the criminals," Rogers said., "I’m on the computer right now," he said from his home. Andrews graduated from the police academy in July 2008, having left a job that paid him $60,000. When he was laid off today, he was making $47,000., In her letter, Johnson wrote that the position required Ken Mason to work with the president of the university <U+0097> his wife., "It's an opportunity to hear what our citizens have to say about these important issues," said Jonathan Ferry, economic development director for Granite City. "We have to try to find a way to allocate the resources in a way that will be most sustainable for the future.", "I just hope it happens in my lifetime and I have no idea how long that will be.", I mean — $5.50 for one hot dog? Eight bucks (or nine, at Yankee Stadium) for a single Budweiser?, Photographer Frances Freyberg will be joined by Kim Holl, Lynn Montoya, Julia Seelos and Alice Weil for open studios May 5 and 6, and 19 and 20 at 856 Partridge Ave. in Menlo Park. Freyberg will be showing photos from her recent trips to New Zealand as well as those to Albania, Macedonia and Bulgaria, plus local landscapes and flowers., Fourth place usually guarantees a place in qualifying, but Chelsea could yet take that berth by winning the Champions League final against Bayern Munich on May 19., More than 80 firms representing the aviation, energy, automotive, technical, transportation, manufacturing and government fields, among others, are expected to attend the seventh MIAT Career Expo on the 750-student campus at 2955 S. Haggerty, north of Michigan Avenue., Pakistan once kept Indian generals awake at night. But increasingly that mantle goes to China, with its growing economic and military might and festering territorial disputes along its shared 2,800-mile-long border with India. Adding to India's insecurity are memories of its defeat by Beijing in a 1962 border war., We all know that lip gloss is a gateway drug, leading to a lifetime addiction of buying and using to get the greatest high - beauty. The ads say so; it must be true., Three helicopters and two aerial tankers battled the blaze, along with 28 fire engines., Hirth's recruiting story has a happy ending. He recently committed to walk on at Illinois, picking the Illini over Iowa State., The girl said she went to see her mother at Morristown Memorial Hospital that day and the next day, when she spoke with her father outside a waiting room., "At 14, they're not going to take any medication they don't want to take," he said. "If they're a danger to themselves of others, there's already a process in place.", "I think it's like anything else, it's repetition," he said., Citigroup denied any involvement in the transaction Goldman Sachs is charged in connection with. But Citigroup said it has talked with the SEC during the agency's industrywide probe of the role of derivatives in the financial crisis., “It is a negotiation and if we get close with ODOT and need them to bring a little more to the table, they may,” Asher said., Among U.S. companies, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. fell 2 percent after saying it would buy the U.S. retail operations of Royal Bank of Canada for $3.45 billion. The deal will make PNC the fifth biggest U.S. bank with 2,870 branches., MDFASHIONS3, Penske won the season-opening race with Helio Castroneves, and Power has won the past two., Together we devised this delicate savory custard with a silky texture and the merest hint of garlic. The individual custards make a special side dish for a beef or pork roast, or you can combine them with a salad for an unusual first course., "I hope you never have another peaceful night's sleep. ... I hope you wake up in a cold sweat every time you hear a creek in your blood-money mansion," the e-mail said. "Mostly, I hope you die a slow painful death comparable to those you forced your victims to endure. Please don't interpret this as a threat. It's merely my most fond wishes for you.", Details: 800-553-2300 for repair kits and more information., Each side of the debate invokes its own favored study. Support for the "German hypothesis" comes from two Harvard economists with un-German names—Alberto Alesina and Silvia Ardagna. But their critics, who include Mr. Ball, say their sample includes many irrelevant episodes for which their model fails to correct—including, for example, the U.S. "fiscal correction" that was born out of the U.S. economic boom of the late 1990s., "It seems the NTC has done a 'cut and paste' job with the Gadhafi-era laws," Whitson said. "Libya's new leaders should know that laws restricting what people can say can lead to a new tyranny.", "When I get into the mode that I'm writing or cutting script, there's such an adrenaline rush that it becomes addictive," said Vaught, a senior at Granite City High School. "You seek to do it again, and again and again.", The NBC Website has a preview clip of the show, its tagline, "Once upon a crime," and the teaser: "Remember the fairy tales your parents used to tell you before bedtime? Well, those weren't stories, they were warnings.", Will Romine walked directly over to Jazzy and rubbed her wavy black hair. The third-year law student was making a repeat visit to play with the dogs., "He loved fishing. He was a loving father and was caring," said his girlfriend. He had a son in Mexico. "He was very friendly. He used to make friends all the time.", The U.S. Embassy cautioned Americans that ground travel around Thailand was difficult and the situation should be monitored closely., That sounds like a primary fight is brewing., By day, Collins, 37, is a computer guy, working out of his home for a California software company. One day a week, he packs an overnight bag and spends a 24-hour shift at the Overland Park Fire Department's Station Two. But he can also respond to calls at any time during his off-duty hours., Do we want two more years of Sue? Please read the blog Fix Pacifica even the grand Jury: read that one By the way, we are not being told the truth about the widening of Highway 1; ask Barbara, she's on the advisory board and as far as the General Plan we haven't had one in 30 years and we can't afford to finish this. I attended the General Plan meeting. Did you? How do you expect to get informed by staying home?, Kitty McNeal, now in her mid-70s, goes to Mass on Sept. 11 and visits her son's grave. Like her daughter and son-in-law, she has traveled to New York a couple times for the memorial ceremony at Ground Zero., Susan Wojcicki, senior vice president of advertising at Google, said the company is pleased to join "a broad industry agreement to respect the 'Do Not Track' header in a consistent and meaningful way that offers users choice and clearly explained browser controls.", Portland plays Sacramento tonight before one of the NBA's best teams, Boston, comes to Portland for its lone visit of the season. The one thing the Blazers can't do is look past Sacramento, and here's why: If there's one thing they have done consistently this season, it's taking care of business against teams they should beat in the Rose Garden., And they don't take time to figure out that it's simple math: Cutting taxes for corporations means either raising them for someone else, or making even more cuts to our incredible shrinking budget, which already underfunds schools, social services and other quality-of-life factors., Most protesters had left after the march ended about 2 p.m., but a small group of demonstrators blocked Broadway throughout the afternoon, and tensions rose further after dining tents were pitched in the corner of Civic Center., This gentle comedy is about two people facing the sort of ordinary challenges that can easily feel overwhelming, especially in a still-scary economy: unfulfilling work, limited job options, overdue bills., But I could glance at him only when he wasn't looking. I felt shy — unusual for me, but the feeling persisted even as time went by., Is there a simple solution?, Funk then calmly tapped in and thrust his arms in the air, and Sharon was the first person to run onto the green and hug him., Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney’s campaign was unimpressed by Biden's hard stance on Iran, quickly releasing a statement focusing on the vice president's comments that "when we took office ... there was virtually no international pressure on Iran. We were the problem.", "In the spirit of the recent commitment made by Mr. Toyoda that our company will review all safety issues and potential safety issues with renewed vigor, we will be re-examining these complaints," it said of reports of sudden acceleration., But this is a clear victory for the Buckeye Bullet., "We dodged a bullet there," said Wedge., "I only let them read it if it gets an award," said the 16-year-old junior at Mehlville High School. Lucky for her parents, and for Marlee, her short story "Sonata in the Key of Bea" recently received a gold medal for the Alliance for Young Artists and Writers' National Scholastic Art and Writing Awards. The award recognized her story as one of the best student literary works in the country. She also received the American Voices Medal, which declared her story the best submission from the Midwest., The Heat kept command of the game early in the third quarter, extending their lead to 11 points on a Chris Bosh jumper with 8:43 remaining. Stoudemire, however, rattled off five straight points before an Anthony layup cut the Heat lead to four at 51-47, and Smith's three made it 51-50. After a Bosh free throw extended Miami's lead to two, Anthony drained another jumper to tie the game with 4:30 left in the third, and he put the Knicks ahead with a three-point play. The re-energized Knicks continued to battle the Heat for the remainder of the period, and went into the fourth quarter leading 64-61., The winter-run steelhead, spring chinook salmon and summer steelhead are endangered species, listed for protection under the federal Endangered Species Act., Today's young adults also value the amenities at Mom and Dad's. While boomers placed a high value on independence and were willing to live like paupers, "Young adults today are more willing to sacrifice independence in exchange for material comforts," said Katherine Newman, dean of arts and sciences at Johns Hopkins University and author of the forthcoming book "The Accordion Family.", Style: A fire cracklin', deep winter red., DeBernardo says support among churchgoing Catholics for lesbian and gay church members is growing. He predicts that the issue will go the way of artificial birth control, which is prohibited by the church but practiced widely by Catholics., Aldridge said many on the team blew him off and ignored his message because, as the franchise player, he was getting all the playing time he wanted, all the shots he wanted., "The economy is firmly on a growth trajectory," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University's Smith School of Business. "The first-quarter slowdown will be temporary.", Credits: I don’t really get the sour grapes I was hoping for, although Matt does think that he was voted out because he was a threat, instead of because he’s an annoying jerk., 35307 Griswald St., $67,000, At the World Equestrian Games last year and the World Dressage Masters this year, two Grand Prix dressage riders were stopped and eliminated when a judge spotted evidence of blood in their horses' saliva., "I appreciate Gov. Kasich keeping one of his campaign promises to operate the governor's office the way he operated Lehman Brothers," Redfern said. "He's showing little regard for these public dollars being spent, especially in this tough economy. He did promise us a bumpy ride and, alas, four days in, that is what we are getting.", What do you appreciate most about how this company supports work/life balance?, DO call 911 or get to an emergency room immediately., The Obama administration filed suit today against Arizona's landmark immigration law, alleging it was unconstitutional and a U.S. District Court judge should keep it from going into effect July 29., Protesters relocated to the sidewalks and parking lot outside the capital's Salmanyah Hospital, where bodies and injured have been sent. After nightfall, hundreds of people took over the parking lot outside the hospital's emergency building,marching, repeating prayers for the dead and chanting slogans against the ruling family., The victim's girlfriend told detectives she heard him speaking with two men just before the shooting., "I cleared it (5-2) three times, and we still don't know what hit the bar," Fisher said of her near-misses on Friday. "Every time I landed on the mat, I looked back and the bar was falling."Flyers coach Tom Gose thought his team had a pretty good day, but he said O'Fallon was just competing at another level., Good day ...some quick Cardinal hits on this beautiful Tuesday morning., "And the presence of an underground economy makes the seduction of these young people easier. It's high risk. They don't live long. . . . But gangs have, for some, become alternative families. The loss of the family unit is as troublesome as the decline of public education, as important as the loss of jobs in this region.", Dozens of vendors will line seven blocks of North Union Avenue on Sunday, selling food, crafts and services. Bands will perform live music in one of the street’s plazas, while patrons can walk past classic cars lining the street and go on carnival rides., oCoach Barry Trotz leveled some of his most pointed criticism at his defensemen following Game 2. He didn't back away on Monday, expanding on what he described as their "light" play., Prior to Saturday, the program's best finish at state was fifth., The Toms River residents were last seen operating the four- to five-foot boat around 4:30 p.m. at the edge of the pond here., As yet, that's not quite the same as going down with the ship. But A&M's departure would make the demise that much closer., And making sure drug stores are not selling cold medicine over the counter bought this week that expired in January?, The young woman actually had been Fastsigns International president and CEO Catherine Monson in an age-defying disguise that included a long wig and glasses., Putting lights on a multi-outlet timer on a stake is another good option. The stake lifts the plugs off of the ground to protect against moisture, Hanneman says., Dec. 9 Dallas, 1:00, Under its two current deals with City Hall, Windy City Electric has been paid more than $10 million over the past five years., But as prosecutors make their case in front of a jury, new details emerge -- names, more information about how a scheme may have worked and glimpses into possible new schemes yet to be revealed. Here is some of the new information divulged during the first two days of trial:, In a court document filed in late 1995 that he also sent to politicians, Ross asked: "What do you want me to do to get you (to) fulfill your sworn duties and address my problems?, "He can't run from this," she said. "He did a good thing, so don't overshadow it by a bad thing.", 3 p.m. Paris-Nice, stage 7 (tape) NBCSN, “Tennessee did nothing wrong,” Craft said. “I really enjoyed the school, but it was too far away. My family has come to every home game. I wouldn’t think of going to college without that support system so close. I was very fortunate that Ohio State came along and I’ve been enjoying it ever since.”, "It's definitely good if the district is relying less on out-of-school suspensions, which do not improve behavior or reduce school violence," said David Lapp, a lawyer with the nonprofit Education Law Center. "But suspensions are still disproportionately overused.", Fara Heath, owner of Sound Roots in North Portland, doesn't think social buying sites are perfect. Still, she wouldn't want customers to abandon them because they think businesses might be hurt by such deals., Personal story: "At the beginning of my junior year, I sustained a major knee injury requiring surgery. I missed my entire junior football season. The first surgery was unsuccessful and I had to have a second surgery. This caused me to miss my junior baseball season and also my senior football season. Finally, I was able to return to the field for my senior baseball season after 18 months of rehab.", Support meeting Spanish-speaking group for family members of an adult or teen with a mental illness meets from 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. Friday, June 24, at Wilde Lake Interfaith Center, 10431 Twin Rivers Road, Columbia. Free. Information: 410-772-9300., MULLICA HILL — Holy Week services at St. Stephen’s Episcopal Church, 51 N. Main St., Mullica Hill:, "This begs the question, knowing what we know now: Would he have even been confirmed?" he said in a statement., Winberg, 67, a retiree from Sundbyberg outside Stockholm, said she met interesting people, “like that guy Blix,” a reference to former chief U.N. weapons inspector Hans Blix., Couples ranging in age from their 30s to 70s in dressy attire sat at white-tableclothed four-tops set for dinner service, one pair sneaking a kiss over the soup course. It seems like the thing to do in here., How he got the job: "The moment he came in through the door, we knew we had found our Moe," says filmmaker Peter Farrelly. "The studio was like, 'Chris who?' In fact, he has a rather impressive résumé, but it was all Broadway. But we were determined he was the guy.", The fast-moving, fire also destroyed the long-shuttered Nardine's Restaurant which occupied the first floor of the building at 97 Jackson St., near First Street., Initially Pressman wanted the second type of fry on the menu to be a sweet potato fry, but Silverton says that they quickly realized they had never had a sweet potato fry that they really liked. In the process of searching for an alternative, Silverton gained inspiration from two New York restaurants, Jonathan Waxman's Barbuto and April Bloomfield's the Breslin, both of which feature broken and fried potato chunks. Waxman's are peeled and served with roast chicken, and Bloomfield's are cooked in duck fat., of laws or misappropriations of funds that may have occurred,", Bob Feller has more wins (5) than any other Indians' pitcher in home openers, recording victories in 1931, 1939, 1948, 1951 and 1952., LAKEWOOD 5, CHATFIELD 2, 2. Baylor (38-8), so wide, and my boat is so small." When you think about that prayer as an individual, it makes perfect sense. We often do feel like very fragile vessels in a very large and threatening ocean. There are so many forces over which we have no control. The forces of sin and death, broadly speaking, and also all the myriad ways they manifest themselves in daily life-broken relationships, fears about money and security, anxiety around issues of health and wholeness, or lack thereof, not to mention ongoing systems of injustice and oppression., The overreaching goal — to allow these injured vets to move and feel again — keeps Bensmaia and his team at work late, spending hours in surgery outfitting Rhesus monkeys with electrodes and building highly specialized machines that can actually perform the touch experiments., The Biltmore "was sitting there almost empty and in very bad condition, but Gene was able to see what it could be," said Joseph Woodard, who was president of the Los Angeles Convention and Visitors Bureau when Summers and Lambert acquired the hotel; he later became the Biltmore's president. "He was also an exceptionally talented architect. He supervised every aspect of the work personally, from the design and construction to picking out the soap.", For the vodka sauce: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper, stirring until both are fragrant, about 2-3 minutes. Meanwhile, put tomatoes with their juice into a blender or food processor. Pulse quickly 2-3 times, until tomatoes are slightly chopped. Add tomatoes and vodka to pan, and bring to a boil. Turn heat to medium-low, and simmer for about 8-10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cream. Season to taste with salt and pepper., At 1 a.m. recently, he got a tip that thieves had lifted grease from a Chinese restaurant in Old Bridge, N.J. He staked out a container behind a Chinese restaurant across the road. "I figured they'd try to hit the location on their way back," he says., "Christmas", he explained to me, "is a day to refocus on the teachings of Jesus and to recommit to a process of personal, spiritual rebirth. Every birth is a miracle," he said, "and if we look inside the miracle, we can connect with the mystery we call God and experience the oneness with all creation." The birth we celebrate on Christmas, for Rev. Plummer, is the rebirth of the God within us., Cherney and Bari sued FBI agents and Oakland police officers for what they said was a frame job. They won, and Bari's estate and Cherney eventually received a total of $4 million., The largest state worker union, the Communication Workers of America, is in negotiations with the administration., Skala, with four grandchildren, is part of a force that's older, more experienced and more proportionately female than other service branches: The Reserve is populated by professionals at midlife and mid-career, many of them grandparents like her., Chu has been a strong promoter of alternative energy and will commend the Solar Phoenix program for being a national model for rolling out more rooftop solar power, according to an event invitation., In a testament to her international appeal, some 600 contemporary artists — from as far as the U.S., Japan and Russia — have made portraits of Joan of Arc through the ages that will be projected on the City Hall this Friday., Lananna said Wheating's injury has been diagnosed definitively as a slight tear in his soleus, a muscle in the calf., For now, though, it's a hotel learning that the stuff of great family vacations is, in fact, kid stuff., - A predawn fire swept through a drug rehabilitation center in a town on Lima's outskirts Saturday, killing 14 people in the second blaze in Peru this year to claim the lives of addicts trapped behind locked doors in a private treatment residence., oFor someone who always demanded excellence from others, it was time to let go after she had trouble this season diagramming plays and being "coach." But not before she had a heart-to-heart with her son., Dear Margo: I recently was baptized and joined the Mormon Church. I really enjoy my new "family" except for one person: the bishop. This feeling is taboo because people act like he walks on water. I say he is just a man appointed to a position. This man didn't like me the minute he met me. When I started at this church, I was in crisis, and I told a couple of people about it. They said go to the bishop. He turned me down flat-out and said, "We don't help people financially." That was a bald-faced lie, and I knew it. The excuses I got were that I was not a member yet, that he was stressed, blah, blah, blah. As time progressed, my problem became worse. Again, I was turned down, and he didn't even call me by the right name. I corrected him twice about my name, and he still got it wrong, which was proof to me that he was doing it on purpose. Do you think I am making something out of nothing? And to whom do I go to let someone know about this person? I think he treats me badly because I am disabled. (I think this because there are other disabled people who also dislike him.) — Disillusioned, Mannion throws for 200: Mannion’s 30 attempts were the fewest since the season opener, when he played the second half against Sacramento State., This academic year in athletics has been the most amazing in the school’s history., Illinois' Class of 2011 posted the highest average ACT score in a decade — 20.9 — but the performance fell below the national average and most graduates left high school unprepared for key college classes, data released Wednesday show., Smith is described on his letterhead as a disabled veteran. The Navy Veterans said he had rejoined U.S. armed forces on active duty, and his whereabouts were unknown., CVS decides on a store-by-store basis where to roll out its increased food offerings, which include everything from coffee to boxed goods such as Hamburger Helper, said company spokesman Mike DeAngelis., Function: Provide ship-based intelligence gathering, Of course, things may not go well. The factors that wiped out the American burying beetles are still out there and landowners near the reintroduction site will not be required to change any of their land management or agricultural practices., The newest standout Broncos running back so far has been Correll Buckhalter, a free-agent signing who arrived after eight seasons in Philadelphia., This year, state lawmakers, corporations, hospitals, media partners and many residents in New Jersey will be unified in their support of Blue and Green Day. They will be attending or hosting events at designated businesses, motor vehicle agencies, hospitals, municipalities and public meeting spaces. Participants are encouraged to partner with local restaurants, malls, media and community organizations to help spread awareness about organ and tissue donation and transplantation., To Mizzou athletics director Mike Alden, it was reliving "a tragic experience in your life." Alden had been a freshman football player at Evansville when the school's entire basketball program was killed in a plane crash., First, many of us enjoy sitting. In fact, we prefer sitting to standing. Lying down might be even better, but it is less socially acceptable. The last time I laid down in the office, somebody tweeted about it. Like I had a problem. "I wonder what he had for lunch...", Hallman said mayors must use their offices as "bully pulpits to inform our electorate, when making decisions on who should be governor, when making decisions on who should be legislators, you've got to understand that it's more complicated than some bumper sticker. Because that bumper-sticker stuff is killing us.", Unless you're cruising Prince William Sound or the Weddell Sea, it's likely you'll run into beaches and snorkeling trips. So how do you keep valuables (including watch, ID and ship-board card key) safe while in the water? The Wet Safe by Design Go is a fanny pack built like a diver's dry bag, including the same roll construction and a zip-like seal. It's big enough to hold a wallet, a cell phone and an iPod, but that's a lot of gear to trust to a rubber bag. In a bathtub test, it kept my cell phone dry after 20 minutes submerged., But then one day she impulsively plants a kiss on a subordinate from Stockholm named Markus (Francois Damiens). He's a balding, bearded galoot who is virtually invisible to his co-workers, but in a postkiss fantasy sequence that recalls "(500) Days of Summer," the ugly duckling becomes a Swedish swan., "I think every physician involved with head trauma worries," says Dr. Greg Skaggs, the Ducks' director of athletic medicine. "We worry, are we doing the right things, are we giving the right tests, are we returning them to athletic contest at the right time ... There's a ton that's not known about concussions.", "We too easily assume that our available recollections are truly representative of the larger pool of events that exist," wrote Max Bazerman and Don Moore in the book Judgment in Managerial Decision Making. (Hattip to Vikram Mansharamani's book Boombustology)., Count Svingen and other grateful parents — and their kids — among those around the world to bid Sendak a fond farewell Tuesday, when he died in Danbury, Conn., at age 83. Many devoured his books as children themselves., A Rivals.com three-star prospect rated among the top 150 players in the nation, Cassell Jr. told his teammates-to-be just that Friday night, but he managed to bluff his way to the pre-game announcement. As Mitchell (seven points) and Cleare (14 points) proudly wore their postgraduate destinations across their chests throughout layup lines, Cassell Jr. donned a black T-shirt bearing the name of Notre Dame Prep, his Fitchburg, Mass., prep school., 36th District Court Magistrate Sidney Barthwell Jr. entered a not guilty plea on his Gomillion<U+0092>s behalf and scheduled a preliminary examination for March 16. Bond was set at $500,000 cash or surety., David Eisenhauer, spokesman for PG&E, said the company was reviewing the decision and giving it "the full attention it deserves.", “We are delighted to display Dianna Strom’s beautiful floral paintings and fabrics,” said Freeholder Bette Jane Kowalski, liaison to the Union County Cultural and Heritage Programs Advisory Board. “I have had the pleasure of viewing Dianna’s creations a number of times in recent years. The quality of her work is well known in this area, and we are very glad to present it at the Pearl Street Gallery.”, November wholesale gas prices fell because the amount of gas stored across the nation for winter use has continued to increase steadily despite the onset of cold weather., "If we just all sit in our own places, we're probably not going to advance the ball very much," he said., Senate Republicans joined forces to kill a bill that would extend unemployment benefits to jobless Americans. As a result, more than 200,000 people a week will stop receiving help to support their families., Pharmacists say they are under more pressure than ever, processing in some cases 400 or 500 prescriptions a day. It's easy to make a mistake, especially because drugs are stocked in alphabetical order., "While we understand that such neutral site games could be quite lucrative, we think the series should be continued as it is, home and home," Glass said. "Playing on campus enables our students to attend these marquee games which we believe is a great component of the overall college experience., "I'm in an outcome mode," the mayor said last week., Shortly after being hired about a decade ago to up the ante of musical talent offered at the Orange County Fair's summer concert series in Costa Mesa, veteran talent buyer Ken Phebus rolled out his schedule for the fair's board. But one of the performers on the list was given a thumbs-down., California Republican Party Chief Operating Officer Brent Lowder, however, accused Brown of taking that practice to new partisan heights., When showing your tattoo to people, do you ever make whale sounds? I truly believe that would be essential., As a caterer, Wilczynski prides herself on having a wide repertoire of dishes, and it shows in her menu. In these still strained economic times, she also offers a variety of prices, from sandwiches to specials to entrees., And if the first set, which Moss won easily, was an eye opener, the second set was more of a learning experience. Terakawa began to mix up her shot selection, breaking some of Moss' rhythm., Kansas City has won just seven games in a season that started with Detroit projected as a strong favorite to win the AL Central., We need to be careful to distinguish how people respond to fear mongering and who is spreading the fears. If we ask why so many of us are losing sleep over dangers that are very small or unlikely, it's almost always because someone or some group is profiting or trying to profit by either selling us a product, scaring us into voting for them or against their opponent or enticing us to watch their TV program., UPDATED: 6:18 p.m., Another reason is to see what insights and conclusions blossom as a result of teaming up professional environmental consultants, state wildlife authorities, university ecologists and students to wade through swamp, hike across meadows of saw palmetto and venture into the night in search of frogs., "We now have some very strict issues that are going to have to be addressed before the Postal Service can just summarily, with the stroke of a pen, shut down institutions in communities that are way more important than bricks and mortar," McCaskill, D-Mo., said after the vote., The Lions also posted their first-ever perfect (16-0-0) record in the Central States Collegiate Hockey League, which is one of the conferences that falls under the ACHA umbrella. In addition, Lindenwood won the CSCHL regular-season and postseason tournament titles in the same season for the first time., Meanwhile, a separate committee headed by UC Berkeley law school Dean Christopher Edley is looking at wider issues about how campuses should react to future student protests. That group's recommendations are expected to be released in the next month or two, officials said., "Track has really improved in the past few years. You don't have to buy a big section with large lights; there are many smaller, attractive options," he says., Another priority is making sure her family and friends know she appreciates them., “We hope you can help.’’, The sour economy also meant considerably less money for the museum’s day-to-day operations, Price said., CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Bill Livingston's quick analysis of the 2012 NCAA Tournament field., Our sports teams either squat in pathetic muck all season long or take us to the brink of glory before smashing our hopes into tiny shards of tear-shaped glass. We once cornered the airplane-building market but let it go because well, people flying in airplanes, that will never last. We let Seattle have it., A week ago, when the Blazers were mired in their six-game losing streak, this matchup had uh-oh written all over it. Now, McMillan admits he is excited and intrigued to see how the Blazers (12-11) handle the Spurs., A preliminary examination was waived Friday for Leo Kwaske, who will stand trial in the murder of Shirley Meeks, a 59-year-old neighbor whose beheaded body was found Oct. 15 in her apartment. Her head also was found., A quick look at regional seeds for area squads:, The Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife and others have been planting juvenile fish in upper basin waterways like the Metolius and Crooked rivers in anticipation of the completion of the tower, which is designed to correct the currents in the lake that confuse fish on their way downstream to the ocean, where they mature before returning to their birth rivers to spawn., "We've been through a 10-year period where stocks have returned almost nothing. So investors are wisely paying attention to what they're paying for their investments.", MCPc, a provider of tech products and support services, will move in June to The Plain Dealer's office building at 1801 Superior Ave. The growing company, which is running out of room, wants to be centrally situated for customers., "The film screams 'Clearwater,' so we're going to make the most of it," he says, noting that Warner Bros. is spending $50 million to promote the film., <U+0093>Is this much stuff really happening in the world?<U+0094>, To cook the empanadas, pour the oil into a large stockpot over medium-high. Heat until it reaches 350 F (use a candy or deep-fry thermometer to monitor the temperature). Line a baking sheet with paper towels., His only blemish on the day was allowing a sacrifice fly to David Murphy in the fourth, for a 1-0 Rangers lead., From the San Juan Gate, you can proceed south along the walkway but it is not part of the designated El Paseo del Morro. It will take you to the Raices Fountain and the wide boulevard of the Paseo de la Princesa. You will even find an alcove in the wall that is filled with giant artistic spikes that rise into the sky. The Paseo de la Princesa is a tree-lined, restored 19th-century esplanade by the harbor., There are numerous apps for cities where cruises embark, stop in port or end. Search iTunes for "Los Angeles," "Miami," "New Orleans" or "New York City," and you'll have dozens of choices. Here are just a few of the free apps., Nick Clements hosts an evening of up-and-coming Portland comedians including Dax Jordan, Luke Clements, Ahmed Bariska, Joseph P. Larkin and others., In separate court appearances in Hampshire Superior Court, Sean Mulveyhill and Kayla Narey, now both 18, each admitted to a misdemeanor charge of criminal harassment., The half-dozen pastas include a few classics - spaghetti with seafood sauce ($18) and penne with pork Bolognese ($17) - and a soulful linguine with a meat sauce that you couldn't mistake for anything other than lamb, brightened with English peas and ricotta salata ($17)., The Caprice may be a great police car, but Chevrolet needs eye-catching looks, more comfort and features like hands-free phone capability if it wants to build a top-flight personal-use sport sedan., "Right now we're going forward with the investigation," Henry Dunphy, petty officer with the Coast Guard, said Monday., Those facilities include the 57-year-old municipal center, which also houses the fire and police departments, at 9473 Olive Blvd., the community center in Warson Park at 9723 Grandview Drive, and the 5,000-square-foot public services building at 1200 North Price Road., There are only four mechanical buttons on the device, all Lumia and they're all lined up on the edge of the Lumia to the right of the screen. The bad news: they're unlabeled, and they're identical. It's easy to suss that the two that are buttressed together are the volume buttons. But every time I wanted to wake the phone I'd guess incorrectly and press the camera shutter instead. This problem went away when I asked myself "Which of these four buttons happens to fall under my dominant finger when I hold it?", "People are a lot more savvy about buying foreclosures today than they were in 2008," Humphries said., As he thumbed through its pages, Schmidt struggled to find any blank spaces. Nearly every hour of every day was marked with an appointment, meeting or event tied to the Rutgers University campus where Pamela had gained acceptance to a prestigious master’s program just days before she was found dead in a Cranford basement., "I have shown it to everyone by the way," she added., "It's abstinence-based, but realistic about what can come from unprotected sex," said Beth Horner, assistant superintendent of Columbia schools. Area administrators said parents are notified in advance of sex education programs, and have the right to review lesson materials and can elect to have their child excused from lessons. This right remains protected under the new bill., Many analysts say Verizon could sell more iPhones in the U.S. than AT&T this year, given pent-up demand from customers not wanting to switch to AT&T., - The no-conviction conviction. Also known as a suspended imposition of sentence, or SIS, a person admits to driving drunk but is put on probation without technically being convicted. Once the probation is over, the DWI charge is dropped and the case vanishes from public view., Prior to becoming president of Thomas Jefferson, Barchi served as provost of the University of Pennsylvania., "The conservative word for 'A Chorus Line' might be tremendous, or perhaps terrific," he wrote in his May 22, 1975, review of the show, which was first presented by Joseph Papp's Public Theater before moving to Broadway. Michael Bennett's "choreography and direction burn up superlatives as if they were inflammable. In no way could it have been better done.", “I can't say it was an emotional moment for me,” he said. “I know it's a little tougher for the family, always is tougher for the family.... They’re the ones that bear the brunt. You're out there in the arena and your adrenaline's flowing -- you're getting hit and hitting back, and you're sort of going back and forth. It’s different than being on the sidelines and seeing the people, the person that you love, getting hit. It hurts more. And so it was a little tougher for Karen and the kids. They did an amazing job as they always have in standing behind me in every sense of the word.", A New Jersey grand jury has indicted a California man accused of fatally shooting his estranged wife and two bystanders in a Clifton church in November., "I felt uncomfortable for a while," he said. "But it gave me a chance to be a lot more creative on offense.", No rocket science here. Just nix sodas and sweet drinks (including chocolate milk), as well as other top-sugar sources like honey and other syrups (especially high fructose corn syrup), baked goods, sweet snacks and that small-fry stand-by: juice boxes., A British coroner ruled Wednesday that another person was likely involved in Gareth Williams' death _ a finding that puts more pressure police to uncover the cyberwarfare expert's killer and continue to investigate possibilities that include whether he could have died in a sex game gone awry or in a more sinister scenario that involved his counterterrorism work., As a lame-duck senator, Kyl said he intends to help take the lead on issues such as entitlement reform and tax-code reform. He also has one last Arizona water-rights settlement that he hopes he will have time to complete before he leaves office., The Knicks should feel lucky he didn’t get either gig. Because few guys are as well equipped between the ears to deal with the noise that is endemic to a New York spring., Philips slumped to a second quarter net loss of €1.34 billion ($1.9 billion) from a net profit of €259 million a year earlier, while sales in the three months to the end of June fell to €5.21 billion from €5.35 billion., Hanke, who has advised governments around the world on managing their currencies, argued that Greece appears bound to collapse under its debts as its economy shrinks. "Greece is doomed," he said., Shortly after Maxwell's arrival, Ashlee could hardly contain her excitement., 44 Marcus Rush DE 6-2 250 So. Jr. 1L Cincinnati, Ohio (Archbishop Moeller), Ruby arrived in horrible condition. She was completely emaciated, just skin and bones. Thanks to the loving care of her foster family, Ruby is more healthy and beautiful than we ever could have imagined. Ruby is a smart lady and has already learned the commands sit, lay down, lay down over there, paw, kennel up, and hugs. She is working on her loose leash walking too. Ruby gets along well with dogs, cats and even has met chickens and rabbits through a cage and is pretty much uninterested in them! Ruby adores children. She is nervous with men and her foster family is working to teach her that they are okay. Ruby appreciates it if a man leaves her alone at first and gives her a few minutes to warm up. It just takes her a bit of time! She has quickly learned to love and respect the man of the house in her foster home. Ruby would do well in a quieter home, as she is a quieter type of dog. Gentle corrections do the trick for Ruby, and a harsh correction would upset her feelings. Ruby is a true GEM and deserves a loving home! She will continue to stay in foster care learning and growing while she waits for the perfect family to find her!, Vanecko's lawyer, Marc Martin, declined to comment as he left court., St. Louis: Jessica P. Chamberlain, Valarie C. Frazier, Latosha A. Haney, Deanna L. Jones, Latonya R. Ming, Tramyra T. Nathan, Rosemary Ruffin, Charity J. Thompson, Mary Turner-Stockard., Even if he has valid points to his arguments, he gets paid millions of dollars to find a way to overcome his short comings. Instead he is doing what parents are teaching their kids NOT to do----blame others for your problems. Take responsibility for your actions!!!!.... Win or lose I will still root for them and Dwight!!!! Mike Forte, of Orlando., “I saw the ball in the air, and I didn’t even look out there,” Jacobs said. “The ball hit the ground, and it was all party time.”, By following these few simple tips, winter can be safe for everyone., The news caught some Big East schools off guard., This is about a story. A dark story. "Dark Passage" by David Goodis. It starts with a man. This is how it begins:, Personal story: "This past summer, I went to Costa Rica with a group of Spanish students from the high school. There were 20 students and three teachers. We went kayaking in Arenal Lake, swimming in the hot springs naturally heated by Arenal Volcano, zip-lining through the forests of Monteverde, horseback riding and hiking. Immersing ourselves in the culture and using the language with the locals was an experience I will never forget.", Well, for those who'll be at the NASCAR weekend June 15-17 at MIS, buckle your seatbelts. It's going to be fast, my friends., From the Bronx to Ireland and back again. That’s part of the history of the Donegal Saloon in Kearny, where you’ll occasionally find entertainment as well as a welcoming atmosphere., "I'm Mitt Romney and I believe in America. And I'm running for president of the United States," Romney said to cheers on a sunny farm here in Southern New Hampshire., Maplewood (2-2) takes on Marquette (2-1) at 4 p.m. Friday., 105 HIGHLAND PL $79,500, Figures released Wednesday by the state economist show that the region will have $235 million less to spend on transportation from a 10-year sales tax than experts thought they might under draft projections a year ago. That means the elected officials whittling down the region's proposed project list this summer will have even more cutting to do: With $22.9 billion in desired projects to choose from, they will have only $6.14 billion to spend on projects of regional significance., 480-730-1819. www.azdickenscarolers.com., The changing funeral circumstances thwarted many Jackson fans who had descended on the estate in the rolling hills near Santa Barbara with the hope of attending a public viewing., Down the road, domestic fuel rods, if reprocessed into plutonium, could provide Iran with a second avenue to produce nukes beyond its ongoing program., In addition to celebrating the graduates, tonight’s ceremony honored science teacher Nadia Makar, recipient of the college’s 2010 Heritage Award., Levenson said Christie would probably meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on his trip., Weekday trips averaged 18,100, Cruise Street, Since taking a college art class nine years earlier, I had hoped to see the Sistine Chapel for myself. A love of religion or art or history or just plain curiosity have drawn visitors to the Vatican City in Italy for more than a century. I came partly because of my Catholic upbringing but mostly because I wanted to see Michelangelo's masterpieces — the vault, or ceiling, and "Last Judgment," which combined took almost a decade of the artist's life to complete., A beautiful high-end shade on a Target lamp or an expensive, on-trend pillow on a plain Ikea sofa suddenly elevate an ordinary item and make it extraordinary., On the mound, UO's Jake Reed (2-2) pitched 7 1/3 shutout innings, scattering five hits while striking out four., Upon further review, the Tigers still lost to Texas, 3-2, in 11 innings Sunday, it was still a bad call, and the debate about the need for instant replay will continue., Henrique’s game-winner was fired between the legs of Jose Theodore, ending the Devils’ 10th-ever foray to double overtime, and giving them their fourth straight such victory., “We are now close to 70 percent of the people we traditionally serve,” said Rabner. “We’ve spent more than $3 million to improve intersections, including Harrison Street. About 150,000 cars go by daily (on Route 1), so traffic is moving. There is no evidence to suggest that a three-mile difference will put people at risk.”, She wasn't worried about losing her connection with her mother. "No, my mom is my best friend. She's the one I can count on to talk to.", Neeson is painfully and hysterically awful. You know that's going to happen. Yet the delicious irony is that by being so hysterically awful, Neeson demonstrates how wonderful he is at comedy. Somebody needs to give this guy the chance to do comedy., I'd like to say I have the kind of juice to demand an apology from David Letterman and make him issue one. But the truth is, pressure came at him from all sides (including, allegedly, his mother) to apologize for last week's joke about one of Sarah Palin's daughters getting "knocked up" during the seventh inning of a Yankee game., Over the past decade, Chicago has emerged as a global city with the ability to attract international business and trade. The city has consistently ranked among the top 10 but remains in the second tier behind the big contenders such as New York, London and Tokyo., The last two segments of "Walker Evans" may be the most interesting, simply because they deal with relatively little-known work from Evans' later years. As an editor at Fortune, Evans made thousands of images of the American scene, but these images -- unlike his earlier work -- were in color. And because they were intended for magazine use, Evans rarely made prints. As a result, this period is represented in the show by the actual magazines., Giving the lottery more flexibility in-house means the lottery and legislation can maintain some control over how the lottery expands., Letter writer Iver Mindel calls Social Security a "Ponzi scheme" because the scam invented by Charles Ponzi, for whom the fraud is named, collapsed when he could no longer find enough new investors to pay of his previous victims ("Ponzi would be jealous of Social Security," Sept. 15)., What's your favorite tool?, That is, carrying a concealed weapon -- whether by nuns, rabbis, classroom teachers, Little League coaches or that mouthy in-law who gets on your last nerve -- would be the "default" mode: You would assume that everyone whose path crossed yours each day packed heat in a pocket or purse. That might do more for etiquette than every column Miss Manners has ever published., T.C. Boyle, the novelist and USC professor, said Wannberg had a "sixth sense" for what he should be reading and always plied him with books when he visited Dutton's. Calling him "one of the true literary zealots," Boyle fondly recalled how Wannberg introduced him whenever he came to the store to launch a new work., LOT 75 @ CHARLESTOWNE $170,000, "Museums are today's temples, so going to a museum can be a reverential experience," says Elaine Sims, director of the University of Michigan Health System's Gifts of Art Program., And you know the world has changed when we can come together and actually begin to reform the pension and benefit system— in a nearly unanimous vote., The task force's draft statement recommends against screening for prostate-specific antigen, or PSA, for men with no symptoms of the disease. It says there is "convincing" evidence ..., Construction gained 500 jobs, seasonally adjusted, reaching 65,600, less than two-thirds of its peak in early 2007., Calcagni replaced Chiesa, who was not able to attend the event., Cardinals: SS Rafael Furcal (S), CF Jon Jay (L), 1B Albert Pujols (R), LF Matt Holliday (R), RF Lance Berkman (S), 3B David Freese (R), C Yadier Molina (R), 2B Nick Punto (S), RHP Chris Carpenter (11-9, 3.45, 2-0, 3.71)., Then he did what all MVP players do. He took over and carried a team that had hardly resembled the one that dominated the Knicks in Miami. He outscored the entire Knick team in the fourth, 17-14. Turned what started out as a miserable night into another win., "Is it a slam dunk that we're going to draft a big? No," Dumars said when asked if he prefers a big man. "Would we like to add another young big? Absolutely, but we'll see how it plays out.", Flanagan, who has spent the last week vacationing in Hawaii, said after her race that she barely checked her watch., C.R. Green, Uptown, Thursday: Devils, 4-3 (OT)., One person said that "14 is probably the right number" in terms of a basketball-only conference., Atmosphere: The newest dim sum spot on Millbrae's restaurant row, the Kitchen has merely functional decor (think live seafood tanks and menus that deck the walls), but it's nevertheless gleaming and clean. Servers walk around, calling out the names of their wares in Chinese, but are ready with an English translation when asked., Best Value Pick: Jones has experience in a West Coast offense like the Bengals employ and showed better-than-expected speed at the combine. He'll give Sanu a strong run in camp for to right to replace the outgoing Jerome Simpson in the starting lineup., "They have an impressive combination of commitment to the community, plus incentives" to boost quality and keep costs down, Nichols says., The Sacramento State-bound player has El Dorado off to an 11-0-1 start. Last year, he batted .343 and was 4-2 on the mound., In May of 2006, she joined daughter Charlotte's Westview High School team at the Mira Mesa/Rancho Penasquitos Relay for Life, a national American Cancer Society fundraising event held in various cities throughout the year. She remembers that her hair was just growing back in. She also remembers that she had no idea what she was getting herself into., Umenyiora's agent, Tony Agnone, wouldn't confirm his client's displeasure with Sheridan, saying via text message only it's "an internal matter between Osi and the team.", David Olney: With Sergio Webb, 8 p.m. The Ark, 316 S. Main, Ann Arbor. 734-761-1451. $15., After the diner stop, Romney rounded out his three-day New Hampshire bus tour with a stop at French’s Toy Store in Concord to pick up more than $200 worth of presents for a Manchester “Toys for Tots” drive. He and his wife, Ann Romney, also bought chocolate-covered cherries and Gummi bears at the Granite State Candy Shoppe, which has been in business near Concord’s Main Street since 1927., Spencer said a determining factor in the decision to acquire Jewsbury was the midfielder's voice on the field., They were meeting friends on the infield, but the still-sluggish economy kept the group from being larger., "I think I have heard probably eight different stories from eight different groups," Boniface told Craig, who made the unusual move of appearing before the council to discuss proposed legislation. "You have quite a task; there's no consensus whatsoever among everyone who's involved in fire and EMS in this county right now and I think it all stems back to the fear of the unknown.", • Landing lineman Arik Armstead is a big sign of the times for Oregon football -- Rob Moseley, Eugene Register-Guard: “Simply stated, this is a huge pickup for Oregon,” analyst Greg Biggins wrote for ESPN.com. “Recruiting elite defensive linemen has been the one area the Ducks have struggled in over the last few years, and in landing Armstead they’re getting a player who can make an early impact.” Helping Armstead in his bid for early playing time will be his intention to enroll at the university in time for spring practices in April. He also intends to play basketball in college, and UO coach Dana Altman was in contact with Armstead during his recruitment., A rail every 10 seconds, 360 an hour, 2,800 a shift. The parts dripped with oil that blackened long-sleeved shirts. Workers wore aprons or paid $2 a week for company uniforms., McIlroy won his first PGA Tour event at Quail Hollow in 2010 when he closed with a 62, the sign of big things to come. He shot 63 at St. Andrews that summer to tie the major championship record, then shattered the U.S. Open scoring record at Congressional last year to finish at 16-under 268., Casey Johnson, an heiress to the Johnson & Johnson fortune, the daughter of Jets owner Woody Johnson, and a flamboyant presence on the Hollywood social scene, was found dead earlier today in Los Angeles, TMZ.com reports., ALSO: Reports ion Microsoft Access 2010, 7-8:30 p.m. SATURDAY, Jan Avila-White stood in the shade of the Hang Seng Tower, a downtown Phoenix high-rise renamed for its new Chinese owners., Saturday night: Clear, with a low around 55., We talk to Patino about our options and opt to take a tour to the Mayan temples the following day for $45 apiece., Scott Thomas Olsen, 24, of Onalaska, Wisc., was admitted to Highland after he was hit on the head above his right eye during clashes with police, said hospital spokesman Curt Olsen., Done at 12:31: Half hour. Remarkably tight and coherent speech (it's not his usual way). But looking at the substance, much of this isn't soup yet. On pensions, Medicaid reform and tax loopholes -- the three big savings areas he's counting on, and which he's identified as urgent -- there were no numbers at all, but rather a vow to form working groups to come up with numbers., NEW YORK News that Spain had entered another recession renewed worries about the fragility of Europe's finances Monday and nudged stocks lower, with the market ending its first losing month this year., "I had never given any thought to my Jewish heritage other than the fact that I considered myself Jewish," Chalupski said., The district would not release information about the people who applied for the job. Craft said all are current or former superintendents., And Monday, at least, Fudge showed every sign of being a very fast learner. She shared the rostrum with her mother and her pastor. She talked about her efforts to help constituents avoid foreclosure or find work. She said she might not talk as much as some politicians, but that's because she's busy listening., Q: I’m just trying to figure out the timeline here. It sounds like last year was when you thought were promised a renegotiation but when you missed the ’08 season that threw it off. Is that right?, The huge fullback was referring to the play in which he stormed through the center of the line and raced 51 yards before he was brought down by Prokop. Motley had been dazed by the blow on the play before but signaled to his coach that he was all right., "You want it to be perfect," Mary Ellen Nossaman said. "You want it to be everything it can be.", Warplanes from the United States, Canada, Denmark arrived at Italian air bases today as part of an international military buildup. Germany backed the operation but isn't offering its own forces., “At the age of 10 (1935), I joined the World War I veterans in the Memorial Day parade., oAfter walking away from the residence, Wood was arrested a bit later. He was released on his own recognizance. He qualified to be released on an I-bond signature., Shares of Bank of America rose 23 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $16.44 in afternoon trading., The funeral home wants $700 up-front to cremate Ashley. Barbara, World Peace didn<U+0092>t speak to the media after the Lakers<U+0092> practice today, heading to the locker room at the moment media members entered the gym at the Lakers<U+0092> training complex. But Kobe Bryant acknowledged the obvious problem for the Lakers, who lose a starter and their defensive stopper right before the postseason., .... 5 Tap It In (J Steiner)4, This time, Crosby was wrong., WORLDLY AFFAIRS, "If my son could give to his country, I could, too,'' McNerney said., Sri Lankan officials say the resolution is unwarranted interference in the country's internal affairs. They say Sri Lanka is conducting its own probe of war atrocities and should be left alone to conduct this review., Whether Lyon has to run in the June primary is up to an appellate court, which could allow him to bypass the primary and appear on the November general election ballot as the GOP candidate for the remaining two years of the freeholder term., Icahn said his company, Icahn Enterprises, holds a “relatively small position” in LightSquared, with a debt investment of about $120 million., The Vikings have pursued a stadium subsidy for more than a decade, and no longer have a lease binding them to the Metrodome. Other cities coveting a new NFL franchise have watched closely., That said, I do know the power of transformative spaces, and sampling a Wright home would probably give a great deal more insight into the question., McCormac told the student that three minutes was only a start., Dillard, you may recall, almost was the Republican nominee for governor against Pat Quinn but lost the 2010 primary by a tiny margin to state Sen. Bill Brady, a Downstate conservative., In the face of mounting resistance from Republican state leaders and other critics, the Obama administration moved Monday to ease development of state-based insurance exchanges, a key feature of the new healthcare law., Presentation skills give you an edge. "What really differentiates people is the ability, the skill to engage other people," said James Chang, director of career services for the Lundquist College of Business at the University of Oregon., The best Turkish buses have upholstered seats with individual TV screens and headphones. Attendants in bow ties bring around squirts of cologne and mints, followed by coffee, tea and soft drinks., in the Class 3 quarterfinals with a win over Hazelwood West., Reese recently told a community group that he wants his officers to have a better relationship with social workers than they have with jailers., It's not a trip to the moon. It's not even manned spaceflight. But it is a rocket launch from Cape Canaveral, and it's not insignificant. So if you want a front-row seat to witness one giant leap for private business, then you'll want to make your way over to Cape Canaveral for the launch of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket and its Dragon spacecraft., Pix Patisserie: From a Francophile patisserie comes a hot chocolate that is positively Ooh La La (and still flowing after midnight on weekends). The creamy "Coco Chanel" -- with just the right amount of sweet and rich -- is the little black dress of hot cocoas: tasteful, elegant and perfect for any occasion ($2.25). But the chocolat chaud ($5) is the mink of drinks: plush, velvety and rich. This is true European-style drinking chocolate, more indulgent than intense, and so thick you can almost eat with a spoon. 3402 S.E. Division St., 503-232-4407; 3901 N. Williams Ave.; 503-282-6539; open daily; www.pixpatisserie.com, The Colorado Supreme Court recently ruled in favor of two 527 groups — the Senate Majority Fund and the Colorado Leadership Fund — that had paid for ads supporting Republicans in the 2008 election., Hillsboro School District's Mariachi Band, a group made up of sixth- to 12th-grade musicians, performed for an appreciative crowd of parents and friends. The group formed last school year., The hike starts in Kaibab limestone, and the stark white walls of the wash, weathered smooth from floods, narrow in no time. The canyon floor jumps down pour-offs, where wet-weather pools might still remain., Both new foreclosure filings and foreclosure auctions sales were down during the first four months of the year when compared to the same period last year, the Colorado Division of Housing said Wednesday., "There's those moments of fear where you think, 'Oh, is this going to define me? Is this a 'Scarlet Letter' type of moment?'" he said. "I had this really great five-year run around 2005: Every DJ in the world is singing your praises and playing your clips on the 5 o'clock funnies. And now, the pendulum has swung., The only difference is rest of his teammates won't face an NBA Development League opponent -- although the Washington Wizards qualify as a reasonable facsimile., REPORT - SPECIFY:, Heidi Shierholz, labor market economists at the Economic Policy Institute in Washington, D.C., explained how joblessness can affect a broader swatch of the population than it appears., What a joke - Rams and the Cardinals. All you people all these years wasting your money parking, tailgating, buying food. I've bought new cars, gone on vacations. I've done everything. I've never been down there for 15 or 20 years wasting my money. I sit right here and watch it for free., It's not that he's a burned-out doctor, it's just that he wants every patient to have the kind of care he tried to provide in his practice in Philadelphia's Mount Airy section., "You always learn something playing alongside Jose Maria as he is one of the short-game masters," Lawrie said. "I've played with him many times before so I am looking forward to the next two days.", The pair allegedly have had a 10-year-affair (go ahead, do the math, shudder, and get back to me). Which is allegedly why Freeman's wife filed for divorce., Viterra said Monday "it is in exclusive discussions with a third party regarding the possible acquisition of Viterra." Though the company didn't name the third party, people familiar with the matter said it is Glencore. The exclusivity period is short and the two sides are aiming to announce a ..., "I guess they're ignoring me," the Newburgh Heights woman told Road Rant., <U+0095> Billy Casino, 143-yard 12th hole at Morgan Creek, 7-iron, 5. Trespassing. Reported 1:20 a.m. April 12 in the 1300 block of Lakeshore Drive. Responding to a call about a possible car break-in, officers found a subject underneath a car who admitted attempting to enter his girlfriend's vehicle so he could sleep there until she returned home. Because he could not get into the car, he decided to sleep under it instead. The suspect was advised to leave the apartment complex and not return, but he did return about two hours later. He was arrested for trespassing., Sen. Kevin Bacon, a Columbus-area Republican who was instrumental in passing the law, acknowledged parts of the bill could be reintroduced next year if the referendum succeeds and the law is overturned., "If you come out and you’re sloppy and you’re lazy and you don’t close the ball down, you’re going to get punished," Spencer said., Said Henry: "We had to go deeper. We backed off. It helped out a lot.", Hydrangea quercifolia "Pee Wee", Booker pointed to a new Panasonic office tower, two hotels, housing and a slew of factories and distribution centers that constitute $700 million in economic development over the last year., Last summer, two people drowned in the Meramec River near the same spot at Castlewood State Park. Three others died in 2011 at other points on the Meramec. In 2006, five members of a church youth group drowned at the treacherous section of the river at Castlewood., Alcohol in moderation has its advocates. Certainly, there is one time it really is good for what ails you. That would be from 5:30 to 9:30 p.m. Thursday at the John S. Knight Center, 77 East Mill St., Akron. That is the time and date for one of Akron's best wine and food events, "Red & White on Thursday Night." And this is the part that's good for you: It's a fund-raiser for the Northeastern Ohio Chapter of the Arthritis Foundation. More than 20 restaurants will offer food, and a half-dozen distributors will showcase more than 80 wines from wineries around the globe. General-admission tickets are $75. VIP passes are $125. Call 216-831-7000, Ext. 113, or go to www.arthritis.org/chapters/northeastern-ohio. Parking is free in the deck across the street., Stylish La Pergola is a perfect fit for affluent Millburn. Those who value graciousness above bargains will feel at home behind the arched windows, with sheer curtains artfully draped to give both a view and a feeling of exclusivity., The signatories of Tuesday's letter included directors of One in Four, an Irish counseling service founded by abuse victims of Catholic priests, and Marie Collins, who was raped by a priest in a Dublin children's hospital in 1960. She reported the abuse in 1995 - when she discovered that the archdiocese had already known about the priest's sexual interest in children for the previous three decades but kept transferring him to new parishes regardless., He also obviously does not care that these illegal immigrants depress wages and enable employers to pay less than a decent American wage. He does not care that many legal Americans are out of work. He does not care that these illegal immigrants are selfishly jumping the line by breaking our immigration laws and thus give disadvantage to all who patiently wait in their home country for permission to enter. And he does not care that the message this misguided bill sends is that breaking our laws is rewarded., After the cameras stop rolling, Armisen, Brownstein, Krisel and MacLachlan cross the street and sit down for lunch -- and questions from reporters. The show's effect on even non-Portlanders is indicated by the presence of Margaret Talbot, who's working on a story about the show for an upcoming issue of the New Yorker magazine., Three Romney advisers spent two days at an annual state party gathering in Arizona last week to start laying the groundwork for the effort. Longtime Romney confidante Ron Kaufman, also an RNC member, organized that effort and will continue to serve in such a role., Perhaps more critical is the appearance in Northwest forests of the barred owl, a larger, more aggressive bird that takes over spotted owl territory. It "throws a big monkey wrench into everything" and may negate habitat work, Forsman says., Despite the waters reopening, many fishermen distrust state wildlife officials and may be reluctant to head out right away, said Patrick Hue, 49, a shrimper out of Buras., August will soon be here, and I need to start my planning. I'm hoping that you might have suggestions for movies that might be useful. What movies have you seen recently? Post your suggestions here, and please pass the popcorn., Their clients included major oil and commodity companies. They built marine docks to load and unload barges. They laid power cables under the river and pipelines to carry petroleum products and natural gas., Nonprofit watchdogs, however, said that just because the practice was legal doesn't mean it's a good way to do business. Allowing board members to bid on agency work is fraught with problems because those board members, by virtue of their position, have access to information other bidders won't have., This they know: Baby Ann, despite her deceptively sweet name and husky contralto, could do it in a heartbeat., Standing on a glass bridge peering into the water below, a young girl had a question too urgent to wait for a staff member. "Mom, what is that?" she asked. Her mother identified the creature as a black-tip reef shark, swimming just a few inches below us. The experience was sort of like snorkeling among sharks and rays - without getting wet., Our ride began peacefully, humming along under the incandescent haze of the slumbering city. Then the buildings petered out, along with the streetlamps. The van climbed toward the Andes, its windows frosted and headlights flashing around switchbacks. As the first streaks of sun crested the horizon, we approached the summit known as Patapampa Pass and pulled over to allow our driver to rest and refuel with a cup of coca tea. Perched dizzily at a staggering 16,000 feet, amid thousands of apachetas (the small stone cairns built as offerings to the goddess Pachamama), and staring out of the silvery altiplano, I realized the scene gave new meaning to the adjective "breathless.", Here at The Bee, our standards are written into a newsroom ethics policy designed to protect the paper's credibility and our ability to do watchdog reporting., Homes in the neighborhood where suburbia meets farmland are separated by yards large enough for one woman to keep horses., Revenue ticked up to $318.9 million from $317.4 million even as a drop in customers caused same-store sales to slide 0.6% at P.F. Chang's restaurants and 1.7% at Pei Wei., But in another sign of the slow decline of the regional park system, the county has no funds to buy vests., The men of the Lady Mary were not the only New Jersey fishermen who died last year. On Nov. 11, 2009, just days after the Coast Guard announced it was stepping up inspections of safety equipment aboard commercial fishing vessels, the 44-foot scalloper Sea Tractor sank in a storm off Cape May. Three men, including a father and son, were lost., EASTLAKE, Ohio -- An Eastlake woman was charged with child endangering after police said her son was attacked by the family dog while she was drunk., They invested in the future. Will we?, Regent Laura Brod said that it's important to emphasize that "we are not subsidizing the Vikings. They are paying the full freight.", In their exhilarating version of Darío's "Love Your Rhythm…," Greg Simon and Steven F. White render "eres un universo de universos/y tu alma una fuente de canciones" as "You're a cosmos in a cosmos set free./Be the fountain of songs that your soul needs." The addition of the phrase "set free" (not in the literal Spanish) both preserves the meter and underscores the poem's imperative tone, reminiscent of Rainer Maria Rilke's famous exhortation ("You must change your life") in "Torso of an Archaic Apollo.", Slyman, the Suburban Journals/St. Louis Cardinals South County Male Athlete of the Year for the second straight season, finished 44-0. In 81 matches over the last two seasons, he lost just once. And that bout went four overtimes., Across the bay in Oakland on Saturday night, windows were broken and graffiti was scrawled on downtown buildings during an Occupy anti-police march., Veluchamy started out selling magazine subscriptions door to door and ended up taking over commercial real estate and rolling out an empire of enterprises that do everything from printing to embossing credit cards. But now about 20 of his companies have filed for bankruptcy., "Any papers can be delivered by an authority but are they real?" Deputy Fritz Chery said., TRENTON — Police have arrested a 28-year-old man they say shot into a car full of women in North Trenton Saturday night, hitting one of them in the wrist., Wallace's agent, Rob Pelinka, could not be immediately reached for comment., Yet Veralrud said he was disturbed that when he had asked the university to delay the hearing by a few hours because of an unrelated court conflict, no delay was granted., Altogether, 15 people have pleaded guilty to crimes associated with multiple bribery and corruption schemes involving Maple Heights schools. Some of the cases have been heard before Adams in Akron and others before U.S. District Judge Kate O'Malley in Cleveland., DOROTHY P. RAINES, 87, Sanford, died Wednesday. Baldwin-Fairchild Funeral Home, Oaklawn Chapel, Sanford., SAN FRANCISCO -- Google Inc.'s $12.5 billion deal to buy cellphone maker Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc. is aimed at giving the Internet search leader more legal firepower as it battles Apple Inc. and Microsoft Corp. to gain the upper hand in the increasingly important mobile computing market., Engel, a fiscal conservative who has pledged to shrink government and reduce debt, agrees., Hometown: McKinney, Texas., These days, the city isn't a mere microcosm of the U.S. These days, we're the most diverse city in America; our blend of Hispanic, Asian, Anglo and African-American is the same that the rest of the United States, as a whole, can expect in 30 years. These days, Houston is the American future, being played out in the present., Several companion bills to the budget also would:, The mystery unfolds at, When Lachs and his colleagues compared the results of the phone survey with reports to law enforcement and social-service agencies, they concluded only one in 44 cases of abuse is reported., Not that they applauded - it would be unsportsmanlike to root for an opponent's injury - but Peyton Manning having to sit out the 2011 season to recover from a neck injury was not bad news for the Texans., The spring membership drive and the Friends’ fall book sale are the two principal fundraising efforts for this growing group of library supporters. The book sale begins, as always, in mid-September. Check the library website for donation and sale dates., But Moore's counterpart on the Los Altos School District Board of Education said the pending offer fully complies with the order issued by Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge Patricia Lucas on March 23., For many so-called giants and giantesses, the likeliest means of support was to appear in exhibitions, join circus troupes and allow themselves to be displayed in what were unkindly termed <U+0093>freak shows.<U+0094>, Friday: Facebook updates its policy to give users more clarity on how much information they share is used by the company. It's in response to an audit by data-protection authorities in Ireland, where Facebook has its overseas headquarters. The company also signals that it may start showing people ads on sites other than Facebook, targeting the pitches to interests and hobbies that users express on Facebook., "To be able to start designing a play with all possibilities open, and anything on the table, is pretty thrilling and liberating," he said. So thrilling, Bloom himself will direct the first play in the Second Stage theater, "Ten Chimneys.", But in another case that demonstrates the hodgepodge nature of penalties for uncontrolled burning around the state, there was no criminal prosecution related to a fire in Ordway four years ago that was caused by a man burning trash in violation of a county burning ban. The fire killed two volunteer firefighters and destroyed or damaged three dozen homes and outbuildings., Knapp says Savas told him he signed the petition, but Knapp never saw the sheet., Schiano, who had five years left on a contract that paid him approximately $2.3 million annually, left Rutgers after 11 seasons and a 68-67 record to become the coach of the NFL team Jan. 26., Comm-Works serves as the single national installer for Sengistix, a Mendota Heights company that offers health and safety monitoring products to help the developmentally disabled and seniors live independently, said Kirk Simmons, director of operations., We heard Lauren Manzo read almost the entire offending passage on last night's preview of the finale, but here it is:, Wayfare Tavern, 558 Sacramento St., S.F. 415-772-9060, www.wayfaretavern.com. Celebrity chef Tyler Florence's new restaurant is all about comfort classics, and something's here for everyone. An open kitchen downstairs gives Florence fans a chance to watch him in action, with a front-row seat at the chef's counter. Great atmosphere with friendly, engaging servers, and the fried chicken is tops. $$-$$$. (H H 1 on 11/5/10), A workers' compensation attorney will take at least 20 percent of your settlement, so don't hire one unless you think you're being shortchanged over a permanent disability, have a complex claim or were unfairly denied coverage of your medical bills., Outside the church this morning, a few fans came by to pay their respects, signing their names to a makeshift memorial that sprung up against the church's fence on the corner of Sussex Avenue and Dey Street., Enthusiastic crowd reactions for Newt Gingrich, including standing ovations at a pair of South Carolina debates last week, helped propel the former House speaker to a huge victory in that state's primary. By contrast, a debate in Florida on Monday was a far more sedate affair., oThe crabs' ability to jump and float along increases when they are underwater . While there, the crab may run into bubble currents that help it move up to high, out-of-way places., But Abby gave her family reasons to hope. The teen opened her eyes and started breathing on her own about three weeks ago. Doctors moved her out of the Intensive Care Unit on Wednesday., "I'm sure I'll take some heat for that," he said. "I just don't care. I'm not interested.", In her three decades at OSU, she has gone from wading through tide pools to heading the American Association for the Advancement of Science and winning a MacArthur "genius" grant, among other honors., By then, it was 12:35 a.m., View full sizeThe Associated PressJason Bjaranson with his son. Bjaranson was on the fishing boat Lady Cecelia that went down sometime Saturday about 17 miles off the rugged coast of Washington.Three days after the fishing vessel Lady Cecelia sank off the Washington coast, families of the four crew members are left with a lot of questions, few answers and one haunting reality: They may never know why the 70-foot trawler went down., United-Continental Airlines started a program that lets frequent fliers exchange a gift card from one of 60 major retailers for frequent flier miles. Similarly, U.S. Bank's FlexPerks Travel Visa Signature card holders can exchange select gift cards for credit card rewards points., The earnest Evans gives just enough gravitas to the Captain, who understands how their special gifts are "a terrible privilege.", Indians right-hander Derek Lowe, who won the decisive Game 4 of the 2004 World Series for the Boston Red Sox, recently had his championship ring stolen, according to the Fort Myers News-Press., "Tyler is more what Jim wrote. If you look at the books, Alex Cross is a 40 year old man with two young children and a beautiful young wife. He's a big, physical guy. Tyler is 41 years old, 6 foot 5, two hundred and something pounds, very physical and yet very sensitive and gentle.", Yang Houyin, who is in charge of the agency managing the city wall, was removed from his position because of "incompetent supervision and management," according to a Yangtse Evening Post report carried on Xinhua., Missing juvenile. 10:35 a.m. Monday. 22700 block of Malaga Way., John Ammann, director of the St. Louis University Legal Clinic and a SLU law professor, who has worked closely with Catholic Charities, a refugee resettlement agency here, notes that immigration issues have not reached the emotional level they have in other communities. If passions remain in check, polarization is unlikely to take root in St. Louis, he says., Rodgers Sr. won't watch the Beavers bowl game. Cable television was removed from Stringfellow last year. But he will wait for updates from the guards as they change shifts., 9:26: "The Social Network" wins Best Screenplay, But the front page of Sarkozy's campaign website says the French president is "respected and supported" by "most of his counterparts" — and listed Obama, Britain's David Cameron and Germany's Angela Merkel., Authorities also seized a Remington shotgun, vehicle and a small amount of cash. Two of Schrock-Peterson's children at home at the time were placed with relatives., "At the end of the day, you look at what's more convenient and where the money is," he said. "But I love it on the European Tour. It's been nothing short of fantastic.", oIn addressing that issue, the Penguins might also have to address the much more difficult question of whether they can continue to have so much cap space ($21.4 million) tied up in centers Crosby, Malkin and Staal. Crosby and Staal will both be unrestricted free agents in 2013, while Malkin's contract is up in 2014., In a statement, Fulton Brock said his life and that of his three children "was upended last night.", His girlfriend, porn starlet Alexa Cruz, told cops Anderson had slashed himself with a knife and that she had taken the blade away from him, the station reported., For the grand opening of the Kauffman Center, we stayed at the Hilton President in the nearby Power and Light Entertainment District. It's the closest hotel to the center, and there are plenty of restaurants - from the consistently excellent Bristol Seafood Grill to LatteLand, where you can get a good cup of coffee and pastry., The name, incidentally, stems from its founder, Mosh Feldenkrais, an Israeli scientist and martial artist who, after sustaining an injury, devoted himself to physical rehabilitation and the links between movement and the brain. In the late 1950s, he cemented his ideas into a formal practice and set about training others. Today, his method is taught by thousands of instructors worldwide., The fine print: 2012 models launched by the end of last year and with sales in February of at least 20% of average sales in their market segment (based on body style and average segment price) were eligible. All nameplates with sales of 100,000 or more in 2011 were eligible for the brand awards., An increased demand for nurses with bachelor's degrees in nursing is predicted as the U.S. population ages., The MCRC currently enlists over 2,000 corporate members, Wright said., PRINCETON, N.J. (AP) — Payment processor Heartland Payment Systems Inc. said Tuesday that its profit surged 77 percent as it processed more transactions. The company also raised its 2012 earnings forecast, The Irish called whiskey "uisce beatha," which translates to "water of life," and by the 19th century U.S. distillers had cooked up a whiskey niche of their own, with corn-based concoctions making Kentucky's soul as much about bourbon as horses. The combination of grains and distillation methods has evolved over time and fashion, and even the spelling - "whiskey" or "whisky" - might provoke a barstool battle. Now, thanks to craft distillers, the water of life can come in many flavors, proofs, bottles and barrels - and even frozen. Here's a round of sites for experiencing the spirit's true spirit., GE will raise its quarterly dividend by a penny to 15 cents in the third quarter. In February 2009, the company was forced to slash its dividend from 31 cents to 10 cents to conserve cash., She didn’t remember the gunman saying anything., The disclosure of the letter sent Bank of America's stock tumbling 4.4% on Oct. 19, as investors grappled with concerns that the bank could be overwhelmed with such investor requests. The group has since expanded and now includes 17 investors and 167 bond deals., "I'm telling you," Steven's father, Mike, says, "the kid's stuck on NDCL.", He talks about developing a show with Orlando Shakespeare Theater or Orlando Repertory Theatre. "We're always trying to find new material we want to develop," Howard said., "Camp Pollock is much bigger, and I'm sure more expensive, and that's a big undertaking. It might work for some time in the future when we are more established. But right now, we just want to take that first step, a pilot project.", Talk from Democrats has ranged from cautious optimism to outright swagger. Given how quickly tables turned on overconfident Republicans, the former is probably more prudent., Zone 6 service pins were presented to: Five years: Trooper Derek Weh; 10 years: Special agents Steven Jackson, Sean King, Patrick McGuire, Tyson Melvin; 15 years: Special agents Brian Ewing and David Lanier, Sarah McLachlan: with Symphony Orchestra, 7:30 p.m. July 1. $25-$49.50., Swensen's (1999 Hyde St., S.F.): Chocolate (2G), Cookies 'n' Cream (1B), Peach (3G), Adding to the difficultly this year, the school lost a major sponsor who had provided a work area for construction of the machine., The CTA rejects the idea that this accounting method lacks transparency. Officials said the extra pay for overtime was anticipated in the agency's operations budget to account for the difference between a regular eight-hour shift and the number of work hours needed to complete bus and train runs., <U+200B>134 Clifford St., Newark; (973) 466-3344., The website factored in criteria including the percentage of residents who admitted in a survey to "no concern or consciousness of environmental issues.", We met J. Kevin Kelley, a little-known employee in the county engineer's office who orchestrated audacious bribery schemes as a confidant to both Russo and Dimora., Early in November, during a financial conference, McClendon said, "And as I've stated publicly in the past few months, the Utica is the biggest thing to hit Ohio since the plow.", Years in the Oregon Symphony: Four, All three cost a lot of money. "It's big, and it's expensive, no doubt about it," Behlmann said., "Everybody is running around afraid because of what the federal government is doing," said David Michael, lead lawyer in four federal lawsuits that have been filed to prevent such interference., Detroit's public-sector unions have already made concessions over the last year, supposedly to avoid a financial manager. The so-called "consent" agreement thus throws city workers and the residents who depend on them under the bus -- provided there are any working city buses left to throw us under by the time these cuts are finished., California pot growers Aaron Johnson and Taylor Kitsch try to fend off Mexican invaders in Oliver Stone's "Savages" (July 6), co-starring John Travolta, Benicio Del Toro, Blake Lively and Salma Hayek., A: Last night I had a Rhone. I can't remember which one. It was leftover from making a steak sauce from a week ago and I didn't want to waste it. It had a very deep flavor. But it was inexpensive -- about $18 or $19., The plan worked as De Soto (15-4, No. 5 small-schools) ran out of gas. Parkway South outscored the Dragons 17-6 through the first six minutes of the fourth quarter. What had been a 10-point lead ballooned to 21 by the time Stevens called timeout and removed his starters., Chandler has made the most of his time with the Zhejiang Lions, embracing the stint as "a lifetime experience." The Lions are willing to let Chandler return to the U.S. before they start playing in the playoffs, ESPN's Marc Stein reports., He loved others, without regard to boundary. He shared everything with everyone — every song, every shirt, every green bean. His eyes twinkled when he spoke. His laugh was rich and full. His voice was simultaneously prophetic and humble. His hands — whether working the dirt, strumming a guitar or signing a petition — were always open., The Knicks have not commented officially on Stoudemire's status., There's an incredible number of people playing in New York, New Orleans and Paris — how did you pull people together for that?, Bosses are also generous with praise, said Sejla Dedic, a front office lead and reservation agent. "I've never left without someone saying, 'Thank you for everything you do,' " she said., Jurors were told that Moses paid Peterson for sex, but then tried to get his money back. Rankins attempted to steal her coat, a recent Christmas gift from Peterson's mother, and punched her several times, Moawad said., The Trenton native graduated from Dartmouth College in 1980 and received her law degree from Cornell in 1983. Patterson, 51, called her nomination "the highest professional honor that I can imagine.", The 37-year-old rapper got the minimum sentence Tuesday for his April murder conviction: 15 years to life., $34.2 billion: Sales for McDonald's in 2011 as the hamburger giant remained the No. 1 U.S. restaurant chain, according to the latest report by industry tracking group Techomic Inc., which estimates sales at franchise and company-owned restaurants., With less than a week before the Legislature is scheduled to adjourn, there were multiple signs Monday that Dayton and other stadium supporters were trying to find a way around several significant issues regarding the proposed $1 billion stadium in Ramsey County's Arden Hills., When he arrived at Quail Hollow, he made time Tuesday to film a commercial for the PGA Tour and its support of the St. Jude's Children Hospital. McIlroy appears in the commercial with Shaun White, a two-time Olympic gold medalist in snowboarding, and a 7-year-old boy named Dawson who is undergoing chemotherapy., He searched online and found news reports about the death of his former classmate., "I can't go back and feel sorry (for leaving St. Louis)," Pujols said. "It's time to move forward. (That was) like another chapter in my life, and it's time to open a new one. I don't want to look over my shoulder and regret the decisions I made. It was the best decision for me and my family. I want to help this organization get to the next level.", The website is a digital media platform made up of crowd-sourced memories. Anyone with an account can write, record and post their first-person experiences related to a person, place or topic., Elite's Charles Fishbein disputed the NCAA findings., enthusiasts tend to obsess about their first-round draft pick. Do you go with Adrian Peterson or Chris Johnson with the top pick? What about Arian Foster? Is the middle of the round too early for Aaron Rodgers? Should you grab an elite receiver at the end?, The singer stayed firm in his beliefs., Bill Haas, who won the PGA Tour's season-long championship in 2011, will play in the best-ball team competition when it is played Aug. 27-28 at the Reserve Vineyards and Golf Club in Aloha., ADVENTURES IN LEARNING: The Shepherd's Center of Webster-Kirkwood, 1333 W. Lockwood Ave. in Glendale, presents Adventures in Learning classes for older adults at 9:10, 10:10 and 11:10 a.m. until noon Sept. 23. Topics include "Journey from Scotland" presented by Jim Haas, "Donatello: Master Sculptor of the Early Renaissance" presented by Betsy Solomon and "Prime Time Health" presented by Bobbi Dunn. The cost for all programs is $8 and includes breakfast at 8:30 a.m. To register, contact, Last week, the money owed on those bonds went up by $11 million to $56.1 million, in large part because any borrowing related to the old Giants Stadium will no longer be tax-exempt once the building is torn down, according to treasury officials. Other Sports Authority borrowing taken over by the state includes bonding for the Atlantic City projects, the Wildwood Convention Center and the 1992 Rutgers Stadium project., Rookie Chris Kreider, whose first NHL goal was the winner Monday, forced a turnover and got the puck into the Ottawa end., The National Weather Service has issued a flash-flood watch because rain could fall as much as 2 inches an hour in some areas of the Valley., In silence we drive on I-270 across the river, then double back across Chouteau Island to the eastern gate of the bridge. On the marshy bank below the pylon, I spot something that looks like a human ear but convince myself I'm hallucinating., Unknown at this point is whether that means Santorum will fight for Romney, the inevitable Republican nominee, or take leave of the race and promote causes instead of a candidate., Whatever "harping" that occurred produced an effect that lasted all of 28 seconds before Saer Sene leaped above centerback Eric Brunner to use his head and redirect Chris Tierney's pass into the box for the score., work, doing the work America needs done. (Applause.) We've got, Eric Poms, promoted to CEO from COO in 2006, saw his salary rise nearly $150,000 to just more than $500,000 in fiscal 2009-10, the year after a double hosting. The Orange Bowl raised the salaries of three other executives above $250,000 in 2009-10., "This guy is so out of touch and so partisan, it wouldn’t have mattered what I would have said, he would have attacked. Because that’s just the way he conducts himself, that’s the way he plays politics, and it’s shameful," Christie said. "Well, you know, people elected him, so we’ve got to put up with him.", Her nonfiction is as measured and thoughtful as her fiction. She takes pains to describe Price's teaching style, the "ebullience" that made fledgling writers believe in themselves and their work — without becoming ebullient herself. "He was an exclamation point in a landscape of mostly declarative sentences," Tyler writes, and that is as enthusiastic as she allows herself to be about a man she clearly revered., Still, the report showed U.S. industry remains weak. Industrial production has fallen in 15 of the 17 months since the recession began in December 2007 and is down 16 percent since then., <U+0093>I have come to know I-29 fairly well by now.<U+0094>, A 2008 Harvard Business School study concluded that as many as 2 out of every 5 U.S. jobs could conceivably be sent abroad., No. 2 — Flanigan, MR def. Atults, Li., 5-7, 6-1, 6-2., The fear of another destructive attack that might target information technology, or IT, forced companies to hustle to upgrade their security software. This included heavy-duty encryption and data-recovery protections. The urgency has been especially felt in banking and government and operators of bridges, tunnels and power plants., On becoming an entrepreneur:, Ginsburg was one of the most vociferous opponents of the smoking ban before it was passed, showing up at County Council hearings, where he denounced the idea and those in favor of it., Among the states considering some form of drug testing for those receiving social service benefits are Georgia, Tennessee, Kansas, Mississippi, Oklahoma and Arizona, according to Will Matthews, a spokesman for the national ACLU in New York. None has implemented a measure, he said., LAST week. Walter Reade Theater. A Vuitton bag on the only front vacant seat., The man is described as appearing in his 20s-30s, standing about 5'7" and wearing a black hoodie and black pants. TriMet spokeswoman Roberta Altstad said all Yellow Line operators were told to be on the lookout for anyone who fit the description, but no one reported seeing the man. Service went on uninterrupted, she added., Nine of the Capitals' 10 playoff games have been decided by one goal., In rare instances, the busy kitchen shoots an air ball. The baked pasta, a meal craved by many regulars, was a big miss, with pasta and melted cheese floating in a soupy sauce that never came together and thickened. With our Modena di Balsamico <U+0096> angel hair pasta and chicken in a balsamic reduction <U+0096> our chicken was overcooked and dry., "They respond. Late," she said. "They get here 20 minutes later.", It would be such a treat to hear Obama give praise to someone who actually set the stage for this great achievement. He obviously has no trouble blaming everyone else for the failures of the past three years, and lord knows there are plenty of those. One could start with Solyndra and the eight other energy companies that got billions and are now bankrupt., 2. Place chicken drumettes in 15-by-10-by-2-inch glass baking dish. Pour marinade over and turn drumettes to coat. Cover and refrigerate overnight., Gingrich has never said how many illegal residents he believes should be deported, preferring to say that the United States is not going to begin rounding up grandmothers and grandfathers who have lived in the United States for years., Mirkarimi has denied any attempt to tamper with the investigation, and his attorney, Shepard Kopp, called the allegation "defamatory.", A year ago, the Missouri Legislature overwhelmingly passed a bill to give firefighters the same, so long as they lived within an hour of their home fire station. City leaders vehemently argued that only the city could change residency requirements. St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay even sent a letter to Gov. Jay Nixon, warning him that if the governor signed the bill, the city would have no choice but to sue., Best qualifying performance: 2:22:38, 2011 Boston Marathon., E! generally finishes among the top 15 of networks among its target audience of people aged 18 to 34, and Kolb said one of her goals is to move into the top 5., Laddish scored her second goal of the season for the Fighting Irish (20-2-2), who advance to the championship game on Sunday for the fourth time in the past seven years., The popularity of Mr. Bo's programs had raised the prospect such policies could gain traction nationwide, which could have clouded prospects for what economists say are needed reforms in China., BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: River City Chapter, 7-8:30 a.m. June 15, Spirited Heart, 1540A Country Club Plaza, St. Charles. For more information, contact Starr Himmel at 636-366-7000., North coach Scott Topal of Granite City, who was coaching in his first all-star game, was all smiles afterward., What do you think about the Blazers' newest acquisition? Post your comments below., The Ducks also put their leadoff batter on base in the third, fourth and eighth innings, and in each case advanced the runner in scoring position with less than two outs and failed to score., Of the six proposed dispensaries, only two have found a home. Greenleaf Compassion Center has secured a location in Montclair, and Compassionate Care Foundation Inc. has signed a lease in Westampton in Burlington County, center officials said., CHP spokeswoman Fran Clader said the two officers suffered minor injuries and were taken to a hospital. The CHP arrested three Occupy members on suspicion of disobeying and officer., Caroline Charland talks about "So you got a bunny for Easter, now what do you do?" on Marie Hulett's "Pet Place Radio Show" at 9 a.m. Sunday (April 15) on KMZT/1260 AM. Pet Place will be at Pet Expo April 20-22 at the Orange County Fairgrounds. More info: www.kmozart.com, www.petplace.org, and www.facebook.com/PetPlaceRadio., 4 (102) Kirk Cousins, qb, Michigan State, Diaz-Bridges had been cooperating with the detectives and intended to provide a confession at that point, the court said., <U+0095> Blankets, sleeping bags, rain gear, Exxon dealt with lawsuits for decades after its Valdez supertanker ran aground and spilled 11 million gallons of crude into Alaska's Prince William Sound in 1989. The spill cost Exxon $4.5 billion -- nearly half of which went to clean up the oil. The rest was spent on payments to residents and businesses, punitive damages and settlements with the government., Leafblad, who got 19 percent in the IMA poll, compared with 6 percent for Jarratt, said he has had success running businesses, though he too has experienced financial struggles nearly as serious as Jarratt's., This was just a regular-season game?, "The organization behind Issue 2 stole my words to make it seem like I support Issue 2. I don't.", Earlier in testimony, the jury and U.S. District Court Judge Sara Lioi heard the specifics behind the phony 2006 election campaign against Russo., Oregon (24-9, 10-4) won its seventh series of the season and its fourth against a ranked team. The Ducks have now won four consecutive Pac-12 series, including three straight against top-25 opponents., “I look at my injury as a blessing, rather than a curse,” he said., Ohio-07, Another great bookmarking option is Xmarks. It can sync bookmarks on all your computers, and keeps a backup of everything online. The only reason I didn't mention it above is that so far there's no app for the iPad., The debt reduction to $1.15 billion would be “$100 million lower than 2001,” a period when none of the 16 current commissioners and Chief Executive Officer John Matheussen were with the agency, Hanson noted., o"I, and an entire generation of women's basketball coaches will always be indebted to her for the culture of excellence she helped to create in our sport.", The strategy paid off. Before today, The Chronicle had awarded the top rating to just four restaurants; now, three more will be added to this star- studded galaxy., Former U.S. Rep. Mary Jo Kilroy told the Columbus Dispatch last week that she would seek the Democratic nomination. Kilroy was ousted last year by Republican Steve Stivers. A former Franklin County commissioner, Kilroy has run for Congress three times, serving one two-year term., "It was a club race, a serious race," said Angela Fang, the Bay to Breakers general manager. "It was created to bring the community together.", An expert on legal issues said a seeming Miranda misstep may be a problem -- or a tactical maneuver to build a stronger case against the major player in a case., "It's bad enough when one person is without a job," she said Thursday afternoon from her Washington, D.C., hotel. "But two? I can't even imagine.", In addition, the panel said, President Obama has become increasingly critical of laws that discriminate against gays and lesbians. Obama withdrew legal support in February from a law denying federal benefits to married same-sex couples, and his lawyers now argue that all such laws should be declared unconstitutional unless they serve some vital government need., Finches have been seen chewing holes in sunflower leaves. Maybe they will do the same to other soft leaves., You saw one illustration of campaign fervor run amok just last Tuesday in a story atop the Metro section., oDespite your slow start you still have mainstream and crossover appeal., On Thursday, as part of the anniversary celebration, the ballpark held an open house, and thousands of fans meandered on the warning track, through the stands and along the section of the Green Monster that holds the scoreboard. As MassLive.com said, "every nook and cranny" of the park was open for exploring except for the field itself., ~Author Unknown, 2007: Martha Harmon Pardee, Martha, Paragon's "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf", Curse words and all., Graffiti on one building declared, "Oakland is our amusement park tonight!" Cleaning crews began sweeping up broken glass and debris early Friday., But today, none of the candidates seems completely prepared to grapple with what to do next. Some repeat falsehoods as if they were gospel: Los Angeles County's jails are overcrowded (false; they are at about half capacity). California's recidivism rate is 70% (meaningless, without distinguishing between a new criminal offense that should land an offender back behind bars and a technical parole violation, such as failing to report to an agent in time). Realignment puts parolees on our streets unsupervised (a blatant falsehood). State prisoners are being released early under realignment (false). But it's true that if prosecutors, the courts and the sheriff are not careful, they will release people whom they should keep. And it's true that under realignment, more jail inmates (as opposed to prison inmates) may be unsupervised upon release., She said she won't be supporting more bills like this that are "bringing jobs for people who are going to struggle to live in our city.", "As I go to funders and ask for dollars and volunteers and all sorts of things, we just tell them to say, 'Yes, MAAM,'" said Givens. "Dropping the 'the,' we call ourselves MAAM. The acronym is M-A-A-M. We have our little 'Yes MAAM' buttons that we hand out. Loving it, loving it.", Rosenberg Advertising: Becki Cooper was named an account executive, and Jeremy Fleischer, interactive designer/programmer, for the Lakewood agency., "But I didn't give up the goal. I said, 'OK, I'm going to race my bike for 16 years, hang it up, never ride again, and (then) get some land.", An unsung hero if there ever was one, Harris had nine kills, including the match-winner, to lead Lewis to a three-set PSAL Class A semifinal victory over top-seed Stuyvesant. The junior middle hitter came into the school a raw athlete and has emerged in the postseason as a go-to player., Alberta officials and oil company executives say they're protecting the environment and reducing greenhouse-gas emissions. They say they're beginning to reclaim huge tailings ponds containing toxic liquids from bitumen processing -- recently filling and replanting the industry's first after 40 years of mining., Whether she's pedaling on her midnight-black Dutch-import Gazelle cruiser, her functional Bromptom folding bike or her sleek Cannondale road bike, Beightler carries herself as if on a fashion runway., The boy's parents agreed last month to share legal and physical custody. They also agreed to allow Sebastian to regularly see one of his half brothers., "I'd be lying if it didn't affect eldest daughter just a little bit," he said. "They didn't see accident; they were at the track but didn't see it live. There was a lot of unknowns. Fortunately, my wife is a nurse. She's had experience with this.", Quattro, 2050 University Ave. (at Woodland), in the Four Seasons Hotel, East Palo Alto; (650) 470-2889., Accessibility: Not accessible., Which actors on the set are the funniest?, Shocking? Maybe. But eventually, scouting and style of play catch up with everyone in the NBA, and coach Monty Williams and the Hornets got the game to their preferred snail-like pace, and Lin had to contend with a bigger point guard in the 6-foot-6 Greivis Vasquez, who had 15 points and 11 assists. Also, despite having the worst record in the West, the Hornets are starting to play well -- the win was their third in three games., Howard kept Detroit a goal back with about 12 1/2 minutes left to play when he stopped Sergei Kostitsyn on a break, but Bourque scored his second of the game on a one-timer from Nick Spaling with 8:25 to play., So what I saw from both sides of my family was drinking, drug use, abuse, and cheating. But I've been happily married for over 10 years and with my husband for almost 20. We have two beautiful children who know without a doubt that they're loved. They're well-adjusted children., Frightened Rabbit drummer Grant Hutchison said in an e-mail message that the reason Scottish and Welsh bands have done well across the pond lately is simple., Ben fears that voters would not accept it if their state's electoral votes went to the national winner who did not win their own state. The reality in American history, however, is that voters are more likely to question the legitimacy of an election if the presidency goes to the candidate who loses the national popular vote., Castilano is an aviation enthusiast from Dayton., President Barack Obama's budget plan would cut $100 billion from Pell Grants and other higher education programs over a decade through belt-tightening and use the savings to keep the maximum college financial aid award at $5,550, an administration official said., That combination of cooling fog and overall warmth slowly and fully develops the grapes while also retaining their acidity, accounting for the zest that sets apart the Ponzo from many other zinfandels., Valued at about $300 million, the job-creation package is one of Haiti's biggest foreign investments. U.S. officials call it an "unprecedented collaboration" between the Haitian and U.S. governments, and the Inter-American Development Bank. So much is at stake that some Haiti observers mused that it was perhaps one of the reasons for the United States' heavy involvement in the Nov. 28 presidential election debacle., BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: St. Charles Chapter, 7-8:30 a.m. May 25, Bogey Hills Country Club, 1120 Country Club Road, St. Charles. For more information, contact Nichole Olea at 636-751-1135., Love, who starred at Lake Oswego and UCLA, is averaging 20.3 points and an NBA-high 15.4 rebounds per game. He did not travel with the team while he receives treatment., Financial markets have been spooked by fears that Greece and perhaps larger countries, like Italy, would default on their debts., Texas and Arizona were reportedly in the running for that U.S. plant., Last year’s cap could be mild when compared to what’s ahead as Gov. Chris Christie prepares to push some of the deepest budget cuts the state has ever seen. The Star-Ledger’s review found towns and schools said high employee costs were squeezing their budgets — a big issue in Trenton as Christie attacks the price tag for public employee salaries, pensions and benefits., "All's Well That Ends Well": Willamette Shakespeare's production seeks 10 actors. Auditions Feb. 5-6. www.willametteshakespeare.org., Bill Maher, the interviewer at Tuesday night's Writers Bloc public chat, turned to Maddow as they took the sold-out theater's stage. How much of that do you think was for you, and how much was for me? Maher joked., Northeast Ohio home: Cleveland's Little Italy neighborhood., Add this to the list of plusses to living out here in flyover country: We do not have gifted kindergarten. (The state of Kansas hasn't even gotten around to paying for full-day kindergarten for all students, but that's another story.), Ron Manzo, brother of Lou Manzo, Mother Willis gives the secret potion to her friends and relatives or members of her church. She has given it to a cashier at a grocery store and the guy who fixed her vacuum., "Parents donate, but a lot of it comes from her," said Marina Hernandez. "Things are tight, but her room has an abundance of supplies, things not every classroom may have through budget cuts.", Germaine and O’Leary were malnourished, confined to their beds and denied proper medical treatment, according to the indictment handed up in 2009, and Perry was forced to care for O’Leary., "It's pathetic," Jones said. "I don't know if he was trying to rob him or what. For them to just come up and do that, it's pathetic.", "It's important for forwards to hit the ground running and score goals. We know that," Spencer said. "If we weren't getting any chances, then I would be concerned. But we're getting chances. Every forward goes through this.", Authorities say a convenience store clerk saw Muller attempt to escape and called police., A private memorial service was also scheduled for Sunday, TMZ reported. Earlier, the Charger's chaplain said services would be held next weekend at New Venture Christian Fellowship and Oceanside High School., For some, the arraignment hearing -- which restarts the clock on the trial, which is probably at least a year away -- is a long-awaited moment in a case fraught with years of frustrating delays. But for others, watching holds no appeal; they simply want to move on., The Southwest Washington Regional SWAT team, Clark County Sheriff's Office detectives and Vancouver Police served the search warrant around 4:30 a.m. at 6312 NE Hazel Dell Ave, police said. Dispatchers have received more than 40 911 calls relating to the house since the beginning of the year, police said., Stars and auteurs may have strolled along Washington Avenue but Fort Lee never became a realm of red carpet glitz and swirling searchlights. The town didn’t have a single-picture palace to host premieres during its heyday, according to Meyers., All Shall Perish, Carnifex, Fleshgod Apocalypse, the Contortionist, Conducting From the Grave 6 p.m. Apr. 22. $15-$17., Harry Durrah of Brush was third in the 100 in 11.3. He was also part of the Arcs’ second-place 800 relay team along with Davari Gill, Patric Hannon and Alfonso Onunwar as they earned a time of 1:35.0., Chatham High School has held its prom fashion show for years and it's covered by the local newspapers. Last year's event inspired another one, at Issaquah High School in Issaquah, Washington. It will be held on March 9., Vogel prefers not to play his starters that long, but the bench has struggled., To further justify changing the law, Maag and supporters argue that Ohio's conceal carry law is not applied uniformly and is more restrictive than the laws in other states. They also argue that permit holders are among the most law-abiding citizens, and therefore, would alert officers as a courtesy. But making it "a duty," they say, abridges their freedom., He said that his only motivation as board president was ensuring student welfare and that "it would be a disaster if some people's opinions about my role as board president jeopardized this support.", Violinist Jennifer Koh and pianist Shai Wosner will present works by Janáeek, Bartok and Brahms Saturday at the University of Missouri-Kansas City., Michael will play Max Bruch’s Violin Concerto in G Minor., Toledo Mayor Mike Bell appears in a TV commercial endorsing Issue 2, the November voter referendum on Senate Bill 5. The ad was made and paid for by Building a Better Ohio, the largely business and Republican-backed political action committee supporting SB 5, the law passed earlier this year that restricts the collective bargaining power of Ohio's public unions., "From what I saw, the players are looking forward to revisiting the things we did well last year and making improvements on the things that we didn't do well," said Shurmur. "You get to work with some of the new coaches and some of the new players. For me, I just have a much better view of what our team is and the areas we need to improve in to get ourselves in a position to play in the playoffs and compete to play in the big game. And I think that's what we're looking to do.", use against him won't find much in an audit of his office released Wednesday by the state auditor., The Intoxilyzer 5000 is the only evidential breath testing instrument approved for use in Georgia. It has to be inspected every quarter to make sure it's operating effectively., No announcements are expected Wednesday of any further Fed action to try to lift the economy. Most analysts think Fed members want to put off any new steps, such as more bond purchases, to see if the economy can extend the gains it's made in recent months., Just one thing., When American kids reflect upon their childhoods decades from now, snacks may figure more prominently in their memories—and around their waists—than meals shared around a table., Mixed in the masses of the BBCOR's new clientele are some who argue against too much change to a sport that invariably involves risk., Kevin: As part of the I-64 project, an additional lane on I-270 was added northbound between I-64, and Olive and the exit-only lane at Ladue eliminated. Is this going to be reset? Also, at Page Avenue and I-170, the exit lane from eastbound Page to southbound I-170 was extended past Seven-Up Drive. It seems very tight in that area with the lanes shifting some in the middle of the Seven-Up intersection. Is this going to be reset?, Amazingly, in this age of email, mobile phones and constant availability this was all done without prior communication. The County Engineer’s office is now on record stating there will be more trees cut down, most definitely in the 26-30-foot range from the centerline, possibly more. Our property alone could lose 16 trees., "Everyone now knows who we are. We used to be a joke on a T-shirt saying, 'Where the Hell is Red Bud?'" Lowry said., This team is not to be underestimated. Parbhoo and his father, Bisnath, who is Trinniberg’s trainer, a few years ago bought Giant Ryan for $27,000. Last year, the horse won six straight races, including the Vosburgh. He ran seventh in the Breeders’ Cup and fifth in the big sprint in Dubai last month to wind up the year with $750,000 in the bank and the title of New York’s Horse of the Year., Back when shakes cost 15 cents, Biff-Burgers dotted the Southeast. It stood for Best in Fast Food. They had drive-in service and walk-up windows, they had "roto-broiled" burgers topped with a closely guarded secret-sauce concoction. Now, it appears, there's only one Best left. Burger King may be responsible for the near-extinction of Biff-Burger, but St. Petersburg's George Musser stayed strong. His location still has the original Biff-Burger neon sign; the menu runs to barbecue sandwiches, burger baskets and soft serve; and on Friday nights the parking lot fills with hot rods and their devotees., After a grim 2009 tournament that featured just 27 tries in nine games, the 2010 competition produced 52, a record for the 16-year-old event. This year's tournament maintained that trend, with 26 tries in just six games. In addition, the number of passes has increased by 35% since 2009 and the average time that the ball is in play has increased by more than two minutes per match., All but one belonged to churches. The other belongs to a health services company., The lawsuits say Apple and the publishers cost consumers more than $100 million in the past two years by adding $2 or $3, sometimes as much as $5, to the price of each e-book., Taft eventually claimed the nomination, prompting Roosevelt to bolt the party and continue his campaign under his own "Bull Moose Party" banner., She knows that many families who lost loved ones are bitter - about their loss, about the war., Ricketts said investigators haven't gotten "any significant leads out of what John's done," noting that Weflen has been missing a long time and the case has generated many overlapping tips and false leads over the years., 3: Masa also comes in two states: masa preparada, which is ready to use, and simple, which is unprepared. I prefer unprepared masa, and the recipe below is based on it. It would be a major mess if you followed the recipe for preparing the masa using masa preparada! Ask for "masa quebrada simple" to get unprepared masa for tamales (pronunciation: MAsa KayBRAda SIMplay)., Jeff Lewis, the star of not one but two Bravo network reality shows -- "Interior Therapy with Jeff Lewis" and "Flipping Out" -- and I have something in common: We both shop at HomeGoods!, Kotsay's homer came against the team that he played for in 2011., We’ve seen it before. The small kicks to the back of players’ legs behind the ball, a push here, an elbow there, all while the action — and the attention of the referee — is elsewhere., Her own parents divorced in her childhood, and Lilly Valgerdur spent four months in a Reykjavik children's home. When she was reunited with her father and brother, 12-year-old David promised his little sister that one day he would tear the place down., Last month the city removed fencing from the Brock property using incorrect practices, according to the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife. The removal damaged native habitat and the year-round stream that is a tributary for Wilson Creek. Instead of removing the fencing by hand, the city used large machinery that was driven over the stream and ripped out nesting habitats that should have not been touched until after June 15. The city also sprayed the herbicide Crossbow during this nesting season., Dr. Neal Barnard will speak at 7 tonight about giving a vegan diet a try. The event is at the Dolan Center for Science and Technology, Donohue Auditorium, John Carroll University, 20700 North Park Blvd., University Heights. The talk is free. For more information, call Jill Eckart at 202-527-7337., “She’s an attorney," Baker said, "but she's our sister, she’s our friend.”, The Esperanza Spalding concert scheduled for Saturday, April 28, at Sage Court at JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort & Spa has been canceled., "In Darkness" Poland, Troop 186 meets at 7 p.m. on Tuesday nights at the Three Bridges firehouse., Freddie Mac reported Thursday that the average rate on the 30-year fixed loan ticked up to 4.55 percent from 4.52 percent a week ago. That's slightly above this year's low of, EUGENE -- Shadrack Biwott and Luke Puskedra fought their way onto exclusive top-10 lists, and Jenny Barringer obliterated the meet record Friday night in an eventful first full day of the Oregon Relays at Hayward Field., Hungary's prime minister launched a scathing attack on the European Union on Thursday, accusing it of colonialist behavior, disrespecting his country's sovereignty and meddling in its domestic affairs., Put it on a T-shirt. Ohio State-Michigan, Nov. 26, 2011, where will yours be?, Perez isn't sure Garagiola Jr. even saw the post, which the pitcher said "our fans, obviously they liked it, and the Kansas City fans hated it.", But the condo association at 3150 N. Lake Shore, a 36-floor high-rise that has a no-pet policy, remained unmoved., Winter weather hiking provides spectacular scenery, and a different set of challenges. By adequately preparing, you can enjoy Southern California's wintertime beauty and reward yourself with a cup of hot coco at the end of the trail., The same could happen to his colleague Chris Herndon, who represents District 11, which includes Stapleton and the neighborhoods of Green Valley Ranch and Montbello. The latter two neighborhoods, which have a majority of black and Latino residents, will likely be placed into a newly formed district., While there are glimpses of Allen with Soon-Yi, to whom he has been married for 14 years, the "American Masters" swerves away from Allen's private life since the mid-'90s. Here again is the suggestion of profundity but little substance to back it up., In Capistrano Unified, at least three other coaches may have been disciplined in the Lapes Athletic matter in recent months. In a letter last month to Capistrano Unified trustees, Patton’s attorney, Eric Hansen, referenced three other coaches who had been disciplined., The Minnesota Foster Care Association says most foster parents likely would support such the ban., "It's quite easy," she noted. "But it's gotta start right away, or else we're going to be living with landfills everywhere.", Alfred Worden of Apollo 15 became a poet, writing of Earth as "a distant memory seen in an instant of repose." Al Bean, who accidentally burned out the camera on Apollo 12 by pointing it at the sun, became a painter. "My dream now is to create a body of paintings that tell the story of Apollo," he explained. Stuart Roosa of Apollo 14 told his son how he would look at the Earth gleaming "like a jewel in the sky," reflect on how it held everything he knew, and then marvel at how he could blot it out just by holding up his hand., Mourners wiped tears, sang, read poems, held hands and shared memories of the two women. They talked about how the women had bright futures ahead of them., Brunner said it is important for health leaders to see how health varies among racial groups and those with different education and income levels., There is a solution. First, the U.S. economy needs to get moving. One element of that is to unclog the housing market, which is causing nationwide sluggishness. People who can't sell their homes because they owe more than they're worth are people who can't go where the jobs are. A plan to cut mortgage balances by giving banks a path to recover their losses in the future is very promising., "The more we know about these chemicals, the more consumers can ask for less harmful products," Choksi said. "We can have wastewater treatments plants that are more advanced and take out these products if we decide that's what we want.", Council will meet at 1:30 p.m. Monday to rehash the budget., Coach Frank Marinello’s team has shown it’s a talented up-and-coming squad, but it’s struggled to put up another win against Brooklyn/Queens’ elite teams, falling to Molloy and St. Francis Prep last week before beating CK behind Maria Randazzo’s bat. Fontbonne will needs to win out if it wants to place third., How do you explain a sharp increase in protest activities in Russia?, REM, rapid eye movement, sleep is one of the stages of sleep. In this stage, the eyes move quickly to and fro. A brainwave recording (EEG, electroencephalogram) taken during REM sleep is similar to an awake brainwave recording. Dreams happen in all stages of sleep, but the most vivid and remembered dreams occur during the REM stage. About a quarter of sleep time is devoted to REM sleep, which returns in cycles during the night, as do the other sleep stages., When Smith was at KU, different people wanted him to go different directions. Allen discouraged him from coaching., The 52-year-old actor was axed from the ABC dance competition Tuesday despite turning in a samba that the judges praised., Almost all of the retirees -- 96 percent -- said they like retirement at least somewhat, and 70 percent like it a lot., Brown ruled for the Justice Department in two areas., Leupold sells a zombie rifle scope., A: Arborist McMahon, who is also Desert Botanical Garden's resident cactus expert, says that smaller saguaros can still be rather tender in the full sun in the summer here. He suggests that the plant's terminal received too much light this summer and the tissue was burned. Usually, the plant will form a new bud at the top and resume growing. You should put a small piece of 50 percent shade cloth over the top next summer to protect the growing tip. Do not try to remove any dead tissue. Just let it resume growth on its own. You may not see any activity until next spring or summer, so be patient., The kick-off preservation month 2012 event Historic Jersey City & Harsimus Cemetery Clean-Up will take place on Saturday from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at 435 Newark Ave., Jersey City. The event will be held light rain or shine. Admisssion is free. For more information visit jerseycitycemetery.org or e-mail Eileen Markenstein at markensteine@optonline.net., Others are even less happy., — Assemblywoman Celeste Riley on Tuesday stated she disagreed with Gov. Chris Christie’s recent comments that the state should no longer allow public employees to serve as lawmakers in Trenton without taking vacation days., The tendency is even more pronounced in the red wines. Among the 33 on the regular list, there are at least five wines using Rhone varietals, and four Gamays. There's also Zweigelt from Austria, Frappato from Sicily and Hondarribi Beltza from the Basque country., Perhaps the most pressing challenge to Colorado's medical-marijuana businesses came in a U.S. Department of Justice memo. In this week's memo, Deputy Attorney General James Cole wrote that people "who are in the business of cultivating, selling or distributing marijuana and those who knowingly facilitate such activities" are in violation of federal law, regardless of their state laws., The Cranford PBA supplied water and water bottles. PuroClean of Cranford, Vanilla Bean Creamery of Cranford, Dr. Quinones & Scalia Oral Surgery Associates of Westfield, N.J. and the Kilkenny House Restaurant and Pub of Cranford were among several sponsors of the event., The Boston Globe praised Phillips' "heartbreaking" blend of fiction and reportage, "written with all of his usual energy, precision, and fierce sympathy for his characters' strengths and weaknesses alike." The paper went on to note, "For his artistic vision and moral courage, at a time when these qualities are in short supply yet matter as much as ever, we owe Caryl Phillips a deep debt of gratitude.", The 158-room hotel at 5201 N. Pima Road is owned by Salt River Devco and managed by Marriott International.
