how the hell do you find these videos?!, “: #Scorpio can't stand people who ask for help yet never bother to help themselves first.” MAJOR PET PEEVE, hey, no I wasn't! I had knocked out >.<, They decided not to honor my 12 years exp. Teachers only. Funny I went through 2 months of their process b4 they told me., Ill might not go to school tomorrow., Hi bucket!! We r camping, last min trip w/ just our families, we hope to plan something w/ everyone in October!, FOR REAL I NEED THAT FEELING! I HAVE TROPICAL BLOOD!, im not gonna leave til like september i think « you can't leave yet!», What's the one video of theirs that you respect the most?, manager said she'll be sending the app around 4pm today. If I don't get accepted I'm going to kill myself. When do u get to move in?, So Far To Go by J-Dilla and Common is my shiiiit!, Irritated bored!!!, #ThePriceIsRight on Wed. was off da chain. Perfect for Crunkfest 2012. Now let's see what other miracles occur in the Anniversary Month!, Porsche 356 to Bentley S1: Are these the most remarkable car designs ever?, Friend: lets go to the club! me: i dont hav dollar bills. :( Friend: afterlife foo! hahaha me: oh hahaha, Falling asleep to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>, thank you so much!. Dropoff at site (pratt&light St) is best for now. If you can't make it, we'll try to get smbdy to you soon, From the GYM straight to the pizzeria o IT'S TRUE THAT'S HOW I GIVE IT UP, Done w work! Time to head home, get the pup and head over to my folks for dinner!, rip it. bcd me!, Someone must like the devil out there. Back down to 666. Thanks for the unfollow, watching the telecom industry flail and die, Corey Hart...finally!, I think Kenneth Branagh is going to win an Oscar for "My Week With Marilyn." See this film asap!, Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light. ~Norman B. Rice, your still sexy....and when you said "damn" in that interview, i like cried, Try some #beer at room temperature as opposed to cold. You'll notice a big difference sometimes., I need new followerss, Smells like #Ohio outside. Time for #BlueJackets Hockey!, Re tweet about exam MT : damn autocorrect. Thought I fixed that. At least there wasn't an iPhone writing portion of the exam, TYLER BLOWS!, Haha aww don't wash it yet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, I love you like a love song baby:) #singit!, Family is the greatest thing that one can have. Thank you for being there for me., what's up with the fat black dude with the "Chunky Bieber" tee on in J. Biebs boyfriend video?.., I lost my mind a long time ago i make no $ense, Director Gap LoBiondo, SJ attended #bigmiracle screening for the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors last night in DC with, Thanks for the follow, RT RT : Sat Feb 13- Another great Sat night show. Black Taxi, The Frontier Brothers, !, I really need to start working on my website, 's Good Deeds movie was amazing!, bundle still not sorted after 3 mnths. Call disconnected today trying to sort it. Just what I've come to expect, I'm well no complaints, 30 minutes till school!, You have been a busy lady! I hope that business is good and Canada is cool!, Now I'm going to reminisce on my own videos. Sobs. Someone go to a show with me like... now., Me too very excited!!!, (jen) Trying to reach a client in Scotland before my day gets going and his day ends., Built in gas cooktop :-), I am reminded now why I never had a dog before., I hope you have a great Mother's Day! And when you go out for dinner, I hope u get the group discount...for all five of you!, RT : What time dose the party start ? Restaurant open at 11 but the specials and band start at five sharp!, #UN on #Syria: #Syrian government attacks on civilians amount to crimes against humanity., Shoots out to and always a great moments with them and ...., Stop by the career center this morning and chat with me!, I really admire people who can get up right when their alarm goes off., glad you enjoyed them!, Thanks! I am excited and ready to go., RT : The game of #Acting is not so much in holding a good hand as playing a poor hand well., watching the voice for biebssssssssssss, The Lovely Boners, TGIM! Happy Hour goes all day and all night every Monday and Tuesday, RT I will be there for opening night!!!, On my way to mandalay!, DAMN IT TOM!! this is getting out of hand..fine JB..it is, A lot going on with brands at #Chevy charged my phone. #amexaustin10 hooking it up with JayZ concert and deals., Drug store refilling is cheap because ink is not filled under pressure, non OEM ink is used, no new parts, and the cartridge is not cleaned, When you include people from the beginning, things always seem to go smoother., Thanks for the #FF ! And thanks for reminding me that it's Friday. WhooHoo!, It's why we're friends., Laviolette is LIVID that Malkin did not get called for a trip about 30 second before Grossman got called for hooking., MR (): "Smaller sports, soccer in this country, extreme sports, MMA work hard w/social media. It's been great for us", Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Easy Orange Cream Slush 4.48 / 5 Stars | 33 Reviews by AMNDBRK1 "This is a simple and delicious recipe for a coo, the thing olivia did in the wherehouse. Man, that was awesome!, I want sum icecream, haha it's very rare I suppose(:, Yes. Ask Travis Trask., Happy New Year to everyone! Be happy and thankful for what you have achieved & go for more :), Something is awry with the twitter app on my mac… it only seems to update when I post. Feature or bug? FEATURE OR BUG?, Only Florida, Columbus, Phoenix, Nashville, Atlanta and the Islanders haven't done it since 1997, the Instagram papparazzi is always out, we should be jealous of the Chinese buffet, both are awesome!, Sausage run was the perfect cure for my hangover, ...to sworn personnel. faces a $2.2 million shortfall and is considering contracting out with CalFire as a result., Need suggestions for iPad apps for eight-year old girl. Not that I'm going to give it up easily for her to play on., I'm still in Kansas until Saturday. No snow here and none on the forcast until next Monday. It's very cold but no Snow :), Follow us on FB from the May 1st Roll out, Great 1st quarter, It's amazing how motivating it is to run from a zombie horde. Even if it's a fake one., Hey McNabb, give Jake Plummer a call in Idaho so 2 of you and big Al can start a Shanny Dissed Me self-help group., im going to sleep ., I'm so glad you said that!! Thought you'd disapprove of my aversion to running....:), Where can we get some good breakfast in Nashville?, you are EVIL!!!!, thanks so much - we may be older bug we are a lot of fun., there are more wishes than stars., Very high-scoring first half in the boys game: Caliche up 52-43 lookin for their 4th title in 4 years!, EXCITED to be part of #Chicago teach-in Jan7/8 #humanrights #law #torture #indefinitedetention #Guantanamo #Bagram DETAILS SOON!, can you send me the picture of you doing my hair..., Visit any Laurelwood Public House/Brewery location today... 15% of all sales go to the kids of the Bald Faced Truth Foundation., Way to celebrate! Hope it was happy!RT : Wondering if I should walk up to dunkin donuts this morning & get donuts for my birthday., I feel like im annoying you by tweeting you too muchh..., Rumor mill says brightsolid is launching a big new US based website (not just UK anymore). Watch out, Ancestry..., Just bought a new pair of triathlon shorts. I guess the dream isn't over., Office smells of fresh paint! Now thats progress., It's pretty hard to write anything good when Lightning Crashes by Live is streaming through your head non stop., U r so welcome! Any plans 2 build n Murfreesboro? Ur business would explode on 231south. They r buildn a parkway. Few places 2 eat, you should have told me! I would have loved to join. Heck I was in bed early., ^ I'd just as soon stay home and raise babies. June Allyson, Q1) Business partners care more about the impact metrics than the ROI, anything good on tap?, you're the second to bring up Family Circus. I added Rubes and Dilbert to my shootable list as well., come on, 10 tee at Glen Arven matches pebble any day., Probably? For New Year's I may need to bring a cousin in tow. But we're BFFs, so it should be cool., Rainy Monday morning plus computer network down makes for a sleepy Rhonda., Just added Show @ House of Blues New Orleans 9/28/2012 Can't wait to see & play with some friends!, We are celebrating our 2 yr. anniversary all day #ABQ! Come by and get your #FREE doughnut of choice at either of our locations., I want success, Avengers was a great movie, Hey guys! Havent been on much. But I'm on now. So what have you guys been up to?, yeah karla told:), We now offer our Herradura Double Barrel Reposado "to-go" with you for $80!, Makes me loose a little respect for those people!, Love watching #106&Park & seeing my boos & <3 you killed it :), One time I died while pooping., Yeah and thanks!:D, Why didn't the win w/ Orton?, Have you noticed that has put out 4 tweets in the last 22 hrs?, Same pic and da name was close as hell SMDH, Winds in the past 48 hrs in N. CA of Mt. Diablo are hurricane force. Crazy stuff when you see Redwood trees shaking like licorice whips., we would love for you ladies to talk about design, starting zines, playing bass :) summer '10 it's on, haha Ikr! It's like,what am I, Jupiter?, OMFG. I AM IN LOVE WITH UR SONG, What up, Shelly?! How's the Twitterverse treating you??, Now, #Pinterest is everywhere. How to get measurable results with Pinterest? [#marketingtips], You NEVER forget who owe you some money ., WHAT ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT? :D, I've already been wearing big blue gear all week #BIGBLUEFRIDAY was already part of my plan!, RT : RT : Whoever blocking your #blessings, YOU need to block out of your life. #livistithramblings, <thx 4 RT, Good Morning from MooN&Starr, I really wanna white g-shock., Thanks! RT : Check out !! I love their music and they're a great musical influence on me., yea.. I wanted to get a tattoo ... its either that or a bed. Boo, Dumb ass ebanks they gonna suspend yo u for taking off ur jersey I guess u didn't learn anything from bynum last yr smfh, "Wow. I wish I could speak whale.", San Diego - Comic Con tonight!, ": Just cause an officer there accidentally disarmed his gun and shot a wall.. #smh #lamenigga" this made my night. xD, Emy! C'mon in, the water's fine!, you coming to dinner club on Sunday Danno? #pureawesome ;), Roberto Garza gets a new contract. Thank you. Now how about the best back in the league???, Happy Factoid Friday! This one comes in the form of a question..., In search of Baltimore Hon wigs (5 of them)... any leads??? :), Well, I probably won't. It's been over 30 years with none. But then I may change my mind. Lots of ppl regret their tattoos., This is actually more comfortable now . . . #whyamigeekingoutaboutmycarrel?, Love your Avatar!, Favorite sub in spanish class, . yeah, I'm excited. And it's a packed house. Feeling very under-read though..., Sorry. RT : #ThingsThatPissGirlsOff When their boyfriend has a job., It's TOO EARLY IN THE MORNING TO GET UPSET!!! LORD CALM MY NERVES!! I HAVE TO REMIND MYSELF THAT NEXT WEEK IM GRADUATING!!!, about 2 emcee this Indiana Ice game! It's Family Night, so come and hang out...puck drop @ 7:05pm!, That shit makes you sleep like a bear., Today might be Friday the 13th, but it'll be your lucky day if you write for even just a little bit., downside :) Brisbane’s tunnel vision: numbers look like pie in the sky, Looking forward to again sharing the stage with and tonight in Dayton, OH at One Eyed Jacks! All ages show!, jump too soon, & bad things happen., ... partly because his version of a "hero" story lets his healer superpower compensate for his general shittiness. Maybe this is similar., On the Road again.. next 6 days, that was a really interesting segment regarding tornado chasers., Home Sweet Home...so happy to see my Bacca, I can't wait for your album to come out!!!!!!!!, Wow! I can't believe this shit! I guess, I think the background noise at the massage therapist's today was the sound of mermaids being tortured. fun!, Anybody remember the "Buggs Bunny & Road Runner Show?", When I see that one drunk guy at a party trying to be funny while nobody listens I remember our podcast., #mycrushof2011 Jack Honey, I hate house huntinf especially being out of state., Sometimes I wish my friends didn't know I had money/:, Instagram is not a place for you to post nasty pictures of yourself in your sports bra and boy shorts after your work out. you're not cute., Anaheim CA: you rock so hard. Thanks for the fireworks after we played &thanks for being full of cool kids. Yr so much more than teacups., In the union of love I have seen In a mystic miniature the prefiguring vision Of the heavens that saints and poets have imagined, Shooter can't cross the plane of the free throw line until it touches the rim. Otherwise, perfectly timed., This is not cool doe, Just learned a great word., Thanks for following! Love your jewelry, and your mission., Teradata Announces National Merit Scholarship Winners for 2012, Roger will be signing copies of Life Itself starting at 1PM tomorrow in the lobby of the Newberry Library in Chicago., asdfghjkl Stefano. <U+E328> Excuse me while I fangirl., Dang I got this, Funny after reading an article that suggests men have better relationships, my TL tells me different. Life is back to what I knew., so who has romantic dining suggestions for valentine's day? houston based - and no franchises, please., RT MIKE EPPS OR KEVIN HEART?--KEVIN HART!!!, Alabama Arkansas I do love my ma and pa, Why is everyone tweeting he must be online ;), Got the #tuneinradio app. So ready for the return of, yeah you gotta open tomorrow ., Our gang is forward to hearing you speak!, Hey boys!!! Joshua Ledet is Ready for Love, y'all., Got done early at work:), Tonight...#phoenixcoyotes #glendale #lakings #hockey #party YES!, Waywaywaywait... Aren't you in a happy relationship? I mean the dude DOES make your bed., been a minute bro. How is everything fam., SO proud of my husband for booking his 2nd film since we got back to LA. Two auditions and two books! Pretty great odds! :), Hell yea u can take me out ...# shocked, FITTED CAP ON ;-), Well night tweeters I hoping my dream will come true and it is on April 28, home now; taking it down for church in the morning! what a fun day...lady macbeths and spades...so fun!, did you make that whole big stack of bracelets?:O, Also, , what's with the commercials with the douchey furries? Are your offices in the Dallas zoo?, A Black Belt now equipped with two indestructible plastic hips?, *sighs right back*, Someone might crawl in bed with me, but I wouldn't recommend it, MOL!, loo thanks jerry, #SometimesIWonder where I'm gonna be in 5 years... heck, even 2 years, I missed a lot today! why were you on TV? I'd love to go to Seattle, but I have to work on Black Friday :(, How are you man?, So wonderful to see Natalie Portman win. Congrats!, Why is it after the breakup, the ex seems to be nicer than when you were with them?, Starting #2012 off with cold pizza and playstation 2, #ThingsImGoodAt reading peoples body language., sorry, i keep RTing you. HAHA but, you gotta love THG, I feel the same way!, The Lakers are gonna get SWEPT, and imma love every second of it, RT : u can't fake culture in recruiting but can u evolve by hiring ppl who embody who u want 2b?, Ryan Seacrest signs a 2 year extention for American Idol... 15 million a year. Who says good things don't happen to good people?, good point., nothing wrong, and so, so much right., Hanging out at Gatorville. Beautiful evening!, getting javy guerra's ass out of the closers role!, outkicked yr coverage, eh? love having you on the morning drive., Sun hats & fedoras, getting ready to call it a nite, I'm pretty sure that's grammatically incorrect. RT: Critz: "I've learned how to talk to a TV much better than I did before.", Thank you!!, omg you're nuts, me too and a couple signs, Ty u too, MT When your global head of mktg can't even pretend to relate to/want your product, either you/he shouldn't be in that business, two days til the Tony Awards, three days til the Gala, four days til my birthday. i'm starting to get excited!, 9am-3pm. Have a great music concert. I am hoping to make it down there., Thnx for the follow Ryan! I think I've seen one of your videos. You're a hot guy :P, So apparently today is National Eat What You Want Day...??? Do I even need to make the obvious joke here? lol, Parent's just don't understand why don't parent's understand ., was it? gotta go check that out!, Apparently this just isn't going to workout., Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks! MT : Really yum dinner of Mahi Mahi at Kramers, followed by caramel frap from Starbucks, finally caved and bought into the office lotto pool., disappointed that your leaving, but happy for you...especially since you get to be in your home town!, Next Dan Marino. He got a future, unlike Miss Cleo., no, it's fake, But I wish it was real :), The kiddos are loading the busses now for our #BellAFB Kid's Play Day... headed to Main Event and the Fort Worth Zoo!, Follow back! .xx (:, you actually should have. Make sure our promo email is white listed, Yeah, I should just borrow ur formula. We could have dueling Mug Mondays!, Little brother and their new Orange uniforms will have plenty of excuses. Davidson can beat UL., only 28 days until graduation!!!, my goal is to be the first contributor on the show to get discussed in an actual story, If I Die Tomorrow would you please tell him that I love him and i will never forget him. BITCH IM TALKING ABOUT JUSTIN BIEBER, i was just at the gym! :D 30 mins on the treadmill(:, haha I know... I miss her when she's gone, the problem comes when she visits!, Everything is hockey and I don't care, Are you a displaced Texan in Florida like me?, At BWI gate- we'll make it for the show!, glad to hear that!, rofl yes an win in reg season struggles is postseason, : he speak : Romney for natural marriage, Obama for unnatural marriage. and Bryan calls himself a Christian?!?, RT : 4.28.1793: “I consider the people who constitute a society or nation as the source of all authority in that nation"..., Tweeting & driving as well.., bishhhh you know I wished you THE MOST happy mothers day. It's 11:59 and still counts!! I win, I ain't even talkin bout u silly, i surrender., Thanks for the G+ comment. Have a great weekend, Ayush!, we have california sunshine today and i thought of my 2 fave california boys. xo, as if there weren't enough reasons to come to our charity pub crawl, the 1st 25 registrants get FREE AVIATORS TOO!!, wednesday already wow, My eyes are already tired, but I have to do a lot of writing today!, hahahaha I heard the bus engines start and I got so scared and I was running in flip flops hahaha, Going to see American reunion wit my niggas, (bryan) This is a fun question I just asked a friend: "Would you be interested in being a sometimes participant or an all out instigator?", Life sucks when you have a good heart. You help too much. You trust too much. You give too much. And most importantly, you love too much., I think I'll replace Clippy with Captain Obvious in my lecture slides., wow, that is amazing. congrats!, . to release statement, possibly today, to explain "opportunities" and "rules" of ANC 3D 07 residents' petition, cheering from sidelines at the moment. Working on plucking up the courage, I'm somewhat embarrassed to say., "Let them be mad... If you don't like my music, don't listen!", I love a great argument, especially if I am the winnter., Im so tired! Another sleepless night with a sick kid!! Early gym day this morning did not help!, Let's pray for the 6 people who have been kidnapped by the guerilla in #Colombia, that they may b found & saved, Most improved organization -- !, My ex just texted me telling me to get the fuck over her?? Wtf? Grow up., Thanks for the RT of my wine adventure on #LongIsland Greatly appreciated, Monday Morning Meeting. Here we go., Deciding to spare twitter from the incredible amount of emotion that's about to come over me., do you still remember us? The mahomies who have been by your side since the beginning of 2011? I miss you..., And then I spilled beer all over the couch., #NeverShouldYouEver get mad at me for not txtn back you txtd all slow and shit my fone doesnt work with fossil minutes., The kids are riding an ice-cream buzz. Not sure the wife and I will survive this one., Feeling guilty after working 9 hours bc I didn't work 12. Work addiction sucks., Some inspiring presentations today kicked offed by Tony Hsieh CEO of Zappos.com, follow post, FLY RT : Chilling wit the homie in my new avi!!! #ForeverFly Power Move!!!, Hey Zuri, follow back please? :D, “: I dnt care bout being called ugly” They got Chueee fCkd Up !!, How Do You Know About Vinny?, thanaks for the follow, Ok my bets are Union Rags, Bodemeister, take charge Indy, Daddy Nose best, Hanson, gemologist, and done talking is my big long shot, Pay Attention !, It is except that you can save and tag links and take notes. You can also access it from any device., that's right! A shorter version though. Have to fit it into 30 min., Thanks for following, A ray of sunshine, a balmy breeze Are a gift from God above, And He also gives us faithful friends. To warm our hearts with love., Its on 79th Street btw Amsterdam and Broadway, called Blondies., Anyone that supports us now will get free stuff (stickers/wristbands) in 2012 when the full line-up is announced. <3, thanks I'm a proud momma. :), And shaky., u gay bruh, Jaguar Announces Future Powertrains, Thanks…I agree! Are you ready for the weekend?, Sounds great! I'm looking forward to reading your tweets. :), it will be 'vintage' by opening day next year., gym kicked my ass today!! #sore -_-, Can't breathe out my fucking nose , urghhh !, I hate being lied to., Dinner with Mom's before the game I Love You, It's clearly a ticket from the future!, My nephew is adorable! Love u Declan!, Only if it's in a different shower, Nobody likes a flaccid experience., #LasVegas #Mayweather after party! Get at me for more or my team for more info., there's no "R" in chicago AND no "S" in Illinois, Epic Seats is now on Twitter in Full force!! For ticket updates make sure you find them here.. Cheers!, There are some creepy ass people at Hurricane.., next time try the comments on a YouTube video, Nolan Smith....Congrats, Thanks Girls and Happy Saturday..Hope it's warm and sunny where you are!, Not till Wednesday technically, but it's my birthday week. :-), I love talking to (:, At Flight Club Recording Studio wit "Mr. Hard on dem tracks" wit me when I say DUDE UP NEXT!, starting the study sesh with #themotto actually just makes me want give up and drink., I'm starting to wonder if the 2 weeks off for #SportingKC was really a good thing or not for them..., I will miss them so much., That just too bad, so I'll understand if u ignore me..., chillin wb you all, Let your past make you better not bitter ;), lunch time YEAH FINNALY i was starving, Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!, hi friends. an overcast tuesday in hollywood., Re the local fireworks ban: FireARMS are a perfect Latino substitute. "You can take our Black Cats, cabrón, but NOT our Black Cuetes!!!", Just throwing it out there. Where do I rate on your all-time asshole scale 1-10? Don't worry about offending me, assholes dont get offended., We're reached 59 Facebook Fans! Who will be number 60? www.facebook.com/InnerHarmonyTherapyServices, So glad is back on her #NextChapter with hard-hitting, no holds barred interviews like &, Reminiscing about spring break with <U+2764> can I get a reeeefilllllllll?! SOMEONE GET THIS BITCH A REFILL!, Good for you! Inspiring., New York, NY- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 150 dollars. (Casting Code A1), why you askin' all them questions? assuming?, Champaign on a Tuesday? Haven't you gone all Hunter S Thompson., this is awesome! much love from austin!, you're a lifesaver. gimme a quick follow so I can send a DM, Successfully employing the "private Twitter list" strategy for reducing noise. Here's to Lent and kind of fasting., "I think someone took the Complete Scandinavian Cookbook to the beach."--our book repair student worker., TRAFFIC ALERT: I-90 EB - RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 (EDGERTON) DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE. USE CAUTION., On the final day of intensive radiation treatment, Mario Lemieux made the trip to Philadelphia to play in the Penguins-Flyers game., hey guys thanks for the follow. We should should have some shirts by June!, #UTSAShowcase be there!!! Thursday!!, you're welcome and thank you; happy UX building!, that would be nice but rushing thru it probably didn't help. :(, is way too excited about books on tape, #10ThingsThatAreAttractive of course, Independent voters want their voices to be heard!, To my Lakers-fan followers: I know this is brutal, I was expecting this. But we must go thru this to get a better team. Destroy to rebuild., the messages were viewed and yes you first! Email us your mailing information at, thanks for the mention!, The first step in getting people to own their stuff starts with a good, long look in my own mirror., almost put me to sleep though :b, I think he just means "reference when an extreme lens length is used"... I'll talk 90% about sound anyway and call it a day., " Can you boo former UO defensive standouts Justin Wilcox and Peter Sirmon?" >>No - they deserve to make a living. Good guys., It's Candice's birthday?! Well happy birthday I love you! #TeamVampireBarbie :), well I don't work out yet. Im waiting till i have too! But I do have birthdays and presents are always a plus!, Thanks 4 the mention, Norwalk, CT: We are looking for an Assistant Market Research Associate. DM if interested, for more info, or w/ a referral, Have they come up with a cure for jungle fever?, the sun is actually out and shining brightly! I think we're clear for the night., ty yes i'm italian/sicilian, I wish the relays was all inclusive., DC Hoyas hosting #HoyasHomeownership seminar now!, Get something hot together my Dogg., oh yea that was funny haha, Ive told you twice already! RT : I'm sick of these dark circles under my eyes. I look like I have two black eyes!, Ahh i miss u bitches!, haven't read details of & steelers; but with current 37,000 likes on his FB post; impressed with his social media presence., hahaha!!!! I have been there :), Can't wait for this day to be over., Love doesnot have to be perfect, it just has to be true, Pandora. Love., thanks! :) spread the word about it!, What's going on in the sunshine state? So far this season, only the Jags have won a game. They got the upset over the Texans!, Are you going to include the old school rabbit ears?, Wich destination are you most interested on?, Damn its hot!, wants everyone to have a happy National Teacher's Week. So do it!, Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished. ~ Leslie Nielson, stayed up this late, just to take in that my hero, wouldn't be my hero today, if it wasn't for right now this day when he made "kidrauhl", yep; that seems right, Thanks so much! I'm an adult! *scared face*, Plus the game seems to have pretty good replay value too. Probably the best game, that's NOT A REMAKE, on the 3DS so far!, Thanks D, RT : Reframe librarian as innovation seekers & patrons as participants; libraries r about finding "ah ha's", Thanks baby RT SHOUT OUT, Study study study, #inmiddleschool was my comin out party as far as da ladies .... Start gettn noticed, Arjen Robben would look great in a Liverpool shirt, I got so many things I wanna do in life... Can u combine em all into one thing?, Friedman arguing that taking emails out of context is a "falsification"., can you follow me back? :), Enjoying the last few NFL games of the year. GO EAGLES, I change the date on my homework to make it seem like I did it earlier., I don't just blatantly say this to someone I don't know but U R one of the best actresses of our generation! 1 gal's kudos :), When I get to writing a post on Intuniv, I'll make sure to let you know. Thanks for your interest in my work!, Totes auditioning for collabatsea!, :D I have lots of random thoughts while riding my bike or on the bus. I thought, "hey! I should tweet these!" Hah, Still working VERY HARD on our NEW site and very exciting summer launch. Please stay tuned, Thanks, Maine Global, Success does not come to the timid, to those who wait, or those that follow. Success comes to the bold, the brave and those willing to risk, New post: Wine Sale - Up to 70% off Retail with FREE Shipping, "Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement." - C. S. Lewis, Seriously miss being miami!!! Talked to the bestie all night and that made it worst miss him soo much!! Cant wait to viait this summah :), naa he was a champ.. tried getting cus he didnt make it past pregame again. but he woke up for once it was craz, I can see that young Bieber girl really growing into her looks., Luis Scola is soo underrated. He can ball., it will never happen again. That's all, Ha! its my first one. :D lolz, too tired to get dressed to go out haa, thank you #fritolay customer service!, just send it bk let me hear it...., New to this twitter thing., The worst part about politics is that you're always right and no one ever knows it., Water monitoring program continues May 14: “The monitoring program reaffirms our commitment to the surveillance and protection of the..., “: The first of many wins for Sporting KC this season. Good work everyone. Winning is a habit. #SKCNation” << aww yeah!! Game on!, haha not at all u seemed so carefree and having a blast lol, UGH SO tired of being punished for my strength- shouldn't someone rise to the occasion instead of me stooping to down to his/her level?, I hate how this man comes and starts talking shit., I'm with your hubby on this one :), lol i feel it. Maybe soon but I don't have shit right now., I love you Cody I'm here to support you through everything, Print out this page for Buy one get one free lunch with purchase of 2 drinks. expires 12/23/2010, Thanks for spending Easter with me & Enjoyed it very much!, Thank you so much to the for inviting us to be a part of Urban Scrawl 2011! We love Franklinton!, #nextsoundcloud is a redesign of our web app to create a simpler, faster, more social experience for our community (private beta), Tony Allen is Tyson Wright in shape., yes I'll post a pic!, <--- looking good!, How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand, Follow me on, amazeballs! How are you?! :), My CNN addiction is becoming unhealthy., fuck! is playing south by so what?! ah. im sofaking excited., well idk bc my birthday is june 14 and my mom said she ia gonna get me and iphone and so idk I REALLY WANT TO GO, Hope you guys had a great dinner...cheers!, Assignment instructions must be explicit., We've had so much growth that we need more sponsors. Anybody want to step up? Maybe suggest a company or two we should contact?, oh ok! menos mal, That'd make me Leon Phelps! RT : Just saw an ad for NESN program called Dirty Water TV. That's an SNL sketch, right?, Getting ready for school :) I hope i have a GRAND day, Who is this long blonde hair girl, lol are u, It kills me just as much., If you follow tell him and he will follow back, At home bored lets talk....<3, Gos please save Rihanna. I don't think thats a dont give a f*** attitude anymore. I think she losing it a lil., RT : 1:30AM making pie dough and rubbing meats for tomorrow. Lots of hard work, but you guys make it all worth it., Kylie Morgan will be in the house tonight throwin' down some major jams. Come out and enjoy a slider to some rocking music!, that was quick... RT : Democrat Bob Kerrey's first television ads will run today. It's a substantial buy., The problems I am having with Twitter today have nothing to do with activating my new Google+ account., New topic - Initial EM-5 impressions from long time Olympus user, Lines for the boats for the statue of liberty is a 1 hour and 30 minute wait today, Amazing and weird creatures exhibit bioluminescence - Blue Planet - BBC Earth, Okay! No biggie, let us know! :-), He was pointing out that there are very large stashes of non-source-code IP now being managed in Perforce., just got my clown suit. it is fantastic. (bow), Note to self - do not take a self-help book you're 2 embarrased 2 read in public as your only form of entertainment on a cross country trip., "I showed her what a wilmarie is bitch" - #BGC6REUNION :] Love you bby!, Y U NO SMART, i guess everything is officially done now.., Cedeno...not the sharpest tool in the shed, My shins are, We will never progress as long as people never care. So care., not you either..!!, In Germany .... not so much. Which is why my wife makes fun of me., You mean there's a cat sitting video you can play while you're gone at work for your kitty? With birds and squirrels? CK is so getting this., u got a new follower, Hope all is well! When are we going to get you down here?! Still waiting. =), we played for Santa from the Macy's Day Parade!, Check my French., #goodday trend continues., diddo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> you're not the first person to tell us this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, Headed to Gainesville, The following of is still out of hand. Haha you said you were giving me until yesterday. I'm feisty today!! Help!!, Teaching the baby to walk is by far the dumbest thing I have done this month!, I really need to go see Swept Away as soon as possible. I'm obsessed with their exhibition series on materials., you have an army of doggelgangers., These #AngryBird bandaids will destroy the cut on my thumb like the birds destroy ice, wood, and bricks., Without a doubt best halftime time show of all time. Madonna! Cee Lo! Nikki Manaj! MIA! So incredibly awesome., Epic fail... Tripped and fell on my butt trying to get out of a booth ... Oh gosh. Lord, please help me. (: haha, Can't wait until tomorrow I'm going out., Last minute mothers day presents.... Walmart time..., Happy to say that Kaylee has won our Book of Mormon Challenge. She has done it in 3 1/2 weeks. So proud of her., You will rock! Wish I could be there!, Post Mortem => After death, Never going back to my docs.. They don't help me ., Hi Trev! On episode 25 u mentioned that CDs won't pay attention to lesser known improv schools, just the big ones. Question..., whoa! Please tell me u just left hair/makeup... If not, prayin 4 u bro., We can add any image to your Monster Kart, Bag Toss, 360 Game Pod, and more, yaaaay what's your username ?, It's Friday! Come get a beer. Anna is waiting., #everyblackneighborhood hav that 1 honorRoll kid who dont get in2 any trouble,has a future N sports BUT end up gettin killed, was being #awkward last night when we were skyping. Now I'm going to tweet her until she wakes up., As it should be #bestever RT MC bracket and Tupac edges Eminem by just over 100 votes., congrats Kevin! Making Wisco extremely proud!, This was last July, one of my major rules: NO REFINED CARBS! make sure everything is whole wheat, multigrain, whole grain, etc., So, who's making it out to the Flashmob tonight?, Let's keep up this momentum! Next zoom is so close we can almost taste it! Get all of your friends to help #RepeatReceipt!, can I get a follow or a retweet from the best team in baseball?, WAKE UP IN THE MORNING FEELING LIKE.....going back to sleep., cant wait baby boy, Job Hunt...Its going to be an interesting ride!, Thanks Amanda for promoting :), don't for get to vote tomarow for Albertobocanegra punch #55 for 12th ward Aldermen, “: rocks... Nuff said. #SimplicityIsBestForKindRemarks” // Thanks Rocco! You're the best!, K Town you in there deep , nice pix :), Can't wait til my birthday so I can get my tattoo that drew for me<3, "The Panthers are spending money like ..." Josh McDaniels trades draft picks, Excited to see Brandi Carlile & tonight!, Preferrably a black lab or a german shepard, NFL announces distribution of Legacy Fund designed to support retired players., ive always wanted to see them live. let me know if you go and i'll totally tag along., Gianna watching Beaker sing Joyful Joyful on UTube. That was her father & I's Church wedding song. We went trumpet - not Muppet., Crazy! RT : NYC's population is growing poorer w/over 1.7 million at/below poverty line, 1million NYC residents use food stamps., it's good to know someone misses me! Sorry I wasn't there to entertain you the past 3 days.. At least you have, no prob dude and will do(:, lol. yes, it's hard being one of two SF, PR, Digital junkies that follow CTIA and are rabid 49ers fans. NO ONE KNOWS OUR PAIN, Spring forward? Already? Ok! On it!, Thanks for the follow. Let's think snow., 6 DAYS LEFT! - we could use a kick this weekend! $340 to get to $12,000...Plz - getting lots of support look fb.me/NX6DFapH, A lot of biceps in The Avengers ...., The Hunger Games was awful..., :D my cousin so made my day!, Zilla Man killing the mic right now..., Lol I'm kidding with you. What are you up to sir?, Sitting down at lunch to read one of my favorite annual reads -- 'The Best Of the Twin Cities' City Pages. It's more enjoyable every year., I wanna ride my bike! :(, Who came up with the number 140 for the limit anyway? Haha it so random!, The panini was... poison :-Q,.., RT : “Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.” – Robert Brault, End of the second half, USF 0 - 0 RU. Going into overtime. Come on you Bulls!, Watching on Comedy Central! Fkn love him!, We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!, Good morning guys, - Love the Elevation Dock update on Kickstarter! Can't wait to get mine - will local pick up be available?, and the only thing that can stop Kobe is the shits! Haha, Congrats, ! Your name was picked to win the second I-Tunes gift card. We will DM you soon!, Hey dude you ever tried scuba? We dive lake mead every weekend. We are huge fans, Thanks for following, #Cubs manager Dale Sveum hinted at a possible closer change after Carlos Marmol's meltdown, #Thatembarrassingmomentwhen I trip up a sidewalk and land strait on my face!, Remember to consume enough fruits and veggies, they are nutrient dense and low calorie foods!, . thank you for your challenging questions to my proposal to take up role as your spiritual leader. Will reply in due course., same here, Last month mine was less than $30 this month probably be like $75-$80 I'm an energy saving grinch, Watching Madea's Big Happy Family this Easter day!, You usually dont reply to us who dont spam anyways. </3, That's great! Send them along: mcdermott[at]jhu[dot]edu, I don't follow her. Just saw an article today and was like .. OK I forgot her for a minute but good for her lol, hey whats new how you been, Performing 2 shows Tonight w/ 2 different bands at 2 different venues! 1st Tiger Bar w/ Deathtrap America 2nd Plan B w/ Weresquatch, I'm in, but shouldn't we buy them together?, Hey Marcus. I'm well. The SM training is going well. I'm taking over my store in June for 3 months cuz my SM is going on mat. lea., I was kinda hoping would turn a new corner by having Greendale and all her ridiculousness be made-up in a mental institution., You got one?, Welcoming warm san diego weather. Ah, Workplace #safety tip: Rest the muscles of your eyes by focusing on a distant object occasionally, Its okay I guess. ;/, tried to audition for the x factor online but the servers have crashed. damn, everybodys tryin to audition for britney, I wanted to febreze homless people today but we didn't have any. Was gonna use axe, but "axing homeless people" doesn't sound very good., RT : #pda2011 - Applying principles of agile software to digital archiving: Saving everything does devalue the precious thing, You're welcome! We are doing good. We've just been busy writing alot of new songs lately. How are you?, Picking our winners shortly!, On Office Hours w/ and Paraphrase TP "You can have the best strategy in world yet must get the ppl stuff right 1st", Just show the 10 baskets the Cavs made tonight against DET. RT : We're firing up the #SCtop10 room & need YOUR suggestions!, Watchin the Heat game highlights piss me off. U never go off on yo coach like that. They were losin anyways he wuda sat out til after 4th., wasn't aware of that last night, thanks for the clarification., RT : Authentic leaders build more leaders, not a bigger following., i dont know what that guy talkin about lol, NV "I have been a longtime supporter of marriage equality for all Americans and am glad [Obama] has embraced this civil right.", thanks for the retweet! Great to meet you this week!, OH MY GOSH HAVE FUN AT BAMBOOZLE., Aight got you, Please... Do NOT zoned me out., I checked out "The Way You Are" and I have to say, you are amazing!!! :), I just knew today wasn't gonna go well and I was right., slow down short hair don't care, u need to up Ur appetite, Olivia is so difficult!, sorry hun. Always catching w u when I can. And always looking forward seeing u., no. my mom is getting sumfin for my grandma. & im trying to get my mom to get a pool, I love you, everythings gonna be alright :,), Wow, 50,000 people have seen our magazine in less than a week!, No more mr.nice guy..., so, random though- your picture is gorgeous! how long did it take to do that artwork??!, Consider a pre-natal massage with us? We won 2010-2011 Best of Citysearch for Pregnancy massage. Check in at FS to earn points., and u will. Print your book i send you list of agencies, We will be leading worship at Calvary Baptist on Nov. 20-21. Looking forward to see what God has in store., By the way: needs to stop hatin' for real! It's just not cute!, Often you get the best insights by considering extremes--by thinking of the opposite of that which you are directly concerned. -C. Wright Mi, THANK YOU! So excited :'), Dear soundtrack to The Saint (1997), Thanks for making everything possible. Love, Speedy-Kyle, about time, Congrats to and Kentucky. The way that team played together was something great to watch., Dear SF 49ers - it would really mean a lot to the city of Baltimore if you could beat the Steelers tonight. Merry Christmas,, u r AWESOMME! yesterday was AMAZING, Setzke!! It'll be ok! I promise..., Gave up trying to understand electromagnetism for my final tomorrow. #Parenthood marathon instead!!, watching the wedding planner, thanks so much. And thanks for being such a great sport!, Tough to notice in Vegas, but my personal style has absorbed a lot of southern CA. I like feeling laidback., RT : Video of the team that worked on our #RHoK challenge. Intro by Great event by &, Drake - Crew Love :), The best places to pickup women : everywhere but the bar/club, #GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Rubber Soul, While u all up on titter, a year ago, this would be a good performance for the Knicks. Fans, be happy about that, #Humber has pitched a #PerfectGame for the White Sox, NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE LAYAWAY! VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER! WSLAST, Again, why do we think that Gallardo is our ace?, . ! I simply love her! Thank you, PLEASEE FOLLOW ME ? (:, thanks for the follow :), figured I'd follow you on twitter to my friend., #Occupy isn't getting as much attention at #mla12 as I expected. Has the academy's activism turned largely inward?, ctfu these people tripping., I reaaaaallllyyyyy miss him!, wow manu looks pathetic, I love the new google today! R.I.P Les Paul. Amazing man who made amazing guitars :)., We are ordering new shirts and wristbands!!!, Welcome message from ATSU Board of Trustee Vice Chair, Kenneth Jones, D.O., I'm pretty sure he is okay... prob just some personal issues he is dealing with, RT “: I predict more hits for ” --yeah, if she keep hanging out with cris brown..., Please don't stop the music :), Nice RT ": A4. Best entrepreneurs perhaps need mindsets of long-distance runners, agility of sprinters. #UBUSensations", it sure was...isn't that great! and it's an affordable camera, too. #ohthepossiblities!, sorry...Hyatt wants $500 for Internet access in the room. Doesn't make sense for 3 hours., Last year, I asked Santa for the sexiest person ever for Christmas.. I woke up in a box., okay you got it! i will keep you tuned!, Yes, the world is creative! Are you a painter or a programmer or something magical in between?, I have an appointment with John Casablancas modeling and acting agency (cross your fingers on that one) and just got back, When have you felt the most safe in God’s hands?, wow, thanks! It was my pleasure!, Have a great show w/ tonight! We are all good w/lou for 10/8. Try to check out Chris Garneau at Spaceland Sunday!, Well I'm about ready to release my World Cup tickets back to FIFA. I just don't think I can afford to go this time around., Welcome to the dude... We've been waiting for a middle LB like you since Trotter..., mi amor! I miss you too! (Its a given how much I love you) How have you been Wonder Woman? We must meet up., Just taught my sister what an "encore" is. "All the big bands do it?" -, Lets go Lakers!!!, Make sure to join my fanbridge list if you haven't already. I just sent my members a free song that isn't available anywhere else., My windshield wipers and my mascara have both stopped working this week. Is someone trying to tell me something?, Why do you work so hard to show a lady how much you care for her and she could care less about you???, I think I MIGHT be in love with you, because of those last two twitpics., My Internet Business also features professional ad copy written my top internet marketing copywriters to maximize conversions, The bang was so loud that the Black Eyed Peas forgot The Time, while Rihanna had memory loss and ran around saying Whats My Name., So enjoyed your visit. Already looking forward to next time! Safe travels!, RT this if you want to do a twitcam :), I put fire symbols looking good !!!, Thank you! Website/IMDb/and FB page all in the works for Last Goodbye. We like to work backwards! :), riding to work on a llama would be sweet., You rock Cesar \m/, Hello Twitter - I'm back!, IF THERE'S A REASON THAT YOU'RE LEAVING ME TONIGHT, TELL ME WHAT YOU'RE THINKING, TELL ME A LIE!!, Prosecutors in New Hampshire are taking the lead on investigation into death of 6 year old Camden Hughes of Irving, TX., and i have done nothing but bum around all day and it's not lookin like its gonna change tonight., Olivia is a badass., get out while you can, "One civilized reader is worth a thousand boneheads." - H. L. Mencken // thanks to, Red wine and SNL, Woohoo! Monsanto's GMO's are going down in CA! A million petition signatures were gathered to put label GMOs on ballot in NOV!!, Merry Easter <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>, that was two pretty evenly matched teams. Nice year., No freaking way. The Wiener's Circle is now a TV show! Television has reached new heights and I'm here to witness it!, you are just the greatest, mary anna., #QuestionsIHateBeingAsked " How tall are you " haha obviously taller than you ! 6', Great day at the lake today lots of tubin behind the boat. Wore out ombre, More from Fitch report: unsettled European market means bigger chunk of European cov-lite debt being sold to US investors., where you been?, The fact that you moved on and im the one with the broken heart, RT : Putting together final details for our Local Arts Classroom session, "Stewardship and Resource Development"!, Congrats Martini principal, , on your raffle prize!! It better be something awesome!, Sorry, I can't hangout. My uncle's cousin's sister in law's best friend's insurance agent's roommate's pet goldfish died. It was tragic., Thank you again everybody for letting me hang out with you all. :), Yikes, market looks terrible today!, As we've reported in the past, the earliest the #INStateFair case would go to trial would be 2013, Smart thinking, are you on the Acela? I have food and drink recs for lunch, too., Oh my god, BRILLIANT!, In ebook record the interesting 500 note: "includes internet access." Really? Internet access comes with the ebook? Intrigued. Skeptical., Pensions, civil service reform, and the silver question were among the chief of these, We want to see ALL of you at Rage For Recovery! Please get there on Saturday!, Not sure it was the fans' emotions that were a big part of this trade..., Should I stay or should I go now? If I go there will be trouble. If I stay there will be double!, Ha! U got jokes!, RT : Watching him throw today was the next step in this important process for our team and Peyton. It was a productive visit..., Help us hit 1k and mobilize Baltimore! Our 1000th follower gets a $50 gift certificate to Lebanese Taverna courtesy, Ew. My mac n cheese is gross :(, already did. I love her too!, Just heard my first song..it was pretty awesome gotta say im a fan now, we were DMing but he didn't reply so that's on him, The fuck is this bullshit, I wake up at 2:30pm, look out the window & there is snow everywhere! Mother nature to tricky bitch., So is Brad Richards playing today?, if you could print some that would be awesome, I guess no one wants to have plans tomorrow with me?!, Hey Erin! Just shot you an email :) let me know when you get it!, I think I'm hungry, but I'm not sure, 2/11 w/ cd release show. We have tickets, who needs some!?, LOOK FOR YOUR 3 LITTLE BIRDS HAIRSPIRATIONS ON THE RUNWAY! TRIPLE YOUR PLEASURE TRIPLE YOUR FUN WE'RE GONNA ROCK IT 3 NIGHTS NOT JUST ONE!, I actually specifically made FlashCards++ to study for the #GRE, it even comes with an initial set of GRE vocab., It's sunny and warm where we are. Why aren't you here? The trains are here through Sun. Jan 8, don't miss it! $3., Unofficially yours...officially great movie!, Be yourself everyone else is already taken <3, Just a little side note- if any of you guys need prayer about ANYTHING please let me know:) i'm always here to listen! <3 loveyall:), Offensive foul? What, batting cages here I comee. :) time to keep it in, I'm bored. -_____-, THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISHES THIS MORNING!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!! lol, When we taking that MAP shit?, Joan Didion's brilliance continues in Blue Nights--cannot put this book down and can hardly put aside my envy., Does he have a Twitter? Can I add him on FB?, ?OTD - What is going well that you need to do more of?, safe travels, their ipad app is not bad! and alleviates that platform's inexplicable lack of a default weather app, - Every Once in A While i Gotta Do Something Stupid To Remind MySelf That I'm Still Human . ., God Bless for your recovery, continuing prayers for healthy 2012!, TeAmo (i love you), We couldn't agree more if u paid us in Euros, Thanks for the RT!, Now you need to read Hunger Games!, IF YOU SEXY AND U KNOW IT ****RETWEET****, I bought a decaffeinated coffee table, you can't even see a difference. ~Author Unknown, If you love me tweet me a number., I like Valentine's alcohol rules. No need for beer in the clubhouse. Players should be on the bench supporting each other., Music is my life. Whoever takes that away takes my life along with it #thisiswhatido#, I'm someone's spirit animal., Become part of something bigger than a health club. Join a health movement! And when you join the Y before January 31 you pay no join fee!, happy mother's day, I want one of those shakes!, Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-07, Yum. Just tried a Skinny Water Acai Grape BlueBerry. Let's see if it gives me the energy boost it promises...it I'm extra tweetu upi, After work walmart... I was so tired in there I got a freaking cart to push around just to be lazy, Dance meets technology in 2 performances of Alban Elved @ SECCA/ Sat. and Sun. Check www.secca.org for ticket info. Hope to see you there., Excitedly I got me one, I got a runner. And with that he aimed and fired his 30/30. I hope Mad Jack was looking at the Beautiful blue sky, Gd 2 hear bk Bradley FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact, "Her body was distorted. She looked pregnant everywhere.", they could have the police go check up on her., | Thanks for a great session!, Go Rams!, at the Churchill Museum, go to Nov 11, 1918 on the board., thanks so much for the shout out! Really appreciate it!, saw that interview of you speakin on ur tatts.not much into stars but you had a good reason to get that. keep up the goodwrk yo., what was that all about. Bashing was not cool. I get your point about paying your dues, but trashing Blake??????, Yael Cohen () now takes the #bigomaha stage. Been looking forward to this., May 5 is my b-day. Is this good news about the moon or should i hide?, What a weekend! Join us today for the #Rangers vs #Capitals and #Knicks vs #Heat. Great day for NY Sports. Dont 4get to try our BSC Burger, RT : Stoked for the LA gig tonight, and having all the people join us for some awesome music!, I might just declare a new $5 tax on every batch of HOT NOW doughnuts at Krispy Kreme. Cause let's face it, yall would pay it, Study Abroad Myth: I should study abroad my junior year. FACT: The "best" time to go is different for everyone. Visit CIE for more info!, No, I did some of that too. I had 40 hours of travel to schedule. :), IMHO Silence of the Lambs is one of the most rewatchable movies ever, right up there with Few Good Men & PBride., oh yeah, Thanks, it is hard for me to know, I've looked at it so much...., so great to finally meet you in person last night! Just remember--, you know what, Faith Hill? Al and Chris ARE the best on TV, Wait...So thrice isnt a word?! why am i just finding this out now!, if I could I'd "like" this., make me daddy ;), Rusty spur wit my girl, If in NOLA, I'd be doing bike laps around the Arena, taking pix of KY/L'ville fans, instructing them in my head about the *real* Civil War., Soo excited for the Brewers game on Sunday. 350 people will be rockin purple!!, No, you don't win an argument simply because your closing statement was "and I had blood in my stool, so there!". Sorry mom., My mind has been lost., Great day reading scenes with my friend, #director #writer #actor Lucky me! Fun, I thought PR stood for puppetry relations ;), ya I get those too, Down here for worship Im higher every day, For $10 more RCOYWYSAC comes with a spiders crawling on you feature., it tends to rain in the spring. But if fall is anything like last yrs, it'll be 80 til the beginning of October., We'd love to try your gluten-free sausages before kickoff!, Efrain, so nice to see you here! It's been a long time., This is BiebersBakery. I'm on stupid 'daily status update limit'. -___- #lamesauce -Kayla, same outfit every week & #YouWannaImPressMe ??, let me marry you., Sweet. Will call you tomorrow., Weeks and Hart will be difficult/impossible to resign when their contracts are up. We need to use them to re-stock the system., That's a good point. Makes me wonder a lot. I hope so., "special" sexy funny, #davidwest is a thug, This game is intense., but it's for me., Gonna finish #myfavoritexmasmovie tonight- Diehard 2 with my wife., Office day today, working on blog posts and logo ideas. Stay tuned!, Having the hangover from hell today after playing 100/200 stud 8 with , Owais Ahmed and some other guys yesterday..., RT ranger dave will start unlocking the puzzle tomorrow with dates and some clues., Nice Dave., Crap, yolene is screwed, When I go bck to chicago I don't wanna see thia girls face I don't even wanna talk to her, I love that you just used milquetoast, Told me i wasnt good enough, Warning #1: the heavy metal bluegrass sounds of The Gravel Spreaders will be laying waste to Thee Parkside (SF) this Sunday at 4pm, going to six flags fiesta texas for a senior field trip! and you?!, Today's Tip 4 employers: Manage your unemployment and workers' compensation costs with temporary staffing. Call us to learn how 414-272-4544, DESIGN is EVERYTHING is DESIGN, Strange elective Romney foreign policy detour is strange., Dude, tell me about it., deserves an <U+E34B>, . #space and roller coasters. No way one can go wrong with that combo ;), Ha! Pretty sure my wife and I said the same thing at halftime. (I assume we're talking Ric Renner), We see tomorrow :), "Many Waters/Many Floods" has officially been endorsed by the Saint of the Step. Only $4.99 on iTunes. Tap dance it up!, we're so happy to be part of the linkshare network!, Like Zeus/ im bout to #zap you wit the fire., I've already left the house! You can try and use try car charger though, That's fine, just thought I'd come visit. Where u be tonight?, what are you hoping to get for it?, Polo Drawers n Jordan Socks....lol, NEW EDITION OF IS OUT TODAY! PICK UP YOUR FREE COPY ACROSS NEWARK AND VILLAGES!, follow BBTFactory's CEO Dana Randall, #SometimesIGetsickof people apologizing for the things they continue to do., Your biggest dream is way too small. Live & pray with, #NP Jennifer Lopez- Love Don't Cost A Thing, Thanks! We're really excited!, One game down, one game to go, Need some statistical help for how to cope with gut wrenching loss!, Got taste for 2 mcChickens with cheese and bacon with a large fry and drink....OMG I'm starving !, Happy Birthday Mandy!!!, Slip in slide burn on my knee :C, good shot and yes that is U!!! not it, omg!! Don't put it on me!! MDNA is a special occasion... As is any time I come home to Vegas for a visit., I keep thinking bout how my life is gonna change in a matter of days! :-), oh yeah from the "namaste" guy. our apartment will never fully recover from this past weekend., When is going to finally change its name to "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous"?, im done with twitter but to b.s. time. they can't afford my advice. nothings free for me why do them this favor for you?, - lol i love when we have good asz convo's like this we just tawk bout every thing.!!! :), www.shopmayu.com: good news from Peru - the country was included once again in the Guinness Book of World Records for having the highest ..., Its swollen but not broken. I hope it heals soon, Where the hell is #levilowrey. Wonder if he's ever been to the Washington Monument?, These GOP'ers running for Prez are giving me a migraine!, Lots of anger at Hollywood these days. Not enough pub for Pariah, guilt-tripping/pandering for Red Tails and now Spike is ranting. Sheesh., ARE YOU A BIG RAYS FAN. YOU MUST ALSO LIVE NEAR TAMPA. RIGHT, how does the mini handle?, Great shout-out, interesting product RT I'll say it again... LOVE that I can tweet from !, Water runs dry>>>, bonjour! Do you have a contact email?, We just got fliers in at our library advertising Elie Wiesel's talk at XU next month. Did a happy dance. Anyone else going to this?, "when people say they like drake, im like "no.... I LIKE DRAKE"" -, Well, I can finally cross off "Take a hobo shower aboard the #Bainbridge Island Ferry" from my, Good example RT : T2: maybe pointing out how multiple trips to have blood drawn can be reduced would convince older pts?, yo this is hot if yall need beats let me know yall got some heat on yall if yall want to do a track togetherwe can, It's been a great day with a great breakfast, nap and a family bikeride. Now to plow through some writing assignments!, hello cousin!how are you dude?, I need to lose 1.01 lbs a week until my birthday to reach my end goal of 135. Totally doable!, chilling in the starbucks parking lot smh haha, Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars. Its a sports AND racing game, right up your alley, RT : anyone do WP design and want to help me? :), Well I guess im going slacker today (:, National Kiss Day tomorrow? Ohohohohoooon, "I lava challenge" -- Sir Richard Branson Unveils 'Virgin Volcanic', Chicago has 69 points omg, Who needs #tiger way to go Bubba, A man is judged by his peers, players waiting to greet him, NYT subhed to story on the women running Brazil's energy sector: "All you oil sheiks and J.R. Ewings, meet the new boss.", An honest man is always a child. ~Socrates, Is anyone wearing Mexican Pointy Boots? I'd love to know someone that rocks that style, Your a waste of my time so u have to go..., ur so lucky!!! and i hope u had fun at the afterparty!, What's the difference between #deification and #substitution?, Having a hard time distinguishing a "bad boy" from a "good old boy.", #Caps Hamrlik it looks like, dude you guys are moving to denver?? that's badass! i'm going next month but just to visit a friend., i apologize to my global class for giving you all heart attacks. by two essays i include the current event. my bad you may all chill now :), Santorum's idea for zero taxes on overseas profits invested directly back into the US is brilliant., SHOW TODAY! Versus Leviathan, Jamie's Elsewhere, Scarlet O'Hara! doors at 7 @ White Rabbit! $10! BE THERE! This will be Episode 4.75!, too bad no one will remember marcum's nice start in the begining of the season after these dreadful playoff starts, #DIFF 2012 Day 8 - The day before the awards..., we set up a group meeting for 10:30am. i don't wanna have to wait for you cuz you're buying concert tickets..., his games for his 3ds he is so xcited, Gotta love the freelance lifestyle. :), Making a living is not the same thing as making a life., My followers are dropping like flies! What's happening?!, I think you're scrimshawed on the backs of my eyelids., I am so sore from last nights game. Barely made it down the stairs this morning. Happens when I hit triples and have to run hard., Sure hope it does someday. no res why not! n everyone gets on the same pge.Been nice talkin to ya. hve a good one! <3, naa i wish the worst for you, for causing problems with my relationship, ruining my life, ruining friendships, you just deserve the worst., Sessions has turned Matt Barnes back into the role player he once was in Orlando. Gotta Love it, I have an extra ticket for Seattle 2.0 awards tonight (I'm not going to be able to go). LMK if you want & will try to xfer., If you are uneasy every time someone rubs you the wrong way or you are rejexted, how will you ever get polished? You can STAND / OUT., Hey #Orioles, maybe next year will be your year. Probably not, but I'm taking the optimistic route today., trying.... Doing., just watched ghost adventures man crazy I couldn't of done that mad props!!!!, My mom just admitted she puts on my cd in the car, even when I'm not in it. I taught her well. She's singing with me now. :), What motivates you? What skills are required to be a lifelong learner?, I have a test next period o:, 7/22 is my birthday. Beyond excited., I'm convinced the office coffee has 45x the caffeine than any other coffee. Possible Colombian crop crossing., may the fourth be with you, I knew a guy that was so full of himself he broke out in narcicysts., Should I attempt an all-vinyl show tonight in honor of #RecordStoreDay? It might be tough, but if the turntables are working, I'm up for it., oh haha hi(:, right on!, Lol! Thank you! I needed that good advice & laugh! “: take 3 showtunes and call back in the morning. :)”, I Hate my Face is trending? Well, I do hate my fucking pizza face, but its whatevz, ": Old school barber shop. I'm due. (at Bedford Barbers)//I'll bet you sing a mean baritone., It feels like Friday..., Horrible accident on 395 by Ritters. Mororcycle jammed into the grill of a pickup. Crews cleaning up. Be careful!, no problem (: lols, “: Roscoe's Hop House Amber Ale....hm” cheers!, So much 2 do...So little Time, You are awesome! Have a great weekend!! RT : Great workout this morning!!!, I have a follower!, Welcome Big Ron, Sarah, Neal and Eric! Thanks for following...hope you like what you see. : ) Have a great day!!!, Probably. The subconscious is sneaky like that. I also have weird dreams if I eat ice cream right before bed 2, so who knows :), Getting ready for another wonderful webinar with in the Teaching Online course. Incredible learning going on. Will try to share., Newcastle losing, so it's okay for arsenal, wouldn't mind hospur losing though, well I know a couple from Wed and Tues. They haven't put todays up yet. The weekends are the best ones!, Lol were any of them doing the mummer strut along the way?, marshal needs to come back. He is there only hope, My thoughts for today...wat does any of this thts shes sayin has to do with mythology ???? Gesh, RT : Cville folks: Please turn off lights & conserve power so it can be rerouted to the hospital. UVa email down. (via ), The video game Battlefield 3 has the song "99 Problems" onthe commercial. Im guessing 'bitches' arent the source of a lot of gamers problems, #IfWomenDidNotExist then who the hell would make men sandwiches?, follow back plz now (:, Gino Gradkowski. Harbaugh wanted lineman. He's got two so far. For this offense to improve, #Ravens must protect Flacco better, is DSM issue 1 of engagement? Old members choose not 2B delegates, find new ones. A #renewal issue. Can we make it easier?, play without lebron and see what happens, Dont worry...be, I know what a Belmont transfer is and THAT IS DIRTY., Western Summit next weekend would be a great venue, I think I saw these pups in Chonas pics as well. Popular pooches., thanks, great deal!, Download Game Center on your phone! You can listen to the games while running., I need a real job., We are the No. 1 #JoelLanders! :), OMG!! Lady Antebellum knows the words to my songs "Luke Bryan" and "Then and There"?? They were singing it backstage last night in FL!!!!, wonderful challenge!, I'm wiped out as well!, would you follow us back please?, good chance they have the no. 1 pick again next year., Jordy is doing manly things like building a fire with his bare hands while wearing a denim shirt, Mountain Boy..no understand, Your marketing blog is seriously the best one I've ever found on the interweb, :o( Nothing you could do!, do you remember the early #GOP debates when they were talking about #health ? The audience would clap loudly w/talking cuts., Yup, you should renew your winter timeshare., OMG..... JFDHSDFHKFHIUERYW NO ITS NOT THAT... LMFAO EVEN BETTER =O STFU, Selecting readings on born-digital archives for our next tech services meeting discussion. What are your favorites?, can you take photos :), Red mango just came out with new flavors. I must go and try them. Like all of them., Take the time to say something positive to at least 2 people today that you don't really know.Your words might just brighten up their day., Buy $300 worth of Morton's Gift Cards and get an extra $50 Morton's reward Gift Card for YOU!, #thatmomentwhen you feel like someone's lying to you but you're afraid to ask them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, why what happen and why are you sad, bout time you guys give the pacers some love!, Pay Back on Madison St! Who's celebrating in locker room tonight? Daaaaa Bulls! Enjoy the ride Pacers!, Follow me on instagram @ celeste_love !!i follow back:), is Darius Miller pushing himself into a second round pick?, ALA Master Series: A library occupies #Occupy Wall Street w/ iSchool alum Zachary Loeb., Downloading instagram on my phone, EXPRESS sale going on now until January 16th. $25 OFF EVERY $75 YOU SPEND, Having trouble getting Zen Coding bundle to work as well. The standard command to convert is not running., one more thing, im going to be interviewed with MTV Friday ;D okay goodnight <333, I feel a blessing coming in my spirit :), Do you know the 10 most common etiquette mistakes? Tune in Saturday night when I join Jordan Rich to discuss that and much more. WBZ 1030AM, Flipping through the channels to find presenting her "crime scene on a plate" on Top Chef TX to Ms. Theron, Well, you're sitting backIn your rose pinkCadillacMaking bets on Kentucky Derby DayI'll be in my basement roomWith a needle and a spoon-MICK, MORGAN SLEEP OMG, RT : Missed 2 wkshps but made 's prtnrwrk Class w/ Outstanding- they broke dwn tricky moves..., My printer has a mind of its own..., I'm gonna be mad if it doesn't snow today, my gpa goal isn't so impossible after all. YAYYYYY!!!!!!!, hard haha mmhmm we go exercise, He knew I enjoyed the relationships of college basketball. All along, he was the wise one. Rick Pitino, Sip our special, the Luchador and enjoy our food specials!! Come on down! We're celebrating reality and fun!, haha-you can't beat $5 t-shirts and $10 sweatshirts..you might as well just give in and come on by :), Yes, you can buy them here., Snow on St Patty's? Really? It is 80-degrees in Chicago and snowing in Seattle..., Bwahahaha! They look a hot ass mess after that fight..., oh you got shot? I'm so sorry, I'm sure it will work out, now let me just go get some salt for you to pour on it., I miss my boyfriend.. can't wait until you come home! <3, "I hire people brighter than me and then I get out of their way.", Win Bonnaroo tickets by helping hungry pets, Is anyone else missing ALL of their @ replies? It's like being in a twitter vacuum!, and ill walk anywhere around Philly or camden for that matter. only place more messed up than bmore is dc., we should have a tye dye parties like bffs do., Thanks for the follow! :), lmao it was 3 in the morning thank u very much, . And yet everyone, including the announcers, talks about them. One of my jobs as a columnist is to provoke thought + conversation, Sitting in the drug testing place...they talmbout a 45 min wait to, Life is not merely to be alive, but to be well, according to Marcus Valerius Martial, mixtape promotion lets talk numbers, I'd never make you cry!, We appreciate the follow. Thanks!, Carl Schmditmann, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium., Don't be fooled by "Easy Money" scams...If it was as easy as they say it is, the sure as hell wouldn't be sharing the secret with you!, Really wanted to go to the reserve league game tonight, but the doctor told me to stay home., Hi, my name is Devri and I love you! I don't care who you are or what you have done! There's a story behind everything!, Pharmacy - Reduced Costs up to 55% - Giant Eagle - LORAZEPAM -, any good Reds journalists, pundits, experts to follow on Twitter?, Really wishes would follow me. I know does too!:P, Driving down to #Clemson to see graduate today! So proud, so excited :), I don't think she knows exactly what it means... But sometimes she runs around the house screaming it, Well that is just ridiculous. Isn't it even earlier there? That shit cray., First action of the night: spotted a coyote carrying half a cat through a neighborhood., I'm here if you ever need!! Goodluck with your internship <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> lunch next week!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>xoxo, i was a fan, but now i'm not. I've stood by incontrol since bw., Beside the "big 3" Miami's roster sucks., thank you! "Create content, don't just curate and cannibalize it." —Macala Wright, i loove you loved your show at bristol, please follow me:D!, NERD ALERT! i'm spending valentines day with my LA girls: Lily, Claire and Julia, the women of my book Ghost Station., I've done my own laundry since I was 9.That's how I got so tall,I started smoking pot at 14 to stunt my growth or I'd be a goddamn giant, re: revel in the fact that Jesus has . . . love, mercy and grace for us! I revel in the fact that you've got the courage to post it, Marketing Affiliates wanted; True HOME/INTERNET BASED business. Takes all of 3-5 minutes a day - 6 lucrative income streams all based on..., don't fret!! I've got some wheat-free for you! Let me know how we can get you some!, #ifiruledtheworld imagine that!, Are you talkin' to me? Because it feels like you're talkin' to me., OR AG Kroger tells that agencies should face mandatory deadline to release records., If you call my work, I'm the voice of our voicemail system! :D, Best wishes on a successful 1st day!, In LA with the babe!! wedding soon!!! :D, my birthday is coming soon!!, Bitches who sit & gossip aggravaye me, I've sold, bartered, and given away 85% of my material possessions over the last few weeks., Praying for the Roche family, and mourning the loss of a precious neighbor and friend. We will miss you, Louise., RT : "Apply to be part of the committee to appropriate ~$6 million from the sale of the KTRU resources" Yay. Can I buy #KTRU?, lol, stop what?, Need a lift? Our #appoftheday puts a taxi at ur fingertips... #TaxiTally will get u where ur going., no cake for you., RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 7:52 PM using Waze - Drive Social, HAPPY BIRTHDAY, Went to the gym with my homegirl n this bitch came to the gym with a lollipop in her mouth trying to work out n she wonder y she still fat, Highland brewery tour in Asheville!, Just played a major role in history w/726 others (so far) at my polling place, Great participation on Twitter at #MW2012 ! It has improved experience overall. Congrats!, Miller lite has punch top cans now, went to sleep on me. No one else to bother now, damn!, No better or worse than other US airlines. Depending on route and date, it can be like a cattle car., Thank You! Be full of hope & expectation today! After all, it is the day that the Lord has made!, 4 straight hits for the Giants and still nobody out., the last thing you tell a girl is that she's fat., Any way I can set up a general with you?, “: "I'm on 'till the crack of dawn / Mowing down MC's like I'm mowing a lawn" #ripmca”, "Sorry but advanced stats mean nothing just a bunch of random numbers that make no sense. The real numbers lie in the direct stats", you've never seen before? Shy, not one of my qualities. Lol. Thank you doll!, Don't have one either.. lol, local twitter followers- i want to host paleo dinner in may, anyone wanna connect in the "real world"?! id love to meet you!, Still watching, I hate Carl #WalkingDead hope he becomes a, O'Boyle, "...bring an exec something that they don't know..." - so true and pays off, I am beyond ready to be on the plane heading to the French Quarter Festival with #Whoo!, If you googled #gamification 2 years ago, you would get 14K results. Google it today, you get 3.3M., You know I just learned that "Smh" stands for "shaking my head"!... Can't keep with txt lango, Spurs take the lead. Let's go!, best memory?? #askSarah (:, put it in a braid to the side so you could see the bflz lol, Good morning! Another busy Monday ahead We are working hard to wrap up our new website this week Our services video is really looking great., The basis for longevity is optimal health achieved by proper diet exercise supplementation stress management BHRT and alkaline water intake, You could catch on fire and take out the whole back yard!, Love Yoga!, Lovers And Friends ¦d, Go Bucks! Haha, awh. He's so darn little! Asfghjkl, Men=Cheaters, Wish I could go to the baseball game but instead, I will be working, The Cookin' Tunes recital was cancelled-- power outage on the West Side, last week! The recital is set for MAY 16th 7pm @ Grandma's!, Just got here to class listenin to some jams before class starts. Whatever happened to Nelly???, Feel like a record time will be set for week 1 of, RT CEO of La Fancy Kay speaking her story as a black woman in Africa, creating a business & growing it, #Spinners up get a break on the first point, go up 1-0., Ask us about our referral program!, Can u like come to Memphis sometime?.... Oh! By the way Good Morning, lol u hell, National Library Week is April 8-14 this year. I wonder what I can do in recognition for it., It may be cold outside, but that doesn't mean we can't fire up the grill and have a good cookout!, Hope to see all of our friends from this Sunday ctr for Playdate w/ the UC Bearcats!, that's awesome! Thanks for being such a great customer :), #SmackDown R-truth vs Rko four star match, Ehh...arguably RT Lebron James is still the greatest Kentucky Wildcat ever. Even though he didn't make it to the Final Four., This aint new., : It was exciting to see the home on Crest Drive in Encinitas last night, thks for the invite. Awesome home, event, & cars!, Check out Wikets. The new iPhone app (launched today) that allows you to share and be rewarded for product recommendations., Just got great news!!!! Thank you Jesus!, Do u thinks he's coming for Christmas??, yeah, we will., just do what you do and the world will follow!, is tomorrow really Monday?, would that be at ALA Anaheim? :), You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen, But #NewOrleans holding it down, That move by James Harden! >>>>, Marion's release is so weird., #Broncos should make a claim. What say you ? RT : Roster move,waived WR Blair White, Thanks for the follow!, If you know what Ditto means go to support rush STAND STRONG, Smh i hate going to the store this late, Enzo update coming as soon as I hear from the doc later this morning. :-), Okay, right after the morning show. Glad you're enjoying home., I saw you! Added., me too it's crazzy, cause they do 95% of the time lmao, thought I was following you already hm, lol--it's eileen's fav, Looking forward to being back in Atlanta on Friday!, ahhaaahahahahahahahah are you kidding me? she's crazy, Im almost positive, I just missed my flight., If verbally attacking someone simply because they do not have the same point of view as you makes you feel good... YOU are a, Guess MPD had no choice. Large crowd @ 35 & Silver Spring. Sheriff & Several MPD on scene., LOVE having a job. The weekend is so valuable now! But, honestly, I may love my job as much as the weekend....;), Get ready for a wet week Seattle. Anyone else wake up thinking they were on a boat?, Hm, how do you know if you are living with a stalker? FYI, not talking about my bro Don., I wish you luck in next years bracket.....for 2nd place....obviously I will win., If James Marsden has taught me anything, it's that nothing counts on Leap Day., DRUDGE: Lieberman indicates "support" for health bill. Fine - as long as only only "votes" for the bill, and doesn't actually VOTE for it., #FF Lucky to have amazing colleagues as part of my PLN:, The worst udon ever at Kobo in the south satellite of SeaTac Airport. Can't get past two bites., Just found out I can set the calendar on my iPhone to the Buddhist calendar. Thus it's now the year 2555., I've never been to a Thunder game. #sadtweet :(, Also, Seattle is killing it right now., Said Waldershare, 'Sensible men are all of the same religion.' 'And pray what is that' ... 'Sensible men never tell.', 17 baskets a awesome video, 3.00 a.m if you can, who is the wizard?, Perhaps that's the cause of their daily stat on new users? ;), But the media will continue to dictate to the sheep that LeBron is awful in the clutch while Wade is always the hero., Anyone know if prednisone can cause nose bleeds?, head hurting crying my heart out man i haven't cried this much since phat funeral imissuy brotha!, sometimes I wish he was still allowed back in there., Sorry for the miscommunication. Senior night will be the home game vs. Dayton on February 18th., Not enough D from the, miss you to, Just realized because of the early call time I'll get food twice before breakfast is stopped...meaning, RT : She is a thug in a cocktail dress, modern money is a medieval concept & earlier forms are most certainly post-agri revolution, so I think art is older, Okay. Sorry, if Im being nosey, but what'd he say? ...if you dont mind telling me., GET OUTTA HERE!!! You are the man!!! RT won conference..congrats on that A for your business class., Congratulations again to the Food Allergy Foundation Mother's Day Food Allergy Mom of the Year Jenny Sprague, Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities., lmaoo look at brittney, all hip !! ; ), For a good play by play of tonight's #matchforcure check out, I agree!, Maybe she just likes Mike Smith because he rode Zenyatta, no one cares what I'm doing everyday so why act like they do by tweeting it haha thanks for the twitter blast tho homie, Super great to hear that downloading books at is a smooth process for you, Hooray!, are my hopes, are my dreams only photographs in magazines?, Did you know that wine was once a truth serum…or maybe it still is…, RT : LoMonte: Statistics are only as good as the people who compile them. Mistakes happen, verify records...., Devon will you please follow me?, ": You can't make #Aquarians want you unless they want you", ok just tell me who is it about? so i can get excited lmao!!!xDD, you're seriously pissing me off, i can't take this, OMG this dude got a quad MOAB, didnt spawn trap, and won the match in 6v6 Dom! What a beast!, Happy birthday Hope you have a good one!, thanks for follow! India's a leader in new tech in diplomacy, would love to get your input during #futureofpd event tomorrow, what are those loafers that are in your "decision" picture.. are they for women?, parise is harder to chant lol doesn't roll off the tongue as easily. Could chant "Zach sucks", Im not star somebody lied im rollin weed up in my car, It's funny that I have to go to Encino for #IHOP and #Benihana. Also, Happy Holidays! :), Babies can snore....loudly. FYI, why do girls cover up their poop smell with hairspray. such a bad combo, ah I have these too!, unsure, didnt say dont like. I am unsure. I need convincing. - help “: Unsure of value? Are you kidding me?”, Fanboy And Chum Chum!, sure! we're actually not far from you, just outside of Philly. Are you involved in any events in the area?, 'Cause y'all know who the fuck, what the fuck I do I done put the pressure to every thug I knew Quack quack to a duck and a chicken too, WHEW. My husband is on twitter. Can you say #freakout!, Feb 2 - 5, 1863 - The 5th Iowa sent to Hardin County environs to stop Confederate conscription sweeps and to help defend Fort Donelson..., seriously? how?, Congrats and Michelle!, A fool can ask more questions than seven wise men can answer. - Italian Proverb, #MyPastRelationships Some were Awesome&Some I Cried To Many Times For But Hopefully Youll Be w/ Me&Help Me Forget Bout Those Bad Memories:P, You're not Jewish?, Cafe 300 specials today are tomato vegetable soup or potato soup!, Love her! RT : Tonight the host of #CMChat, will be our guest on #mediachat Be there at 10pm EST, My library DJ name is 2AM because that's when I pop the lights and lock the doors., next home game tomorrow Feb. 4 against Orlando!, Yes, we should. Erin hadn't started working on them as of yesterday, but she'll probably sent out an email when she's done., Love it when companies help the arts! InterContinental Milwaukee partnering with UPAF on Gallery Nite April 17. More on Facebook.., LETS go get a gamer of football before the krew or whatever i have kyle ahckett here, Thank you.<3 I know, things at home have been wacky, but things get better. I'm glad things are getting better for you. :], election day woooooooosh!, I feel as though and are actually like Turk & JD in real life., Craving that good good! Pun intended!, Knicks haven't won a playoff game since 2001., I swear by the mud below my feet You can't raise a Caine back up when he's in defeat., Anybody got a seagull we can use as a prop in BIRDS OF PARADISE - we open Feb. 12th, Girl I was locked OUT the F'N House!!!, aww thank u so much ¦ you are so nice :), Feels weird to be wearing sweats to church..., Too bad Santorum really is a hypocrite and never voted as a conservative with any consistency...but someone must stop Romney., who WOULDN'T want to play for a winning team.. easy choice : ), Anybody know any good books or Movies for the kindle or iPod?!, Looking for promo models in Chandler, AZ to work a fun event from Feb. 19-21. Contact for more details., You know the end of school is approaching when the Tony Award nominations are released. :), well really they are two mistresses fighting for the hand of Uncle Sam, OUR JAM RT And if we go down, we go down together best friends means, well best friends means, #SomebodyLetMeKnowWhen the elections r over!, THANK YOU! THANK YOU!, I swaer looking through my instagram makes my day, This just made my day!! Beach and fun to look forward to (and Game 7 win!), yay! Love to u & KMC!!, RT : Welcome to to the Scouting crew, We send our art to a small silkscreen shop out in Cali, but most places will print on whatever type of shirt you want., Well my internet isnt working, luh bro bday today ion no, Low water crossings, school closures, delays, swift water rescues and powers outages. We have you covered with storm updates all morning., RT : Box office opens one hour before each perfornance of "Greater Tuna", Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes, We wish everyone a wonderful Friday and a Happy New Year!, I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :), that'll teach me to joke about the weather...it's snowing this morning :(, Thanks for a great party. Congrats to all the winners!, IMMATURE the word boring people describe fun people lmaoo:), Thanks, Keith!! We're fans as well. : ), We would love to come to Canada some day soon!, BB on the call on FOX! Yay!, March is Women’s History Month! Did you know that Miami was the first major city to be founded by a woman?, No cigar for you at 9a, Jerry?, [VIDEO]Preezy of the United Steezy: “When your name is Barack Obama it’s always tight”- May 16, 2012, So I was out entrepreneuring today when I realized there might be something to this whole software/web thing., all I can say is payback will be fun lol, Not since Xmas Eve have so many people been interested in the travels of one man, wood would be disappointed!!!, #NoAssAtAll you better have money to make up for it., IT'S MONDAY. TIME TO DITCH SOME BITCHES!, Jeff houge gave a good recorded presentation on plain language and online tool at writeclearly.org, Just saw someone wearing cargo pants that were jean capris. Yikes., I am playing at Auggies in The Gaylord Palms tonight 9-1a.m. In Kissimmee, Florida, Thinking about being more active on Twitter...stay tuned., 544 miles was my total driving distance this weekend. Totally worth it though., On March 27 we will be having a mixer! Everyone is welcome, #PR students or not! More details to come., Why are Str8 college guys so easy to turn?? I mean, it's getting effortless. #TeamBi you're bigger than you let on!!, RT : Nobody has ever gotten eyestrain from looking on the bright side of things., I find it easier to write if I'm not trying to preach or teach, ya know? Pressure's off completely., " #OpenField reminded me of how removed I've become from play." Community response reported by Sarah Schultz, P.s. You can borrow my textbooks so let me know of you need them, Just did my bootcamp DVD for the first time in a while and man, I'm embarrassed at my cardio fitness. Damn near died:(, Would also have liked to see an ASL interpreter or the presentation up on big screen, to make this session more accessible, You know She's probably saving half of america from extinction., Its all abt MT : I still say we r movin up n Dallas now. We have Now u know., Starting off my first day of college with a psych class, The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large, Always take the safer route when you write about the book of Ruth. (That's a terrible pun if you know Hebrew), I wish I could say sorry to you but I don't know what for, I'll never forget that shocking moment in FL infamy. NRA's Marion Hammer was evilly grinning over Jeb's shoulder. *shudder*, Man im so fucking hungry, How do Religious Education teachers mark exams? With spirit levels., Hi. You're new nickname is Dyl-Pickle.. alrightt? ;D, plays tomorrow, Sat Feb 4 at Club Garibaldi. Len Kasper rocks out with Your Indentured Servants to open!, that's because of out advanced ordering system! You can place advanced orders from restaurants before they open., I hate throwing bitch fits, No problem! We're still doing everything we can to push that order along for you. :_), Another tip 4 the Chinese New Year is 2 use these last 2 days to finish any old business so you can go into the New Year with a fresh start!, Done w/La Perla. Thought Nessun closed?, Haha...jelly beans will do that! Enjoy your walk and have a blessed day! :-), You can ignore reality, but you cannot ignore the CONSEQUENCES of ignoring reality., “: Full Time. Timbers defeat Union 3-1 on goals from Jean-Baptiste, Boyd, and Alhassan. #RCTID” Way to go Timbers!!, So true! Work on your vision! RT : "If you don't know where you're going, you'll end up somewhere else." ~ Yogi Berra, Love them - Enjoy the Show! Tell them to make it up to Milwaukee!, only cause I love you:], I JUST GOT A JOB OFFER FROM A SCHOOL IN SOUTH KOREA WHO WANTS TO CELEBRATE WITH SOME ALCOHOL?, Also, I'm in love with Tyrion Lannister...or maybe it's Peter Dinklage. Long live the imp!, RT ": Thank you, Mr. President, for standing up for equality. Yours Truly, Pee-wee Herman-Clooney.", what time is the Jim Gaffigan show? How much are the tix?, The Chardon Polka Band Returns! — Sunday, February 26 at 2:00pm at the BrewWorks!!! Don't miss this!, My dad needs to take off his childs lock on my tv! Ihavent even seen true blood in two seasons )':, they changed it, in at 3 now hotstuff. Did you? lol I can't deal anymore, There we go... FLYING DEATH MACHINE TIME!!, Wow ! What a spa party that was. Boy! Adrienne is a very lucky lady. I thought she was funny with the chicken., thanks for the retweet :) you rock., i miss you too just cant wait till the beach :), The weird songs that play in my head...currently playing: Bootylicious, Should have given #Obama a #claymathews jersey, Do you mean main character or lead actor? If the latter, one obvs. answer might be "Dr. Who." That's a strange case, tho., Good morning, Tweetpeeps! It's a new day! Start it how ever you wish... just start it on a good note! Luv you all!, Thank you! We can't wait to put him in it :), If you're attacking your market from multiple positions and your competition isn't, you've all the advantage., can't get Seal out of my head!, I have used let's lunch and its worked pretty well minus a few bugs., Younger Boomers Short on Travel Time and Money, Awww :( *gives you a head massage* there..all better!, where da FUCK are you ms tonsils me and are slitting our wrists with ms. Quinn, well y'all gotta get pass the eagles first, Sex is like software: For every one who pays for it there are hundreds getting it for free., If you guys would be willing to give us a #FF mention today, that would be all kinds off awesome, Sounds fantastic! Thank you so much., if i finish this verse tonight then tomorrow yeah!!, Biggest adjustments: full-sized keyboards, PCs, commute that is not in my PJs., Interesting. I'd like to see more discussion of how this affects quality--and, for that matter, quality of life for the authors!, Super excited about the house I just looked at in FS. Can't wait to move back, #Indy!, Thank you Matt!, We can end this., Oh Kristen...I will give you a trophy for that the next time I see you!!, Earliest DJ load in time 6:45am. Djing junior achievement 10k in sandy springs, Yea, that would have to change., I'm up seeing my #restaurants & #Caterers in #Nederland & #Rollinsville #CO today.. gosh its a pretty drive! My wife requested a treat..., . We heart you guys too! Keep making an impact in the community! #cheers to you and all you do! :), You're a gangsta, This makes it feel closer : According to ESPN, Peyton Manning to work out for the #Broncos today at Duke University., Why do I think a sophomore is cute? I need to get outta here and go to college already..., Hoping the good news fairy visits Dana now after she just visited me!, Decided to write another 200 words on the novel for the hell of it. That brings the day's total to around 1100. Who's the woman?, World Health Day LA has joined the Twittersphere! Help us spread the word about this year's event at the LA Expo Center on April 7!, Can't wait for my V-Day B-Day dinner @ #EddieMartini's., Got too go too dads work too take a shower. #winning Nitro better have water soon!!!, Have a great time at dinner!, I regret saying i love you. because i never did., have you heard of him? hes an artist i've been working with he has some amazing plans coming for 2012 music fashion magazines, What's Your favorite food recipe with beer in it? Post it to Facebook or email us!, Need to quit taking bad jumpers & work ball inside to get big Grizz Zbo& Gasol going, .... Not even gonna lie. I would kill for the new Canon Mark I. KFFKSSJYVEHJBD. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>, haha I know! I have excellent judgement when it comes to people! You're one of the genuinely nice guys!, A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti. SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, THE 1991, Lost planet 2 (=, I thought you knew me better than that..., ha ha I text you once :-) I no response :-( new number??, At the DECA area competition and I'm practically shitting myself., Happy Mother's Day! We wish a playful day to all moms everywhere today!, Friday sounds good for SURE, cause I missed my booba, and I have like no homework, and have fun tomorrow. TURKEY DAY !.<3, Everytime I ask u 2 come out u always have a reason as to y u cnt.I try!Mayb u should just say ok instead of excuses grumpy:P, rip Ms. Whitney Houston, "Love and hate are crucial for critics, along with deep-seated ambivalence." Morris Dickstein last week in the, Bank holiday clockwatch – live!: • Keep up with all today's latest scores here• Peruse the latest (live) league .., you got bumped around a bit but played hard - great job on the win!, Greg Taylor, CEO of the Foundation for Newark's Future will be 's guest on tonight's Newark Today on WBGO at 8 pm., Thanks for the follow ;-), However, the exfoilants like Coffee granules & sugar cane granules attack the dead skin to..., I swear my parents are on the "no eating" diet when they're home alone cause the kitchen and fridge are empty every time I come home, Why is it that I want to put a red bow in 's her hair and dress her up like GILLY., : God just said: Doors are going to continue to open up for you in the faces of ppl who were hoping doors for you would close., I'm smiling! You bring me JOY. I miss your face!!! xxoo, They don't let just anybody get a PH.D. You have to be able to use big words nobody else understands. :-), Let God be God in your life - trust in His integrity, wait on His timing, believe for His justice, expect His miracle intervention., I need yet another social media addiction, right? ;), Lets just hope he remembers the words..., Only like 3 of us had cell phones and we used e-mail addressed to keep in touch supposedly., Can someone please get me 1? “: Rollie Fingers Bobbleheads this Saturday! Your other bobbleheads are going to have mustache envy., Drew takes Care.of my lightwork, i definitely want chick fil a now. haha thanks!, Been using Safari exclusively for 7 years. Finally decided to try Chrome because Gmail was unbearably sluggish. Sold in 6 minutes., I need to stop shopping =/, It may be crappy weather today, but Thursday calls for 61 degree weather and possibly some pirates., hit my email fam, i need some music its all lonely up in this bitch! :o, thx~be happy~:), Great dinner w the youth services sig. Love those people, Bill Belichick - convicted cheater, Yeah... Weddings! We love bachelorette parties!, Happy 2nd Day of my Birthday Month!, Thanks for your support all season!, #4 will be the best Christmas! we're looking forward to ours in punta cana, I just lost respect for Obama. Thanks a lot, Great time yesterday. Congrats, And yes I know it's always been likely solved, but come on man, where's fun in a lack of mystery?, RT:“ life is shorter than u think lol get money $$$$$$$$$$$”, I WANT ICECREAM!!!!!<U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600> I wish it was sunny, so you werent able to get tickets yet?, Something is better than nothing., CREEPY VAN - Ray William Johnson Video Parody, Is it even possible to own too much John Paul II memorabilia?, Come visit in the fall :), fuck is that, Come on They lost 3 times no matter how close. SP lost to good teams and dropped. We have 7 shutouts out of 8 victories., Try the "Submit A Question" feature in the latest Sporting Explore update to have yours included in the in-game trivia during the playoffs!, i know I'm in the vast minority here, but I didn't care for THE HOST., sept 15 i may go to that game going 4 purdue may spend the week up there and catch the st gm 2, Todays clue for the Super Mystery Jackpot Song is: This songs title has the same word in it twice!, Seeking #PMP certified project managers for opportunities in #Albuquerque. Contact me at to learn more., Jay Rock "Follow Me Home" out JULY 26, April Game, ED of Art Pulse will be taping an interview for Jazz88 this afternoon, 3 days into boot camp I can hardly walk. Today is going to be rough, but already seeing some results, #MoMoFresh is the Freshest Young DJ in the game!!, These are the worst "questions" I have ever heard. No wonder nobody watches MSNBC., Fascinating discussion going on as old people argue over the meaning of "animate outside agency.", My bf is 19. He knows everything about everything. I just need to come to terms with that., Thanks for the suggestions! I love the Celtic idea; let's see what iTunes has!, We never really grow up; we only learn how to act in public., ": -watching Bruce Almighty crackin up."...( lol thats my movie right there), I'm over here bashing my brain tryna find sum kicks for it smh, WOW I just worked out for 3 hours, Trusting God means looking beyond what we can see to what God sees., why don't you call Joyce and talk to her and then apologize to me? I'm done with this conversation!, For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life through Christ Jesus our Lord. (Romans 6:23 NLT), Too late for caffine, Band pracitce today???, could you please follow ? their big fans and that would mean the world to me ! :), aye!!! i knew that just wanted to see what you were gonna say hoe!, when guys give you something of theirs. m., even though her mom died, angel still went on that stage and danced her heart out<3, ": Is your ball sack ready for the realities of life? Take a sniff and answer that question yourself", Juvenile justice ideal is children can be rehab'ed w right environment - but black children were considered degenerate from birth., if you don't leave me the freak alone, I'm going to sick World Peace on you; he could give 250 of you a concussion at once., Were having it at the Bonnet Carre Spillway 6 right outside of New Orleans! You can find out more at www.warriordash.com, I love making dumb decisions !, there's still time! ; ), i wish i could go to your concert in LA ):, Robert Stern found peace today., The ESPN Radio app on iOS will require $5 pymt to continue to hear live streams after 8/1. Really?? Guess I will delete that app., Sometimes you think you're hurting me,but in reality you're just making me a stronger person <3, to bring my Mommmyyy lunch :), I hope everyone has a beautiful day!!, “: Ima rock my back in black jersey today...if we lose I'll never rock it again” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>, Usually it's the Meyer teen fans who murder grammar and spelling, not the haters., praying for him Jenjen!!, Haters Throw Rocks and Hide Their Hands, Rainy day in Austin, Really wishin was here BUT I can wait one more day :) #HurryUpFriday <3, Great session with ! Also her outfit is adorable!, Can't wait! RT #dcdrinkup, I have an incredible story for you. Don't let me forget to tell it. What a day!, #tie2011 #tie2011, wow, this changes everything, finally, cloud computing, so many resources, Kuglin, “: Hey Sirr”Good morning, Ms. Potter. :-), off to the Radio... back to work.. :-), I had the pleasure of meeting with author Kimberly Ray "And Yet They Still Chose Me". A riveting story being made into a movie. You go girl!, Here it goes again... Lol., Matthew Joffe isn't a professional actor but he used motivation for the show to heal a broken leg quickly in rehab, all good choices. Never been to NO or Montreal. Any would be fun!, Makes me mad-____- but i still love him<3 lmbo, All you Tweeters saying "awesome!" should re-read my Tweet. I was saying that NOTHING is happening, which isn't particularly awesome ;), nice to see you give credit where it's due for the big game in the Garden :), I just realized my friend Jamie is truly a Whore-der.. TRULY!, You bet! Will I see you there?, Learning about tweetcast. Does anyone leave or post anything besides links to other pages?, Watching dolphins swimming right now <3, you were completing my half-finished thoughts today... Amazing!!, Forgot how shity it is to live in the suburbs carless., #FF App of the Day devs for the week - thanks everyone, and have a great Christmas!, If I had a giant chainsaw & could reach from the car window I'd chop thru mighty billboard stems watch them topple in rearview GA early AM, This guy doing Britney is killin' me., damn why does that always happen?, I am well. Back on network radio (Yahoo!). Got lucky. When I was laid off they were looking. LOVE Houston, TX! How are you?, I would rather lose an argument to you than lose you to an argument., I got the biggest headache at work man smh, Nick, we met once in Chongqing when Peking Duck's Richard was visiting. Do you remember? How's life?, Ah finally the sun has come out in La Jolla. DMIT headquarters just got much brighter!, Topped out today with 125 cappers with action going tonight and 5 consensus total, 2 NBA,2 CBB and the 1 NHL with Flyers/Sharks over, congrats to the Rangers, Q4: Through conversations with returning staff. Also helpful to get them to intro themselves via email, How does everyone get those pictures of people with whiskers? I want to make some!:P, the "yoke of bondage" in Galatians 5:1 is NOT sin. it is the LAW (context from 4:21-4:31) The ppl weren't relying on the Grace of God (2:21), I dont care who but make sure she has the same morals & values....have goals..you deserve the best, Thanks for coming out to swap! Sorry you missed the fitting room with the full mirror in the back. Hope you love your finds!, Hanging out at the show in Chicago! Come say hi!, sometimes people genuinely don't know they're being annoying. in those cases, do you tell them? or hope they'll eventually figure it out?, Why buy the cow when you get the sex for free?, Congratulations Luis Gomez on the 5th anniversary of your SECOND franchise plan with Jan-Pro Cleaning of Sacramento. Keep growing with us!, use your smile 2 change the world don't let the world change your smile :))))), Yeah, I would definitely but one if they weren't so expensive., We'll update you with game times for Saturday as soon as we know the broadcast schedule!, private insurers demanded double-digit premiums increases every year., I've heard of worse months., No food and no one on campus wahh :(, Broadcasting a big boys basketball battle between Pompton Lakes and Hawthorne on MSG VARSITY!!!!!!, & ! That might be too much brain power for me! Looking forward (hoping) to see you both tonight at, Why did the monster dye her hair yellow?To see if blondes have more fun., That would be amazing! Thank you so much! <3, If that was Kobe they would of won this game, What do you spend more time on: Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Pinterest?, Thanks u enjoyed it? RT : & Hollywood dances tonight >>>>>>>, indiana on top of in the central standings. 1-0, Finished #reading Red Thread by Ann Hood - an interesting look at families going through the adoption process, Tonight's show with Behemoth / WATAIN / The Devil's Blood / In Solitude is completely SOLD OUT! GET READY TO ROCK!!!!, This sucks we cnt go to hollywood we r some where where there is purple stoplights, I'll be watching the game from Hard Rock with my 100k units. Looking forward to you making it out to the FT., Missed our first Info Session? Don't fret! #UBAKPsi will be having their 2nd Info Session tonight at 7pm in Jacobs 122!, Oh I'm sorry. I didn't know being 90 pounds was considered fat., Got Out Early Today =) Boutta Go Take A Shower, Baseball is here, finally., I love you..., 3 days left for great holiday savings ! Stop by 6547 burnet road to see our great prices or just take a nap! ~ Mattrezzz Guy, Hey!(: who won?, I'd love to have a Vanishing Point, but I can't justify the price tag. It needs to be about $100 cheaper..., right on! Go to www.westcoastscrapple.com and we will ship to you!, at exactly 2pm. we sold every item at our bake sale, thanks for all your support! (:, Damn shame to see Shaq doing commercials for Buick. When Kobe retires, I don't think he will be doing adds for Toyota, you get the new one?, really feelin the lyrics in that up n down joint Follow back I'm an upcoming artist outta ny.., Happy Australia Day to all of our friends down under!, Hey old and new friends! If you got a Facebook , go like our page and download our music. Tell your buddys!, What if Justin starts shuffling with LMFAO lol i'd die, good luck jeff.., So anyone going to see the #CBJZam today in Dublin?, They look better with their mouth full =P ": Stupid Rays Fans can Suck my Left Nut [If I had Any) (via ) - lmao", #InCaseYouDidntKnow I appreciate you......., "Nothing will work unless you do." ~Maya Angelou, seriously how do you have hood night one night and gay night the next!!!!!!! Who does that????? lmao, Aw I Love You too! :), It's so nice outside today...so this is what it feels like to not live on the face of the sun., well. you? is the group still together?, yep so damn happy just there more tests and I'm done for the year, Living in Chicago and not having a car, I'd totally forgotten about truck stops. And their bathrooms., Not the news i was expecting at all. Never saw this coming, Nope just a radar gun..., I have flaws but I wont let them get in the way of success .., Love hanging with my cuzo Jakey! Watching this reds game and they're sucking, maybe im the one keeping myself from happiness i always have doubt and i dont know why, Yep, same one!!, “: I love that cable news sold advertising against whitney houston's funeral.”, what happened?, ...if only there were recent pics so we could feel close to M. and see what she's up to...sigh!, exactly. Finally someone logical speaks!, Congrats to all of you! Welcome to the world, Jackson! Go Pack!, you asking me out on a date or is this another dig on the HGB? ;), How fast do hotcakes sell?, #worldpeace just punched a dude.. now the crowd is chanting 'world peace', I'm so glad you chose me<3, R: I need something to punch a hole in this with. A: Why do you need to punch a hole in it? R: So everyone will know I punched a hole in, foster I love that lip balm! Well done, girl!!!!, thank you for following, we aint forgot about. Will have some wrk for you soon, hey! were an organization that connects fans to bands that saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out?, Are you like part Asian? #Curious lol, allowed pero sa passing period lng, and im using my ipod, Why does this link to an article on ebook price fixing?, Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.., is so cute!, I hear ya on thee drink dear;), trying to imagine LA drivers in London.... not a bloody chance mate... in a city where EVERYONE drives... NO ONE can drive... wow., didn't give me a heads up, now is about to give me a wooping for not bringing snacks, I can't seem to find Tiger Woods on the leader board at the Masters...oh never mind, had to scroll to the 4th page...meow!, good morning!!!, Uh oh. Why would EA release the Mass Effect 3 demo when they know damn well that I have important things I should be doing?, Isnt #Oscars night great in MKE? Well do not care much abt Oscars just happy to be back in MKE!, First one up today and already dressed sippin coffee!! Yay me!, call me, The food channel has great events for quick and easy dishes. Paula Deen, I know this is so odd. I don't think its him. Mike raised them well. I don't get it, Missed you too! And yepp hahhaa. Honestly, nothing really. lmao. just you know.. doing my regular life, i guess. how about you?, RT : Someone got to The Good Phight by Googling "bryce harper virginity", Stanley Tucci: Victor of the, "I've decided that the worst seat in this place is right behind Aztec Gino." - My girlfriend, GNC, it's a perfect place for you!, Also new to Chocolee are 1 lb. dark chocolate candy bars loaded with dried apricots and almonds. At $10 each, they are flying out the door., Bitch, I'm from the Bronx. Ill fuck you up!, I feel like I should be a little jealous., I don't even need your love., <U+200E>---LADIES ARE FREE ALL NIGHT LONG--- TONIGHT at Current ***SHISHA ON THE OUTDOOR DECK EVERY WEEK!!***, We're chanting "ACA is here to stay" and "We LOVE Obamacare!!", Now im at the doctors to get my x-ray done, ok, so i believe something good is happening. Blakes mom isnt coming back for 2 more weeks...:)this makes me a happy camper today, ": Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women.", after that, 6th grade girls, exiting itinerary, Maybe I'll follow your path next winter, Agreed. I really didn't start saying it until #LOST ended., Brasil vs. Argentina!!!!!!!!, just text or tweet me whenever you want to:), thanks Morgan! It was great having you at yesterday!, eating the luxury foods I want and get diabetes and for when the time would come to be on my own I'd just pull the-, You are welcome. Please let your fans know we are having a giveaway this week for a 42" TV. Enter on FB., Blue eyes... Hi. Last night was interesting., why do i have to clean my room before school. thats the dumbest thing ive ever heard., S/o to he's cool, everyone should follow. (: He, My mom is making me do modeling....should I?, Hey Jamie , My ICONiac Buddy!!!! xD, my dad, which in not true. It took me awhile to convince her. So I won't be on twitter as much. I'll probably only be on at night (c), congrats on today's win, we love you man!, aw!! thank you!!!! <3 I actually freaking LOVE Jenna so I'm kinda dying right now. LOL, Wish there were more Stretch classes on the weekends!, RT IF YOU HATE SCHOOL!, have you ever noticed the warnings on the shredder? there's a little person. Don't shred children?, “: "Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first." [love that ], I spent the flight back from DC taking notes on my notes. Now I just need to take notes on THOSE notes., At an actor networking event and Dog The Bounty Hunter is outside! Phew, I just slipped through! :) he is a big little guy!, What do yopu do?, Just did an interview with Tampa Bay Rays' player BJ Upton. Gonna see how his run compares to a cheetah's., Ha i love my brothaa , his lil story had me WEAK earlier !, says it's unavailable..., Embarking on search for next week's "Making a Difference" candidate. Believe it or not, there is almost too much good out there., “: I have a huge boner right now” hot, Hardwork+Dedication+Skills=Success That's the chemical balance of a Winner!!!, MT : Letterman: "Newt has dropped out. It's a shame he will not be able 2 fulfill his lifelong dream of losing by landslide.", Lots of sad tweets tonight. It's like the great depression. Hope you all feel better soon., show your support for feed the children america., coming to see the evens at fort reno tonight?, yeah of course(: hey girl!, Very true. Scarves are very versatile accessories., I don't think I'm going to make it to class, I can't get out of bed! I'm pretty sick :/, Why are my boys so sprung off bitches, Global companies bringing manufacturing back to US.why?increase labor and transport costs.#aspenideas forgot to mention lean manufacturing, Go to our page at Actors Company of Tulsa and click the like button and add us to your interest list. Thanks for your support., VA launches Open Government Web site with IT dashboard: The VA today introduced its new #opengov Web site (via ), Cool, man. Great "speaking" with you this evening., I wish I was more ambitious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>, does he need the cheese to help???, haha yeah i work tens so friday is a day off for me..if only all days where like this. What u up to?, ..hey what's up, Good night everyone! Off to China tomorrow-- see you when I return! No Facebook or Twitter there :( Smooches! Ha!, Will definitely say hello to your friends and thanks and best wishes in return!, How is saturday night live gonna come on on Friday lol, Glad you like the planting them, BTW nice avatar : ), "its" enough? you mean "this is enough" or "thats enough", In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak., That sounds a bit like Roger Zelaznys The Chronicles of Amber. You can move from one dimension to another?, Getting the broccoli and EAS protein shake in the system before I try my hardest to go to sleep since I open at 5am. Wish me luck!, you can check out our link on our profile or just goto www.gametime-athletics.com, Check out CFYJ's brand new blog!, ah, a hotel room to onself to read…it's the little things in life!, compared to how you normally talk., gm out this morning at mondawmin bus circle until 8am campaigning join me if u can votehenrybrim.com, :) Thank you hun, I'm hoping the pt 2 posters will be better than the pt 1...they were kinda weird and romance novely, I agree 100%, & that's why it broke my heart when I heard about the changes at, UPDATE: Crash I-5 SB on the Interstate Bridge now blocks Right & Center Lanes.. Fire still on scene. Tie up to SR-500., not in as much pain., you stood out bc stood out to me last year and now I can't help but like &share his awesome stuff, thanks for the #FF mention Clifford - have a great weekend!, Some ppl.say the most ignorant stff smdh...., you're crazy, chocolate milkshake., Breaking: this place is loud., Congrats Blake griffin, you had the worst plus minus on your team. I hope those dunks (fouls) make you feel better about losing (again), My crystal ball foresees some whining bulldogs and a big fat W for Bucky, Congratulations Team Triple Crown win girls 18U. Vivianne and Kaitlynn, #tedxuchicago I am looking for geography, sociology, anthropology students to collaborate w/ my classes on a neighborhood project next year, Feeling a-ok with only 3 hrs of sleep, but I'll be taking it easy tonight to rest up for work this weekend. Laundry &, You'll be the prince and I'd be the princess...... Romeo save me!, #FYI RT : hotspacho is a euphemism for ejaculation, Sad missed the wizards first win at #livestrong park but I did get to see louis ck do stand up at the comic strip in nyc tonight!, Hey, Nina would Y100 be able to be part of the Project Lifesaver International Conference in October?, so boss, where do you want to eat? maxies? somewhere in the quon? somewhere near home? think about it!, We Need More Heroes In the World Today To Come Together For Greater Purposes, Not live tweeting #Survivor tonight, because I don't think my marriage can survive 2 live tweet nights per week. After the bachelor tho..., #3DAYS TILL BOYFRIEND!!(:, actually, they can, but not via the vending machine., What inventions can you not live without?, Haha I'd die without my tv! that's too funny. Xoxo, I am loyal but I want to give back some Klout love I've received lately - Twitter is all ab unique content & reciprocity :-), This is not how i want to spend my friday night snowin & me walkin outside with my slippers wet from steppin in the water, dealin with drama, EVERYBODY IN CLEVELAND & AROUND THE USA. GO SEE MY THEATER RELEASE MOVIE ''TOUCHBACK'' IN RICHMOND HEIGHTS OR WILLOUGHBY THEATERS TODAY, Budweiser platinum = oxymoron., “: Failure is inevitable vikki lee taught that" when you accept failure you become a failure, I just want you that's it. All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, giggles, jokes, sarcasm. Everything. I just want you., Ice Cream for some people tastes better after it sits out for awhile. Don't wait anymore, just put it in the micro for abt 10-15 secs.. m., i know! i only go walking with my dog i dont see the point without him it seems stupid!xx, Saturday night, at either 7 or 8pm depending on the Lakers/Nuggets game going on right now, #MoreFemalesShould stop lookin for love in let it find dem, “: I want to publicly thank my presenting partner in crime at #RETSO, the wonderful ! You are simply awesome!”> SPECTACULAR!, Wish I was in NY right now for shutterbugs + !, Free Rondo!, new convergence culture reality: books more like tv in terms of necessary time investment/concentration. Thinking is hard!, . #HolisticMoms As kids get older, they seem to start to fear things that really are scary -parent death, war, climate change., cinco de mayo is tomorrow. The 5th of may? Today's the 4th haha, Can't stand when people don't take me serious. Feels like I wasted useful time., It will be my first IBS too. See you there!, not anymore: #thevoice #iamchrismann WOW is all I can say WOW !!!! Team Xtina and Team Blake are the teams to beat this season, no but my scrubway sure did!, kids ruin everything, especially in the apocalypse, A world without Chocolate? I don't even want to go there!, We do it straight like that, can I get a shoutout for your #1 fan, my son Preston's 7th bday., listening to other peoples trauma makes me shake my head at humanity. It's worse than any horror movie. Today was one of those days, Just landed in moscou, next flight directly to homestory in 5 hours !, honey, only death can pay for life...., Thanks to , Nicole Wallace is famous., I need to get to 300 followers tonight..., So excited to go home this weekend! =) 2:15 needs to come like right now., Movie trending now in LA, CA : No Strings Attached (live updates), #YouShouldNeverTrust somebody that talks about others when they aren't around yet smile in their face, lol you would go nuts you couldnt handle it hahah kiddin but no you have a baby when you love someone and are ready ya ass, Great presentation about cutting through the BS in social media., What are the odds that books would have words AND pictures?, i missed something here., Beads galore--celebrating Mardi Gras in the Gaslamp tonight., At Chatham Manor today giving tours. It is one of the only places Presidents Washington, Jefferson & Lincoln have all been to. Here to 4:30, Ight Uk.....Lville is now on!!, This bill will affect every single motorist in San Diego County, Hope everyone is staying safe on the east coast. Thinking about you!, tons of reasons for women to wear weaves/braids...to protect/grow out their own hair, women who work out a lot, etc, Standing in line at the tax office. Kill me now. Poor wife did this with 2 kids..., RT : Last Thursday tonight....nuff said...., You going to the #Caps vs. #Flyers game this Sunday?, Hi there! I'm a summer of code fellowship applicant. Have fellows been selected for this year's program?, Still a big KY bb fan., Sex is dirty only if it's done right., Still no reply for me?/; well, i love youu..<3, i love my daddy, Table readings on Sat and Monday., This hummus would be so much smoother if had bought me a for my birthday., Badging (recognition) for product review writers increased # reviews by 5x at one co. -, Miss you too!, Tried to map. Unclear as to whether or not I did., i have 850 photos i need to upload somewhere to share with people (not FB) - was going to use flickr but its too many. any ideas??, what? I'm wicked smahhht. : ), Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. Mother Teresa, but seriously...every day is Mothers Day. Oh shit...how'd I end up on Tony's timeline *backs away slowly*, We'll have some outdoor tables in the summer, plus a great overwater crab deck! But our view has changed a little bit! :), Wet Pussy Wit No Smell A Mf, Thanks for sharing. If you still need that Hello Bar invite, send me a DM with your email and I can get you one., RT bcuz me and my bestfrandd are in love withh youu and we stayed up till 3:06 am (thats now) to watch yours and kians videos:), Ugh! Im gonna barf...eww!, would love to see peyton in az, Scandal - I love good television writing., I Can Never Love U Again Cuz I Know Ur a Hoe N So Do U. U Just Don't Wanna Believe It., Follow me on instagram -, who else thinks that the first round needs to be a five game series., Love it! which do you have? Printer crusher? Zero inbox?, Let your mind wander., Thanks for reading #BeyondTheFrame. You in Chicago?, 1st the Earth cooled, then a dinosaur put a tingle up Chris' leg..., I highly dislike waking up before 11am, 2nite we invade Milly's Tavern, Manchester, NH feat: The Rupert Selection, Dressed for the Occasion, and Subject-2-Change 21+ Show $10 Cover, Glad you're joining us! Tweet us and let us know how you enjoy the program - we'd love to hear from you., Woot! Look at us, being all adult-y., Is there a tour stop where there is a reputation of less respectful fans?, your outfit is killer hun! Love how a woman gets dolled up, Espanola Valley/Rio Arriba County EMT crews are posted on west end of Los Alamos, having helped evac hospital patients yesterday., Get in your last minute requests for tomorrows request only episode of the #patCAST!, Busy day! #Indy is lucky to have people like you who do so much for the, she beat you because you made youtube videos, Hahaha my friend said 'that's the last time I gave John Travolta a massage"- hilarious!, Nice! RT RT : We've decided on mid-life crisis cars. He wants a 76 Eldorado. I'm leaning toward S2000., YES! LET'S FUCKING GO ! THE CULT OF PERSONALITY!, Can I use your phone to call my mom? "Yeah, just hit redial.", COFFEE!!COFFEE!!COFFEE!! :O, Finally bought a Kindle!!!!!!, I forgot today was Sunday, Hey Congrats On The New Twitter!! It's Addicting Huh?!? Ahaha & I Followed You Cuz Carlos Told Us To (:, "Fear me dear, for I am Death. I'll take your hope, your dreams, your love till there's nothing left.", IS THERE ANYONE ELSE OUT THERE TIRED OF WORKING FOR CORPORATE AMERICA? I KNOW I AM! THOUGH I NEED MONEY, I WANT OUT! I'M ON A DISCOVERY!, When my delivery driver is heading out the door, should I worry when he shouts "Shotgun!"?, Maui grown foods just taste better!, just don't chew on any of CA red meat..kidding aside you are right., Mira, new picture(:, Bollywood singing time, Bought a plane ticket this afternoon, either I need to get a job that pays me real money or I need to stay put., Only drove it in to work so far... but it's pretty cool, What do you think of the gray, violet hair trend a la #eredcarpet Kelly Osborne?, Hahaha how much they just booed Albert..., Text your number backwards and say "This is the bizarro you.", I'm a big fan of Apple too!!!! They actually haven't done the labor yet, just ordered the parts. Glad it will be like new soon., RT : Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. - Jim Rohn, WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOX, A little rain running and piano playing to kick off my day!, Today's been a pretty productive & wonderful day if I might say lol, So excited to see in Royal Oak - 1st time seeing an electro show in a smaller venue #headasplode?, Did you know that over time you can’t smell your own house as keenly as guests do?, ACOs pushing healthcare out of the docs office/hospital and into the patients home., did he really die?, Oh LoL Ok, Damn Technology Has Come A Long Way.. #Salute Fam Thankz For Answering My Question!, hope i live a long life ahead of me, blarg. go back to gush-tweeting about your amazing gf... those I can at least eye roll at!, You remind me of the babe..., happy birthday to my baby girl, Scrape up your money (You dont need much) and come but a home in CA. The prices are insane !, oh okay (;, Don't know whether to be amused or nauseated by politicians saying Happy Mother's Day on Twitter. Really sticking your neck out, guys., ugh people make stuff so complicated , but ok lol, Outsourcing your accounts receivables to another company, frees up your resources to focus on more productive activities such as selling., Proves what you know! Not if they're completely different audiences that don't overlap, yet should receive the same message :P, I'm going to miss my best friend while he's gone! :C #jail #"vacation" @<3, You know you wanna follow me ;D, I Want to Fucking Party and Get Fucked Up Man., follow me pliss, The best kind!, You can derail initiatives for change by blaming the library's woes solely on sytemic issues, I love my family!!, blazers suck, i wonder if people find it weird when you tweet something and put the same exact thing on facebook., “: NCAA Semi-game putting a test to & Foul or Defend - Victory for ”, #Footloose a fav of dancers!, LOL- Glad to know there's a difference. I feel a bit better now :), Gloves, trees, other haeccities to introduce Jane Bennett., RT : The Oregonian Newspaper is very boring bc the editor fails to report all the neg news on Obama, they are losing rea ..., Before enlightenment: Chop wood, carry water. After enlightment: Chop wood, carry water., my dad thinks Victorious is the funniest show ever., yaaaaaas!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> *claps ..now I need your instagram..., C's destroy the Knicks, 113-96. Pierce drops 38, Ray has 32 and Rondo has 15, 20 assists and 11 rebounds. Game 4 Sunday at MSG., So glad to hear the show went well - we've been hearing great things about it!, Oh and I'm pretty sure YOLO is letters and You only live once is, NEOGAF IS DOWN!!! What the HELL Am I going to do at work now :(, “: Enjoy Patrice O'Neal's special tonight. #RIPPatrice” I hadn't seen this...hilarious., A couple of facts about #models 1) They don’t look like that in real life. 2) Models consume very few calories compared to most people., Inside of every old person is a young person that says, "What the hell happened?" Happy Birthday Big Bry!, You should NEVER mix business n pleasure.........DAMN..., RT : Earth Networks newest part is launching environmental observation networks #greennet local GHG detectors, well she Is a lucky girl, Hello! Thank you so much for following back!!, Moiko Records Radio (Cohost): "Time Won't Let Me" by Phil Watson & Robin Lee Field Now Playing, What are thoughts on ticket giveaways/contests via twitter vs Facebook? Stick to one or use both?, oh yea cuz...u tryed to come at me.........by telling dontarius you aint addin me, Good one, clever., I swear turn 2 you is amazing is so lucky 2 have a son like Justin he Is soo sweet & loves pattie soo much!! :D <3, Did just hickup?, “: we are carrying pinkel as well, snyder if we can get proper feed...” you need the CNN via sat for the latter, If people can't handle the brightness of your light? Give them some shades. Don't dim your light to please others., arn't we already worried about making super bateria/viruses? Maybe make it madnatory to stay away longer if they get sick., from "The 16yo is charged with two counts simple assault by mob, throwing a missile at a car, destruction of property", Females Can Be Players Too ., Welcome to getting older. Haha. MT: ": I used to be able to drink at least 6 shots of espresso a day...WHAT GIVES.", I'm Feeling Freaky Tonight lmao, Might take the 34 trolley tomorrow morning for once., feeling like a grinch right now., Got all the music I've wanted., No problem. Hope had a Great time at her gig. (:, go to Atrisco Bean., follow back? :), I need someone to come and take care of me :'(, Watching some Rocky movie with my dad., “It’s a shock, a real negative surprise,” said Panagiotis Spiliopoulos, head of research at the private bank Vontobel in Zurich., #Ballard Town Hall: "It hasn't been publicized much, but you will have to pay a toll to use the tunnel" #seamayor ^jh, groan :-) RT : Q: What kind of bees live in graveyards? A: Zom-bees!, lmao!!!! Ohh I forgot, an old flame hit me up yesterday with the hey my life is so great speech, turned into if I'm free., yeah I plan on it. I work til 9 though., fuxxxxxxxkkkk no hambone in lineup. Great just great., Original Power Rangers >>>>> Power Rangers in Space, Ninja Power Rangers and any other type of Ranger/Power Ranger, Jeff ruby's is superb!!!, "Hearing that Gottschee has filed legal action against the Cosmos" Why are they doing that?? Are they feuding about something?, Woke up to the smell of pancakes & hot chocolate (:, I can't find your tournament schedule anywhere. Anything going on tonight?, The United States is the only country in the Western industrialized world that still uses the death penalty., Am I in this because of the Android?!! The Nexus lives!!, Did an awesome job. Made me really want to see some upcoming shows, Today in 1611, Henry Hudson was left in a rowboat at sea and never seen or heard from again., RT : Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness., h Hampton Inn downtown., Cuban says NBA owners should profit from Olympics, too, Dr Lupo is pleased to welcome Dr Christin Hurt to the practice. Dr Hurt is from Garston Ala and is the proud mother of James born July 5th., No. You're a true woman. haha, Day trip to Philly tomorrow!, You are a mad, frequent RT'er. FYI..., I still think that we shouldn't rely on a rodent to decide how long winter will be for us., Last day this offer will be available. $25 for One Month of Unlimited Tanning Services at U Tan. www.dealoria.com, damn I have a huge headache! I haven't had anything to eat at all today :(, love you as Hodor! heading to Dublin today. What's your favorite place in the city?, "Economic Warfare" - The concept of adopting hazardous economic measures (overextension of credit) in generous economics (generous housing)., We believe that Waco is alive and kickin'! Get out and listen to great music! ;), I enjoy going to charity auctions and bidding on things I cant afford so that it ups everyone else's bids. I consider this my charity work., ok so maybe they will get swept if they keep playing like this, were those tweets about me?? O.O, your dunk over the KIA was impressive, but we'll give you a free tee if you can jump over a school bus., happy birthday Scott. Hope you're having a great one :) <U+2764> you're really sweet and awesome c:, Echo this. RT : Check that folks ... all soccer scores are in! ... Now onto lacrosse please., On the LIRR heading to DC to speak at SNAP WORM., So the quest for info begins... Sigma out..., Chill bro bro lmfao, A selfish bitch and I hope you Greece everyday realizing you lost a good friend #bitch !, #linkedin did you ever figure out which skills were duplicate; the error is lame - no information :-), I see the freshman year experience was too much for, Let me know if u get a hit on the old magazines donation. I've got some too., Who's out there enjoying this beautiful weather?, we agree! It's an exciting time!, Off to the park to play with the babies. So glad I finished my cooking at night and can just have fun with them all day! Happy day all!!!, “: Which team is the Mötley Crüe of MLS?”. And one., Quote of the day: "You'll get up here for some doobadoo and you'll go here and shoobadoo, you know what I mean?" -, Congrats! and yes you DO deserve a drink., it was great seeing you as always and thank you for dinner., Henry Fountain Ashurst was an interesting man, Hunger games at 10:40 with I think yes <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, some random guy called me gorgeous on FB , that was nice., #resume #tips Does your mission, and the mission of your company match? You might need to consider that to have career satisfaction..., :( why are my dreams always true, Likes the old myspace better......., Confession #6: I'm single, and I love it.(:, Getting started with #techraking hosted by, I'm guessing that Tweet would be reversed, if the standings were switched., Girl next to me wearing an all time low shirt hey what's up, Did you see it yet?, I embarrassed myself during gym. It's okay doe., Hey amiga :D, Mom: Your only Austin's fan because hes cute me: Yeah mom thats exactly why i'm a mahomie... -_-, Anyone else gonna send more photos? :) xx, Time to switch over to the Thunder game. is doin the damn thing, Midlakes Basketball: On our way to Pal-Mac...let's keep this season going!!!, Of course!!! We only know forms of payment in cheesecake., Gd m lol ppl horny this morning on the TL im not i got some bomb last nite and this morning #thatpart RT if u got some wake up this morning, Not good, get better!! {{{HUGZ}}}, Turing's paper clearly well-read in paper--couldn't tell so easily if it was a PDF. Have to keep better track of downloads., Thanks SO MUCH for the RT! We received 20 fans yesterday, donating $100 so far! Hoping to get many more for this little boy!, I can not sleep, I hate when i start crying about one thing and then i think about all the other things that piss me off and cry even more., Alright I'm dunzo. My back hurts lol., I think I love you . /:, Having a nice day with Mom, Dad, and today at Grandma and Grandpa's house. Now if only they'd share their dinner with us..., not always true i hang arond niggas to get notice, Huntsman: Innovation of US is envy of the world, Any of my UK friends want VIP tickets to the London Online Information conference? Let me know and you're in., Tell us some more great places to eat in Cincinnati?, Thanks Cindy! #fordla All of you, too! Great show. : great to see you last night!, Headed to Sunset Lounge to add some color to the party., Isles Roloson is stopping everything the Avs are throwing at him!!!, Munoz....of course!, ok that's it i'm marrying ed sheeran., you looked familiar .. so I was like "oh oh.. I know who he is.", it allows you to easily look at posts and articles from multiple media sites like FB, tumblr, blogs, twitter, etc., luckily they are still with you and always will be :), #sca2012 His role at NARA: help improve access, build community engagement, foster cultural change., I got a surprise visit today from David M who came to a meeting on the wrong day. Hi, Most misleading stat ever..., my shorts? Lol, Such a great feeling when I finally finish a project, I don't give a damn how you feel, cause you wont say it to my face less you ready to catch that thorough beat down Q(-_-Q), Not sure if it's good or bad that the software I work on has multiple support groups. I'm going to go with good., Great #Tarot readers available all weekend and every day at www.shindigtarot.com with free video chat to get to know your reader!, Have you seen our pictures from Cow Appreciation Day? What a blast!, Sunday's taping of Long Shot Podcast was so explosive it LITERALLY set 's building on fire! COMING SOON!, i don't even know how i'm going to get everything done before school, what is the exact wording of the error? Can you take a screenshot of it?, Working on new dance song, finishing up with music video this weekend. Stay tuned!, Wow, good to know!, If I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world? ¦, Have found must give cat separate bowl of milk in order to eat my yogurt in peace., Ozzie Smith and Bruce Sutter, Internet access been via 3G has been miserable all day long. Wth #verizon?, Cool, let me know what you thought :), This is really bad lol.You really should try to sleep!, Crawford? RT SI_JonHeyman Going on "The Rundown" on from 3-5 w/ hazel/matt. Talking Bryce, Bubba and Big-Money Busts (so far), Not really we just help promote our friends and they help promote us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : do you guys offer sponsors?, ::Waves back::, Just met a woman from Thailand, runs a tomato picking business, can't read or write, saved up $60k and just bought her house cash, I lov ..., sweet....that's awesome... I was over ur way today...Can't find your email..so wasn't sure where to post my vid??, don't even worry about it :), Almost forgot today was computer christmas at work - Hello new macbook pro + Cinema display. Next up: standing desk., I'm about as real as Trotsky, Lego nerds are awesome., I'm sorry I really dont wanna talk about it it's too embrassering, Lol @ the gay boys that complains and makes excuses. Go do something useful already, preferably not sucking dicks., Good advice is often annoying - bad advice never is., What's with all these fake Wiz Khalifa accounts, Just uploaded some pics check them out see what we do, That puppy is super cute. And extra derpy! We'll have more on the pup tonight at 5:00 pm., Hey man Im a christian guy and 1st I wanna ask if you can follow me? 2nd I want you to know that I will be praying for you!, take one sip every time unc fans complain dick vitale is pro duke. Make sure u have someone to drive u home at the half., Your face. I like that., yes! can't wait. lets lock in a place/time in the morning :), well, they've got free wings for moms at Hooters today. So there's that., I know betty draper is a shitty mom, but doesn't she realize that every year or so she comes home from the store with a new bobby?, show is Fri & sat nights; http:mindtrippingshow.com; love to have you come. How did you hear @ the show?, Back in Nova. Thanks Inessa and Shannon for suc ..., Something about talking about Green Bay Basketball scene gets blood flowing...amazing no matter how long ur gone,it never stops being home.., Thx for following. Where are you getting your degree? Do you have an internship?, well 7.5 on norm hard the. About 8ish when super hard haha, I'm buggin trippen on you - Justin Skye thissong has been on replay al dayy, he got hacked and can't get into his YouTube!!! Blah! That's bad. :/ haha, No really...I am!, Oh don't worry, I knew you were crazy when you took time to prove your sanity. It's okay though, you're in good company., Keep that pistol by me like my lovely mother., The Union Station bus driver just referred to me as a "young lady." As you may notice, it doesn't take much to make my day., Success is based on perception and nothing to do w/peers. God created u successful u just gotta perceive it!!!!, Uncorking the First DC Wine Week, Come down to Chef Geoff's Downtown and watch ALL of your favorite MLB games!!, I'm about kick your door ! Okay ?, Do you know a couple that are in a bad relationship? Do they need a love intervention? Email us at, Hey Ted! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :), !!!!! RT : HIRING bartenders, servers, hosts, security, managers! Email !, Roger Waters announces live performance of THE WALL at Yankee Stadium on July 6, 2012, Great workout ;) #floating&stinging, Sounds good! I hope you can make it out as well!, I texted my love saying he's a stinker and Rachet hoe & he said if I'm Rachet I'm obviously Rachet don't hate appreciate us rachet hoes lol, hm ok, fine by me. Dont need to see any bits., RANDOM PERSON READING YOUR TWEET AND ANSWERING BACK! <-- Also never happens with text :), I'll bet you $5 Davidson gets reprimanded too if you give me 100:1 odds., Work it baby!, Massage chair while I wait for my Q ! :-), Apparently the Final Four floor is sponsored by Pat O'briens, Except for that stupid song they did with Charlie's mom in the middle of the film. That was really dumb., Damn I'm bored :/, funny you ask that as Kiley is considering that very idea!, you think mark cuban is about to crap himself?, So mid-terms for social studies cba's for science nd w.e else i gotta do tuesday and wednesday.... FML, P. 12A headline Little Rock Sunday Demozette, "Weird Portland picking mayor.", Hello Greta van der Rol. Thank you for your follow., some folks stay young until the kingdom comes., That's great. I, too, am a North Carolinian BTW. :) Thanks for your support!, He's so fucking handsome..., “: #NW Robot Chicken” Too Funny ain't it., aw what happend to mee nobody talks to me anymore i get 1 follower everyday WHAT HAPPEND TO ME!!!! :'( YALL LIKE MY SIS BETTER FINE!, One free ticket left to the Chino XL show.... Whoever asks first will get it., That aerobic video has my mind gears spinning., just finished Michael Clayton. Was trying to relax after late work night. didn't work. note to self: thrillers aren't relaxing., I assume you're not watching, Hey I missed u at tonight, thought for sure you'd be there. #:-(, I saw my homie today and he asked for an autograph, I told him give me your number. Nothing changed, I'm the same Lito., LOL at lesbians. I mean, I don't care if girls like girls. I just think it's fuckin' hilarious., I tried to get VIP today for NYC but it's sold out., "Vegetarian" is an old indian word for bad hunter., Innovation and Invention together w/ Comprehensive Immigration Reform to KEEP talent in our country., haha. sure thing. I do tweet from time to time. Did an initial twitter binge for HELP a couple months back., We are still waiting in the upstairs gym for another 45 minutes. Should have packed a lunch., methinks i need a mental health day off from work(s)., My boyfriend just threatened me. If my grades fall. He'll dump me. Because he doesnt want us dating to affect my grades. Im smart not stupid, You have got to be kidding me., will you follow me please??(:, Need to get back there for some Gongfu sessions!, Today's Flatbread: Sweet Thai Chili & Grilled Chicken w/ red onion, red pepper & provel cheese Soups: Chicken Tortilla or Mediterranean Gaz, You'll be with me..then you'll leave and be with the next but you'll still be thinking about me..., Welcome to the Rams!, idc ab a girl. Lol id have to fight a dude tho., okay and if u cant see my face really well its cause theres no light on except my tv, So perfect!! I'm there next time :), I love that is on the banned list but UMG paid them for that Eminem advertisement., #familyfeud===> #steveharvey: name something you need to make #cupcAkes? man: ugh ugh ......PASS! lmfaoo, Happy Birthday!! Perfect weather!, “There is no surer way to screw up an experiment than to be certain of its outcome.” ~ Stuart Firestein, Morning Rockstars! > Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. - Benjamin Franklin, I'm bummed u won't b there on Wed, we'll miss u! Don't suppose there's a time I could stop by & say hello b4 my last semster is over?, I'm spending a quiet moment with Sadie---the only sound is the furious wagging of her tail beating the ground..., I will ask my DM. They haven't scheduled me for May yet., I'm at my grandma's house., “: Do y'all think Usher ever got to make love in that club, in that club, in that club?”, Flying a kite and eating crabs in Patterson park., "We're gonna skate to one song, and one song only: "Lady Hump" by the Black Eyed Peas.", when we feel STUCK its most likely 100% of the time bc we STOPPED in the wrong place doing the wrong thing., RT UCONN is the program & Jim Calhoun the coach that everyone thinks UK and Calipari are. Where is the media outrage?, now thats a bad ass tattoo . million trillion thumbs up ., Well currently out of a library job at the moment, but got a Public Librarian Certificate in the mail, trying to think of something to do., Second of all, I'm a nice person..I like to think I am..:) I just don't do anything half-ass'd backward..if my heart ain't it, forget it., Thanks for tweeting my quote! :) Have a great day! :), A:4 We must accept that change is a constant force of growth. It is our choice to be positive or negative., #orphans8 Jay Schwartz presenting after a screening of 'The Jungle', a film made by and about black street gangs in Philly., what ever happen to Tila Tequila?, Busy day! Advocates are holding PAIR Up for #Parkinson's Research events in CA, LA, MD, NY and OK, “: And so my dog just burped 30 sec later farted then stretched out and fell asleep” how I go to bed nightly, and I'm not going to respond to that, On this date in local history, Jamestown native Lucille Ball passed away in 1969. We will always love Lucy!, At the gym, but can't do it... Too tired lol!!!, yeah bruthas that will lock a boi UP literally haha, Lets go !, Hopefully wearing my Cutler jersey will improve the Bears chances of winning., heh. well, they're chicks, of course they do ;-), Thank you to all of our followers! Please spread the word and feel free to add the logos of your favorite websites!, Well im happy you've met them multiple times<3, Ugghhhh I left that ass, ha! I like "i am TOO going to keep chickens, david!", If you watch #porn then you're a little #gay, I mean unless you only watch #lesbian porn then you somewhat wanna see some, ": I'm up! I'm stoned! Headed to the airport to pick up 420 like a muhfucka. [Fwo]"...HELL YEA!..N IT BEGINS!!, MENA airlines praise Beirut's open skies policy - The Daily Star, Thought I'd stay the whole time, Please go watch it. It'll melt your heart. Have you seen Amelie? It's that same feeling., Thanks for the follow. Excellent quote from Thoreau., we should go celebrate with the penguins in antarctica <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7> ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>, Lunch time.., game tomorrow?, Gotta get some rest for STAAR. So happy for YEE<3, Hell yeah, they're good :), Musical Splendor In Sunnyside, My parents said they'd be home from Walmart with food in 10 minutes.. It's been 30. I'm starving!, Z...#sleep with the #Angels my friends xo, Don't forget that it's Woof Wednesday! Save on strollers, pup heads, neater feeders, and more! All day, every wednesday at Lofty Dog., Word to the wise: When in LA and someone asks you what television shows you watch don't respond "I don't watch TV." Conversation dies., You know it Baby ¦, 339,000 lost an all in pre other than that card dead. Had Anthony Soprano Jr at my table but it broke and I'm at 330 seat 8, said I'm fuckng her brain up.. #wTf.. She ratchet!!, No Birdman , youre not 5 star . you need to change yo ' twitter name, Making muffins for my mommy (:, Seattle, this December? See you there?, I had a very, very successful shopping day!, Not going to lie, I'm a little nervous to face the giants next week they are peaking at the right time..., For this month I am offering free coupon listing @ www.thecoupondeal.com call me I will set up everything, hassle free 786-237-7956, You are the only person on earth who can use your ability., you're so awesome! Another big highlight was eating at Taco Treat too...ha!, Really rather play the Yankees in the ALCS. Detroit scares me. Not the team, the city., Apple has an opportunity to make a recurring customer very happy. I hope they step it up, Joel Anthony is so damn poo, “: Hey, not Air Marshall Jon. You wanna get back in that rest room and not rest?”, Being with a family like that kinda makes me feel like I am part of that family not gonna lie Its a great feeling just wish Itd last forever, Mexican for dinner on Cinco de Mayo. Delicioso!, I'm always amused when ppl describe people living their lives as pushing a gay agenda. I guess I push a married woman agenda, Well, now I've already started thinking about my #rsa12 presentation. Is this an illness or what?, through the school system, thanks! Follow us to find out when the film will be released theatrically in Boston!, Now I tweet like everyday to get #oomf's attention....., #shoutoutto he's everywhere., dudee did u see where austin is suggesting to have his next concert, my birthday was on Easter- I requested ice cream cake :), <---- Ciroc an Cranberry, requested CDL 4 mos ago. Was just told there was a system glitch & was never issued. Won't receive for wks. Any way to expedite?, all learning and doing is social by definition. The 2.0 technologies just enable, extend and enhance it in new ways., Thanks for your kind words. You may quote me but please be sure to credit the publication it appears in too., Haha! RT : I'm eating humble pie right now lol, Well, add another state to the list of places I refuse to live on principle. sigh..., www.varsityjackets09.com we ship world wide! No minimums worlds best price 412 973 8262, Austin has braces! RT if you like his braces, aha (:, So tempting..., hahah well definitely not HS. Austin in general. And Coachella, Feeling the theraputic power of good music...have a great week a head people. Peace, can I get one please, you could've tagged me in it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>, Very nice but it would've been just as easy to draw both., Just be a follower. All Random., Just confirmed, thanks #Peterson: that was a Black Vulture eating something in the street for an hour., either way, it's a good day for meatballs, haha Doug you're so funny ., we've won 8 Championships this year., Traffic this morning?, Thanks! needed it for my phone to catch up on some reading : ), People are desperate to find anything even remotely interesting to talk about because they think it makes them sound cool., #gotosong Call Me Maybe! :), I do too... indeed, what power!, “: Montana always #1” - um what about Elway?, Big Big Big Big Big BOOTY BITCH !!!!, AOS: Flails on Shelf. Q: Quantum Interference Detector, R: (Alpha) Ray Spectrometer (spare), RayGun, S: Sharpie markers. T: Earl Gray (Hot)!, Wish i was on the beach right now with a bottle of wine, Cafe,Krw.GREAT PLACE IN THE WORLD hehehe^_^hang out here more Often!!, Plus I can watch the entire series of most things, which is nice if I want to start something new and have missed some., We're still looking for Festivus prize sponsorship. Email to sponsor a prize., I'm blesses to not have a lot of issues right now..... Things have been going pretty well, Beautiful soup., are super sad we didn't get to hug you!, I love you momma! ¦, I'm Supposed to go Friday night for my sister but idk if I can go cause of lax, well its over, with a curveball at the end was the late post office not being open. either way always glad we did it, Ai #Weiwei giving testimony to the world he lives in. If everything is out in the opening, there's nothing to spy on., I lost my email address to my twitter, had to go figure it out..lol..., ...need to prep for those. Not doing at all well (but'll get support as needed), Sofi's death was worst in long line of bads lately, so..., The hidden places and buried treasures are often in our hearts., Yes, fixed a lot with patches. Was running a water-cooled xfire machine oc and ran like crap still. Wasnt ready for launch., Bring on the, thanks for the RT! happy Friday!, @ NYU in class now!, Anybody wanna let me use their HBO login so I can kill some time waiting for my ride? please? :D, OK, I've had my fill of drama here. Time to sleep., I think Steven Seagal was high during the interview you just had., I love you!! You are beautiful mrs. Mini Voyles(:, How did I do?, drop in and say "Hi", ha as long as we dont get fucked this time thn sounds good And thes kids like heavy?, SO TRUE. That show has to change its voting process. Best singers get voted off week after week after week..., LMFAO you must not kno me then cause trust I change that up real quick but I doubt you ready for all that, Yeah, I deleted your number. Why? Because every time I'd text you,you'd act like you didn't want to talk. So there's no point in keeping it., Ladies come join us for the viewing of Basketball Wives Reunion pt2 at 8pm!, It's absolutely pronounced ON-DEEVE. Why isn't this working? RT : #MegaMillions baby. and I got this!, it seems to be running very smoothly, thought about his parents and how his family was allowed to be as they wished, unlike the people he reported on., RI holiday lighting contest announced - Quad City Times RI holiday lighting contest announced Quad City Times The Rock Island Beautificat, Three people in Colorado currently on #deathrow. DA Carol Chambers is pretty much the only DA who has even tried for it as of late., I personally don't have any at WDW. I forget the rules of getting a virtual approved, but you can find them at Geocaching.com, this game is ugly, Thank you for your #knowpositive donation!, I can't stand when "grown" men whine n complain like a child!, burnt toast and hello thursday morning, I CAN BE VERY UNPREDICTABLE SOMETIMES! !!!, Awesome! #dogood RT Headed to Silver Spring for some volunteer work this morning. My soul needs this., Get it while it lasts! $10 off this weekend only to download for just $19.99 balb.us/S4G_app, I need ya all to follow this sexy beast right now! Tell me if ya do and I'll give ya a shoutout too!!! ¦, RT : "Stan, poke your Grandma!" LOL!, We're going to spend the next two days at with our Leaders as Learners. Such a great place for meetings., Goodmorning ppl! =) So happy me and bby are taking a visit back to my City.....San Antonio. I was just starting to miss that place! =), - but sporting a rockin' 'stache certainly helps..., TONIGHT: All Night Happy Hour 'til close! 1/2 off your favorite appetizers | Party Tunes by | Guest List 916-295-0720, changed back to my pjs.. :(:(, You're welcome! Thanks for the post on the #FNAM's Season 5 lineup! :), Surround me in dubstep. #You'reAllINeed, finally got the smell of dead baby pigs off of my hands <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>, Say happy birthday to our very own Lucy of the . At voltage now for a surprise w prosecco and cupcakes!!!, For those of you in , don't forget CAT vice-chair and general committee apps are due by midnight tomorrow!, Yeah he does but I thought they said he was three but if not, "It's your birthday & I know u want to ride out, if we only go to my house, sip on Ciroc & sit on my couch" remix, Hey kids so its Jersey Mikes then tonight it's Industry (the old Area) across from 650 (the old Republic). Lol lots of things are a changin!, Miss you, too! Love to all., Night all. xo, Why is it that it took 5 minute stand stills on the 15 for everyone to just merge into one lane!!, RT Only thing worse than lyin TO me is lyin ON me, BD team should go:, Jesus you are everything, and your ways are worth anything. Isaiah 55, Darkness in the Night I’ll Find that Light for You As Long as I got Eyes I’ll have a Sight for You, : you win this round Ozzie., Agreed. We see concept and message as a key element of the brand, which we refer to in the post., I would just like to say that Alison Bechdel's ARE YOU MY MOTHER has outsold 50 SHADES OF GRAY nearly twofold. Huzzah., Congratulations to on their grand opening today in the #DesignDistrict!, none of my hw will ever get finished if I was still working out here with that ho bag in Monterey., is changing lives on the daily through community leadership. I recommend following for, is this the weekend that the #LandofConfusion finally over takes my valiant #TJDonkeys?? I had to make some questionable moves, We do have a lot in common!, LMFAO on #Verizon Stage tonight at 930 pm! Today Show taped this morning at 7 and back tomorrow! #Indy looks get on national tv!, Reality setting in today...rely on the strength of the Lord #he>i, What happened to the Smashing Network button? It was one of the main reasons I visited the site. Am I missing it?, Is off to see the wizard of sleep. Soon. After a few more edits., Apparently dressing like a lesbian is the new style for girls., #stm2012 Mendeley has 225 million uploaded documents with user-generated tags & related research feature, i wonder what happened to the glasses that projected on the retina? blindness, perhaps?, I love my new followers' feed! You guys rock!!, TONIGHT #Obsessions Brings LIVE!! #X #PoleDancer #Strippers #Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga(v, Eat ur cabbage! #Cabbage contains vitamins #A,C,&K. which are vital in maintaining the health of your, thanks Berni :) What did you think?, Crossing my fingers. Crossing everything! :), my spanish teacher obviously doesn't know me well if she thinks im actually going to write 50 sentences for her, I intend to win it., and we have PICTURE LOCK ladies and gentlemen!! Three years... wow. Thank you all for your support!!, with your brand and personality, you are crazy if you don't!!, hey Macy moo i miss you cuzsin, On the road after stopping off for dinner at Roy Rogers' in NJ. GPS says we've got 3 more hours to go..., Huge thank you to , , & for joining us today & supporting #Nationallabday. You guys were awesome!, lmgtfy. Shaking my head., They need 2 kick Ron Artest punk bully ass out the league, Today's special: Old Country Hungarian sausage! Delicious!!!, a good girl knows her limits, a bad girl pushes her limits, a real women has no limits, Celebratory "welcome home meal" with and at the best noodle bar in NYC., love you :), I Don't Like Justin Bieber, but i Don't Hate Him. So..., She's got a cat tattoo and her dress is blue., we know you want friday to come! we all want it too, but just calm your ass down and wait the next 48 hours just like we have to., :D me and lovee period cups(;, That's too funny! I'm seriously gonna throw a party when I get to 6000 tweets like you my friend., Glad we could help out!, Is your Cinco de Mayo feast loaded with no bueno foods? 6 Tips for a Happy, Healthy Fiesta from Zeel Expert Thanks Beth!, Hi Twitter friends. I've moved! Now at ...It's nice over there., Good night, Injury accident at College and Futrall. Traffic lights are down and there's a big backup., Let's start this Holiday season right. Times have changed, Americans struggle everyday to keep their jobs, pay bills and put food on the ta…, I couldn't agree more, John., Behind every babyfaced twink is an old perve with a fat wallet!! NoLie, You are too nice!! Thanks lovely sister <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>, Kudos to Communication Professor and Director of International Programs for joining the twitter world., Continuing our growth and looking to fill an e-Learning project manager position in Cleveland, Ohio. Email me if interested at dan…, #MyPastRelationships made me stronger and wiser, RT : Q3 Meeting the requirements of the Customer, Usability, Quick Adoption, thanks! I hope you are well., Not likely, but it does put salt on his wounds!, breaking news; hacking with #TileMill for processing data during, Good Night <3!, OMG YOU HATE ME RIGHT UGH PEOPLE HATE ME, It's a Camry. They usually go for a LONG while., Stay where you are. I will send people to help. :-p, -- so happy finally chose a side and publicly stated that he supports gay marriage!, Only if she can pour whiskey on you! RT : - Can I have the stool next to ?, You should never let one dark cloud cover the entire sky. The sun is always shining on some part of your life. Go get a tan!, Mom and my sis got snowflake designs for the holidays. I just wanted a plain french mani pedi hehe, did you guys have opinions on the #Redskins picks other than RGIII? I'm curious because you guys never spoke on it., The USA players bore me, I almost in oakland my hometown baby hella happy, Not me , but Yale town, thank you thank you !, Getting Sleepy but I wanna stay up and have late night convo with #oomf ha, Fact: Woman Gynecologist Likes to Play With Themselves, Awh he's adorable :), Anything for my gal! Although, when a man is cooking meat on a fire...he is in caveman mode., #SocialMediaTip always be truthful, Oh man, this Monday is off to a CRAZY start.., Yes he does ! C:, Wow. Gotta give cards credit. No Siva. Shady calls. Still somehow up 1, word good to see you bud., trying to!, have fun buddy!, I'm nervous to dye my hair ... I hope it comes out good :), Hi AJ thanks for the follow, I love Tampa, great sunsets., no way, but more inspiring., is awesome, Drawing a picture of you!!! Might Bring it with me to one of your concerts!, good luck with your trip!, Why do I keep doing this? I'm a weak, weak man when it comes to, Future of personalized medicine-- medications and treatments tailored to YOU:, follow me back?¢, Is watching ur show, that could be it. That video was actually taken in Marin County, CA, but that makes as much sense as anything else., do speak Spanish?, Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!, Slow things down, speed them up. Not enough or way too much., "RT : Adopting a dog from a humane society, an animal shelter, an SPCA or a dog rescue group saves a life!" <--- Yes it does!, Off to see the #brewers from the AirTran Airways Landing Zone in right field. Perhaps will stop by to say hi!, Lost in shuffle, Turner on KG: "He's a tough cat. He's hard to move. Every time you bump into him, it feels like your body gets a headache.", Tonight, 11ish, 2690 Wight St., Detroit River(town)., hard wrkn day of music, aw it was funny (:, I don't even like the little fishes touching me!, Gettin my hair cut, I wonder if I'm the only one you text all day long...<3, ICYMI Holding 2 accessibility awareness sessions @ #PurdueCalumet this aft. to mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day, SEC Charges New Jersey Man In Real Estate Investment Scam, Man's heart away from nature becomes hard. ~ Standing Bear, You cannot talk defeat and expect to have victory. Keep smiling., We just started the film! Packed house., SPACEBAR--if you have ever written a play, been in a play or seen a play, you will love SPACEBAR. #sourcefest June 2011, Trust no one ;But When I Due Imma Take Advantage Of It.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>, Keep your head up! You still have an amazing career ahead of you!, Talked to a great fashion designer Cassie Betts today. She seems like a fascinating woman. Wants to dress a client., Loading in for the show at HOB. Take off ur dancing shoes and party with us tonight! Thats right, take em OFF!, A bounce is defined as a visit involving only one pageview, Out & about with , ready for another interesting night out, And we will again (today;) follow this man!! ---> RT You're my favourite too! I remember you #FF'd me!, I'm definitely planning to go back and rent a place with the kids, if I get the chance., No. It was tonight :(, hey Im good you, Who enjoys friendship more than I?, so u'll help me i cant believe u will do that for me lol thx if u r, its really funny have you seen american pie or bandcamp ? its like those rwo movies, when did I ever support romney? Vote 4 obama? I made stupid mistake voting for current gov but I'm not actually stupid, June 12, 1982 disarmament protest paper is part of my dissertation--maybe a couple of years until it's done. I'm happy to share., Have you come up with a way of celebrating #MKEDAY? Thanks for all you do fro the community!, Titanic in 3D:) with and, Congrats to the whole team! RT : 's pitch received the highest scores at Founder Institute's Mentor Review., This mix is vicious!, Check out Events www.whatsfunnylive.com, Campers are "occupying" downtown Portland sidewalk. It's on #GoodDayOregon this morning., Making some kim chi. I took a picture, but it looks like spaghetti from a can..., My thought is it's your blog. If there's something you need to get off your chest, say it, esp if people have crossed a line., must be sweeps^, Rockin Suspenders today with my suit in the office, feelin so fly and in charge!, take one and bring it to me (: haha, Weren't the recalls supposed to be referendum on Governor and his policies? If so, do the results show the people of WI #standwithWalker?, well the lady tried to steal my money and my cleanliness, Why is it that Monday is so far away from Friday but Friday is so close to Monday? #iWantSummer <33, got that new apartment tho, Once again, Saturday > Monday at the Final Four., We love the way you try so many different styles of Yoga. Maybe there's a teacher training in your future? :), just followed (:, Thanks Chip. Got back safe & sound. Was good 2 see if. IF I keep working I will Share the wealth!, That awkward moment when you wave and smile at someone but they don’t see you., my faavvv part was when he was singing and hugging his wife and crying <3, I've never felt so unwanted before in my entire life. This honestly sucks so much., i don't feel like doing anything today. Fine, give myself a day off. TEDXUSC is on tmr!! Final will be on Mon!!!, Where are people eating dinner? I'm going to try Safe House tonight with Hope I remember the password., What happened to ?he unfollowed & disappeared/suspended?/self absorbed? Dave,whats up?, Im lovin all these fights on Viddy!!, we need more lemon pledge!, Thanks to all the fans for coming out to the Fresh Coast Classic. Congratulations to Bowie State for winning!, Awesome. The 2 of u r a gr8 combo. Still out here wishing you would listen and opinionate. Continued success. S, I don't think I've ever seen a game with worse three point shooting, That's just mean. Nothing about being a townie is awesome. RT : no that's awesome, Are you wondering if I can dunk? Alas, I can't. Yes, close to 5'4"., I got them moves like Jagger. Just sayin'., Get a account, you'll love it! But beware...it's very addictive! :), #Angels #Marlins world series?, Can Monica be the next Bachelorette please? A normal, ass kicking Bachelorette., Welcome to twitter Coach:), Beth is cool, Chronic #illness is a family obstacle, not an individual problem., Glad you are safe....Guys like that just need to be eliminated., 2-1, we need a new keeper!, Work with Faucha is like work with SpongeBob. Work with her, but only if you can handle 6 hours of straight laughter., Need help finding a great #NYC Apartment? Send me a message, I'd love to help!, What to expect in the year of the Rabbit-- Astrologers project "quiet, positive and inspiring" things to come. Excellent time for arts., I gotta C.R.U.S.H. on you, I love me some you : ), Hey ...that is how it goes., I love watching , awesome battle rounds!!! I'm 1-4 tonight so far, you don't know what will happen!, seriously fuck everyone.. the day i'm 18 you'll never see me again. fuck you., We like to edit - but we like to shoot more., All I can do right now is think of crappy times and if I done things differently would things be different? Questioning this a lot rn., Night owls! What is up?! Let's talk!? :) how is everyone doing?, No, no, thank you! Feel better Mr. Wicks., Our eCourse site is down. Sorry for the inconvenience. Hope it will be back up around 6 pm ET., you are a man of many words., Really likes Bruno Mars. Great retro look, style and sound., I'm sick of all of it! I wish they would leave our #Saints alone!!, Thanks so much for the retweet!, Wait, why can't I have a douchey one??, LOL, Artun!!!! Hope You had an Awesome Thanksgiving! Why has it taken me this long to find You on Twitter? Er. :), Um, I think that sounds perf. I've heard amazing things., Thanks for the #ffs and, pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 38, Why wud u try to fix something that has already been brkin!!:), strange, I knew you were going to respond in exactly that way! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>, how am I SO blessed? Or maybe spoiled? You spoke my love language today. Sweet surprise! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! xo, Shabazz been working in the gym for that NIT Appearance next year., "It's perfect. I am weeping." <----- [actual client feedback], Chivalry is dead today., Just bought my tix for the Hunger Games on Friday! Hope this weeks goes fast..., I wonder when being Miss. Independent turned in2 so much stress & when comments like "you always come out on top" turn in2 added pressure., It's not about who you spend the most time with. It's about who you had the best memories with., you are the man.... let us know when editing is done, can't wait to see the video!, These tacos are going to be bangin'!, Gary in the kick drum come, come, #iMediasummit - Admob After Hours Party Hotel Suite Kasbah #1 right after dinner, keepn it sleazy on a saturday night., Virtue would not go far did not vanity escort her, I haven't been this happy in months. It feels nice. n_n, Now following follow back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, made it to the gym...hoping to keep my BS under even better control in 2012, Oy vey. Holy cow. Oh my God. Wow., UHH CHAIN letter's YES or no??, ha I would dump him too!!, A week of being sick again & still making it out to the gym for a 3 mile run & weight training. Half regrets but hate being non-productive., and I never got an email inviting me to the 15K 5 Freerolls at 3K., This Sunday at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square, come and see our friends the Red Hot Rhythm Chiefs for Jazz Brunch., Im back on twitter, holla at ya boy! ;-), what u mean which white boy da rapper, ilove ur eyes for real they are pretty!":), The first day., Smokin that ganja | “: Im up up and away o_O”, very nervous, im shivering o_____o, ok. what is it about?, because it's a tidy allegory for the 99%. 100 boys compete, 99 die and the winner gets rich., rip momma gibbs<3 shes watching down on you guys as you hit the stage each week. have a great day guys <3 love you all., that awkward moment when your home alone but hear footsteps., I'm no better than you today. In fact, I'm one of the most humble you'll meet. Stay kicking it with those that others ban: homeless & thugs., hey! Thanks for following. Love what you all stand for! S/o to, - YoMama opens in Brookfield today!, Ah, cool! Hope you're having a little fun outside of work! :), I just donated to and so should you!, Stand Up by on pandora, you need to soon, he's getting big fast!, RT IF YOU LOVE BEAUTIFUL WOMEN, Good afternoon tweeties!, Now. I'll be shocked if it's only just one you can find there., Ap chem <3 I freaking love you, Feeling energized after our monthly library metrics meeting. Yes, I said metrics and energized in the same sentence., I'm reading that now, too., Oh good! I watched 's talk on Digital Forensics, so a podcast would be fine., I need a new Draw Something opponent. #anytakers ?, it was so nice meeting you and working with you the other day!, love it!, #spicechat I'm alittle late.. hope everyone is well., brilliant. RT : I will be reanimatingtweeting somebody dead for the come Canada Day., New SWORD Y U NO RAISE, lol sorry I haven't been online much...but Hey! lol, Stay tuned!! xx, White boy swag, d(-__-)b im n my rock bag listening to Paramore_ThatsWhatYouGet... WOH!!, Ok. Hope everything is fine and you feel better soon then., You're in NOLA, I'm in Panem with Katniss. Started reading tonight and I'm hooked! Thanks for the loan. Have fun at, Kate Upton shows off &#39;Cat Daddy&#39; dance in bikini, my human would have done the same... Animal lovers love animals!, Shootin some footy for a lilbitta "Everywhere and Back" video this weekend. What's good ??, RT : This talking point was exhausted in 1987. RT : Medicare trust fund exhausted in 2024, Social Security in 2033, 10 minutes and some change left #Arsenal Lets go gunners!, Oh hello, mister. Good to see you back. And yes OMG. I don't even know what to say, it was too ridiculous., Whats up World.... Whats going on out there?, #foodlabdr this evening I met very interesting: social impact investors, social entrepreneurs etc also met fellow Haitian form REBO and CRS, Cool finds!, Wow that's quite the quake in DC...preliminary 5.8., Seems someone hacked into my account. Everyone who sent a message please check your accounts and reset pws!, Did you see the funnel cloud yesterday? Crazy stuff!, emma stone, i don't like the blodclot spewing from your neck., RT : TechStars Network member begins accepting applications today! Pre-qualify for Spring 2012..., Richie Havens - Nobody Left To Crown - 07:27 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song, Thank you for the opportunity to write it :), Thanks for spreading the word!, why don't you just become a male stripper/escort? You would have to make way more money that way.., I knowww I love it!!!, #1ThingICantStand when someone talks major shit on people & the next day they're bestfriends with them., I want a new life and I want it with you., Steamed broccoli is $7, love that movie, Back at home..lets see if get interrupted back here as I finish my studies., Notre Dame's guard play is too much for Baylor to handle. ND wins 78-73, i see on youre bio youre no longer a Social Media Wizard, you are just a Social Media Intern now, practicing black magic huh, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen in my pants bay-bee!, USA threatening in the final minute!, Browns draft crew and front office get fucked again!!!!, way to go dumbass's. Great give away more picks why dont ya., Expect a whole day tomorrow of excitement, nothing can bring me down, SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!, Tomorrow is performing with at McDavid Studio. is performing in the Hall w/, Man what I would do to get my hands on a I so want this, There will be rehearsal this wednesday evening, unless another unsuspected thunderstorm decides to hit again, "The difference between school and life? In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that..., please follow me! #ProudToBeAMahomie =D, Chillin' with my family!, Enjoying dinner and beers with & - Love #outoftownguests ^aef, I ¦ my daughter; I ¦ my boyfriend; I ¦ my family...really hoping what i heard today isnt true!, i like where your head is at, W.T.F no service again!!!!!, A Retweet party? #Shawing! I'm in!, stfu,,, i never eat your fuckin' cookies.. its all urs ((;, Search for ASTD EVENTS in app store, Monster truck rallies often times have 1$ popcorn, my gut says smith too. Just hope he holds up. One score and 40 yards...not asking a lot, Eating me some lean pockets, bc rez hates fat people., Wonder what my girlfriend is doin welp finna turn my phone off n let it charge for a min, - Thanks for the blog mention!, afc champion and nfc champion :) ravens and gaints is what i want :), we got 9 scores recorded for you (z4c-bn), So that's how airlines make their money: went a few pounds over on my checked luggage, so my fee went from $25 to $115. How is that legal?!, email just got me so pumped for Miami., ur boy won't down then all this heat talk come out of no where lol me and kelvin knew u was gonna, You know how sometimes you go to a conference and have no idea what the hell anyone is taking about? Yeah., I come in handy on occasion! You should sign up for the weekly Duotrope newsletter, too. New markets, contests, etc.!, Where is my life going???? Where is my life heading??? What i am doing whit my life??? I am 32 what do i have to show for it????, which came right after him telling Queen Frostine to put her right hand on green..., HUD modified the existing policies related to 2 of its asst programs to give unemp homeowners time to obtain a job before losing their homes, I'm always gassed up I'm Neva on E! LMAO, Wearing my Rick Santorum sweater vest on, and I'm feeling the power., i like that, One step at a time to make it to CBS, or even better: sangria and mojitos! wants some too!, Cal & Stanford have produced 6 of the first 46 picks so far., Just realised it was like 7 people from school who un followed me. shows how loved I am ;), looks like we are still on for lunch with on Tuesday! Woo hoo! ^ds, Me and Drew Doughty of the Kings are twins because we share the same bday!! December 8th (He's 89, I'm 94) LOL, #highlife forever baby, i didn't get the second call lol but imma call you, T-2 days until a two week vacation that includes a trip to Vegas and a golf tournament, I wanna go back to bed ^.^, 12 more hours left in my shift, going to be a long ass night., Awww. Thanks! But you know what i mean, right? If it's not one thing, it's another....blah blah blah., Fat Gary is even better on, That movie was so good. Nuff said. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>, yea i feel u, So if you're a pregnant fifteen year old you probably shouldn't be posting pics on facebook of you posing with a bottle, Why don't websites or news websites ever cite the original research? So frustrating., I say we just use the black costumes!, Why do people that claim to hate licorice keep drinking my expensive gifted absinthe? You don't even like it!, ......when your broke people treat you like shit, Thanks for the support over there in Oklahoma! Shine responsibly!, Can't wait to get off work !, Hey, I never followed , so how did they get on my Following list? Damn spammer marketers make me sick., Off to NY till Tuesday. No poker till then :(, Enjoying the earthquake song selection on JackFM. Listening to We Will Rock You, All Shook Up, and It's the End of the World as We Know it., One thing I've always wondered..."What Does Sloth Meat Taste Like?"..., Respect the coach even when you disagree., We can help you, we have a team of structural engineers and work in newcastle, Just watched Tucker & Dale vs. Evil. I hope next time I'm mistaken for a killer in the woods will be there to help., How does a girl vampire flirt? She bats her eyes., redbirdstudio.com/AWOL/acting2.html , sorry.. This is the correct website., I'll let him know you think so. He's also got a cannon for an arm, which pairs nicely with his massive, air-filled swings., John are you at the Final Four this weekend?, Midlands car parts firm enjoying Jaguar Land Rover boom, eagerly anticipates 's Wikis for #Genealogy talk at this morning's CGSSD meeting, Yes, of course. Also, some academics could just pull their heads out of their asses., Colorado State boosts undergradate tuition next year by 9 percent, Authors present include Lee Child, Tess Gerritsen, Charlaine Harris, Karin Slaughter and David Hosp., Nyjer is an idiot., love austin mahone, Going to NYC today! Any suggestions for places to go or things to eat?, Sometimes I wish I had a pair of big boobs... My life would be so much easier, nearly every criticism leveled by could have been said of MLK. boring tidbits galore., In the U.S, Frisbees outsell footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined., whats your number again? I accadentally deleted that message, You know you've settled into a new writing/training/cosulting gig when you obtain a library card within the new city in which you're working, Hey there. How are ya?, yeah, and quality takes a hit. big time., I really suck at spelling on my iPhone, i would say that's rude., Hey, Kim, we're just learning the ropes. What do you think about teaching literature--how do we help students create meaning?, So many shootings in #Louisville the past few days... No bueno, Sorry we didn't have more time to chat! Thanks for coming and hope to see you again soon., Happy Mothers Day! We love our moms!, S/O to all the bitches MAD bc they man trying to talk to me !!, awww thanks RT : Energy fans, make sure you follow , great local company., Trying to cure your case of the Mondays with Scotch at work? Try a clothes cleanse instead. We can help. #MadMen on the mind, I could come off the bench in the league. I would start for the bobcats tho., Chillin in West Bend, WI before the gig tonight w/ at Foz's Martini Bar, 8-11. Going to be playing selections from the jazz idiom., Joe Lacob needs a hug. haha. the boo birds ain't playing., I take it there was a game tonight..., RT Make a #pisces laugh till they cry and you found a place in their heart, Awww, you are so sweet :{). Thanks for everything ¦ Much Love!, Had a cville debut pint of Boxcar at last night! Looking forward the big batch., that they did it against the lowly wizards. Gotta put the effort in perspective, right?, Them hoes on Craigslist RT : I wanna chic that can do dis shit this lady did during half-time, Treat yourself to luxury!!! Check out our amazing Memory Foam Mattresses!, UNC's lengthy post defenders just too powerful for Creighton! Gotta start swinging the ball on the perimeter and look for quality shots., Shit, just as I thought you had mother fucking changed, you throw this in my face. Douche Bag, get hit by a fucking bus.!, I said Kalon is a liar, fraud and narcissist. Add to that psychopath. Seriously. I think he's psycho. Mark my words., boys boys boys, we love them! :D, Bert Cooper in pajamas, Don't let lost keys ruin your weekend plans! 20% off unlocks today! Call 503-241-4922, today & mention Facebook or Twitter !!, Did I mention a brilliant and loving human being? Also a blogger for Huff Post., Today was a +1 day, and my boy out in K-Town??, I sure wish I had someone to wine and dine for valentines day..but then again nothin else make my dick hard like countin cash, For 1 minute i was like ooooooooohhhhhhhhh my God Denise k, All the boys are dressed like Wheels from Degrassi JR High today., Ok, show's over, back to work., #TheAvengers was so awesome. Maybe even the best superhero movie I've seen... No it is the best!!!, Do you think Eric Cantor practices his stern face in the mirror at night?, I certainly do, and so do several other tweeps in OK who are adults., I'LL DRIVE YOU! :D, let me call him and check LOL, Na. Was going get season tix but Os didn't offer a good pack. Prob going to stub hub, Twan! I can't believe you were in that. Please tell the story on our show this morning., Playing with the new. Blackberry. I think I'll keep it!, hahaha too bad isn't in our row, oh? If I do remember, you're the one who wants your house to be a stop on the underground railroad., "Can you do me a favour?" Normal people: Sure. Directioners: Does it involve the buttah sock?", oh you know me..puffin a cig in the bathroom stall, is coming to OSU. I can't even contain my excitement right now., Hey gave you her number in chicago. Call her., thanks, MG. Education, statistics, public awareness, actually authoring the leg., Just registered for Digital Pedagogy in the Humanities at led by -- excited :), "This is actually a question from Twitter..." Touché!, passed my CDL test today!, well they r awesome!, these facebook people are getting on my last nerve. forreal, just go home., I'm still scared about it because I can't lose this opportunity., Really, Naunyn-Schmiedeberg? Did you really HAVE to do that? No one thinks of the cataloger., Did they?, Nautica as our latest #blastoffnetwork retail partner. Welcome!, At north naples country club with my good friends jerry n sherri beauchamp, what does your organization do?, if i gone one day i be back one day, Heading over to Redmond again today, and will probably spend all day in cold rain. Where can I get a good, cheap coat? Need one!, When people make it awkward and then walk out of the room >>, Yoga accompanied by Kings of Leon, I am the 1%. I blame the 1%. I take money from the 1%..... Barack Hussein Obama, aite i got ya lady, Jake grew up in front of our eyes. He was cute but he's super sexy now., “: Breakfast made for me, dishes done, and a big cupcake. That's all I need. #HEBMoms” Sounds like heaven!, hello again, twitter! it's been awhile, but you've never looked better!, Happy New Year from the Playboy Key Club! Make it a great 2012!, RT : Tamron Hall you are a goddess. A Goddess I tell you. A Goddess., which match will you be watching live tomorrow afternoon? I need some advice., Good morning 2 all & may your day be Blessed with no stress!, I gotta loop into this convo. oh wait, i just did., that should be a pet peeve for EVERYONE., DailyDeal fail: no business can sell $50 of product, for $25, 1/2 going to Groupon, so biz gets $12.50 for $50 of product? Not gonna last!, Christian bale could not be more beautiful, see suellen's fat lip came when these crazies started attacking us, so I whipped my man purse & hit her instead..oh well-accidents happen ;), These teachers are insane thinking I'm gonna do work in EVERY class., Make it to the top. Get everyones attention. Put the spotlight on you. Then quit. What a great life motto., Watching idiots protest mariage equality is like watching American Idol auditions -- except the prize is being on the wrong side of history., Hence the fact that Skyrim is procedurally generated. Portal 2 is similar problem articulated differently [+], for real i would've been outta there: it's a plane FULL of parachutes!, is the bomb so you should follow her:) should follow her:), thank you :) you're 1000 times more sweetheart,awesome, amazing, caring, loving and rocking person., i HEARD you be playin' around. Bitch, when you're with me - you'll be settled down!, As well as if extra yarn in case I finish anything is necessary., Nissan? Yuck! Audi would have to be the R8. Acura tsx was my #1 but hate premium fuel. Sucks filling up the Porsche, Any radio stations live broadcasting the AZ cnn debate? No tv here but plenty of radio available via Iheart and nobex, thank you:), PATHETIC CNN/MSNBC just dodged a bullet by ROMNEY's graciousness NOT engaging w/WRIGHT scandal., Following some great folks:, #NP "I Walk The Line" a cover from Chris Isaak's 'Beyond the Sun' album., lets build., woo :) are you planning on it being like a chill party or like ze's bday party lol, If life is a journey the BEACH should be the destination!, it's annoying when scrolling through facebook newsfeed and seeing THE SAME EXACT PERSON like it everytime., Why do people unfollow me? :[, RT : #Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez had an MRI today which confirmed a torn ACL in his right knee., Where is everybody ? Guess ill clock bck in @ 10 ! Llh, #21strep is speaking at the Edmonds Landing tonight! 6:30pm. Come find out why she is the better candidate for #Wa State Legislature!, #32 my favorite time of day - Yeehaw Junction, FL, Maybe I should rephrase - what about during the reception? I've done that with other guests. Or I think I have..., thanks for the awesome Kiehl's shirt for the holiday! Sporting it for Chicago's 'gives back night'! Cheers!, King Crimson, Queen, Daft Punk, and Sebastian, Today: Washington DC Conference on Skilled Labor: Conditions for Growth - www.rgit-usa.com at the Newseum., are you covering Libya atm?, looked up crazy monuments without #solonely <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>, Roses are Blue, Violets are Unicorns, This Poem doesn't make any sense. Refrigerator.., the. It must really hurt to know that you never beat us honey bear., We follow!, Q2: Students learn to listen and dialogue. They also learn to prioritize and share., Congrats on the great reviews, I'm trying to round up a bunch of lit folk to see it in Dec., I just fell in love with after hearing she's collaborating with G-Dragon and of #BIGBANG!!!!!!, No problem ;> “: Dear , thanks for the follow beautiful #YOUNGSWAGSWAGESQUIRE”, im gonna be so sad when the ep ends :'((, face &music always calms me down!!!!!, I had a great time at the Cramsey Christian Academy today! Great lesson!, I missed the 2009 Kings of Convenience too, but really loved the first two! Awaiting your approval..., Natalie and Emma get waffles, I get cereal, Whoa! Don't get too tired now. :), It's 's last day as a teenager!!, I need your help. I'm trying to study for the test you took Friday in math and I have no clue what I'm doing., Looking for tips on putting corporate policies on an LMS. They are about 2 pages of typed text in length. Need to track., Thanks! Looking forward to spending a night w/ inspirational teachers & community members!, On the way to vote in the DC primary today. Voter apathy is not an option for me., Good mooorrnin!!:-) Hope everyone have a productive day!, I'm not a sexist. It's just that sandwiches just taste 10x better when a woman makes them., agreed, it is now done but not enough and take-up is low, Listening to Thella Bowens talk about the new British Air nonstop to London. Get you tix now & you get tea w/ Wills & Cate!, His voice & his face, just adsnxcnvdfkSEXmcnl;vksjf;s, I hope Adele's surgery is a success!, Fresh new hair cut :), Homemade Kofta Kabobs by transferred into my homemade chicken noodle soup. Pretty decent trip to, WASSUP PEOPLE, FINALLY WAKING UP FRM MY NAP.....SMDH.....& TIME 2 HIT THIS STUDIO, HAVE A GREAT DAY!!!!, South Africa Application Deadline is TOMORROW! This is your last chance to apply! Get your applications in !, why is everyone hating on 8FLAVAHS?, On Location: London, in a Lofty View Michael D x2019;Souza fell in love with a fixer-upper in Mortlake, a district in southwest London ne, Of course I'd love to see some pictures of Fox. :)), I'm I the only one who finds the song the climax by usher annoying ?, Reggaeton major world commercial >>>, you are the best merch girl ever, Apparently my dental education has prepared me for more than I had hoped. P.S. I treated the staff like chess pieces., His & her jocks sweeps, Toby Keith summer concert promo, gas sweep, and new Easton Corbin intro are now posted., RT : RT : What does it take to implement 6m sq ft of #BIM at one of the US' largest medical centers?..., The male definition of L-O-V-E … Life’s Often Very Expensive, is now working with Dream Maker Talent Management!, Awhh okay, I gotta find my way up there to hang!, “: Don't be content with average....average is just as close to the bottom as it is the top”, Trying to vote is like running a gauntlet! Back off people., Feel sorry for the guys out there., how u been, I hope these two don't think they're doing me a favor by talking about we up here studying for my benefit, Its going good, just chillen ! && you?, NOW at Night Lights Up the Corcoran on Friday, of course this could also be due to drained gadget batteries., Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to One Tree Hill online streams on HD, Travel safe, Laura!, I gotta hustle to get what I need, you lazy ass bytches stayin home all day smokin weed, I am such a sucker for rockumentaries., Ok. Since I broke a promise, I'll have three posts coming your way!, oh....well that's different. Can he wash dishes?, that's more right wing FUD. I don't take any news source seriously that pops up a Sarah Palin ad overlay over its articles., Karma is a #Bitch, and Terrica can b. So, don't try me. Don't let the #SweetFace fool ya...., Hey Storme! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :), Torn meniscus :( but it's small please pray, if everyone likes what you're doing, you're doing it wrong., Hope you have an awesome day... :):), Being away makes you appreciate family & family time so much more., . crushed it at tonight. Awesome show and great guys (insomuch as a two minute conversation can determine), Baby, will you catch me if I fall???? I think thats what I need...., This nigga got me nuggets with no sauce mayne, its so weird how some old #punk rock bands are# tumblr famous and some aren't, Thank you!!!, Congratulations to our friends Lyle, Tiffany and Anmmar for making it into the finals!, Thanks so much for voting today!!, Talent working with joy in the cause of universal truth lifts the possessor to a new power as a benefactor., that's like sex that lasts 2 seconds. It doesn't count., ": Hey Arnold and Doug are the two greatest cartoons ever made." You are CLEARLY way too young., I don't have a tv!? How will I watch the premiere of this Sunday, May 20th on G4??!!, thanks for spreading the love, julian! :), Everyone is invited to the WMUR studio (bottom of Johnston Hall) next Thursday from 10-11 AM for our show/Allen's birthday. More info later., j/o or something, Im so damn tired im delirious!! Pole was a WORKOUT!!!!, HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!, stop! I didn't D:, lusting over mid-century modern houses., At CPE for partnerships and s-corps, It's sad when your car isn't even 2 years old and you have over 55000 miles on it :(, I haven't heard any more. I would read Robert Feder and Chicagoradioandmedia.com They cover this., “: I wanna watch some bad reality TV tonight... Whats on??” Lakers vs OKC, just got off the road...bout to work on some music man.., Putting that last little touch on MFL'ER!!! Bout to wake the streets up with this one!, I cannot believe Albert puljols is struggling goes to show how mentally tough baseball is, I've got an azz in my face..., You know how we roll...we can't stay away from that cinnamon creme cake!, yeah, that's so on my ipod, The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive. Heinlein, Robert, May The Fourth be with you!, will you follow me?!(:, Aw thank you!, Win or go home time gotta love it, just cleaned my whole room at my house, I know tell me about it!, drank in my cup <3 great song, Nope.Keenum, Moore, Wilson and James are all that's left to be drafted this year., Peyton, you and the mile high.city our a perfect fit. Ur buddy plays for the rockies, and we have weather around., "if u can't feed yur baby!Then don't have a baby!!!l, Performing in an improvised show called Avalon at Comedy Sportz tonight at 8! Check it., you are most welcome :), Who are the at-risk members and how can we keep them?, The length of your "About me" section on Facebook is directly proportional to how annoying you are in real life., Excuse me,I may be lost,Can you give me directions to wherever you're going?, If you don't take yourself serious no one else will, Because you're mine, I walk the line., There we go, finally about to get some sleep., If Whoopi Goldberg can't pull off Whoopi Goldberg hair then why do you think you can?, I'm speechless, so amazing! They just melt in your mouth its like a mouth orgasm. This must be what Heaven is like Eating mini churros with Dana, jus tweet me a picture that u want to be in it, X-Factor has a hit on their hands, I really dig that show; Grace check it out, what song? lol I saw him last week at GradBash, WHY DO PEOPLE ASK ME OUT ON FACEBOOK?, Im going to lay it down for a quick nap-Night Olwz, When was the last time you got a dental exam?, #mood I am *happy*, My dog crashed into the glass door because he wanted to chase a cat on the other side lol, thanks lady!! hope to see ya around soon hulahula princess, I know! #fizzyfamily is the best haha :D, Omg!! my JONAS LA cd has been MIA for a year now and I just asked my brother if he's seen it and he just hands it to me! so happy!, congratulations!!! Now the fun begins, Why would you do that, Ready for a change, Q2 (2 of 3) In part wrote “why not have him apply the full Jay-Z treatment? Why BK Nets when they can be New York N----s?”, Better be LOVE you're coming to see. :) :), Rhymes too, which is always a win., Word to your uncles brother.!, wow wow wow I meant chattanooga haha, meet us in the lobby!, Agreed. 4x in my life I visited an airline counter to purchase tickets. Every single one of them involved vouchers., Great All Star Game!, baby i found an xbox and i put batteries in it so fabian can play and stuff ur welcome hey now we can play together <3, thanks so much for the follow! We're grateful for your support of PHAME + we love having the amazing Kate in the PHAME family!, I think he meant they were part of 99% working class, not part of movement., At the mall looking at the terrified children forced to encounter this thing called Easter Bunny., Model Event all weekend...Can't wait!, Sun, Mon, & Tues our board certified physician will be authorizing patients who qualify & providing complete care, e.g. BP meds, etc., I think soulja boy think he is a gangster NOW ., LOVE the name of the new Cerner Campus., Thanks for RTing, Bob. You're the best!, Sage advice. RT : Oh heck yes! Eggnog ANYTHING from is awesome!, Last night was the perfect intro to summer, was a pleasure meeting you last night, When my parents are bitching at me and They ask me what I'm thinking I'm like if id told u I'd have to run away., had a really fun date with my wife for lunch today!, thats the funny part, we didnt play that great but Barcelona was still better =-D, Hi am Greatness of Black Dize Entertainment am looking for a dj ? I have a few events coming up get at me asap, Time to conclude my Dirty Harry Mother's Day weekend marathon with SUDDEN IMPACT. And plot my revenge on, S/O to for winning #champs and who needs to get his ass back to PGH, that is funny! the 2 go so well together, seems there are many similarities between weather and the ground. (and us "talkers"), hehehe. i haven't written a single thing in like 8 months...but i just couldn't take it anymore. hahah, Okay no more requests. I am live, warming up on ZenLive.tv -- I want to hear you sick fucks calling in tonight when the show starts @ 9!, I'm sitting in the car with my seatbelt on, miss you too!, she's such a stupid hoe:(, My cat just sneezed, he's so cute., Portland Meadows will match earnings that "Taylor Jones" accrues to $10,000 to the Bald Faced Truth Foundation which helps local youth., Retweeting tweets that have my name in it so I look popular., I hate mondays! And most of all, i hate northside. *-*, the d-league dunk contest didn't compare to k-dobbs dunks in the amature dunk contest, Hello Tommy, Thanks for the follow. I like your work. Robert, At IAC's today..beautiful building I must say., Can't help you there, I'm afraid. Nothing turned up in an Amazon search., me to!, I may wanna spend every single day with my boyfriend but if it makes me happy I don't see a damn thing wrong with it., I still think they're better than braces:p, Happy Valentine's Day! Make sure to save a little room for vino! From your friends, if you see this tweet will you please follow me thanks :), #OMG #IfItWasntForFootball the kids at school wouldn't have tackled me when I came out of school., i love a girl/boy with braces ;), #aintthatit “ “ IM BOUT TO SMOKE, FUCK YOU....””, JK ITS THURDAY! So glad tomorrow is friday!, A good friend lets you crash on his couch even tho u called am drunk and a mess., I'm A OK with that!, Drinking with Brian skinner, Yes, am seeing it tonight. They do a mighty nice opening reception too., Im Finna Take A Nap, Check out #creativeeconomy2011 for all the tweets about event this am, include comments by, Uh, I thought was going out on my personal account. --Lisa/CSD, It's a big world, how do you sell to it? Learn fr. John Owen, Chairman/Group Publisher, Weldon Owen-Bonnier at Yale Publishing Course!, Much love but, long way to go before we have a movement. Spent half a rally announcing other actions. We are HERE right NOW, I need a nap before I go home to sleep., in the studio writing new tracks!, thank you, ehh I don't know how to feel., When I try always says: "Note: We were unable to determine whether or not you have previously saved this bookmark.", In the new place...Loving it...The cold sucks however. HoHoHo, cue outrage and complaints in 3, 2,....., Love me some twitter..., despite the monsoon occuring outside, I'm still excited for Oysterfest tonight!, Bless up yu self bredda bredda...its been ages...hope all is well with you and the family...God Bless you., m okay then., you are such a girl lol. I did it, thanks for the mention, yes I shoot documentaries and short films., Dear ARC parking lot. I dislike you, because I can never remember where my car is, As much as I'd like to attend the reading for Erin Morgenstern's The Night Circus - having worked for the circus, I'm kind of over it., Come on in! RT : Parlour to Parlour is back! Michael Fortes sets the scene for the 2011 return of Popdose's video interview series., Today I leave Anderson., wow save the best 2 for last., the feelin i get wen i c u is describable, ur smiles keeps me goin, ur looks feel my heart with joy, : I know! It makes me feel like a huge creeper., Candidates will be required to use various tools and testing methodologies to execute against a testing plan as well ad-hoc testing, yes, that's her. I wonder why the link doesn't work? It works from here..., i'd keep that screen shot for police evidence one day...man!, How long does it take to get a baggage receipt once an email has been sent? Is the receipt sent digitally or via slow mail?, what about deep-fried frosting?, yes! That's true!, Attending the Young Entrepreneur Preview Event at #Purdue. Excited to see new, inventive business plans., Had a wonderful weekend getaway with my family this weekend! But, now it's back to reality! :), nice to think about it that way! I am running my first half in March. Thanks for your thoughts on the 10k., You're a good person., I do that too. Or I'll text, "when do you have time to talk" and set a sort of phone call appt., is so cute on right now. I think we are soulmates..., Baby-boomers NEVER run out of wine. LOL., as do I :) Agreement is not a requirement. Honesty is a big plus :)), Can I just not be depressed so much? :-/, so much for a big inning, Haha, I'll think about it. And I bet it will, no prob! :], Who is gonna win tonight? Rangers or Yanks, I get to see today for the first time since I left 7 months ago!! SO excited., Hope everyone is having a great weekend! The sun is shinning! Here in Seattle, that's like a free drug!, Yes! RT It was an outstanding event, Well run, well attended, well priced - great accessibility to peers and speakers at, Just did a fun standup for Joy at CTV.ca in dc bureau for use later tonight. Getting ready for my 6:30 live shot now., hee! you are a master procrastinator., MT : Focus on OPEN data too narrow? To maximise use 4 public good & protect respondents should we be talking about ACCESSIBLE data!, TheatreSports Team meets tonight: 7pm. Great fun! TheatreSports Team meats tonight: pepperoni. Great taste!, < im already following her, I KNOW! If only I were blonde *sigh*, as usual you never invite your sisters, Ugh I'm thirsty., Watching small soldiers and studying for anatomy, Next on the , brings the best baseball insight on all the top stories around the big leagues., The Game of Propaganda « TheRR9&#39;s Report, Tardiness / non-promptness / whatever you want to call it is SUCH a pet peeve of mine. Show up when you say you're going to., Chapter draft sent off Friday and conference paper needs starting, but I just can't bring myself to do it. Time for a bike ride., FAQ sections tend to be über useful on mobile sites, Starting at 1:30 (Now): Head over to Reckling Park for networking before the Rice vs. UH baseball game. Free food and drinks!, You're definitely right! My apologies. Looking forward to watching 2 great seniors, both on and off the court., feel free to do mine too, I like telling people their butt crack is showing just to scare them :)))))), Nice, Dragon Dictation works pretty well!, I hope so., Nice work boys. Still love you., Assembly amends and passes both #familycare bills, I hate the he said she said game. Or in this case, she said she said. :/, “: You should never want to be perfect, he who is perfect can never get any better. -Ashley M.L.” But wouldn't you be the bst, thanks! :) I think I like the April fools one better. LOLed :), Very smart! RT : APP available for ASTD conf;go to app store, ASTD events, Game Day for #SportingKC and we will be there to cheer them to victory., Gotcha. Something I've always wanted to attend for sure., Important to think about life expectancy of library buildings and how often to update/replace components. Build into budget., I often think that it's easier to identify smaller presses than imprints of the large houses... but most consumers don't care., I hate it when girls are bearly stretching and say "ouch it hurts", bitch this is nothing and you think we don't do anything in cheerleading, Oh....The Wedding Planner...not The Wedding Singer...changing the channel., The new concert series will start soon. Keep an eye on our website, for dates and venues., #Virgo is grateful for the chance to find some solitude on this busy holiday to let go of external stress and connect to the God within, Everybody are gettin played in this movie, That's a good question. How is it you're in my feed if I don't follow you? LOL RT : ...trying to figure out why, I totally agree, haha i thought i was the only one ;D, claro a mi no me contestas, All day, all night, Hoping the rain will hold off for tonight!, For my kids the bio-moms abandonment allowed my kids to grow without further abuse and they no longer live in fear of her wrath., I'm in your city :-), We are 1 hr away from gates opening. The energy is crazy (in a good way)!, How to Survive Your First Year As An Entrepreneur, Two Door Cinema Club in Dallas this summer!, I think you should do a cover on, A Thousand Years - Christina Perri . And make a shoutout to me. I'd cry. (((:, Hey Gabe, Yes, 1990, best class out of UCBSO ever!, Thanks for following us!, Bullying is wrong! 3 million people get bullied each year and only some are strong to survive <3 speak up stand up and help people out <3, Do you plan on implementing collaboration tools at your business?, wow thank you! i'll take that as a compliment ;), #bravo restaurant in Des moines - DISGRACEFUL keeping a party with reservation waiting 35 mins & counting. Terrible service - no tip 4u guys, GURL when you do? I'm finna be an auntie., I have the worst kind of people in my family on both sides ... No good daddy's money hungry baby mommas racist ass Hispanics, Should have run today, I drink to make other people interesting. - ""George Jean Nathan""., Oh, "Dreams" by Langston Hughes, ah., "Schemin just like the preacher in church he sellin hope" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> Meek is nasty, was gonna go myself in the morning lol fuck college just come with I need a gym friend, that's why I assume they're all African haha, Preparing for great events this weekend! Check out the Go Fast Pass tables at the Airshow and Steel City Pregame event this weekend., No prob, I'm trying my hardest to get your website where you guys want it to be!, Is there Roger Mayweather language translation? SAP doesn't seem to do it., oh how I want a heather vermilion milkshake, NOT TIRED!!! but I need energy for tommrow..., he is sensible and so incredible., I am starting to realize that i get barely anything done while i am on twitter., turned down going to the mall to do homework, alrigh you better be there, Nice photo. :), Love can't survive off of love alone, Filmmakers! Need poster/promo art for your film? Contact - she works cheap and does amazing work!!, puts the past behind her. She forgets the bad, but remembers where she came from and cherishes these moments in the industry. ¦, That dude is now my hero., Have no Envy and no Fear., yea I am....I'm really sleepy this morning, The mountains are dusted with snow, but Outward Bound and the trail restoration are ready to go..., Broncos: Matt Flynn available. Buy low, sell high., Thanks Bulls for a wonderfully exciting season!!!! Made it much further than most expected. Let's make some smart moves this offseason!!!!!, I don't think there's anything I've learned on Twitter that I haven't promptly forgotten. In one ear..., Did you suck some dick?, Pets can acquire fleas anytime they enter infested areas-this can include parks & sadly any place other pets frequent., :) lunch date happiness., oh good point. That, and all the TV time, press, and money they could ever want!, did you reply to a different tweet? Not sure how analysts relate to our mobile meetup this evening?, I hate typos!, Stick to ordering out. No knives involved., Yes, indeed!, thank you!! I know now how you must feel about your precious boy!, I think Baby Nostradamus *is* twitter, your face, I like that shit. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>, My team stay winning :), HaHa Jack Del Rio reunited with Drayton Florence, awww too cute!, Our deal is still on! Just $5 for a medium one topping pizza when you order more than one!, Great discussion at #mmtcforum on #Spectrum Crunch, I think today will be good., Moaning dog outside and the loudest frogs...shut it! can't here the t.v., Needs a Nap ., " It's not consider cheating if u put peanut butter on ur testicles and let ur dog lick off ", I'm actually a conference volunteer, and we've been instructed to collect slides on a USB key b4 each sesh. So, yes. =), That threw me off track., Thank you!:), Hater:"Austin Mahone can't sing." Me: "YES HE CAN!"Hater:"Why are you shouting?!"Me: "BECAUSE YOU OBVIOUSLY HAVE A FUCKING HEARING PROBLEM!", Not bad Darren RT : Maybe the Patriots will score 316 points., Yes, hardcover. I gave mine to so I bought it again for my iPad, That milk tastes funny.., Hahaha! We were jamming to "Boyfriend" the other day. I'm a little ashamed., people tweet the stupidest things. like, i really dont care that you have to pee., A BIG THANKS to #LPGA Pros , , and for yesterdays great clinic for the First Tee of Portland!, If you learn the art of right contact, anything is alright., If a dude got a bald spot does he get a hairline?, thank god!, #NataliePortman is so charming, so girl-next-door and so demure. #1 celebrity crush., shred brother!!!!!, If Lebron gets another and 1 shoot I might vomit, Lol RT : with all the smog and polution... The rain smell like death, If im gonna die i rather die saving a beautiful girl. And whisper i love u in her ear as i plunge to the abyss, Thanks for another fun day on the set!, We all clicked, though. Pretty soon the Chronicle is going to be using cute animals to get us to read. I'm sure of it., Break a bitch heart no future ms.cleo, I love dupstep, but I can never love it as much as I love you. (: lol, Alera Valencia Series Bow Front Desk Shell, 72w X 42d X Cheaper ..., Bucks BLOW-OUT Lakers in LA. Great team effort tonight, RT : Where is your commitment leading you right now?, its kinda funny cause we like follow u guys at the hotels and u follow justin so now u feel what we feel lol, I need To Shoot To Louisville For My Nigga Birthday Next Month!!, Congrats to , whose team #ManCity won the EPL today. Sorry about your garbage #ManU,, Nothing compares to a best friend's advice., Oh yea. And been posting the last 2 days but can't get peeps to RT. Waz up wit that? I RT all the time. How do u get that better, Thanks buddy! I'll pass their information on..., U on ur way?, HEY TRINA HOW IS IT GOIN ON THIS LOVELY FRIDAY, Stealing wifi from the bus ahead of us, 'cause #BieberBus doesn't offer it... 'cause these buses haven't been updated since 1995., i honestly don't care if nobody is going to see my underwear, a sexy pair of underwear boosts my confidence., When Chuck Norris had surgery, the anesthesia was applied to the doctors., Hello! We are not moving far--just a couple of blocks away. Sold house and going for apartment living. Exciting!, amazon, barnes n noble, kindle nook ;), AMAZING GRACE, Snow in October proves that #Globalwarming is a myth..., appreciate the kind words jonathan!, Sitting in bed doing homework for hours om end every day is getting really annoying and old., What's the best product to stream movies from my computer (amazon prime) to my tv? Dawson's Creek is much more powerful on the 46" screen., I got a habit of calling everyone 'Honey' because I usually can't remember their names., u're hot., Running around toting a gun and shooting people because you scared to square up and shoot the five, They say they are looking for women. FYI, What up KC, aw, I was hoping for Yoda-decorated chocolate cupcake-like treats, Watching and amazed. I must see humpback whales one day!, Sometimes I forget about Tylenol and then I remember Tylenol and I take some., Getting excited about the premiere of 100N's pilot episode: "Friday's Cruel Lottery" at investors luncheon this Thursday., today has been such a long day., #TellMeWhy their are bullies in schools I'm tired of it I was bullied but I stood up for my self but Ik kids who can't so, 2 steps back, what u write on ur paper this time lmfaoooooo James should have wrote the date thing, #theBae told me something I won't forget ;; so from here Jalynn bites her tongue for no Bxtch !, Agreed, NBA is over ratted! : “: F the NBA. College ball is so much more worthwhile anyway.”, I'm so excited to get to spend your birthday with you!!, 9/16, 8 p.m., Clark 102, Dream Corps U.Va presents documentary "Children Left Behind" about children in rural China., is wondering what I am doing here., A rally on behalf of Trayvon Martin will take place at the Tennessee state Capitol 600 Charlotte Avenue at noon today., Always a pleasure, Neal. Love your stuff. No fluff. ;), Happy Friday!!, I wish my head would stop hurting., finally has her dress and looks so beautiful! be ready, when I see you I'm gonna go make you talk to random people again hahaha, Played a parent/kids scrimmage at practice yesterday. Ouch!, limited availability: email me at to sign up. mention, RT Underwhelmed by the Gilt City deal for Upright Citizens Brigade this evening. Sorta funny. But only sorta. // agreed., #Caps Ovi says he's leaving today for the world championships, I'm making moar now than I was in Korea. Suck it down., It's a listening, lay by the pool, do nothing, kinda Wednesday!, “: It's time to choose: Frankie or Bendo?” they are both great. Got Frankie tonight., Aging is a Treatable Disease--Available in paperback and ebook formats, Unreal, what a finish! Going to be incredible 2nd leg next week., Down with It- Tiny Grimes closing out the day., yes my schedule is pretty clear all morning. Let me know what time works for you., do you have a favorite brand of scrapple, or make your own?, Yes plz RT : I wish there was a database that listed every single exhibition held in every art space in the USA.(...), It's the return of Gold Coast's Finest to the Gold Coast, Open for dinner 5-7pm. The meatloaf special is selling like hotcakes!, It's 245 am. Shouldn't the "adults" in 2024 shut up and go to sleep? They r called sleeping rooms., glad you're okay! I'm always afraid of that when an elevator makes weird noises., V interesting presentation of library dashboard tool for monitoring IT services in real time., Cool! I thought it was just me. Lol, Can't wait to check out "Tha Backroom" on 106 fri. Bringin back the basement., "Officer Pineda" needs to find a new hobby. LOL, We wish all you mothers a very happy Mother's Day!, hey everyone, very soon, ScanMan will have an #iOS robot brother: "Itchy", the bot behind "#Gamers Itch!", We 2 motor city, When you see something and actually stop to think about it (which you shouldn't do sometimes) you're scarred for life., Wayne Rooney: proof that hair transplants work., in a heart beat., I wish it was a surprise bc I'm way too distracted lol, Whew! I just finished adding our new film to Without-a-box. Now we will be able to submit to festivals online. Looking forward to it!, I really cant stand lames...like why???? it just dont make sense!?!!!?, If I agreed with you and your decisions, then we'd both be wrong!, It's one of those days I wish I never would have gotten out of bed!, CatBlock is almost making me rethink my grinchiness about April 1. Almost., RT : I'm getting calls from all over town that THE KENTUCKY DERBY by is selling like crazy. Always good to hear!, josue's pipes burst, Chillin with him for the 3rd time today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>, Food truck find: About to partake of some goodness on a gorgeous SF day., Attending the #BMAchicago event around sales enablement. Our sweet spot!, Today is moving so slow., "Find A Way" is finding it's way!! Sounds great. Super looking forward to #Pink&Purple Debut Album coming soon!, What will U and the UNIVERSE conspire to achieve today? Speak it and it shall be done!, Just woke up to a beautiful day..... to bad i got to go to work. S$huks!, End of the first quarter, score tied 7-7., Then so will I, and no one will care about either : Donald Trump will make an announcement tomorrow pertaining to the Presidential race, dirk smith is an awful man, yes it does I am slowly learning how to TWEET! and more by just doing it even if I stumble and make mistakes!, Follow me, If you are a new follower, that last one is me tweeting our new EP one line at a time. At this rate I will finish in early 2013., . And then the shoes will be the reward!, Lol.. They're that good, they might. Just feel LA has a better chance to win. Can't tell me you won't be stoked if LA beats OKC?, I see faces in the trees on this teary Trail, but they know we are here, and they are glad to see us., SenConrad(D-ND) NoBudget Cmte Chair says #budget has no chance be4 election! Cynical political manipulation of #economy Millions r suffering, Bourbon barrel aged dark lord. Wow., NO Xplode is changing their formula to a new 2.0 Version. Get the original before it's gone!, #WifeyMaterial...A girl Who dont have any sidelines or problems....no fussin no fighting, no games, Jus "Me and "Her", either way, he didn't remember it., RT : Have your W-2 Handy? Plug in your numbers to the Federal Tax Payer Receipt and see where your money goes:..., National Grilled Cheese Day = Yuk, for the rest of my life?!?, being an apple otaku, "you can even eat the dishes", Sure enjoyed the intensity of the last three minutes of last nights Chiefs/Americans game., Also featuring some new faces from Miller Park, a UW track star eyeing the Olympics, and two high school teams in Appleton doing good things, Training hard for big fight coming up in early time of 2011. Let you all know soon., #BOSSPROOF Connected in the streets like them yellow & white lines!, "On Twitter there's a lot of talking, but not a whole lot of listening." ~ at, An HOUR at just to sign up for Gamer Club Unlocked. An HOUR just to get an extra $6 on a trade. HARDLY worth it., Fun stuff, you seen Avengers yet?, Tazewell County Health Department receives funding to continue education program: “The program teaches that puberty is a normal, natu..., Rain has stopped. Don't forget to bring a rake and broom to your fields tonight. Let the playoff baseball games continue!, my name? in rotation on these niggas lips, especially when they be pillow talking with a bitch., just watched the trailer. That looks awesome!, Okay you give wade that exact same call.. but not jones..., #alphamale should get us all shirts instead., My Dad and best friend, , won't answer my phone call. Stop being assholes, guys., Thank you for the MT! :), would u follow me love??? :), dinner 'Hare 2nite, not up to par. Mid rare - not exactly, many time gaps in service, no visible MOD...sorry, but I'd wanna know, pretty amazing show, its a conspiracy dammit, love the way you use your voice, man! Keep up the good work!, that explains ALOT....., 'living from a deep place may require you to undergo deep #change'., Happy official first day of spring! How are you enjoying the weather today? We're busy gearing up for the coming months, I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it. Pablo Picasso, 22 followers to go til we hit 4,000. RT to help me hit the next milestone. Thank you friends. :), They're all going to die in there., The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing., enterprise app store talk....sounds familiar., Alright I need to get off my phone and focus, Which teams will make it to Super Bowl XLVI??, awesome! both are solid- just depends on what style you're going to use it for most. though if it were up to me- vox all the way., please follow me ? It wouldd makke my whole day (:, #FF , it's a local art gallery in featuring a variety of fine art., Can't wait to see tonight, I love this talk to text shit ¢, hey that's my neighbor!!!, Up so early for prayer at spelman. This chick is not awake. This is some dedication right huurrr. Dang. God bless yall. Hope u r sleep. :), EWH. the girl looked like taylor lautner in twilight.., There's so much #opportunity out here these days...Yet u still don't try 2get it, Trying to please others never works out because you're still unhappy...., I got 99 problems and they're all bitches!!!, Please pass support and pass along. Thanks! www.facebook.com/AllyOwensMissing?ref=ts&sk=wall#!/AllyOwensMissing?sk=wall, sleeping weather for me., when did start archiving? #CokeArchivesHangout We started collecting in the 40s., This sexii mufffa beside me though >>>, i need a roofer for a flat rock roof in moreno valley, Could you tell me a bit more about Pandora and Camera+?, Did you get those pants on sale ? Cause they're 100% off at my place ;D, My Head Hurt So Bad :\, J. Moss with crazy worship @ Yesha in Philly! He did his thang! To God be the Glory!, I'm at work till 3. But after work I wanted to see if you wanted to match and see if you could tape me up., CHECK YA EMAIL, Just puch me in the face when shhhhttttt gets too real!!, cool. let me know if you come up with something because our garden more eggplant that we can handle right now., Ron Paul just gave the audience bin Laden's explanation for attacking the US and got booed. This EPITOMIZES the Tea Party., Thanks for the recommendations!, Youth Coaches- Young kids continue to play the game in part because of their first coach. What memory are you leaving for your players?, RT : Don't deal with anyone who doesn't respect you!, - why would they do that? Dean has no vote in the Senate, its easy to attack him., If I had a gun, I'd shoot all the fake girls at my school. You know who you are., i think we have the same bday, When the mind rests upon the Self within it no longer indulges in material or sensual thoughts. Its gains self-restraint., I miss my future husband so much., #rdap12 considering expanding into new areas. this means outside of biology?, Would you like to learn more about our 'One Time Close Construction to Permanent Loan' ? Call us today at 505.836.5700., Thanks guys!, Got school in the a.m #goodnight <3, Congrats!! :D, Looking forward to presenting at MCN Atlanta: Trickle up, Trickle down: Collaboration at local, regional and the national levels., Top notch work you guys! cc/, never too early for a diet coke and 'breakfast' burrito, RT IF YOU LOVE SEX, I Still Am!, I like making low keys moves when I'm out in the public .. nice, quiet, hidden gem places ... quality music, experience and dining ..., I'll be at You?, Man, everyone is gay once in a while! It's Hollywood! -- Kirk Lazarus, Tropic Thunder, Happy Holidays everyone! Thanks for following us. Stay tuned for a big year of contests and giveaways in 2012!, Hey are we getting excited for the Honors Gala this spring?, The Tim Tebow Show is OVER. Lol, there are 7billion people in earth..r u gunna let 1 person ruin your day? DON'T!, why is it tht at the hgh schl level, the morning announcements are 90% sports related and no academic success stories? Culture?, is calling everyone in her phone book saying she has a date. It is halarious and cute at the same time. Haha, here he goes again! I can't wait to check out the new Dallas!!!! (Gonna steal them from Jas ASAP!), THAT made me laugh... laughter is good to soothe my soul., If #Barajas can hit a walk off--- i can pass calculus, I used to do it when I smoked, its counter productive. But DAMN it feels good. gets into yr blood stream much faster, I am getting REVkick soon so i can be a mobile pro! :), Anyone party tonite?, I like that! #wild blessings to you too!, Follow me back please, P.S. she is stupid...it's been a month and she still asks the same stupid questions!, she shouldn't have. that's her mistake., Does the Pope tweet? Someone just said they think he does!, Just placed a new order of product including restocked Crescent hoodie (+ all new hoodie), New Tee and a top secret Lovesick launch..., Terry got a tattoo of a broom on his arm before the season started., Busiest days of the year for the post office will be the next 3 business days., check out our new and improved site! just fill in your address and see all the restaurants that deliver to you!, Rebecca Black might have a concert today...a one song concert., yeah, won't let me go over 2,001. Lol ., Sometimes I Just Be Wondering, RT : 4 years ago today, Sen. Ted Kennedy endorsed Sen. Barack Obama at in Washington. A pivotal moment in '08 race., Are you starting the "reboot" early or just saving yourself or the 5K? Either way good on ya!, How is Mr Putin dong in Russia? I'll bet if there was a total embargo of Iran or Sryria, he would dive right in. China also., Wish i had something to do !!!, Wished radio and tv would announce/display how much time left until halftime was over, it WAS cute parent and kid had passed by at least a couple hundred feet and he was still looking back, Standing room only; hundreds if not thousands ouside gate unable 2 enter, doesnt have be wishful thinking, And for Halloween im a sick dude., What a beautiful day., have turned the tables on the storytelling "we lived to tell the tale.Fortune befriends the bold!", or for sale if you want, Hey, guys. Thanks for checking us out. Let us know if there is anything we can do for you., plzz follow me i wuv u so much i made a big sign at ur consert if u wanna txt me just tweet me bak i luv u :), Y can't I get u off my mind<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, I HAVE TO SHOW YOU SOMETHING LOL., it's great and difficult but so amazing to hear their stories. Thanks for including me!, Likewise! Look forward 2 meeting next week! :) RT : Morning, pleasure to meet you, I heard that the brand new will be open tonight. True?, No matter your faith, religion or personal beliefs...God made a special day so that we can share this time with our Creator., If you need alternative #Gally lodging, I recommend the Crowne Plaza. It's right next door, and could even do lobbycon spillover if need be., CANI! - (pronounced kuhn-EYE) stands for Constant And Never-ending Improvement. -Anthony Robbins, I dare you..., haha me: 0 - but im doing the makeup for them, so I have to schedule trials to see what they want done, louis cagami. follow me., Many thanks to for all your support w/ March of Dimes "Dancing for Babies" on 3/12! (Just recovering now from the Samba!), Tell me all about it!, Yes and also #Vegan people I know all females hm, the goose got helicoptered into camp hahaha, Happy Sunday everyone. Beautiful day in Madison today!, Love to read..., Glad you posted that Joe. What's your opinion of Vilma's suit? I knew I meant to ask you something. LOL, cancelled my home phone and ordered 10Mbps internet., What I learned tonight. Tonic in Mount Pleasant has a spend $8 get any draft and a sandwich special. Here's to my new fav thursday spot., RT : RT : Looking for partners to promote next month's #ChocoTweetup benefiting Seattle food banks. R you in?, assuming you're not selling action for smaller things you're playing like VDS's, etc?, Yeah. May need to drive some but should be a fun season., I did see that over the weekend. Helps OF depth a little I guess., I'm still tryna find how he came up with that., "Because a base tan is important, sweetie!"RT : Would it surprise you that this woman is accused of putting her 5 year old..., i'm dying to know why flocke pushed mr. hume down the well., May 2012 Travel Photo: Revolutionary War Redoubt in Savannah ..., It totally was funny. :) Now hush up before Wednesday arrives!, Studies show that only the first few bites of food taste best. After that, taste quality diminishes. Can you be more mindful when you eat?, very cute! I have e-coli on my bookcase 2!, Finally leaving the gym good workout!!, Awesome!!! thank you. Looking forward to seeing the pics!, The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million., It'd be great if the Orioles won the AL East. Like really great., Very insightful today Biff. No sarcasm,The majority of this generation has fallen into the trap of "what society wants me to do", WHERE IS HARVEY DENT!!, This is impossible, Just finished great writing session with Dirk. Great song unfolding. Playing with "Steps of Faith" at Discovery Church Sunday morning., you look great babe. Thanks for follow, Contd... #cildc #f105 I'm assuming you don't want them checking in on foursquare?, Birthday Girl (in which I play the lead role Katie) - Official Selection 2011 at Newport Beach Film Fest, I wish I was an alien like Paul! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>, But Where, when, and how????, great tweet!, I really want to not got them, Was that a flop by Marchand?, While I'm happy that Donald is in the final, it stinks that Maria is not in the final. #DWTS I'm surprised., Mowing yard naked = Success, NFLX stock moving all over the place. Buy the strangle or straddle options., I've been neglecting twitter a bit as I find my footing in a new routine. Catching up this morning and remembering I've missed y'all., Its a content farm: ": the tabloid-esque tech articles are so bad. #embarassing #notnews #linkbait", Thinking about writing a book.. titled "Nice Guys Finish First" or "Death of the Hard Sale", You don't want all your inbound links looking the same, because that looks like automation - something Google frowns upon, Hey! You're going to the M&G?, Rest in peace Michael Jackson. I still miss you brother. Its been 2 years and it still ain't the same., I just can't argue sports with women, it's against my religion.., The mall is playing Christmas music. It's November 8. What is wrong with you people., Looking at the forecast in #PHX, Thursday looks pretty nice. From this point on, any day under 100 is a win., agreed $ is spent on scouting and player devlpmnt. But what has this produced for fans. One decent team every 4 or 5 yrs?, love your site - would love to talk with you more about #HRC and exchange ideas. Interested?, #dontactlikeyounever stuck gum underneath a table and went back to it. . . . Lol jk :)), Breakfast club to cap off a long week!, S/o to Yo, If you in the "A", let's link up next week bro. Keep me posted., Money Team!!!, Up early today. Time to be productive!, As waffles we get a bad rap for say, waffling, but we've always supported marriage equality. What a day for Washington!, Annoyed with almost everyone tonight, Here at Monroe it is still 2-0 Milton in the bottom of two., Come to Indy now we miss u, How about dem #Cowboys at No. 14 you ask. They'll hope for Mark Barron. If not Michael Brockers or Stephon Gilmore sounds good., BEEN SO BUSY WRITING THE BOOK HAVEN'T HAD TIME TO UPDATE THE BLOG. UGH. TOMORROW I WILL THOUGH. OR FRIDAY?! MAYBE SATURDAY. HELL SON. LOL, i wanna kitty, Thanks for noticing! ;) Come and see us some time! RT : Congrats to for winning The Extra Yarn Contest., is there going be audio available online?, thanks, not it, but it's making me think he was somewhere on lehman's site. i'm going to keep looking around. thank you!, Well, Gates hadn't even thought about it until Buffett got on his case. Then he said "I guess you have a point.", all eyes on me tonight. Lets toast to me., I want a giraffe o":, RT : Greed tempts the man who lacks self control, whereas the contented man, knows that everything he needs will come his way., Smarter than the average bear, u have a choice. u can throw in the towel or you can use it to wipe the sweat off your face., I met a guy the other day selling pine cones on Ebay — LOTS of pine cones! I can't stop thinking about that., I see "Cum Laude" or "Magna Cum Laude" or "Summa Cum Laude" next to or before my name on my bachelors degree. Yup., coOl Lol :P, I feel like I don't do anything anymore... I need to go out you need to come back and we can have din din!!!!, Stranded on 69 south. What a fantastic Friday night., I am watching Sesame Street with my daughter. It is a great show for kids and adults. The jokes are funny and it is educational., I hate the black people on twitter because they think theyre so cool and "nigga" and #teamtatted is so cool. It's stupid get a life losers, Is masculinity oppressive or is male insensitivity oppressive?, you dont have a job, “: We all have that one teacher who's like, "Don't pack up yet. There's still 7 seconds of class left!"”, LIKE this if you're coming to the Burrito Eating Contest! Two days to go!!!, Please join if you can., 80 percent can look like 100 so aim for 80., the shoes are MINE!!! hurray!!, Thank you so much for joining in! You were a wonderful voice in the conversation!, sup man? You still alive?, they're all yummy! Hope I run into you sometime there :), Overheard in class: "DON'T think about dead puppies! That'll just make him laugh MORE!", definition of Mailing it in., HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY.......to all the mom's in twitter world!!!!, Happy mother's day, Finally in the Midwest!!, Jenny Ybarra's trial is now starting. First witness: Jenny Ybarra., Season Finale of #DanceMoms :), I'm in heaven. Jazz practice group on Sunday the best! Jerry Gebbe on stand up bass, Leah Garnett and Mark Wallace on guitar, Moi on drums., Loyola supports love!! Having a great time at the drag show!, Sandwich Emporium is opened till 10 pm....Have a safe and fun weekend!, Why are all the really fantastic shows going to Pontiac and Cleveland? I mean seriously!! Prove me totally wrong on this., "the rejection letter [..] confessed that they were not able to watch every film" this happens & that's the worst part., Just purchased 2 new Jerseys for your cousin Crystal and I... We will be reppin our Wilson Jerseys in Cali..., I so am w/u, I thought he was the best out of all of them. I know he will get a record deal., Omg bank of america sent me aa replacement debit card and it's NOT Hello Kitty! THIS IS NOT OKAY., Yea I'm mad we have Two lunches but I can't stop thinking about lunch & alvins Noodle dancing & faces to get away from the securities., Poised Creation has listened to you and we want to bring you music the way you want it!, I really want to take up photography. Anyone will to teach me?, i need a new ringtone.....suggestions??., god first er thing else second, Hey Brian! Tomorrow night the SKC/VAN game will be on at McNally's if you'd like to come out! 9pm kickoff, Got it now. And see you know what I meant., 52.6 seconds to go and the #Avalanche are down 1... It's go time!!!, yeah. Wtf it's not even memorial day yet. Why are we even in the mid east if gas is still going up?, hope your day is awesome!!, In terms of predicting outness for LGBT Latinas/os we found that age, gender, education and income did not matter., I love you guys' cone-ing videos! You guys are hilarious and I hope to meet you again(:, We've still got 2 more to visit in the area. Helix is my fave aesthetically. Their service was not great though., Are we drinkin' lil more,I can hardly decide!. . ., On set shooting a sketch on Tosh.0 today!!!, My muse is last-minute panic., Gaaah dayum. 8 o'clock & I'm already sleepy?! O.o, Just a quick note on the website... for the moment we're only able to accept PayPal and Google Checkout. All other payment forms next week., A joke told by a rape survivor., #Sunday = getting #life together day! Laundry, cleaning, #brunch, a little #work and some, yay!!! we have got to work together! :), Ferrell is kind ripping off Ted Baxter times 2. "Hello Mary, Hello Lou!", So with cooler temps., and while ground dries, why not visit one of the many zoos, bit and small, in the state?, Oh man... ASH / Control / Sugar / I Hate Love / NYKoP / Blood For Poppies / Man on a Wire / Beloved Freak... man, all of 'em!, Yep. Cook until you reach the level of yolk happiness you enjoy. You may want to cover it to get the top cooked., forget what I said it's Friday go get drunk LOL, Yes! RT : Most social mvmts, like LGBT mvmt, have nothing to do with big #philanthropy. - LaMarche, RT Special thanks to all of our Georgia Tech students that are using Fast Food Express Atlanta. Promotions will be coming soon for students, Those hot coral nikes that are everywhere right now remind me of a cross between pepto bismol and spaghetti puke., I mean, he (was in the room where they) picked MW the first time. He should know better., “:Joe Paterno is 83 right? Is that his real hair or is he wearing a racoon.”I'm 50 years younger and jealous of that hair line, Hi Twitter! =), - #BORED.... In dha bed just txtinq away.!!, I cannot find my car keys.. HUUUUUUUUUUUHHHH!, Bulls game then Off to Wells, kids are so fearless and honest. Us adults can learn something from them, RT : &amp; lets make this run family,I'M MENTALLY READY TO GET THIS SHIT!<<LET'S GO, Sucks to be a Laker fan, Get here soon, ! I'm waiting for you to hit the BBQ festival. (tweeted while holding a sweet tea), Anyone else having problems connecting to Facebook?, This is gay for me to say but I like that song by " the wanted", Well I can't officially hear out of my left ear.. Stupid phsyco lady.., no trouble at all. My pleasure., I answer to Jim Jimmy JimmyO & James :), Social circles differ from social networks, because of control of time and contacts - is it helpful, or complementar, I don't know if I'm getting better or just getting use to the pain., I love you doe~ you're da best drummer ever c':, "You treat these people like they're machines. They're not. They make mistakes." (Buck Rogers, "Planet of the Slave Girls")..., I use it for long calls at home. So I don't carry it around (yet?), The true vocation of man is to find his way for himself -Hermann Hesse, Thanks to new followers: , , and !, i don't have the attention span for studying., lights r killing mke, Welcome Thanks so much for following! Glad to connect with you., thanks. I made it. I enjoy doing graphic design. :-p, You've got some nerve., Sending a copy of your way today, Sophia! xo, #2brokegirls = BEST SHOW EVER!!!, Be SURE the home is spotless & use lighting to bring out the best features in it., umm. yes. you cant tell me you expected 7 runs in the 1st., I sympathize with the desire to pull the DNC out of NC. But I think there's a better way. We've gotten this far with the opposite tack..., #vre2010. Hi class. I think I added everyone. Let me know if I missed you please!, re-evaluating who i follow - way too many agendas flying by in 140 characters..., Just updated player projections and news for CBS users and Ultimate Rankings package. Updates coming daily starting next week., Go VCU, beat Kansas. Total underdog status. They don't even have a page on Yahoo! Sports, Going to go and pickup the raw footage from the new "Honey-Doo" video today. Editing is a beast, but I think you'll appreciate the effort., I LOVE YOUR FACE!!!, sounds like a plan :) I am still rearranging.. it's great to have the ability to organize so many levels of people :), good luck :), no excuses play like a champion RT“: I'm only getting started, Tweet me a song, Our modern word "sheriff" comes from shire reeve, which means county leader, in England around the year 1200., Come to my room., Serious inquiries only on that Sasquatch pelt., I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?, #mla12 #s305 Rolland Murray: institutionalization of minority lit study has redefined ideological functions of works by writers of color., The next issue of Journal of Behavioral Optometry is at the printer and the online version is wrapping up. Watch for it soon!, Kentucky said welcome to there block party (In Meek Mill voice) lmao!!!!!, so true!, don't forget to take care of yourself., We just watched Jeff Tweedy in Iowa City, Told myself that I would study for the AP BC Calc exam some more tonight. Guess what I haven't done... Rhymes with "buddy"..., welcome man! :D, not as much as I need YOU in my life! Love u munchkin :], yo! I'm so in the mood to 6afeh ppl lol wanna get on Z today? Lol, YSL Race in Beaver Creek tomorrow- come see the young Alpine Team tear it up!, Pretty good description of my life before coming out, though i doubt thats what you intended. Thanks for writing. I always read!, in Chicago? We need to hang sometime. I'm going on tour through Milwaukee/Chicago at the end of the month., anything you, Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain, The only thing i should really see on my timeline is every body wishing a happy birthday SO WHATS GOING ON GUYS!?, when the Power Plant was The Fish Market... I hits deep Baltimore Knowledge., "This Little Piggy went to Prada: Nursery Rhymes for the Blahnik Brigade"....a fun book to read with your wannabe Fashionista baby girls!, no not yet. But I'm going to eventually, Am I not to assume it's an exclusive interview with me, America's First Fish?, I Watch Criminal Minds Lolololol<3, RT : Thank goodness I have #mhpshow recording at home. These tweets are wild., happy bday old man, This Takes vs HYBRID match is pretty boring, tbh., I have 100 standup shows under my belt, I'm entry-level, I find myself being more appreciative of comedians, it's a tough grind, Fuck it. I'm going to open another bottle wine because I can ;) x, obama: president of awesome, Creativity is essentially a lonely art. An even lonelier struggle. To some a blessing. To others a curse. It is in reality the a, was hitting into my dad yesterday at Desert Forest. He was playing in the group in front. FYI Phil isn't on twitter, Gosh, I remember fondly the last time the #Browns fans got ecstatic about draft power moves..., Of course Jobs was pissed at Google. Who can respect a company that blatantly, unoriginally, steals and copies your product?, i keep thinking it's a ringtone!, Are you trying to get some VC money?, well i got him one thought i didnt have enough till i saw 3 people bought cds from me, QUESTION: is there such a thing as a ginger inspired lip balm?, that girl I told you about..., yes we will !, Every young girl deserves to grow up being told that she is beautiful every day!, ...well 'cheap' relatively speaking of course ha..., My heart is crying, my face is smiling, the world just can't see my tears, but they are there., put your hands through my hair & kiss me like you mean it., You're not worth my time anymore., rainstorm would come and screw up the satellite right before my show I've been waiting on for weeks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>, toss me a biscut cuz its all gravy. Ill call when im done workn., Looking for a great ignite talk for a blog post must have visual slides with very few words., Yes. wtf Twitter...stop being an asshole twitter...dammit., Thank you, Tash!, Thanks for your feedback! I'll start working on a new post soon., www.theouterspacemen.com We just finished up 5 more pages to the sequel. If you have not read the first book go get it now. A must read, thx, I need it for both<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, text me imy!, yes you will, The speed of time is one-second per second, Yea... Tn hnmmmm... Maybe a good hm, Agree...that was good stuff. ": Nice Target/Adele commercial. #Grammys", Head to Linnemans tonight to catch some of the best music in town, Shoot Down the Moon, Delta Routine & Tiger Mouth! Music starts at 9!, ": Our message at 100k followers is to tweet each other well & to spread good vibes. #lifeisgood #optimism #passion", what everyone got for the weekend?, I'm so proud of . #AustinsFirstSingle ¦, RT @ TeamOurBieber RETWEET If Justin Bieber is not following you so I can send a DM to him with your twitter names :) (Must be following me), Boy do I know someone who wants to attend Media Day!, then you should send me one! ;-), Swayze is hands down the best actor/dancer/song artist of all time. Not to mention his hair is second to none., I am game for a cocktail this week. Game Like fame!, what's up how is az and your son, #Gophers are 6 minutes to, Googled "rejoice, container of the uncontainable" trying to find a source text for The Akathistos Hymn. First result: The Container Store., TF' wat in the world ??? where u at, I think doctors offices' scales are programmed to add on 5 extra pounds so you think you're fatter than what you really are. -_-, That's not going to happen, they'll pay him., What are the refs mob names ? This is clearly rigged. Now they have to call false fouls so it don't look obvious., PCL on Saturday - Cowboys and Cowgirls! Huge costume contest...PREPARE YOUR LIVER for halloween weekend! Hit me up if you need anything 4..., Thanks for making us a part of your daily, Vanessa!, I know right! She leaves me speechless! Jaw dropping!, you need to stop licking my hair, #100RT : I'm just out here trying to have fun and laugh because it's the best feeling...HAPPINESS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>, that was so cute!:) That made me smile!, My balls itch, when you have a second, follow me and I will DM you contact info., My next blog for #TornOutPages will be a bucket list. Tweet #bucketlist suggestions if you have them., oh my dear lord. So cute., Aw, so sweet! Thanks., Seriously? Do people think taking care of a disabled parent is any less difficult than having a child? One u never asked for! Help is needed, day dream believer...., Thanks so much!! We really appreciate it. You keep in touch as well :), At Community Schools National Forum today. #ccsforum2012 Our E.D. LaShawn Route Chatmon will speak on the lunch plenary panel., I am very proud to be a North Carolinian and to call you the same. Thanks for fighting the good fight!, thanks for the shout! :-), can't wait :), Fuck Banfield!! Took my 8 week old - tea cup chihuahua for her first exam and shots- they said they gave her too many meds., “: Loved #bbm and thanks to everybody who liked my shirt....#ItsTrue!!!” RT where can I get it j wova?, I wish you this Christmas Eve drunk with happiness!))), Yep. Prices are crazy. Thanks for the coffee. Off to work. Have a great day!, At worst, the hit "might've" deserved a minor penalty for charging but that's it. Just a big old fashioned hit imo., Feelin the same way!, I just completed a 0.00 mi workout with a 00:00 min/mile pace using Check out my route!, Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It's legal for anyone to record your conversation if you are speaking to them - be mindful as you interact!, RT please! Tickets now on sale at any united supermarket or other select-a-seat locations! Going fast so hurry and get em, Thanks for the follow!:) Wishing you, I am so sorry to hear about your Dog . What breed is it ? and how old ?, Rough morning :(, I do too<3 sucks idk him, hey! I'll check out your music :) follow me :), I seriously want to live in the movie Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo. The fashions are fucking 80's epicness., Love the new #Optima ad. "Some call it ahead of its time. Others call it what it really is #Badass." Totally did a double take., Loving LIFE YOU SHOULD TOO !, Killing this strawberry slushy!, Guys, good manners & chivalry still win the ladies over! And grooming ... take abit of effort here, you will be well rewarded!, but you is tweeting right now!!!, Chicken pox. Now I know parents must choose the vaccine to avoid going stir crazy with an itchy kid. Is it almost over? Homebound day 6., i'm not gonna be here much longer... :(, I wonder if God did tell him to run, why He didn't say he would win., just file it with #bmi as a #workforhire for his share and pay him a dollar or two. He'll be good! :-), Cottonwood High School --sorry, the news release the DA sent said Cottonwood Heights High School, so I posted CHHS, Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing moms out there including my very own! Love you!, when ppl say no homo that shit just makes it gayer #justsayin lol, deleting all contacts thinking about getting a new number ., Indians R#1 I do belive folks., Btw, good morning twitter peeps!, Happy Monday!!!, You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life.~James G. Bilkey, does that mean it has burst into flames?, We're headed to tonight for #acbw 6-10pm. See you there!, but i will not deny that you suffered some :) :P :) :P :) :P, To come to school for a half day in the morning or not, Congrats to first demonstration sites: Cedar Falls, Mason City, Spencer + Waterloo! Entire state of Iowa is next!, Have only ONE RULE!!! Be your wild, courageous, brilliant self every single day...No MaTTer WhAt!!! <3, the also both have pretty names., I sure am!, We have to fight for any remaining transparency the public has, modifying policies to comply w/ spirit as technology changes., Eagles select Fletcher Cox in draft, “: Signing at the DC booth in 20 min. Will have copies of Batgirl 23 and 24 to sign and loose upon the world” See you there!, UIUC is an example of a school that gets it rt. Lot of focus on info sci but acknowledgment that libraries are still a thing, glad he's not scared to ride it anymore! Ziah may try and race him in her Camero, 5 Sonic burgers for $5.95 on Tuesday night from 5pm til. Only at #Baltimore loco 8212 Liberty Rd. Hot, fresh, made to order just for you!, I'm doin gr8! <U+2600>wrapping my arms around and hug gin u tight<U+2600> how's th new place?, The evil acai berries have hacked Woody! MT : I lost 20 lbs with acai berry and no major diet changes..., I am siting at Christiphers salon getting a new birthday hair color, I hope everyone remembered to Spring forward today!, Storming through the party like my name was el nino, we love u Cash :D, Stacy Robinson, a Wide Receiver on 2 Giants' Super Bowl-Winning Teams, Dies at 50 - New York Times, Follow Back? :), OT OT OT, Trial in Bay City. Don't expect any Twitter/Facebook action anytime soon., Snow shmow were here to have fun all day! I want someone to make a snow angel on the patio! Bring it on!!! :), Diamond chains black range double cup no stains.., I feel like ima wake up in a very upset state, I like "facilitators" -- that's so true. On so many levels., lol swagg I gotchu on that... It went good we got some super dope pics for the site and tumblr !, lol yes i sure am!!!, Snap ya fangas do ya step. You can do it all by yo self let me see ya do it. Aye let me see ya do it. AYEE!!, A yes, I got a date tonight wif cody and I dont know what to wear and I want all of u to come too, ": I Wishh Money Lasted Longer Than What It Takes To Make ." <<Don't we all!!, I put myself n da worse situations & ask myself why later signed HELP ME!, I appreciate that. That why we did a company bbq, Wish he could get some run support!, Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant. -Horace, Catch us THIS THURSDAY AT HENNESY's in FANIEUL HALL!!!!!! It's going to be a party., My cats were same way. Now, they regard a still bowl of water as "where the hell is my Evian, you cretin?", I want tickets to April 22nd Houston TX, Love Love Love Love Love, I want to fall in love so badly!!!, Wen you stop givin a fuck....... Your so much happier... So fuckin tru;) ...good morning, IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)36, The only thing constant in life is change, Seriously why are the ICONicBoyz gonna delete !?!??!?????????!??, Hahahaha the No. 1 best thing about no longer having Chris Paul on our team: Unfollowing his brother. Y'all stop ruining it by RTing., Was not shocked the Hawks just beat the Clippers. Hawks court/Home court for them. Moving forward to take on the Knicks., Thankful For This Day ; God Will Make A Way<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>, Publishers, Agents, Editors. #Ihaveanidea! Franchise thousands of stories already written. Everyone is a star, everyone buys. STF 1912, chillin wit my friends, Looks like #sandiego wine country came through the Hail ok! buds are happy and intact. whew., A special welcome to my new followers!!!!!, TRUTH! "You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through." - Rosalynn Carter, At some point it'd be worthwhile to read A la recherche du temps perdu in French; can't ever see myself working up the ambition., The final poster designs are coming up for #Rising, #Knock, #Rings, and #Prism. and I are hard at work on them. -JO, & I'm hosting! ": KirkoBangz EVENT same night after yall event at 10 pm flier coming soon", RT But know what? The people make ANY place. Houston has really good peeps that make mosquitoes & heat worthwhile #HIWI [WORD], Thanks for including us, Jerome!, Whats yours is yours! No one can take it, U can only forfeit it!, I see sphinxes all the time. My cats love to snooze that way LOL, the pebble watch, Neil, thanks for the RT on my sone in the navy!!!, love a good deal when i can find it, thanks, What I am not pleased with: seeing an icky newspaper headline & fearing it's about someone you know., Fixing the lawn mower! >:\, I think the school who hires him will be very pleased, Sorry sissy, happysaturdayjamz: "Young Liars" by TV on the Radio., Go Hogs Go / SEC-West has top 3 Teams in the Nation - #1LSU / #2Alabama / #3Arkansas... The toughest divison N the best College FB Conf.!!, One day rise to interigate the holy ghost, I forgot how glorious it is to wear a T-shirt! #globalwarming?, I hate people bye, they had me until their flash website... however, mini pies is quite enticing so I'll probably cave, Terrible PK's and solid goalkeeping by Neuer. Ramos blast it over the goal., Drummer broke his foot. He thought it would be a good idea to sneak into a military base and kick a Tank. He's hardcore like that., *hate rather, not hat, New Orleans bound to watch my take on the hokies. I'm almost as excited to try my first po'boy!, hey thnxs for the follow, RT Foreign Policy Blog: Two twenty-somethings were married in London. It was a very nice ceremony., oh lmfao i get it now :) about the rhyming thing, haha sounds appealing, but I'm stuck on a set. And can't have wine until Sunday. But thanks!, thank you!, I just added a new blog post! NO RISK CREDIT REPAIR, In Baytown, Texas ready to get these workouts going!! Workouts back in Humble at The Gym tonight @ 7:30pm. See you there..., Hang out with me and during the Super Bowl. And go to fb page and tell us your fav commercial!!, Giving you #allsmiles cause of how much respect i have for you, Bon Iver wins for cutest acceptance speech of all time. Shout out to Eau Claire, WI., tell them I love them all!!(:<33, Diana Agron - fabulous. Lea Michele - horrid., #FF love, one of my fav brunch spots in nyc, And they didnt pick him either howie wants up with that ????? He sang really good :(, You were in my dream last night., Jacob Black, not fair., im hungry but dont wanna get for food, Ha ha ha. You.Will.Pay. “: What? #sorrypleaseforgiveme”, And u know u gonna some where,to make a better life.I hope that u find it on the first try..., Check out new Track that's not hip hop Lyrical Trilogy, RT : Hey Jason, could you go write the book I know you have in you on Roy now? I'd like to read that ASAP., ": "A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road." H. W. Beecher", I've heard people ask why Olmos was cast as a bad ass in Battlestar. My question to them: have you ever seen any other thing he's in???, 2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Mark Wickard °Rising 11th °East Lansing, MI °Travel Team: Elite Nation °Point Guard 6’0, Enjoying Flossmoor Station Brewing Company's Pullman Brown Ale. Hint of molasses and smooth finish. BeerHoptacular! worthy indeed!, Thank God I'm done with my comp exam papers. I can now get back to slacking off and watching hockey!, a;lskdjf You know what's attractive on a guy? When they get a haircut. :o it's just so... alskdfja;ksdfj ;D lol!, Just want to thank everyone who came out to the huntington arts fair, we really had too much fun!, #ABOY2012 Awards are under way., probably not for both it'd be cool though!!!, Does it make me sound less pretentious if I tell you the wine is a day old, but was vacuum sealed?, Sometimes, when you've painted yourself into a corner, the best thing to do is just to wait until the paint dries. -- js gilbert, The "Personal Massagers" at Brookstone are getting overtly dirty ..., this is so cute, RT : Morning Meditation: You will live in your own peace or your own conflict, it's a choice you must make in your mind., oh hush, HEY I JUST MET YOU, Vidal Sassoon is dead; rumor that Thatcher had died turned out to be a hoax., It's Super Bowl Sunday! Bring on some football. Patriots or Giants? Which team is your pick?, 2012 is gonna be bad ass. Just saying.,,, Aw I just left! Happy Birthday!!, why they mad at me, Mix'n mingle with fellow EMPs this Friday at "Block by Block" hosted by the de Young. Tickets are just $10. RSVP to, Got the studio set up new songs comin soon stay tuned, What a horrible game!, What abt the combination of both of them?, Really? :D, lord forgive me!, Big meeting today with creating something very epic!, wow no one follows me so i'm tlaking to myself., Happy glorious Wednesday to you! Hope today went well for you., Love is patient, Watching people get murdered while studying for vocab..normal right??, miss your nick's corner videos!! Make the again soon PLEASE! :) xo, love the enthusiasm! I thrive on it. I'm an idea man!, thanks man. Feels good to get back on the road again!, “: Realizing you're wrong but still arguing because you refuse to admit it..” I'm right again., Starting new diet tomorrow. NO FAST FOOD & NO SODA., Trying to learn Pachelbels Canon in D for Mothers Day. After 5 years of no piano lessons I forgot how hard it was!, I want chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and a strawberry on top m :), Thanks! Unfortunately no one gave me a tractor for my b-day so it's a moot point :), pretty tasty sound mix too....., Austin heart will always stay in texas.But he is doing this all of US and to make US happy. Be happy for him becuase its the right thing., i dont even know what that means bro, Forever moshing on my mom., Hey can you please RT I'm a huge fan!!, #Alliclass discussing Broadway ushers and costumer service in other industries. How do we Zappos!-ize the experience?!, Yes, definitely - and that only contributes to the sense of "different" and "wrong" and "failure", so tell me about this movie that your in? When do we see it, i totally just tweet about this! said wish i was on the coast :), Who let Vinny Del Negro coach the #Hawks right there?, This Roland SPd-Sx is ungodly... So Awesome!!!! POOF!!!!, Molly! I just made the final touches on the email for warped and I can't find the address to send it too! What is it?, Hey guys (:, was it any good?, Maybe Trinidad & Tobago are next on the launch schedule! Lol...., Omfg there is a tent village at my friends house woohoo sleepover in the backyard, STOP LIKING AND COMMENTING ON EVERYTHING AAAHHHH, hi! what time does it start tomorrow? The hotel staff don't seem to know anything about their meeting room being used..., you are a great emcee!!, thanks! been contemplating some things, per normal. mostly about the acquistion of money, lol. but you could have guessed that, but yet she lets us call the german kidd in our class a nazi, Scan & Deliver webinar (bit.ly/r5Ifks): The Bookeye looks very neat, but I wonder how much they cost?, seriously?! What happened, Those guys have a rough job, don't they? Their workplace is a nightmare!, preach “: If you'll spend a few moments in quiet, God will renew you. Burnout is avoidable.”, That "thing" needs some interrogation. By me. And everyone else. :), Hey! Are you free Friday morning?, Ive been getting things together on my end & I moved from Houston. I stay in San Angelo now. Got a good job, So I had to., Tryna Go Too Sleep , Somethings Keeping Me Up, I feel sorry for people who can't see themselves for what they are, accept their own flaws and come to terms with it. They must be miserable, Doing is a quantum leap from imagining. Barbara Sher, Stern claims deal was for the greater good. He cited those who work at the stadiums and the local business. We aren't stupid, . by contrast, weather is predicted to be in the high 70s-so we win the weather contest!, Target pulls farmed salmon from stores, <<<<<< WHo grinds more then dis young lady rite here????? #DUDLETBOYZ #SALUTE aye they got talent ova dere, Alright...what is it about...?, Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear... "Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.", Limobuses.com has rental packages To Concerts In our affordable Party Bus transportation. Call to Day 619.225.8466, Ah, that would be the obligation of celebrity weighing you down. Next year you're front row at the Golden Globes., Kathy Bates is the shizz! She woulda been better than Joyce DeWitt!, That said it's disappointing that most of these occupiers choose a small amount of comfort over a lifetime of change., dude talking about a sports watch and places he prefers to practice sports . .., transformation is still going...., He then said "do you want to do this the easy way or the hard way?" to that I responded "the hard way", Lightning in a bottle is so soon!! :D i am so ready!!, iPhone baseball tournaments starting up soon!, Done taking 267 from this day on., I just looked at the other LitFuse site in Seattle, and it says that she makes websites too!!! We are going to have to look in to this., they didn't mention him at all?, Once again, a dead man again! On set in Mobile., TMZ staff say they illegally voted on Oscar/Grammy forms instead of relatives just choosing anyone.No wonder some think da industry's a scam, Physical security describes measures that are designed to deny access to unauthorized personnel., You too! Have a great weekend!, You read a book from beginning to end. You run a business the opposite way. Start with the end & do everything you must to reach it. ~Geneen, YSL - Enjoyed greatly. Only needed live models to animate the fashion like YSL would have wanted us to see!, ROLL TIDE!!! Choose Football!!!, Is it Writer Wednesday? I used to train 's newsletter to go straight to INBOX. That's high praise., Sometimes, the Wrong choices take us to the Right places., Rest day. This is killing me., Central Park is full of wondrous things, like a zoo and stuff. East Village/ near NYU also fun for walking around, yuup ;p RT watch out now ;p, Ain't nobody like you., I seen a rainbow... Actually, this morning, I love you too my angel!, sir charles ftw, Only $22 for a refreshing Brazilian Bikini Wax ($45 value)! Last day, #thatawkwardmomentwhen you're walking your friend home and holding your kitten and 2 girls stop and stare at you, Someone already bought our house ! D':, I could listen to only Mayday Parade for the rest of my life and be totally fine with it, The worst day of my life? January 20th when the 'big' storm hit Chicago & my dad didn't want to drive to the concert!, Your greatest fear shouldn't be that of failure but of excelling at something that doesn't really matter., I'm on some Marvin Gaye shit got some distant lovers., see y'all tonight at LUSTRE?!!!?, yes! thank you, so I take it Dane Sanzenbacher and Nick Reed made the team?, Please let the lakers win the series...!, She's the bomb .com, get ready for surprise stomps! yeehaw!, "We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude." Happy Veteran's Day, #ifiwereasuperhero I'd want the power to read minds, I need a girl, that's totally what I had!, Coming soon... workshops announcement. Don't forget to register for the #paths2partnerships event on October 21! www.pathsreg.org, thanks for spreading the word!, are you trying to view or register? We want to help...send us the link of what you're seeing?, Glad porridge is not alone in hitting class snobbery, have often wondered about my beloved grits hitting US West Coast..., Work hard.. No time for play, I'll be out next Saturday for artMrktSF. Hope to run into you again!, It's got a yoga studio, it has to be good RT : If it's good let know. He's always scouting out coffee places, (Con't) Church, school, gym. As long as it's legit, we're willing to negotiate., I can't control my emotions right now. This fanfic is so cute., TIL vanessa minnillo is black, john legend is white, and drake still sucks., tonight is a perfect example of San Antonio not being old, slow, boring. 97 points through 3 quarters @ sac on b2b., First nascar experience of my life..... I'm so redneck, I loved it!!, “Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.”, no, rooting for a Timbers loss is always acceptable, seriously? They are fucking ugly, That relationship where your both Lovers and Friends >>>>, How are you removing your tattoo? Laser?, i love my mom cause she cares like KOHL's cares!, No weapon formed against me shall prosper and every tongue which rises against me shall be condemned., thank you!!, my display name Latoya., I have $5.00 in quarters., Nicki Minaj with these pepsi commercials <> Corny & cute at once., Awww, shoot ;) So YOU are the "especially you ;) x x x x" mysterious girl! WOO!, We want to welcome our newest supplier - thanks for joining us y'all!, Until last night's 4-0 L to the Angels the #Twins had been the last #MLB team with no shutout W or L., u on?, Finally, the big boys get prosecuted for the trading shenanigans that have been goin on for years! Take that RBC ha!, “ Hey boo RT : “ Where my boo at?”< Right here”, Ariana is a Real G.Go Swagiana.You rap it.We have the next Nicki Minaj here for Nickloden.<3, time for a new (unbiased) survey?, CONGRATS on reaching 100,000 followers. Quite quickly too... Keep it up :)., Confession: I'm now in the habit of buying both hard copies & kindle copies of the same #poetry collections. In my brain, it makes sense., They say I am pretty but I don't see it! If I am so pretty like everyone says why I'm I forever alone?.., FOX VINEYARDS AND WINERY are in Helen GA, Oh bother...now I have to deal with a corrupt file. Will I ever finish this project?, haha; yes. By mid-Aug I'll be working 7 days a week and not allowed to leave the state. So I have to recharge before then :), u should follow me cuz I say cool stuff... Sometimes... Well not really. Sorry for bothering you. :(, RT : Thx #buffalobilliards and for a fun branding panel this afternoon!, It's cool though ., Thanks for the follow brother! Seems like your name has came up a lot lately to me. best to you! hollar!, its going show.lol silly man, Working our way up to the show on Sat nite. Hope u can be there. Wonderfully talented people who are a pleasure. Great show last weekend., #iftheworldendsonsaturday what would you guys do if the world really ends tomorrow?, love you <3, I always crave the worst foods at this time at night, MT Never tried Pho? No problem! Come by and we'll tell you all about it. You'll be glad you did!, It Was Fun :), It's weird sitting passenger seat in your own car, crack B what it lookin like homey?, Very cool, my client is very non-tech, so this will be great. I use Fetch on Mac. Used it for years, but I'll check out Filezilla., It's officially my favorite month :D, It's genius., Just saw My Girlfriend's Boyfriend and it was flippin' phenomenal! Seriously wonderful., Who has the best chance to stay undefeated the Colts or the Saints?, “: that's how we roll! Come see us soon here in Wichita!” heck yea!!! That needs to happen soon!, omg i am so sorry someone hacked into my account and emailed everyone im following :( :(, Owning a home gives a sense of belonging. Roots. A place in the community.A little place in the world for your family that’s uniquely ours., RT: URGENT UNVERIFIED: Plain cloths police planning for staged street fights as an excuse to attack people, please stay calm and silent, a little early to panic... strongholds yet to report!, Not over yet, include Gap!!!!, did u see avengers yet, I recognize some of those! :), New Wireless threats to small and middle maket businesses: Evil Twin Promiscuous Client Bluesnarfing & Bluejacking They are on their way!, are you coming Saturday or what?!?!? :), Just typed mysterday instead of mystery. What would one do on a mysterday?, We hope you enjoy your visit!, 2009 Primetime Emmy Award Tickets available. $350 per seat. Sept. 20, LA's Nokia Theater. Interested in going, send me a message., can't wait!, Wonderful meeting! So nice to meet you. Thanks for all your patience with us!, he started MLS Digital Properties and now works for MLSE corporate partnerships. He's a digital guy at heart., A global genocide: blacks, Jews, Christian, poor, weak? America stopped Nazi; bad precedent being set by black leaders; can be used on them!, nah I haven't played it. Been hella busy, Watching Cow & Chicken., Everyday I'm alive I feel #Blessed. So should you., "MOOC" = massively open online course. For a minute I was totally hoping we were going to talk about MUDs, mid 90s online identity., when's ur new album coming out?, Post-concert comment in Paris: "You're doing that whole American-Finnish thing", delivered in a German accent., Yeah lol we like the warped tour infact our other guitarists older brothers band we are the in crowd is playing it, We hope you'll enjoy our hometown! The city goes into full overdrive during #SXSW. Events 24 hrs a day for over a week..., RT "This Andrew Bird song needs more whistling!!" ~ Andrew Bird, I've forgotten how much work marcom can be. For those who follow you know its my most favorite topic :-(, call me ASAP please thanks, you on Skype?, My best relationship advice: Make sure you're the crazy one., I hate the fact that people is really making bull shit and calling it hip hop, Looking for a videographer to film IgniteATL's September event. Suggestions?, u stopped talkin to me....that's what I call it, My friends always make things better<U+2764>, Tuesday. Let's see if I can kick your ass on 3 hours of sleep despite the fact that I am out of coffee, Nice! I think someone's gettin' a last min xmas gift! RT you can buy it on amazon for $9!, Pulp can move, baby!, what?! Put it back! I still owe you a bday present., A comfy Canyon Group chenille robe is a holiday gift she will LOVE! Made entirely in the USA! www.rosegardenboutique.com, Just saw an ad for TIme-Life DVD collection of the complete Six Million Dollar Man. Can't resist Steve Austin (he was in my senior thesis), Headed to the funeral at 2pm New Mexico time. Please keep the Knowlton family in your prayers... Thank you!, thanks :D, About to be a long 3 days before I head out to San Diego., so i'm like re-watching One direction live on SNL and i think Niall is just so adorable, Want to goo see the movie paronormal activity 3 i have to see it now! soo hyper., Y'all tear this motha up.. get grimey and dirty.. straight street.. straight hood., I'm heading down to the Evening of Poetry at the White House on Wed. See the Prez and Lady Obama. Should be a fun time., awesome! Will do :), omg I miss blingee. I still make them from time to time., Hell yeah!, matchup and champions?, This school ratchet.., Many thanks to and his staff for a friendly meeting today on the state of funding for the humanities!, Is it spooning if im by myself?, The mood is set (uh huh). See you already know what's next., Just watched documentary The Marinovich Project...wow...filmakers did a great job telling that story!, Something tells me Dan will be pretty busy with Beer Week stuff then!, GEE THANKS!!! Love you too! -.- U have to sign in!!! So sign in girl!!, You always look great, 2D or 3D. That is a great picture!, Combo party. Totally!! 2013, my mom just called me a lazy asshole. hahahahahaha that's so true., We spend too much time wondering why we're not good enough but not enough time listening to the reasons why we are., LOVE the new avi. Your one sexy female!, i now this time ima be there too !! Do they have the certain dates?, Gold and silver line my heart, but burned into my brain are these stolen images., I'd say we are one of the few existing business anywhere that care about quality over profits...-Melissa Martin, Wisefly Auto Glass, Dope concert, I'd like to rub something else in your face. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>, i can't wait for the EXPLOSION, Lol im sure he is used to it >.<, In studios this morning to kick off their support of our Relay For Life season., hey waht was the messaqe you send me about ? lol, Love, love, love - all the wretched cant of it, masking egotism, lust, masochism, fantasy under a mythology of sentimental postures., is everyone going ma?, IMPORTANT: If you have a discount code to APPNATION NYC, you MUST use it today. All codes expire at midnight EST tonight, May 1, 2012., Friday Faculty Fest TODAY! Ted Scholz on "Seeds for Innovation". 12:00-2:00 in LIB 301. (Lunch provided.), Man, I need some coffee and I need it fast!, Modern living has resulted in an acid-alkaline imbalance in our bodies (chronic low-grade acidosis) due to diet, environment and stress, Tracy, did you see yourself on my postcard?, I HAVE to have this vacation soon! It's a month away too long.. I'm one pissy fuck., here comes that bearded man again. he needs a theme song similar to "wildthing" in the movie "Major League", Day 1 of #BikeRSVP in the books. Sun finally came out for the awesome final stretch. Operation "sun's out, guns out" back on for tomorrow., It Smells Like Candles. c:, On my way to make a new song in the studio ya!, Hunting for studio space in Baltimore., Sounds good. We just sent you a DM. Let us know if you got it, Aw shucks, got to go back to work. Thank you HECO. I hope you put extra strength duct tape today., Listen to the garden of #Wisconsin #democracy. God and #wiunion are organizing the choices that will grow. Freedom Sings with Justice June5, oh, so of course i missed your following spree :( can you still follow me? ?? please?, people have really creeping profile names and mine is not creepy its just wired lol, Thanks for your support, I love ya <3, #SomeoneIWantToMeet is Dave grohl, Based on what virtually all of my friends say, I think I will love it. xox, What?? Did you see a spider?! Where??, Me too.:( Large project took over my plan to go. I know we will meet though!, wat up bro, Los Angeles ((:, what time is it in boston ?, Im to happy. Who was making jokes., GAME ON! volleyball in Dolores Park tonight! 6pm be there, ; reading my text messages oh the fuckery, you know somebody mad when they send you shit repeatedly in all caps <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, that stink :(, My services will show you how to not only protect the money you have, but also turn that money into a #moneymachine if you seek a way out!!!, It's cheaper, the small people can't smoke, that's bullshit, close them all down, lunch should be two hours long! It's enough time to eat and take a nap under my desk, no?, Great night with Mema and Grump.... Enjoy every moment. Sometimes you just can't get them back., "Don't Think Twice" which was ultimately done by Bob Dylan? If so, that one. I can see Lorraine doing after she leaves., That awkward moment when you accidently text the wrong person, and the wrong person is next to you because your on a date with them lol., new album "Fallen Empires" streamed on Rdio for 24 hours & was removed. Why do bands not understand access over ownership., it's a great home town... Almost there for Easter! Looking for tickets every where I can..., I love my rehabbed train depot office but want to throw rocks at trains that lean on the horn for two miles on their way past my building, A professional locksmith will be able to pick the lock on your door without causing any damage to the lock itself,, Paypal is a bigger crook than BofA, so if they go thru with the blackout grab your money out first..., Dinner with the Athens family. Happy., Sure the truth hurts, but it's better then being lied to, Happy 31st Birthday to I hope you have an amazing one! =D, tonight's show had me laughing so hard I sound like Mickey Mouse., Aw. Poor Rubes. She's having a tough time suddenly being twice her age. (This is why Mom's drink wine), Hey Steve Happy New Year! I have a question to ask you, what's the best email address to reach you?, : lots of possible tasks that all count as "contributing" to #kohails. answer q, write docs, code, sponsor code,etc, #wiunion #wirecall Shouldn't AP be calling 23 for Kristen? Can I? :-), Idk blonde or black can you help me, Fabulous Kiss kiss <3, " love ya photos!! follow back we n that model world :)" #nowfollowing Thanks for the luv! See ya at the top ma ;-), hahahah i always feel out of place!, Hi Tamron! Great coverage. Just wanted you to know that in Maryland it's Ocean City and not Ocean Beach. Hang in there!, FCW is going to be on WWE network., Well last yearl i had a project in school that i had my own island and i called it gorgeous nightmare<3, GSP That was great screwing with his mind ! Respect!!!, Hi, I see that you are a networker. Would it be ok if I send you free marketing tools you can use to grow your business?, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BOO ENJOY UR DAY BOO!!, Just about to eat the best sushi with the best wife in the whole wide world, I mean, I think I like food more than people cause food can't talk, you know?, The Bellmen are a #sxswmustsee band!, Great Weekend at El Pastor. Red Bulls Fans energized Saturday and the Fado delighted everyone on Friday. Happy Birthday Gloria de Mello!, We have a God that is large and in charge!, "6:00 arm. The world colors itself again./I try feeling the Braille of the day./The sky, so far, is white as aspirin.../ Barefoot I wait", Thanks so much!, Ministry of Ideas () is a venue for entrepreneurs to share ideas with open meetups, At TIG Day 1 Virtual Law Offices by, If you are an autism service provider, please provide a list of services you provide, location, costs and email me at ., #airbrushing all day tomorrow, Mind in one place, heart in another, Could you please get yo dick out my omelet, i can't even express into words how stressed out i am right now. january is never going to get here, "I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion." #Retweet if you are a proud #Swiftie13, What is the best software to manage multiple twitter accounts?, oh my would he love to partake!!!! Nathan is so excited. More info please :), "Be willing to be uncomfortable. Be comfortable being uncomfortable. It may get tough, but it is a small price to pay for living a dream.", How was RAC/TRAC? I'll be in Germany for the last four weeks of my summer working in Darmstadt., RT : It hurts the most when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today., Loving you has made my life so beautiful.......#Sike..!, Hi guys! We'd really love to feature you on our website. :) Could you dm us an email to contact you at? Thanks!, Hope he has a successful surgery., Free Faculty Horn & Harp Recital, 8PM IUP/Cogswell. Also @ IUP, 6 O'Clock Series: "The Real Gidget Story" & Broadway Backwards AIDs benefit., Game of Thrones renewed for 3rd season., Yeah, after a HOT March we have had a rather cool April. Let's hope May is nicer., All Big Ten and everybody on Mich's sked the next two years, I believe., Hope you finals week has been going good!, What's with all the Hollywood celebrities at the White House Correspondence Dinner? Is that normal?, wowwwie its been forever!!, THE Becky Livers!!!!, Good lesson there!, Well, they both die in their respective movies and are zombies in #TheAvengers -- but otherwise, you're fine., love this!, Playing that electro., did not go unnoticed in Castle Kay-Skull, Going to the 1994 All Star game in Arlington and seeing Wade Boggs warmup with Cal Ripken, Check me out on Thursday's #TheOffice at 9pm EST/PST (8pm CST)! Playing the pharmacist. Don't blink or you'll miss it., Damn the music makers in life sometimes; because of them, I now have to put pants on., Have you had their chicken salad! OMG Shire-licious ;) lol : I love that place and eat there every time I am in Houston!!!!, shit I seen you were pissed I've never seen the bitch before either, When I hurt myself is always there. Brought me ice when I twisted my ankles. Took ice out of a drink for my cig burn <U+E32A>, you guys killed it tonight such a great show and it was super cool meeting you guys, When Science Goes to the Dogs is being held at the Tutt Branch Library on January 27th at 4:30pm. All ages welcome., i describe twitter as mini-blogging. of course describing twitter to people who don't know what a blog is tough., Cappers posting on tonights CBI game has a consensus on Pitt & Un just like the line movement...Possible Was.St. top gun ouy, are you doing it with guys?, What exactly am I supposed to do with over a hundred hardcover volumes of pre-1990 American Heritage?, ON AIR NOW<< Rock of Talk's morning drive with Larry Ahrens live, from 7-8am. Call in with your opinion (505) 265- 1550, If GWB had gotten Bin Laden, this country would still be shooting confetti out of cannons..Chris Matthews, at least you listen to good music lol, I got u check me out also "TheMsMckoy" my channel I love him., Jim is shooting a Usher music video this weekend, without me, I swear he never takes me on the fun shoots., and - of efffin' course: don't follow leaders, watch your parking meters!! And something about not needing a weatherman!, races!!! over 105!!, yeah it's been very easy going, especially after finishing Moby Dick not too long ago, Boring Night, I'm financed in China, ran in Japan. I'm respected in Turkey and I'm legal in Siam., Kind of digging Mike Modano as an NHL analyst., This space is too doggone small for me., Party hard then head to Europe on a early flight. Walking 'cross the London Bridge, that's that Fergie life., SUMMER SALE!!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantivingfurniture WE HAVE UP TO % 45 DISCOUNT ON ALL ITEMS..:))), ": Who's downloaded MatchDay 2012? What do you think of it?" I like the visual schedule, news linking to teams needs help, I like the DB jar in the background, Transistor - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia, i mean c'mon everyone, don't send hate. really, they are humans too and have feelings. and if you send hate it won't make the boys who like, I feel like a hero and you are my heroine Do you know that your love is the sweetest sin?, Sadly, no mimomas or bloody marys this morning, or it'd have been more than ideas buzzing. ;), Bulls Pacers is on CSN+ right now, but because the Champaign market gets shafted, I can't view it on the infomercial access channel, Siloam Springs Memorial Hospital Transition, NBC golf announcers seem to have recovered from last weeks disaster., YEAHH BUDDY #GOAL! USA. all the way baby!<3, Fujinians are people too!!!, Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies., Looking for a new hang-out? We’ll squeeze you in at the bar. Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High, Columbus, Employee empowerment + innovation go hand in hand. Profits, customer sat, loyalty follow: etc. cc, Dick so big all these bitches pussys is throbbin (;, Can I book you??, AJ is def the hottest diva out there. Luv that she is getting this push, Boo, I have to stop watching The Parent Trap and go pick up from work. JK, love ya. :), our Washington reporter was doing a report about Super PACs, haha that picture's not as bad as I thought it would be!! Lol, Forget YOLO I'm living life, Guess Im gonna do something about my "incredible obesity" #nomoreeating #sickofbeingfat ..., Interesting. With #SITweetups, I feel we could do more for those not attending to feel a part of it in real-time., #ImagineAustin :woah! Do u see what I see?! Alex: yah, that new awesome hat is soo cool!! Austin: not that, her! *points at you* Alex: ohh., come! I might also go to the abbey tomorrow., Yeah, it was a welcomed surprise and stopped any doubts of that being the main event., RT : #CharityTuesday || Retweet a nonprofit, any nonprofit! Here are hundreds to choose from by category: /lists, Bring the whole family to Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 2 to celebrate Earth Day's 42nd Bday! Arrive early for full participation., This life can make you so confused,but it's alright!, What a difference a day makes. #Obamalutionary (just made that up). #MarriageEquality across the land!, Got my blog up...now gotta figure out what to say..LOL!, with her when she wants to hangout with someone else.. Like shes lied before & canceled our plans THE NIGHT BEFORE TEENHOOT (c), I hope all this traffic means The Sunburnt Cow is going to be busy tonight., Made buffalo chicken pizza and now watching #2andahalfmen love this show., We are 2 blocks away from the Fullerton stop on the #151 bus. Hop on the #cta and come check us out!, I just cried a lil bit.. ": her not on twitter no more :( RT : Where is lele ", Scales don't tip the moment you overeat. Weight gain & lose is a slow process. 3,500 extra cals = 1lb weight gain so keep checks & balances!, Would love to be in on the conversation!, im so ready for #BlackFriday 2mar !, We need to be careful that in worrying about e-books, we don't stop framing questions about reading, learning, and discovery., thank you! It's fun to tweet about such a great band., If ur seeking but not finding, maybe ur seeking what YOU want, not what God has purposed for u..., watching to see how overall market pushes price, Lansing bound for last minute Michigan Recycling Coalition Annual Conference to-do's!, clay, beatlab on ponce and normans on clairmont. what's your issue?, #ThingsILookFor loyalty, honesty and respect., That's great. The bacon belt in itself is definitely, If you're gonna act like people are there to ruin your day rather than take food orders, just quit your job & go home. #ohare Reggio's C22, SEM Manager: help launch the efforts for a new product offering focused on generating high-quality conversions for ourcustomers...., Just got done with Walk For Hunger Cleveland! Yeah!, Any #Runners attending #dls15? Looking for a running buddy!, Figaro && The Executive are our two new specials for the week, come in and check them out!, Tornado warning will keep us from Hunger Games. Does Fandango or AMC have a refund policy?, bc it was cloudy and rainy all weekend #Humid!, But for realz, have to be at work in 29 minutes and I JUST got in the shower. Might be late, boss., RT : Unsubscribing from one sketchy high school "friend" at a time., Was that a serious tweet?, Pick your battles in life. Just because you don't say anything doesn't mean that you didn't win. (daryldorsey.com), GoodNight yall I tried. I voted for all day today I hope we win and get that USTREAM 1-4-3 stay mindless please follow back, We are now hiring Developers with api experience and Sales reps with phone experience. Interns welcome to apply!, Cool. They counted the buzzer bomber. Final was 5-2., Haven't signed up for Uber yet, Seattle? Sign up today & tweet at me. I'll throw $15 in credit on your account toward your 1st ride!, I go your my best friend hands down and he goes hands down where? ;) lmao this is why you my best friend, Go get 'em, Tim "the tool lady" Taylor!, Holy fog, Batman!, Not a fan of apps trying to take over and self post junk. I already have no control over things as is!!!, nice meeting you and your gf at How much...Mr. Foster? at North Shore...check out my take on the #mff2011 so far!, my thoughts exactly! Do you happen to know if he's been working on anything with Dance Gavin Dance?, Hello & welcome to Twitter,, Don't let this Detroit vs Flint thing affect our friendship lol, pleaaassse follow me !, Indians in 1st place!!, This wknd, I lrned how to: submit someone with the kimura lock, fix my rear derailleur, & groove to Ethiopian pop., wow a lot of trees are down in my backyard thanks to Hurricane Irene :/, Had the most amazing time last night with :)) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>, I get immediately frustrated when people call me "hon" but I usually let it go because it's just a part of their vocab, big good luck cheers!!!, What do I want? You. You and only you. And I know you're reading this. So you better be smiling gorgeous., having a cyberpunk moment via skype with at, Hey, thanks for the RT!, You might be lonely but not literally alone :-), The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have., Are you a recent graduate looking to start your post-college career? TRAK Records and Library is looking for a motivated, teamwork-orient…, very cool! rt I have 3 bachelor who responded to me and to my tweet., ugh i can't sleep D:, Audacious Idea from Barbara Samuels of : If kids count, why not get them out of harm’s way?, So many #May1 events planned here, can only do 1 or 2. I may not have a "job," but still have to work. ;), winter x & rootbeer floats., safe travels home!!, Trying craps, Right now is anger. Denial just got off the phone., Canned Corn!!!, nothing is forever ......., P Sherman Wallaby Way, Sydney, Just announced: We are hosting our 1st Annual Cornhole tourney with a grand prize of $1000 cash! Sunday Aug 21st., can't mess with the KQ, Get well soon Garrison Keillor!, Bioness Initiates Study of Neuromodulation System for Chronic Peripheral Nerve Pain, it makes perfect sense, I lower my defenses as well when being snuggled., don't be scared!, Just finished reading "The Five People You Meet In Heaven". Wow......could't put it down., your are crazy that Profile Pic, ROFL, Thanks for watching - you rock!!! RT i love the performances on YouTube *-*, Coming soon New Single From Miguelito Lamorte & The Chino Nunez Orchestra, People are like... WTF david... lol,, I don't really fuck with that. Don't hit me up only you want advice/help/or when you need a friend... I hate that shit., www.mervegallery.com new hours starting next week., patrons find it goes well with milk..., could be Hardings, too!, It is just so fustrating. He is 3 months past his shot date., Great fairs this w/e! Start uptown w/ Crafts on Columbus (Columbus Ave btw 77th & 81st) then Upper Broadway Festival (Bway btw 60th & 65th), Great day in #Tallahassee, including breakfast with and lunch with Leadership Tallahassee Class 18! As we say, Best. Class. Ever!, City let's him pay it in installments! Has to be another way!, Re-reading *The Road* for my apocalypse class. Still harrowing., yeah that's a good one. Last year it was something, but i couldn't remember if it was #nbtwd or #btwd or what., In a perverse variation of Keynes’s hypothetical cure for recession—, “For last year's words belong to last year's language and next year's words await another voice.” ~ T.S. Eliot, I love winter time in San Francisco, Tonight, Maybe We're Gonna Run. Dreaming Of The Osaka Sun, Dreaming Of When The Morning Comes. - Lovers In Japan (Coldplay), In English class with my homeskillet jessica mutha effin chavez ! :), You ARE beautiful though. (:, Found my keys.. yay!, Hey -- a Baron Davis sighting., I really truly believe it, More often than not, the best part of an online article is the comments section., Lol LA fans, line to get in game it's 740 game says 730 start. Hope we don't miss too much of it, At the omni. The W was sold out when we tried to book rooms., amen sista soldia! Same goes for if you don't btw!, World Series will go head to head with Steelers/Saints game. I wonder who will win this ratings battle?, #valentinesday will yet again be with and for myself!!! Which is just fine, think I might send love bombs to friends tho!!!!, I like her sound., Your so whipped i loue it! ;), je n'ai plus faim Allison., Sometimes I want to reply to spam comments. Sigh., I would never let anyone else call me that. Lori., Pulling gears always makes me feel better, I'm good...can't wait to start school next month..: ), looking forward to seeing old friends & making new ones at #tnla12 tomorrow!, There is nothing more suspenseful than the moment right before you walk through a metal detector., Agree RT : 400 degrees is an american classic., There's 2 sides to every story and more than 1 perspective on a planet with 7 billion humans, Thanks so much for the follow and for all of your amazing work!, Looking for fun on a Monday night? Come bowling with #UBAKPsi at Tonawanda Lanes at 9pm tonight! Pickups will be at 8:30pm in the SU Lobby!, Whoot! It's Faculty Follies!, i wish you would follow me :), idk but if you find out let me know please <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>, Power nap then petco., That's very kind of you to say. Thanks for sharing! :D, Rainy days and Mondays always get me down. Really sucks when they're concurrent. (At least I'm not anorexic though... Not even a little.), My 9 month old niece is ticklish and it is so cute!, I mean literary conferences, not sff conventions. But got it. What kind of material is it, if I may ask?, I know this happens all the time, but the future me is saddened by this., Someone remind me why I thought a 3-hour layover in Akron would be OK., The new Ressee's Puffs commercial tries WAY too hard.., I've read (but not tried). HDMI out to projector - via an VGA conversion cord. Anything on iPad should wirelessly project. We'll see, it was time for a change, RT : Good Facilitation is like jazz. You create 'new notes' of learning and insight in the moment., Yovani pitching a gem today, let&#39;s keep it going, I can go, if you want me to., Got a cool idea for a MyCSU video or blog? E-mail us at ., Yeah, remembered that after I hit "send." Still plenty of other more versatile utility types in camp, too., Hello my people!!, ...many of whom, out of propriety, endure tortures even unto death, rather than submit to the necessary treatment by male physicians. (1857), OH: Originality is just a lack of information., Awesome site!- Hoping that can help promote : ), Glad I don't have any homework for the first time ever!!!, Honored you enjoy all the books & liked TCN as well. Loved writing it. As Melissa learns, friends make the best presents!, All true #ravens fans had to see that Boller would be back here 1 day, 8p Sheba Piano Lounge TONIGHT jazz vocalist Shelley MacKay, drummer Roberta Drake, singer-pianist Tom Shaw & the finest Ethiopian food in SF, is getting a wonderful make-over Visit it in a few days, I'm finally finally finally reading Opening Up by If you've ever been interested in open relationships, READ IT!, lmao ok I tought u mean Houston yea u in ur own lil world, God works in mysterious ways. He has his own plans so don't set your heart on your own., keep your head up. you know you're great., Beautiful and inspiring., Whhhhhhoooooo me to! Its gonna be AMAZING!!, Nope I'm not. Might have someone I could put you in touch with that will be at the #ChicagoTattooConvention in Feb though, The only ppl i want around me are The ppl that will take care Of My son until hes able to take care him self if something happen to me, congrats, wow, amazing, holy cow....., Mumford & sons = favorite #SXSW moment. Probably even best concert ever!, #Larry is in the lead (':, Come on Tiago..., What a great week for #SportsRadio! March Madness, #Blazers trades, #TimbersFC, Manning 2 Broncos, Tebow 2 NY & #BountyGate!, no, YOU'RE perf, YES! As am I! Too excited to see it!!!!! What day are you going? I'm going Saturday, Havarti cheese!!! So good!, One down one to go. #Tribe takes the 8-2 win over the Twins. Hard to believe this is the last weekend for Indians baseball this season., Puttin niggas mamas in ah choke hold....wit my dick!....lmatfo, Dance, dance . Then hopefully gettin to see my boy :), On the moon with Steve., You're welcome! :), #Dearmama I love you so much!!!!!!!, Sooner or later those who win are those who think they can. `~ Richard Bach, Is there an American between the ages of 15&35 w/ a real interest in semi/pop culture who couldn't be plausibly tagged w/ term "hipster"?, RT : "What does HOME mean to you? How do the forces of technology & globalization affect your idea of "home"?", No, sorry. I'm out in Ohio right now, so I won't be able to make it. Let me know how it goes!, So its #1 LSU, #2 Bama, #3 Oregon and LSU loses the conference championship. Who is in the Championship game?, it was!!! I was doing my happy dance, I never understood why people would wear seasme st. character clothes., Success comes from persistence...persistence in hoping for the best, looking for the future, following your dreams, and aiming to..., Learning "how to fascinate" from #sallyhogshead at #roi2012 in Clearwater.., Bring #bikescore to Baltimore!, ...'Bermuda Love Triangle'? Thoughts?, Hi cutie pie!, Heather is the best kind of rich. She seems to have no clue her needs and wants are are just that and not necessity. I love her!!, man!!! That's terrible!! :( do you know if he's in a hospital in town here, I don't know why I didn't choose to get a bdubs or a qdoba gift card, Happy Monday! Off to Tijuana for a full day of meetings!, Tweet tweet bitches, they are?, i love you., headed 2 gwinnett arena 2 direct playoff game! cmon atlanta support your hometown hockey team puck drop 7:05pm, I am extremely sorry for causing any harm with our balloons. It is my ('s) mistake. I should've been smarter in..., cool thanks for the info. Have a goodnight handsome., oh man, algebra is so fun! asdhgasjhdgaj i have to do math homework :(, We will be mixing our record this weekend, hope to get you all a song by Christmas time!, Omg the lights keep flickering.. #If my power go out though, Yes indeed. I'll post links to the archive early next week., lol not spamming. Just kidding around. #TSB is good stuff. Podcast is good too., I think I just did good on my exam, going to make some lunch, wine and sleep. Then some more homework and working out., Thanks for helping sponsor our outreach today with sandwiches!, Thank you so much for the kind words! MB, what levels of the RnR did you use?, All my mediocre or average packages air on tv & then one I feel really good about happens and will never be seen by anybody but me., well done man. Good luck on your writing endeavors!, The nigga to the left is my boyfriend. <~~~~~~~, i know the entire SONG...Word for WORD!!!, willbottinick: Wish I could have attended #SLA2010, but I will be there next year for sure., I'm in love with harry potter., Fist bump. Keep rockin' it. RT : Sending a shout this morning to fellow sheep, I still miss my ex... but my aim is getting so much better., Oh Im still a believer!, RT : Looking forward to appearing on at 9 ET on #CNN to discuss my new book “While America Sleeps.”, "Not Knowing Imagination" even?, By this time next week, you'll all be recovering from the 2009 HF-Twestival., Celebration of the buffalo's role in their culture., why wear a rose dress too!, 'Melancholia' was kind of stunning. Suspect it (and Kirsten Dunst in that wedding dress) is going to be in my head for some time., Only if he would let me see ;)), Dammit little tinker toys in my floor wtf, alright, now. Lol, *watching Key & Peele* / "check out this MadTV spinoff.. Kyle & Pete.", love the title "Hummingbird at my window" for your next song!, I guess people hate capitalism according to Florida. If that's the case, then I suppose I should scream SIEG HEIL to socialism. RonPaul2012, okay. how hot did harry look? he stole the show., OMFG :D ask if I will meet him and if he loves me?:), Sales are on and both and are down., What can I say? I'm a classy guy. Dinner, Wine, and Madmen, What's good tonight..., SMILE!!!! GOOD MORNING TWEETIES!!!!, it better be a really, BIG candle!, and young chop beats are the shit na huh? what music are yawll listening to? sound like the same ol shit to me...., hey cutie! How are you!, All packed and ready for Denver!, BIG TIME RUSH SINGING THE NATIONAL ANTHEM =, Thanks for the following! I have a soft spot for the #Southern_Belle!, Can't stop thinking about book "The Passage". Finished last night & and can't wait for 2012 & the sequel. Thx 4 your storytelling!, Slowly shoving the plunger down in the French press is oddly satisfying., oh, yeah. meant to ask if you'd converted your desk?, It's funny how it is the smallest things can make me so happy. The best things in life really are free., im 16 how old r u?, You Can Stay Your Funny Acting Ass From Around Me..., sorry puff I am not sure I recognize a hammer, Show Doug that bacon covered cheese fries are always better than gravy covered fries!, RT - some guy in front of me has a miami seaquarium shirt. I wonder if he can give me free tickets to swim with dolphins ! ;D, Happy birthday to my beautiful, Smart, Bestfriend in the whole word! i love ya katie!:), Jobs are askin 4 PICS now, I didn't know I had to look the part to sell coffee or Italian food... Job hunting SUCKS!!!!, Spelled your name wrong., You keep me updated and I'll reciprocate., I want a tatoo, one of the best gyms ever. Loved the one in Santa Monica and wished they were in Seattle., Are you human or artificial intelligence?, Hope you'll listen to our benefit CD for the Tells Twain's life in spoken word & song. Eastwood, Buffett, etc, Ima b up to the bullshit today......., thank you!, thanks and what do you mean?, Temper flaring !!!!, Black women who say they'll never date a black man are the ones we don't want anyway., look again baby girl did, Dear CBS, thanks for letting me know that Tim and Tom are similar names., Can't wait to go to home for a week!! Hopefully I'll get to see everyone that matters!, OMG. those are some awesome photos of him., - I believe that's the Wizards former strength coach who went with Eddie Jordan to Philly., I cut em wide, I cut em long, I cut em FAT!! I keep em coming back !, College Football #HOF inductee R.C. Slocum began his coaching career at Lake Charles HS in Louisiana in 1968., Boy Bye, Not Wit Them Shoes 0n ... Haaha ( :, gets into law school and thinks he's, Lol @ the girls with these whack ass ways to start convos with a cute dude and all they get is a retweet, smacks is my favorite cereal, EVERYONE go tweet @/CiaraRose51996 that she is beautiful from Megan! :), "Innovate, Demonstrate, Amplify" -, if I had one wish, I would wish my laundry was done!, Dear Bus Driver, please kick Homeless Man off the bus. I don't mean to be rude, but he rly needs to take the next bus so he can dry out, Hahaha! "Oops" said the cop!!!!!, Fuck bitches , get money . Fuck bitches , get money ;*, Sat is black and white day, It's a beautiful spring morning--perfect for sharing a story about Texas wildflowers. Barnyard Buddies begins in less than an hour!, Yay - Congrats! RT : I'll literally be done with grad school in a matter of minutes. Thanks !!, hey, hows that #volleyball pic coming along?, nice to feel needed! Upset to hear about the book/treasure taxi loss., Thanks for the event mention! It will be a great event for your group to come out to tonight!, Wow Johnny is a bitch, I'm loving this whole #Christmas thing!My family has a beautiful tree, wreaths & twinkly lights! What's your favorite thing about Christmas?, what is with this weather??? can it please be warm now!!!!, The Other One>Spanish Jam, I want to hear the story., Was I the only one that felt tension when Coach Cal and that other coach from that other school were doin the interview?!, wow, the new is fancy., Some girl in my driver's ed class thinks she's a cat. God help her., If you're going to spend $175 printing the flyers I recommend that extra $75+ to get something designed worth printing., A wonderful family with 3 kids came all the way from from Kohler, WI this week to serve the meal. Thank you for your support., #HappySabbath my pretties... :) God bless.! Have a wonderful weekend.!, Thanks for your excellent response!, Oh Harry., I'm gona miss u so much to :'( but I hope u da best and I hope to see u on tuesdayxxx I luv u so much x <3, wow, I can't spell today... deleting that one!, Students demand that discussion leader define terms, e.g., is movement just a term for "progressives"? what is "progressive"?, Women Want It All And More – Why Aren 't We Getting It? [EXPERT], awwh Jordan! :) that made my day... no my life! love you !! :) <3, welcome to virginia!, I'm trying to sell my mom weed, Today is my last day at work b4 vacation to Alaska & I am NOT happy to be reaching for the kleenex box every 15 minutes. Bad Body! No colds!, I will work with anybody so long as we are both building our dreams., is there an RSS feed for your site?, Bailey bby, follow me maybe? ;) your Gunna kill it tonight <3, Just set my alarm to remind me to start and then later switch over the laundry. Yes, this is the realm of ridiculousness I have reached., ": Twenty points if you have curly hair. Curly hair is delicious." I get 20 points! Hell yeah!, ACOs can exchange any data needed internally for informatics, but must be able to send basic data outside ACO, you saw from the begin of the OSCARS.., Tomorrow is gunna be horrible... prove me wrong, how you lose yo phone black ppl now- a- day.....ImY too, Good Monday Morning! It's a beautiful beginning of a week...I hope you have a very positive and productive week! Let's get at it!, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVELY COUSON, Tomorrow, a corporate show in Salt Lake CIty., If you can manufacture cells to do what you want, these "software packages" may qualify for an extended period write-off., DJ Griggs (Brazosport HS) has committed to Long Island. He becomes Houston's 26th senior to select an out of state D1 college., just received an SQL error when accessing a website on curating databases. OOPS!, Dude in the news just said "techno-weenies!", If Falcom games have taught me anything, it's that you should NEVER trust a minor character that shows their face next to their text box..., There are a shit load of movies out that I want to see., Great review. Even my CEO could understand this! :), she's payton (:, Damn straight. And being that it's Rivers, I saw all kinds of crazy shit in just an hour., Phenomenal TRX class tonight with instructor Garret!, the stress was worth it. #'bres, WTH #Facebook, clicking on a ticker status launches a #Huffpo tab in #chrome?, Nice long run, now pulling out the grill! What could be better?, A good night's sleep always feels so great. When you awake, you've got exercise energy to create!, And now for some "vitamins.", omg how?, writing policies for crime and terrorist programs, Congrats to Bryson for winning the Boots Williams Award and a $1,000 scholarship! Couldn't be more proud of my big brother! I love you<3, “: Because NY needs religion?” Nope NY just needs Jesus., Why do the queues in supermarkets always seem to be moving faster than the one you are in?, Ima victim of my own kind wea da weed at, hate when niggas talk about u in jail, cardamon in my coffee makes me smile, Good morning! It's finally Friday! Have a wonderful day., would love to be in skins!., relative of Revy., needs to take me to see 'What To Expect When You're Expecting', I'm a big fan of your work! Big Fan! I hope to one day have you in a class or workshop!, Or simply looking at the other posts in the discussion board would have made it very clear., Hey hope everything is going good just wanted to say hi <3, count me in., #myguy doesn't need to take me out to fancy places & buy me expensive things., Going to the Internet Librarian Conference. Reading tweets and blogs of my fellow travelers..getting excited...must leave work :-), Tis my modest opinion that no man can fly pirate colors who's not willing to sell his friend, his sweetheart, or his mother. Crimson Pirate, RT : The problem is structural apathy. Institutions shut doors too quickly rarely do we foster radical thinking, Forget Happy Hour, it’s Gourmet Hour now, Nice to meet you as well, we are following back., “: Sneaking your seatbelt on s l o w l y when you see police.”, ANNA MESSAGE ME ON SKYPE ABOUT IT TMRW, Watching the craziness of in Allentown, PA. You got to see this!, your crazy if you don't see it, My 5 year old cousin comes in my house,sits on my bed and says "ohh man kindergarten in so exhausting we color so much my that my hand hurts, haha really? now I'm probably going to be saying phresh a lot thanks to you!(: haha follow me pretty please?(:, Just realized that Carlos from BTR is in an episode of Ned's Declassified. Omg. He was like 12, On way to HiHo Lounge for some BBQ & Mardi Gras Indian show. Gotta get home early. Gotta go 2 noon meeting. Rollin with it. Dustin it off, vegan it is!, don't we all., There are few things more important than tempo control (in favor of your team's strengths)., SO how is everyone I MISSED YOU GUYS!!!! <3, listening to online, one of the BEST female recording artist out there now. If you don't know about her, check her out..., What has two thumbs and is totally exhausted from a long day at work? THIS gu...z, Where do you live?, follow me back lol, WTH is up with the replay systems in GB & AZ?, how many more days do you have left for the no doing anything bet?, Please note that is not a user and insert our active account instead Thank you!!, Author and Maine Humorist, John McDonald, joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture Series tomorrow at noon! Free coffee & cookies too!, :' ( we are going to get meds... and if i can't sleep. might go to the ER., In the 1st half it looks like CP3 has singled out Randolph as the person he wants to tangle with., text me, There's 2 things you need to RT #Pink & Purple &, What a beautiful day in Baltimore to be a genius! How's that leftover turkey tasting this afternoon?, So what is that crazy moon doing tonight? Eclipsing?, You made my day (you know the cops were secretly hoping for ANY reason to bring Batman back to station), Hates sleeping alone...., Katz: Don't kid yourself. The impact of the recession may be cyclical - but structural changes are real, Inevitable I must do laundry...I have said it even written it down maybe now I will actually make it happen...Happiness is clean laundry!!!!, “If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it!” Jonathan Winters, got it. its great. you singing in it made it even better. you blended well. it was worth it. u done a great job with her., Just wondering what poseidon's plans are if San O power never comes back on?, The season is literally slipping through their fingers, Welcome 2 my #VINTAGE world ;0), LOL....see! Judging me!!! *frown*...you know I'm a sweetheart, Man the suns coming up already ]:<, Kind of cool, Google "zerg rush" and "tilt", is expected to get Moorea's temp past the 100's today. Expect her to get Moorea's TOPTIONAL summer going!, I can't wait to release the family! Sick bands and even a hip-hop artist., - Welcome! I have heard that Shen Yun is a great show! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist, Sorry I couldn't make it to the show, my parents decided to come to town last min. Hope it's going well., i really love this song :), A Nutty Bar sounds good right now.M!, Ask and you shall receive, seek and you will find, knock and the door will be opened. Matthew 7:7, Time for lunch!, happy birthday to the most beautiful woman in the world hope u enjoy it, Teach a man to fish; he learns a skill for life, Covering up my blonde., awww..I'm gonna come up to the shop real quick.., Now moms are pointing out my shirt to their children. YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME., Loco ur ok, Our town hall meeting in Ward 2 tonight is at 6:30 pm at Foundry United Methodist Church at 1500 16th Street NW., some people like to start shit, //I use that app frequently!, LMFAOOO i have stuck in my head now!, shoulda retired at the all star break last year, I better get to work NOW if I wana see Twist, MB, and Jacob!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>, Denise Armstead - dancer/choreographer, teaches horseback riding., I have nothing to say, but whatever I do say, you will see. Ta da!, Waking to my wife philosophizing., My cat just fell off his perch. There was a crash, followed by an irritated meow. Now he's glaring at the chair that betrayed him., I love Canada. Back again!, you don't reply to me because I'm from san antonio texas! That's why you never tour here either! Isn't it? :), Very busy in Vegas tonite!, Yo, you gotta learn how to sleep at the dentist's office. I get a nap in every time, just ask them to put that chair back., BREAKING #maitland shooting. Witness tells TV man was shot in the head by his girlfriend. Cops have gun drawn while looking for shooter., i cheered up my gf and made her day after the worst thing that can ever happen to her, oh boy sounds delic!!! How do you smoke your own bacon!?, It's Cinco de Mayo! Celebrate with $2 Cerveza !, RT : A woman's work is never done., One word?, #CampCharlie -in-exile reoccupies State House this evening! See you at 5 PM for the Grand Re-Occupation!, At Serb Hall to hear Vinehout, Barrett, Falk and LaFollette tell me why I should vote for them. Starts at 6:30!, i could listen to songs from the big chair every day for the rest of my life and still not have listened to it enough, Sad day for the #mets and all of baseball....will miss you Gary Carter, Okay. Thanks for letting me know. I haven't made the switch yet...I probably should..., What was that one?, When you put all your time effort and trust into something or someone and it ends up not working out., It's like you finally find what you're looking for, but it's too late., Yes indeed!, Cotto wins by k.o. in round 10 or 11, whatever I can play!, NICE You tell him, Tip off for the Warren vs Ft Bend Travis state semifinal is in 30 minutes. Watch the game on TWC ch 888. GO WARRIORS!!, 24 seconds left. Need a TD. And new cuticles., Be a person of impact today. Make a difference!, I feel myself getting stronger in the Lord and that gives me the strength to walk away from the things that arent good fro me., no worries! Thanks., Hey, Mass. friends, join me in asking to vote against the #Keystone pipeline? Thanks! RT if you agree!, Apparently this is the first day of fall, Quick lil workout and shower... Now off to the statehouse, “: I hate Mondays...mainly because they exist.”, “: If you lost it then it wasn't true love! Love doesn't leave, it stands, fights, and grows stronger!”, Hair done, lashes done, everything done, Lunch. Question mark., Feel better Dominic so that you and Lauren can get out dancing soon!, Just unpacked a new Asus Transformer Prime running Ice Cream Sandwich. Wow., So, if Romney didn't care he was gay why capitulate to the Religious Right? Maybe because they really did care he was gay..., ready for album No. 8 babe! ;), #GreatestAlbumsOfAlltime Whitney Houston (self-titled) 1985 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>, why are u playing Kan Jam in the rain????? And congrats at the same time., Who the fuck is knocking, That tripped out moment when your thinking about someone and then they text you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>, Reis is actually only worth 4 points on its own, The Goodwill trailer flipped and spilled junk all the way across the interstate. Scary., #marchmadness one of best days of the year today! to all my Americans, enjoy some #beer and #basketball for me. in Europe: no #NCAA on TV, “ But I aint no sore loser I'm a just shake dat off nd put it behind me”, ronnie francis was the,man that year 2..., Looking for your next BIG challenge? Are you a Dev. Manager, Sr. Dev. Manager, Dir. of Dev.? Then I have that next BIG challenge for you. …, Some people just will not change and that is terrible., God I'm so poor. Does anyone want to buy my soul? I also accept donations., #WeWontWorkoutIf You don't make me laugh, 1. Digital Consumers: goo.gl/Z9ht2, why thank ya!, i thought u ced u waz gon follow us not a shout out?, It's amazing how fast time flies, 233 days ago retweeted me on twitter. <3, Have a good time watching the ponies! Good luck!, just checked out the Brickhouse kettle bell youtube work out. Love me some Kettle Bells!, is this a joke?, what day would we goo onn?, yah like what, Thinking bout whts finna go down in this kitchen when I get home, Just sleep it out., not in the eye., standard deviation, p-value, r^2, and regression analysis are starting to make a little more sense., - the Mister GoLightly next on the menu - - - just waiting to select the proper spirits (wink-wink), #20ThingsAboutMe i love to help people, POP COLLAR, Attorneys: Do you know where your REFERRALS are coming?, Strategy, market and brand development call me!, I miss my bestfriend. :(, NO WAY!!! I thought it was just a visit.. IM SO EXCITED! <3 what school are you gonna go to??, This is surreal!!!!, yum!! I want some !!! I'm already stuck with HW<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>last 5 classes.3 state tests&internship deadlines, HAHAHA I wasn't but I really should…, Happy birthday fellow Pisces., Condolences to the family of, Dear Steven Tyler: you're a rock LEGEND. Why're you in a BK commercial? You're better than this. Walk this way-away from the greasy adverts., I never set the radio alarm, I brought my own little travel clock! Consider yourself GHOSTPUNK'D!, Lost Dog Name Not Given - $500 Reward Name Not Given the Labrador Retriever is lost in Markesan, WI., Working with some of the guys from again this weekend! Should be amazing!, An arm full of books!, When somebody says they had no choice,they're lying people always have a choice.They just chose to take the easy way out..<3, my graduation cap looks dumb, Thanks for the memorable comm. speech Brandon! I enjoyed the space references. Students will def listen to it again., Think Perk might take a shot at MWP if the teams face off in the semi's?, today's plan: don't stare and stare and stare at kelly kapowski if her kid is at music class., yeah, they will. Im on the committee. Will find out whats going on with that and get back to you. :), If you could pimp one idea from today, what would it be?, Dakota have fought back and have cut the Jam's lead to 4.. 19-15, Happy Fathers Day!!! Enjoy it to the fullest, Have done many - trend following on 1D, day trading, a bit scalping (~10 pips). Now mostly swings and gap trading on Sunday, I still have feelings for you. And no matter how many times I tell myself that I'm better off without you, a part of me just won't let go., Alright so apparently tonight is let's make Serena feel bad night. Would anyone else like to add to it?, Picking up my cap & gown today x), I see a few with potential!, As lame as it is to tweet something that everyone else has already tweeted, the Make #Kony #Famous campaign really is history in the making., My biggest issues w/ Wayne, SB400 (more importantly taking responsibility) & not supporting Megans Law (before it was Megans Law), I should get every Friday off., Let him know sent you ! And i'll give you a shout ou t, Looking forward to the golden nuggets, His name is and no, no one would prefer him. RT “: would you prefer the Robot on #fox?”, The standing up thing really starts to bother me., we got proof ! client and title available on req. check 4 ya self, Ready for #SWE leadership dinner. Ready to celebrate our success followed by ice cream social at #WE11. Thanks to our leaders, Hola mis amigos! How are ya doing? Revving up for trivia hopefully! We're playing this afternoon. You could win a $10 #SUBWAY gift card!, i know who wouldn't, i think people should do it more often. Like a hobby. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3, Gotta C in Human Geo. . Smh. Idgaf no more., Your right about the Bucks trade, the more I find out the better it seems., How did I stop listening to underoath, Norma Jean and alexisonfire .. Fuck bad break ups musics forever, Thank you sir! #ff to Robert!, Good, now that we know Mike Daisey is a lying dick everything's fine at the Apple factories, right? O, new iPad!, QTM closing at the high of day target set at 2.50, sportsfans: there's a reason you stay until the game is over. Anyone watching the 9th inning?, is loveing her new boyfriend to death <3 he makes me feel happy agian =), I gotta make it my family deserves da better things in life. U KNO IT'S RICH!!!, Oh so you took 20 minutes to text me back? K,cool I'll take 30., true, but i gotta get shit done, wOOt!! Welcome to twitter You couldn't let ur wife be cooler then u, huh? Can u tweet from the back of a bull?, #NW: y did i get married?===>Tyler Perry can't get mad without that Madea comin out, Interested in Latin America--#FF #LASA2012 for info on Latin Am Studies Assn meeting coming up soon., "TheMelancoholic:he's pretty cool...for an old man. ;]" you are missing out on all the fun Listening now with, you make me happy :), Thanks for retweeting my show! :), He's not in my top 305. RT : Oh word? RT : Nelly is one of my top five rappers, That niggah Robert Griffin I with the Redskins now. He still my niggah though : ), Nothing worse than elevating to a new level and old folks keep viewing you as your old self! I think you better let 'em go!, what is call in day all about?, Marika our sound editor is on a roll. Sven's music is great, she says and by this time we should be complete. Talk about exciting!, Just killed my air show 5 mo months atl or San Antonio here I Kme yes sir turnt up doe, In the spirit of #musicmondays everyone FOLLOW music producer and sperantsa supporter!, how's the #annualwarehousesale going ?, we just had a 23.5 hour drive from Laredo to Chicago and your records were the only thing that kept us from gnawing limbs off., In painful ejaculation, during or immediately following ejaculation, there is a sharp or burning pain in the urethra., Naps that feel like it was only 5minutes when it was actually 2hours<<<<<<<<<<, Ed Walker kicking off to a packed house!, you know it : ), The Girlfriend: “Your butt is comfortable.”, alright man, what ever floats your boat. Lol!, I saw in Vegas last year. It's nothing new... he looks like Q., Stop attacking people for having differing opinions than yours, you're being equally oppressive., I hate the feeling of passing through the censors when I've stollen alot of shit., I dont believe anything I see on the interwebz. Its all about real life. I'm not talking about assets either, I mean the type of peson you r, If your a fan that's screaming 4 me and currently singing "Where Have You Been", get some rest. You guys are amazing, but you should sleep!!, You know what, I'll hold your hair all the way home., How many times does Nate McLouth have to hit before coaches and management catch on that he is done. Even his biggest fans know this now., do work son!, #Bachman's problem: She stopped being entertaining., Will you have Meet and Greets during #TheBTWBall in the U.S?, I'm Finna go cry in the bathroom, that is because you are awesome., Thank you!!, Gratitude is a vaccine, an antitoxin, and an antiseptic., Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products., Poor Hawking hope he can shake the Respiratory Infection!, . of calls Pearescope "Kind of normal-ish!", ohh and top 5 most likely to be the next, when you coming to the A?, There should be ZERO tolerance 4 bullying!! PLEASE make it a big deal!! It is not simply a matter of kids being kids. Teach LOVE! :), RT loves to go to the dentist -cause he hangs out in our when he's done right Biebs?, smh never fails... somebody ALWAYS says "i heard about ..........", Mater Dei was too much for St John Bosco tonite Reinhardt has USC second guess them selves he put on a clinic in the first qtr., I love me some Fred Hoiberg! Isn't that also the alma mater of one Paul Shirley?, I hope they loose, My book "Love Isn't Painful" by Shanita Johnson. is at Barnes and Noble or online at Amazon.com, foamposites already sold out?? are you getting more?, yeah you do !!!, you are missed already! hope you're having fun!, soon? “: Happy Hour tonight: $2 Belgian Frittes (excellent french fries) and $2 Heineken Drafts! 2-6pm!”, So for NYE got invites to party it up in LA with Party Rock at a mansion & then got asked to party it up in Vegas and yet I was thinking NY, Thank you and for the RTs!, thanks. Yeah, I figured it out. Eventually. Haha, I can't wait for school to be over!, Going to see the new transformers movie tomorrow night...woohoo!, ": Walking through penland in my pink slippers #thankyou ", Specyphi What you Believe......., I never thought about doing that, but I think I will have to try it, sounds quite tasty., From Parenthood?!, strongest in Python/Django (plus all the web languages; HTML/CSS/JS), regarding the last story about pot... I work at an airline. Funny watching people leave When custom dogs sniff MIA packages., We are, each of us, angels with only one wing, and we can only fly embracing each other., You're awesome, Thanks!! :0), Yes foreal, I'm done with his shit., Did you catch our founder on BET tonight???, Man, what happens when I miss a meeting..., #Knicks will evaluate Lin further later this week (The Associated Press): MIAMI (AP), Want another piece of pineapple, Lester Bagley was on with Dave Lee earlier. What did he say about a Vikings stadium? Find out at 9AM from, I don't care about rumors they don't hurt me because I'm stronger than them, do you know when the new seating will be ready?, OMFG don't stop is on the vampire diaries ah love them both, Pacers overheating, yellow flag coming out as miami goes flaming past them., UCSD. I'm in campus IT/ed tech now instead of the library, but there's overlap. u at CSUF?, Approx 1 hr until tip off...for all my #Hoosier friends and fans, you deserve this! Let's go #IU!, text me. iMessage. :], my brother got a dog from Leader Dogs, a black lab. Puppy Raisers are wonderful!, Will someone please tell the GOP Congress that it's Women's history month--today and every day women have rights., Thought you was talking about the pic I just posted My bad..., - Excited to hear more about DEMO Africa in October~!, D: Awe. I'll be your friend, Agree! Look how much better exterior of Neyland Stadium is now. Something def. needs to be done to TBA, too., It's at the Hillyer Art Space in Dupont, 6:30 - 9pm, I am so excited to join the world of TWEETS any advice?, Thanks for that!, My beer is too full., Be positively expectant about this day, and create a new opportunity for yourself-you have special talents and gifts that need to be shared…, Its my lucky daaaaayyyy(:, Yes we filled it. Why? Are you giving up on Uranus and moving to NY?, Thanks for the RT :), I will be producing "The Miser" at the brand new Lansdale Center For Performing Arts on March 26th & 27th and April 9th & 11th, Ben and Jerry now sell a "Bonnaroo Buzz" ice cream? I know what I'm devouring a pint of this evening., Feeling like J..."Can't be life... Gotta be more.... Can't be us, everybodys waiting for you to breakdown. everybodys watching to see the fallout., empathizing with fellow laid-off employees at my former employer, the University of Oklahoma Press., playing a sick Radiohead cover!!!, check my direct message to you :), did you drive that on a Sunday night?, Mandatory Homosexual Rant: I don't need to ruin the institution of marriage, that was done a LONG LONG time ago!, spent the day in the ER, Please hold hearing & vote on HR 2885. 7 million illegal aliens in non-ag jobs. 20 million Americans need job, Guess who is going to be a Real Housewife Grandma?? ! Her daughter, Briana is reportedly pregnant!, The caffeind is enjoying a particularly sunny day. "The future's so bright, I gotta wear shades." ;=), nice to tweet you Lisa! Happy Wednesday! :), Actually understand my math homework..... O__0, feel better soon and be careful!!, Great day to stop in for a craft cocktail! Tours at 2pm and 4pm!, Wth...I kinda like candy mafia, 2 my fam Thanks for ur donation #SEIPDX u guys r awesome!, thanks everyone for coming out tonight---too many of you to thank! the austin social media and entrepreneur community rocks! we <3 you, yes they are, We'll be spinning Arcade Fire's Funeral as guests arrive on Saturday, but as always the vinyl collection and turntable is just a jukebox., perhaps you should acquire them first!, Dom Kennedy thought of me when it was made..... besides the drug parts =/, "How's this? Think you can do it now?", No! I can't watch during the day. Bo! :(, MySQL Now Has Two User Conferences, Dear ... when are you going to get rid of these horrible #MNF announcers?? I would appreciate it, as I am watching the game on mute.., that one friend that can make everything better just by the way they talk, Just nicely polished off some Broncha from Achadinha Cheese Co. So sad it's all gone! Major yum, get you some!, Only 16 days until we draw a winner! Where would you spend your $100 Visa card? Maybe at Easton Town Center?, oh yeah definetly :D, You should change it to JainieNoFresca...or your real name...JainieMae LMAO, Of course it's real... it's on the internet, isn't it? (Okay, so maybe it's fake.), I recently used Regus in Tampa to hold a meeting with out of town participants. I was really impressed, very professional & top notch., Thanks to all the #educators who came to the session Friday @ the #CLS Conference in Monterey, CA!, Woke up early but I am praising God for giving me another day!, I am so ready for the weekend. Already. Seriously. I foresee I pitcher (or 2) or margaritas with my name on it/them. Yep yep yep., I'm not even a professional yet and I have the same experience. There are only a handful of thought-provoking writers, IMO., see a trend here? somebody please show me a #civilliberty that is still in tact...please., I need a real vaca like to islands. I need some major time alone to think breath relax and let everything go, Hannah's hot, Been using it 4 years. Try heating it up a bit w/ your hair dryer. It then acts like a curling iron & gives you even more curl., Emailed u...not sure if u got it...what's the good word??, This sounds more autotoned then t-pain lmao ., It was Santa!!! Hehe, hey brother i am so excited for this year! Lets tear it up!, What a proud day for you. Congrats!, Dude!! Cyndi Lauper just walked by me in Union Station! #childof80s!, Hahaha ok thx, deal. that would be funny haha, Welp I guess "casually going out" turned into a party... why does this always happen to me?, thanks so much! We are honored!, which question?, beautiful pics...Awww I wanna have love like this 1day!!! Awesome!!, #Takeabreath. Rainy day - great day to rest and read. It's great for your mind and body., 4:54 Fran time a PR As Rx, am coughing now, I plan on Tebowing for Jim the moment I see him next., Lovelock on Global Warming - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog), Such a boring night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>, Thank you! :), Can I see down, Woody Paige's chalkboard says TEIAM PLAYER. That's halarious!, My 20's = a learning curve. My 30's = got myself together...somewhat. My 40's = ? Countdown to the big 4-0 tomorrow!, Don't tell nobody, just keep it on the low. Not your bestfriend, not your cousin, nobody's gotta know., If indiana had a beach....it still wouldn't be as cool as california or florida, ": Achondroplasiaphobia is the fear of little people." I've got this!, #firsttimeimet Wait, do dreams count?, Just booked the final Redfish trip of 2011. Staying at The Dunes in Port Aransas & going with redfish guide Gary Cooper. Can't wait!!, You're welcome babe! & i don't think it true ! i mean the rumor !!, it's crazy how people i'm not even following retweet me., Dance with the Devil. I forgot how absolutely insane that song was., It was great speaking to you today., oh i see how it is, Good morning, #Portland!, Museums: what precautionary steps are you taking to prevent damage caused by Hurricane Irene?, love you too. id very much love a catch up as well!, My sisters water just broke!!!!!!! Omg yay my nephew is going to be born, Does a tweet suffice for a happy birthday to from her brother?, Really bookstore? You only have one Tshirt style for but offer 4 coffee mug styles?, Wanna know how to lose weight? Get sick for 2 days from stomach problems and lose 5+ lbs., simply amazing you can't support taxing a product that's designed to kill, impose intolerable suffering & reduce healthcare cost, No don't say things like that. lol, Our End of Year Jewelry Clearance SALE is going on now. Save 40% more on select jewelry., Wonder if many museums assume teens aren't interested in the first place. As a teen in suburbia, I wasn't aware/interested :(, actually the best gift you could have given her is a lifetime of adventure., I can only imagine the challenges we will get if people continue to get confused. Note to teens: your teachers didn't assign erotica, No not Matt, Yes what on earth ARE we going to do with all these unhidden collections?, ...and what the fuck is "Art Chicago", Wisconsin and Marquette both play Thursday. Looks like I'll be watching basketball all day. I mean, I was going to anyway, but still..., u tryna share some of that lol, I'm not just some girl that you can sway,, Though that Cruz play, was just dumb football on his part. Just stay down. Similar to Kolb not falling on his fumble., hahahahhaa this account is awesome, #ronpaul Can win! Watching the Debate Tonight! Big fundraiser for him tomorrow!, If you're the Clippers would you consider sitting CP3 tonite so you have a heatlhy star in gm 7 or take your chances tonite?, Fish fry Friday everyone!!! Come down and enjoy this beautiful weather on our awesome patio!!, swag 25,000th tweets give me a s/o!!!, Great sesh at baytown skatepark, i smoked with a cutie, but she wouldnt give me her number cause shes 18 haha, Thanks for recommending on #Spotify. Good tunes., ": I want a glass of wine so badly but I know I'll end up drinking the whole bottle. #dilemma" same, except I'm fine with that, 'Gas planet' lol, Philly? You at Relays?, CAPS win! CAPS win!, yeah. I guess you can say im a badass. But not really, not until im deployed., YES! RT Some artists create every day. Some don’t. Be you., No matter what guys should not wear anklets unless required by law, Wilderness bound with all my faves for some serious fun in, Gel shellac manicure & pedicure $38. Pearl location. 5032244099. ;-), I keep my cute dp's for my personal account, you should go follow it! ;) () <3, I wish they would make a coffee maker that wouldn't start until I had my cup under it. Not like I had my coffee yet., they probably just like us because we're really nice people! :D, Brain Greene #physicist explained string theory in a way I finally almost understood., Thanks for making me laugh, too!, The fountain of youth must be in San Antonio #Spurs are scary good, This account will be silent indefinitely in 24 hours in solidarity with workers all over the world. They should have expected us., at this point in the season, everyone is. I hear you, but only 8 points?, #Back to back to back...., : anyone know what kind of watches were given to the boys of '62?, RT : Best quote of trip: "'Help yourself to the free pickle bar' may be the best thing anybody's ever said to me." - Roger Sagal., If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it. - Jonathan Winters, Attempt at dying my hair. Didn't work<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, YES! Sleepover muchachas! ;D, #rollcallnyy a. Palm Bay, FL b. gave me 1/2 day off so i could watch it (and he's a red sox fan lol) c. sure, CHANGE. YOUR. PLANS. ;-), you mean in terms of dreads right?, A2: Definitely more.! Napster kind of made digital "lending" commonplace..., Couple cats on my TL that I can #TwitterTrap erry time w/ Laker slander...it's enjoyable, yea u go ahead n try LOL NF STAND 4 NOW FOLLOWING YO BIG HEAD ASS LMAO, going to see my grandma .., I saw a bunch of commercials for that this weekend. I'll have to try it. I use Almay's Smart Shade now., It's only funny now because he came runnin back ...as they all do. ;), aw and you will always be beautiful !!!!! .....and annoying :), "No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.", She played the strongest game !, Ha! I think a lot of folks are surprised....how are you my friend? Counting down :), so... (that's all you need to make an otherwise uneventful statement a joke, right?) so..., Have a very happy "Happy Birthday" Jake!, My son started walking at 8 months and he's been going ever since., #SongsIKnowOffByHeart appetite for destruction! Yeah I know, it's an album, you figure it out..., RT : Q5 I can imagine a time when someone will want to preserve an ebook because of its beauty+ such but were not there yet, Working on Gossip Girl today., Thanks Beau! Happy, Officially a teen. Yeah buddy!, they're goin to have a pic later, #BadBoys4Life RT : haha! I seem to find them without having to call., Omg this is so awkward im sittin here with all these old ppl talkin bout sex, Do good, feel good; feel good, do good., Fly safe, and enjoy our city!, I love urban decay, Are you ready to get thinner than ever?, Yes, it does., thank you, Ask your local bartender for an Arrogant Bastard Ale, it's fitting for those who have a case of the Mondays!, HEY! We all went to bed because you said lights out! :), miss you kinda, Pearl District smells like a campfire., This phrase has been on my mind for days now... "If not now, when.... If not you, who?" Thx, #Team - I really do all this work by friday to graduate., lookin' good Mat and fan! Go get'm today!, Helping others win is a win-win proposition., Figures, the one time I want to eat late at night---nothing is open., For pizza, yes. The first bite, though...I never know quite how the first bite's gonna go. And so, silver :), Keep on keeping on, young man. You have a lot of people that are cheering you on. Be sucessful., love #RealTime but #WhereAreTheWomen? Not discrediting panelists, but your show needs more female voices, Thanks for the RT!, lol I still look 20, I was saying that cause time go by fast & waits for noone, RT : Im in love with #bartab and its amazing $1 #drinks!!, Just realized I haven't eaten at all today, watching reunion show & you really outta stop. You hate on everything anyone says positive about their life., hell u up to nigga, Make sure you get my copy of Finding Nemo and Wall E, #GreatestAlbumsofAllTime American Idiot, by Green Day, I'm sick of motherfuckers trying to tell me that they're down with Prince., “Mathematics is a creation of human mind, concerned primarily with ideas, processes, and reasoning” -Johnson and Rising, Hope it all went well. And has been treating me well too., Aaahhhh no. Ah right., Stated/Stated Loans are back in Nassau, Suffolk, Queens, Bronx and New Jersey.Rates starting at 3.875%. Please call 646.543.5313 for details, Class cancelled again boo yeah mothafuckaaaa!!!, thank you rahega :), me after a good night lol, The One That Got Away played on the radio today & I automatically thought of dancing to it:), Duderstadt calls for a “differentiated system of higher education.”, Urge is - "I have to get onto #Pinterest!" says But, is our audience there and do I have visuals?, I was just two blocks from at the same time. We were potentially passerbys., hahahahaha, she makes me laugh;-), I have a follower! Thanks !!, Hate doing weekend chores<<<<<, my darling...I would follow you anywhere..even if its only to spoon, Governor Dayton says bonding bill is about putting Minnesotans to work. Most in private sector, Every time I hear the word precious. I think of the lord of the rings lol, I feel it now man glad we are both still breathing, you guys sounded great yesterday! Thanks for coming out to support the cause!, Sure thing! :), What's the last Good Movie you saw that you would recommend?, My mom's phone is possessed., I am not surprised. I will wait to hear your side of the story. Ha!, RT : Like 's official facebook page << She's 's hair stylist xoxoxo, aloha zach, any chance of getting you on tomorrow at 9:20 pm et? we wanna talk NBA playoffs with you..please lmk, yeah huge idiot regardless, Miami Heat are now 2 games (1 loss column) behind Bulls for #1 seed in East after 98-93 win over Thunder. Miami will face Bulls next Thurs., Honk if you retweet!, Happy Birthday to my friend Aruther and to my beautiful niece Marla love you :-), good job!, It would have been different if really thought Rachel deserved to go home....but she didn't., Oh I know. But in both senses he's still wrong., And it looked like the golfer wanted us to get off the field!, Moss and Johnson score 0 pts. What in the world is going on here?, #Gingrich excited by developing #hologram technology; has finally figured out how he'll actually debate, Thanks! That made my day! :), Going to school. Gnna wear my teeshirt! :P, I did the AIDS walk houston and almost lost my life, Meryl Streep looks so young and beautiful in 1982's "Still of the Night.", 500 - tell a friend to visit our Facebook page helping us to reach 500! Thank you, Almost all my clinical trial QA audits have resulted in observations. This is not a good sign for drug & device trial managers. To much work, Don't expect me to treat you like an adult if you're not going to act like one., #kill dem #shidz I'm, Thanks for raising your hands and on open peer review participation - others out there?, please, please, please! I'd be so happy, let's try to meet early next week, We don't believe in #THINspiration, we believe in #FITspiration- who's yours?, Touring WVU Hospital & University Health Associates facilities this afternoon. Bobby Nelson radio show WRVC in Huntington at 3:10 pm then..., #vindiesel is still yoked., There is no friend as loyal as a book, #pathic when people start following you for a follow back then they unfollow you until u notice there sneaky game., u could tell me and u could call ur mom and ask o.o like now, thanks for the follow, lovely! xox, “: I am having the worst luck today. #fml” LOL awkward moments at the movie theatre, I have 2 cookies and a half sandwich thanks to Now I need my CMS to remember that for me., haha yeah love it puttin their foot down!, Manager moving to sunny Florida, sad but excited for her. And it is beautiful outside!!!, also thinking Hartford! Maybe for the half!, Is it weird that upon finishing a book on my Kindle, I want to buy a hard copy & stick it on my shelf?, The renaming of iCal to Calendar and Address Book to Contacts in OS X 10.8 gives me hope that a simplified, iOS-style Music app may be next., Brasil makes better jets than Canada. In always more comfortable on Embraer Jets than CRJs., Had a ice coffee for the 1st time by myself wednesday & i couldnt take it.. Too much caffeine for me, Excellent suggestion! (And yes, Bourdain was pretty weak last night. Disappointing...), Thanks for the follow. One can't have too much slime., I'm allowed out starting this weekend.want to have a sleepover friday night since we have the cheer clinic in the morning?, I love u! Been awesome to me!, Up early because harmony won't let me sleep, FUMBLE!!! FUMBLE!!! #Steelers!, : are yours?, More emails?! Jackpot! #signmeup “: RT : Coming your way: The best of Twitter in your inbox, via our new email digest”, Hashem I wish one of the was here in #Hillcrest right now - I'm STARVING!, RT : RT : Breaking: Massachusetts #unemployment drops to 6.5% in March. State added 8,700 jobs last month., Boot camp with Kirsten at 7am tomorrow. Thinking I want to take the bike out for a ride too...., Pub Lunch says it's a slow news day, "but not so quiet that we're going to be baited into saying anything about Waterstones and apostrophes", Whatever name you know it as, the results are the same: beautifully, smooth shiny hair, Thanks for the Info - I appreciate it., I am a skitsofrenic creative. Dov Charney. American apparel .Made in America success stories, Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there - you - we! - are wonderful! ;), Tonight I'm back at Nickleby's Lounge (1947 W. Market - behind CVS) in #Akron for some more fun!, I think that's all that matters ;-), Mushrooms are so freaking nasty, Congrats Erin!, great to see you yesterday! Travel safe!, Minnesota House committee votes down the Vikings stadium proposal. Major setback for team's bid to build new stadium. Down, but not dead., watching poker after dark... and it sounds like you really dislike matusow lol, You have #Trojan bookends!! #FightOn !! Perry's solid.. great athlete and real football player., I'm still at work but we close at 10 on sundays!, that's what one would think. But stranger things have happened,, You drank it all! Now we have Stygian Darkness on tap. Darker and Belgian but still delicious and still 9%!, so, sportsworld has 2 of the most heralded icons garnering headlines past few days, Lol, fuck my hair. It looks exactly that same., all the way!, Gr8 old-school hang tonight at Archeojazz Fest in France!The gig was fun and the partying was too...hard to keep up with Kirk Lightsey,LOL!, this is why I do this..he created/mastered hip hop production via live instruments and program drum machines..know your history, Thinking about Halloween, in the past I grudgingly gave candy to adults w/o kids. Thinking I won't even offer candy this year., Hey, do you think if a random Asian showed up to Orioles Fanfest pretending to be Wada or Chen, would anyone even notice?, Don't close your Heart because, of past hurts. -Open your Heart because, there's a love out there waiting just for you., you think so?? Wait until you see me :P, Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 39, depends on where in Lakewood but either southglenn @ arapahoe and university or downtown at Larimer and Park Ave. see u soon!, Lost two followers...O WELL, it was fun being your bodyguard today haha., excellent question., Another time for sure!, Tweeting from hackathons and #SWMadison is hard for me... I jump into the weeds for the span of event, soak it in and then come up for air., Well apparently you don't :), This Saturday is going to be far from good (: Cinco de mayo , quince party , fireworks , sleep over & shuffling seshh . <3, he'd have to change his wardrobe lol, Someone needs to fire that idiot with the bow tie. What a fucking embarrassment., : "something smells good.." -sniffs me- "it's you.", Millennium Laboratories Commends Florida&#39;s Governor Scott For Strengthening Regulation of Clinical Laboratories, Merry Christmas to for sending all those care packages to our troops., Die Die Dayenu., Thanks! Love your blog!, Thanks -not interesting enough for boys?, RIP Donna Summer :(, I spent 1 hour Bowling. 223 calories burned., I know... but it's just so disappointing he didn't even try for it. Keep up the good work! Enjoy your show!, Just starting first season of #Sherlock, so I'm trying to watch as slowly as possible. Which is not easy, as I'm sure you know!, climbin the White House! And its all on me, YOOOO Pawl I was Sleep Hit My Phone Back.... Im up Now...U KIDDIN ME?, Happened to me yesterday, except I forgot a sports bra. It was the perfect excuse to ditch the gym., Korean Mexican fusion craze works both ways. Many TexMex spots in #Seoul & even Starbucks has chicken burritos, I could watch videos of our National Championship dogpile all day, When people give you unnecessary attitude -- yeah, you're cool., Geek Quiz: tonights catagories. Punches and Kicks - "Real Hybrid Animals, or something we made up""Back-Up Singers" "Classic Round" 8p start, still didn't get my moombahswag. I want to rock that old school shirt with the cursive "Moombahton". Great show last night!, I think I may need a haircut., you were a great addition to our staff! Your energy & enthusiasm will be missed. :), people actually recogise me by my name siscy :), Got myself a Wookie Cookie today. May the 4th be with you!, Slowly getting back to a regular routine. Baby steps. Hope sxsw was wonderful! Any yoga out there??, Join us at Sky Lounge on 2nd. St, & Washington for Friday Passion Latin Night!!!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top., because they're "bad bitches" aka bitches doing bad, close to the lowest female life form, next to jersey chasers, what time, oh I bet!!!!! I'm I'm west anchorage! RIGHT by the epicenter!!! Scary!, Then I was referred to Car Crafters. The people there were so understanding and caring., Sorry,I keep replying if you want me to stop talking just say so,okay? Lol :D, Some good training happening here, Reading Cameron Stauth's "The Franchise" and chuckled at a cameo appearance by "Portland columnist David Kahn.", love the work you're doing!, We have a new server ready - vpn-mf11 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now., hell yahh giants!!, listening to Miss Money Mae's sample from SOBs, you production is crazy!! Love it!, CRACKED MY FRENCH, WOO, about as good as lecture could ever be..., I wonder when will try his best to debate with me more about the importance of the words we use?, #kids Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids: Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids from Monday, May 14, 2012 at 11:00 AM to Monday, May 14, 2012 at..., Brunch at the Hilton Del Mar before driving up to Culver City, My first #bloggiesta too. Working on mini-challenges today and having fun!, #OpeningDay Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets..., Thanks Brian!, hahahah justin bieber, let's see, Im alergic to the sun, To speak to human resources about your COBRA benefits... please press 1. To key your boss's car... please press 2..., Just found $5000 for a business here at the GMCC Biz Expo! Stop by and see if you have money!, That;s how I feel about twitter. Don't actually know anyone. I've met all my facebook friends., When buying a home there will be other expenses to consider, like what tools will be needed to maintain your lawn, San Benito converts but Roger Garcia steps in front of the 1st down pass to pick it off to probably win it for United, 1:09 left, * 1-2 years experience in a localization centric role, preferably as part of a QA team, Couldn't sleep, its time for the Gronk soon !!, Google+ kind of awesome! It probably won't be nearly as much fun once everyone else can use it though., Also, Friday the 13th., Well rounded x, It is from Flickr site. They seem like nice people who like to share., Luc Lac kitchen. Love his place! Tai Iced tea is dope and the chicken skewers are killin it., Hello, Chicago!, Whitney Houston’s Daughter Bobbi Kristina Rushed to the Hospital After Having a “Complete Breakdwon” -, I got to pee xDDDDDDDD jkjk, Home Quote of the Day Topics Authors Quiz Words Professions Birthdays, Keep Brisket Bob!, If you support #UET youre supporting young, dedicated artist who make good music!!!, If you leave without a reason , don't come back w/ an excuse . !, we just walked by the soup cellar!, Pretty sure my mom just said yes to the road trip!, For the record, you guys are twins. Matching t-shirts, matching projects, and matching lack of shoes...?, RT Not lookin like ima get to workout today....ain't planet fitness 24hrs right??, Four day weekend for me!, #TopOfTheMorning #WorkHouseFlow my nigga. It might not be that fast $ a mf use to, but u best believe I dnt have to worry bout Tha drought.., It is not unreasonable for someone to want to have a little something to eat or something to drink before going home. [1945], I just read the funniest letter ever haha, I'm not with the band, I am the band!, Schiphol! Just flew from there last Wednesday., It was great seeing you today. I wish you were still there like you were back in the day., "Mao's Last Dancer" is gripping--I couldn't stop thinking about it for days after watching. BTW, congrats on a fabulous ArtScape!, Yung KING 'We Do This' Mixtape drops June 21st, C and i were just on the jumbotron. Go b's!, A problem in my geometry book starts: "A lead box for vials of plutonium..." What happened to equations with apples and watermelons?, According to lottery officials, there is a 90% chance that there will be a winner in tonight's Mega Millions drawing., I wanna go to broncos training camp this summer, for, Since I didn't give u guys a good and long enough chapter today. I'm going to write another chapter (: Thanks Topeople that read it <3, Its hard to dance with the devil on your back, so shake him off, Thanks Anna! It was good to see you as always!, Happy birthday to the home girl :), alright I pitched one over!, April 25, 1999 - A monument in honor of Joe DiMaggio is unveiled at Yankee Stadium., i just need 42 more followers! :D HELP ME?!?!???, Absolutely. “: Allow teams to ease into metrics based on social maturity - good tip to remember from #m2c”, go fishing, sushi is good, wondering if you like it?, oh my gosh. only 200 more?! this is crazy! you've come so far!(:, Holy fat grams! I have discovered the most amazing (and most expensive) Deep Dish Pizza in Philly! Garces Trading Company, baby!, The #futad event has live tweeing tonight! Just use the hash tag., glad if it's true..no 7 hae been missing on the field.., Christmas is a time when you get homesick - even when you're home. ~ Carol Nelson, How's my second fav team doing man y'all all r some crazy fuckaroos lol from Kickapoo lol funny shit, "Don't you wanna dance, say you wanna dance, don't you wanna dance. Oh I wanna dance with somebody.", I love you. ": And spell better "than" you, you fucking moron. ": most of them still act better then you."", I know you're a skank that's why you're pregnant, but you're still acting like a skank while there's a life inside of you. You need help., I love you all can someone give me a shootout, I am not wearing vans today.yerr a LIAR!, We told JT we'd love to take him to Costa Rica to see the butterfly gardens. He says, "Well... is there anything else to do there?", I have no doubt. :), i have some #ideas that i need to share with yoo ;D when ur available just tweet back nigg.. ;D, isn't a user.., we're you in 7th period with me!?, Haha. You never learn. You'll be in sit for the rest of freshman year.., “: You have a black Sharpie & are currently writing the story of yr life in permanent ink.Choose to fill the pages w/grace&love.”, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!, good point., 1st person on a 1 p.m. conference call. Should the organizer be 1st? Should I start singing into an empty conference bridge?, s/o to all my new followers! RT your friends and have them follow me and my artists!, Staying focused avoiding distractions and unnecessary drama, Andrew Saxon Bell, Even with this months rally we are still very much ahead on our short side. In the next correction these positions will be crushed., I'm too selfish and about my own life to be worrying about other people and they shit right now, Colorado, no question. We did direct tv internet 15 mi from the nearest paved road, deep in Pike Nat. Forest for 6 mos., My 500 tweet. Man, I waste a lot of time on tweeter, Went to the UFL Mountain Lion scrimmage tonight to watch Scott play. It's crazy but cool to see him running around the field again., loners and hoes seeking for attention, What's up Twitter and Facebook its super big daddy in house rep n heavy d buff respect and all big people, Minority Report, with statistics instead of psychics., We played like we wanted the W so much hard way has payed off., whats up bro?, Nashville, TN- Need females for gothic style shoot. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1), heeyyy someone tweeted to tell u whats ur number she wants it nd its not me, I'm hooked on LudoBits , but beyond food, Ludo's wife Krissy is a master social media marketer booking solid restaurants in 5 days or less, BE Satisfied in EVERYthing YOU are currently experirencing RIGHT NOW! Trust his: YOU"ll get to where you want QUICKER, Can't stand still. Gotta pee so bad. Can't move., I miss the days when Shannan would bring in a FA and not let them leave until they signed with the Broncos..., bored on the late shift?, You're 14. Stop taking pictures of you thinking your sexy & captioning it "I don't like this dress, what do you guys think?" -.-, All of this could have been the norm circa. 2007 re. #ODBC & #LinkedData bar misconception that: "folks know it works!" They don't., You Pervert Again JK, hahaha found old blunts in my ouija board game box..., How's everyone's weekend going? I got the potato salad done and working on some peach cobbler!, Oklahoma: University Oklahoma Sweatshirt, Serious research questions this morning! YAY! Using the extensively., Arsvitis by Moselland is in, we have a holiday scene and winter scene filled with tasty Riesling., i thought all of the iconic boyz were gonna use the same account..., woke up , and my phone dry af ., That's certainly very snazzy!, if happy ever afters did existt., I prefer having a relationship with a virgin because I can teach them how to do everything right, where as sluts pick up bad habits, & STDs., im back wit my girl lmao i dont have no girl and my phone off, i freaking love you. :), :( I was more of a Sendak fan as an adult, but children's lit has never been the same since him, whoops, totally didn't write it correctly on my phone..., Oh god here we go overtime or a bulls win. I don't like this situation., sweet. Thanks!, that sounds a lot more exciting than our battle against construction and one-ways through campus!, Can't wait for #sharkweek!, I hate MCLA schedule releases because they are not professional and cyclical pieces (like NCAA) and more often attention grabs, he hates me cause i called him gay -_-, I'm always myself even around the guy I like. And he likes me for me. Not someone Else, Damn. Everytime I come to work early. Something breaks. CPATHS are not linking with my code. Guess I will surf the net until my team come., hah actually that's me. Surprised it garnered so much attention., RT : Wrongkind niggas are the taste makers for the banger's.flyest drive bye shooters u ever seen!, The youth is sick, I'm leaving to go around 11-, There may be more defense being played at Oscars than NBA All-Star Game., I'll have to google it, if it was Durbin then I'm sure it was awesome! (), I miss u too, I have been plotting that reverse kidnapping thing for a bit. My ransom is too high., Nothing great was ever achieved except by those who dared believe something inside of them was superior to circumstance. ~B. Barton, HAPPY (Belated) NEW YEAR !!!!! :D, made me so happy but now back 2 depressed nd cutting thanks t megan, Rain, rain, go away <U+2614>, Wishing I had made it to SXSW this year., #FF to the #SanDiego news stations we love to watch:, Wish someone would stop calling me names, with the fam, hoping my bro feels Betta soon!, Fun night at #campsambica w/ #eoseattle peeps. They took the dine-around to a new level., Uh oh. RT : St. Louis Athletica of WPS women's soccer league shuts down in mid-season. 2nd WPS team to fold this year., Our wings - now 50% bigger!So basically you're getting 1.5 wings for price of 1.And you don't have to be a math wizard – that's a good deal., Melissa needs to chill!, Niggas acting dirty, I liked the weather in San Francisco better, but very glad to be here., nah I didn't get a count down txt <U+E403>, Like how if Raimi hadn't made Spider-Man and Singer hadn't made X-Men (or if lesser directors had), we wouldn't have Avengers now., follow me <3, Your blank tweet is awefully wordy., Anna thanks for the RT, can't wait to hang out and get my tan on with my sissy after walk for life (:, I Think Your Mouth Should Be Quiet Cause It Never Tells The Truth, he cooks?! Why hasn't he cooked here?!? Darn it Kurt!!, Looking for "evil uses" of #SNA ... Is this an urban myth? Colombian drug lords use #SNA to find "snitches"? Any citations appreciated!, Spa week is still going on at JAMACHI SPA. CALL 301.585.0888 & Ask for Trina, Maku or Barbara, and I in automotive section of #walmart = disaster., Well then they are going to have to feature me too. I can't stop watching. You show the lady eating the fabric softener, right?, I need to work on that cause i cant be heart broken, And cold, it's always cold here, can't wait to see season 2!, Are you enjoying your time in Missouri?! Miss seeing you! :), I wish I lived close to you ladies :) You have to come to Chicago soon!, Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube, Thats whats up!!! HELP!!! us gain more fans tell some friends, Wizards won, Caps lost. What's wrong with that picture? :/, Absolutely horrific. I'd be praising God for sparing me, but where would you start?, If you think Chelsea Handler is funny then your name must be Chelsea Handler., Do I even wanna read this manga? I already spoiled the ending.... -_______-, RT'd a dick onto my timeline and I'm OK with it, Don't hate on the next man. Make yourself better!, What's the point of taking public city transportation if the trip also involves thirty minutes of walking? Sigh., :) Birthday Girl, you are so cool and hip! Good luck on your next album, Lauryn, Nice one, thanks., No bug at all... spending too long at the computer, the solution was right in front of me. Code does things to you... fixed, The Mega Millions jackpot is now $540 million. The largest jackpot ever!, resolution Consume more omega-3 fatty acids from fish oils and plant sources., Don't want to reinvent the wheel if I don't have to: Any librarians out there have posters comparing titles I can borrow? If you like...try, Your amazing<3 And you won't tweet me back so there's no point of me tweeting you :(, Phones dying, ill post pix and chat later! Peace! <33, Thanks for the inclusion Anelisa! Keep up the amazing work everyone., “: Never let a fool kiss you. Or a kiss fool you.”, Looking for the magic bullet - targeted traffic..., A Chef's kitchen is an organizational dream, with places for every tool & appliance. Improve the functionality in your #kitchen ., I never followed him to start with. I wait till they commit...lol, #MessageToMyHaters I just want you to know, I'm doing so god :), This is getting more and more real., I am hiring for a Senior Recruiter for our Milwaukee, WI office. Please call me 608-827-8882! If you know of anyone, please let me know. #j…, nice to meet you, "HEY! you know that kid that sells X?!" -, Hello awesome friend!, loss of my respect NP!!, let the ignorance begin... i'm actually watching #BBW when it premiers... shocker, might give cjh a shot again. Just want value, don't feel like they offer much. Why I'm following fewer and fewer "personalities", i was really hoping dark chocolate Snickers would be better. sad face., Yesterday's ALA Washington Office webinar: The one thing that always works is to have a great advocacy strategy and implement it, RT - If Jacksonville's Jaguars are known as the 'Jags' and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the 'Bucs,' what doe..., i will be there later to join you in, you really should give me a henna tattoo! give me a sleeve , haha ;D<3 <3 xoxo, Hilarious watchin kids playin bball at the jc tryin to take it to the rim on, shit that's awkward. I hope he doesn't come.. 's fault, New high heels, easy like pie to walk in. No need to take a cab., Red Seal by - tasty last night. Tonight, Gayngs with ? It is likely I'll pee myself out of excitement., Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Gregg Rogell, Monday at Dunkin Donut Nostrand Avenue is fine. I sent you an email also confirming the date, Did a Google search to find Chris Ash's coaching profile, but I'm guessing the Twitter account that turned up () probably isn't him, yea you are, you put doee after (: lol, Awesome! So glad to hear it! Get in touch if you need help finding a #TEFL job., YES! Drives me crazy! E and I discussed yesterday. Should get Restasis and switch all messaging to be a commercial for that!, Scalia has been to Koch Bro political mtgs & GOP fund raisers. HRC mandates amount to pay on medical expenses, Hi Christina, appreciate the follow...also very jealous of your job with a8s :), hope all is well on the east coast!, dad wants to know of its a sleepover, Tucsan Inn San Francisco is undergoing renovation which will commence from today until 30 April 2012, was it the Acura rdx? That jumped out at me like a sore thumb, The Queen of Pop is in Korea. of course she is, they all love her there!, ya u can bring them Monday. U don't have any I'm going to start on the storyboard, We could definitely build one in Vegas!, I love this quote: The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart ~ Helen Keller, They are the generation that opposed the Vietnam War. They fought for civil rights, equal rights, and social justice., So Wright goes 2 for 5 in this game and his average goes down. Step it up., I HAVE NO IDEA?!?!? RT : Why are we still not pressing?, #SOAD #LongOVERDUE We need you in #Oklahoma!, I want mozzarella sticks., #Facebook hit 1B user market in August, I think ima get me some renters insurance, 2 many apt fires going on, Oh hey, i see youu., Lol #somf gone be friends after today., Going to zee city ((:, OGHS Women notch first victory!, Thanks TEEARA!! Let's play soon. I miss you., Thanks a bunch!!!!, nails [<U+221A>] make-up [<U+221A>] hair [<U+221A>] ..ya im all decked out for the show tonight #donthatemecuzimbeautiful :) ¦, #FollowFriday Seski recommend visit Bend anytime!, i tweeted my friends the video of zayn dancing and they're making fun of him. then my friend is watching him sing let me love you... oh., is the stuff about his weight, strength, and speed, Each one of us should lead a life stirring enough to start a movement. ~Max Lucado, Last PGH sports officiating blunder this bad was the Bettis coin flip. Steelers tanked after that. What happens now to Bucs?, Our Holiday movie this year:The Artist. The opening credits were all the re-habituation we needed. "With Pleasure" indeed!, Knock, Knock. Who's there? The guy that wants to sell you a fucking door bell., Watching Role Models, #snappytv let's you video clip while you watch. Cool product for provider integration., Having the never ending fear that I will one day poke a hole in my bellybutton, On this day in 1914, President #Wilson officially established first national #Mother's Day., ACES workshop with - my brain is locked and loaded, Just met my butler for the day. Yes. Apparently I have a butler. Shoulda figured this out sooner., Totally right. Romney wasn't the reluctant hatchet man in an otherwise benevolent org. Bain's purpose is vulture capitalism., that sounds perfect!! what do you think ? RT : My husband brought home gyros for dinner!!, <3 RT : If you guys are some loyal followers you would do me the favor of following these guys are awesome (:, West Room!, WAHHHHHH!!!!.....A GUY MIGHT LIKE ME IN REAL LIIIFEEEEEEE....., have fun in beta while I watch the walking dead!!!, Don't worry luca your awesome u rock, Oh yeah and by the way... Don't Sleep! #YSL6812 is gonna crack hard!!! Word to bout to have MKE locked down!, At the airport, waiting for my sister & crew to arrive in the baggage claim. In MY day, they let us wait at the gate., What happened to social and politically conscious artists???, Anyone looking for journalism interns in Madison?, Taking the long way home, Dragapalooza: Biggest Drag Event in the city! Tomorrow Night, Thk U so much ;-) RT thanks! a lot of my friends get pictures done by yall. they're gorgeous!, Three pots of ihop coffee, half a cigarette and stress do not make for a happy stomach., Old episodes of #227 it is, Eatin cheddar biscuits at red lobster nigguh!!, RT ***Time is running out *** Hurry into TEMA! This is the last weekend for TEMA to pay your sales tax. "No TAX Days" will end May 2, 2011., . thank you - hey having y'all document stuff is a HUGE help if you don't document no one knows what happened!, I feel like a crazy person. Goin pretty insane. Rehearsal tonight with Tallymoore will help :), hit me up sometime man, Peer pressure is a bitch and she is my best friend, EVERYONE GO FOLLOW BECAUSE I LOVE HER SO MUCH AND SO DOES HARRY STYLES. <3, Sorry #BYU! Wish I could be more sympathetic... but I can't., It feels nice to call you mine <3, Have you heard the cover by Streetlight Manifesto? They do some really great stuff with horns., Thanks ! It's a great article from We're proud of Chad!, what is your favorite song to sing?, liar liar liar liar, I love the phrase high falutin'!, cool! what's up?, how can i get one'my bday coming up i would like one for my bday', #FollowFriday All worth the follow., Good luck to , presenting in Pecha Kucha style for the Efromyson Award for Excellence in Cultural Tourism Development!, I am great... Just disconnected a bit for a while. Getting back into the swing of things now. How are you?, Counting Ryan Gosling's abs instead of sheep., I wonder if he recognizes me from our last time. Back pressed against the quasi-bolted stall door to watch him revolutionize me with reds., i,m a very big fan of your show, Aw thanks girl! Where can I read your writing?, Good no call, Homeowners and students have a lot of good news to catch up on in this edition of West Wing Week: OFA.BO/7q5Sdz, Recs2: St.Nachos series-Z.A.Maxfield, The Emperor's Wolf-J.C.Owens, Circe's Recruits&Dawn Endeavor series-Marie Harte, yes, this, P.S. I'm a big fan and have almost all your books (missing Body of Martin Aguilera, which I've given up hope of finding), MariAna peed all over me while watching the Oscars, We are always looking to help more musicians with FREE SEO and a FREE website. Look what we do for Vernon > www.vernonfischer.com, True dat! RT : The high cost of living is often just the cost of high living. We don't need as much as we think we do., you would think. Its hard to get qualified people., Sugar Cafe is open on Easter Sunday! Come do brunch with us!, ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 5, #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Why isn't #TweetingDuringSex a super hot trend on here b/c I thought for SURE it would be. SO LET'S MAKE IT! RETWEET!, Any of my New York friends looking for a computer savvy graphic designer @ their company? My brother is moving there in Apr and needs a job!, Someone Like You,<3, Hon I wish I could......FSW is not on the dish system here........darn, I'm doing a URISA LiDAR webinar as we speak!, I keep Urkel like the winslows, That please is SO Good!, “: Wait...were u on msnbc or channel 4 back home? ” he was on THE ;), Kandi is right...Nene is a hypocrite, Well, this is gonna be weird..., Garage Band on the iPad is for me like MacPaint was on the first Mac in the 80's. Endless magical fun!, #Chokers signed that bum Mario Henderson today, that means big sacks for #Raiders D-line!, yea it was at the 6 Flags safari and we brought bananas w us. The story gets way more graphic but I'll save that for another time, Fuck the police, Time to bite the bullet and work out again. My quads are still hurting from Sat's Bmore Half!, At night, all cats are grey., all inspiration from the bar haha, yea bout that pimping ain't easy lol, Whats that suppose to mean.. ?, Today, November 21 @ 5 PM PST | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1, Looking forward to my first tweetup! See you there!, Fuvking murder them RT : RT : Lakers have pushed their lead to 11. Kill. Them. Now., Always! hope ur doing good... on c + revu!, Done! MT Follow for info abt how we support scholars using tech for research, teaching, learning., Never raise your hands in denial of the truth, even to appease authority. No matter what you personally believe, truth is all that matters., Dude same here. That's why i hate b days:/, the quest to 3 bills is on, I can't wait for you to start !, Do you think about me, like I think about you, what time is the nba all star game, is it tonight or tomorrow?, Waddup w/all? Interested in a Movie?, #harrypotter marathon at 's (y), The problem with having co-workers with the same shoe size as you, a cute pair comes in and the claws come out, haha!, guh,boys r so aggressive! still love you thou pizza =], Who else should be in the #FlopOfFame?, NEVER FORGET..., "The only people that tear happy people down are those that are unhappy." ~Haley James Scot, The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor. -Vin, Welp that didn't take long RT : Former #LSU QB Jordan Jefferson lasted 4 days on #Buccaneers roster. Waived today, team announced., It's the last day of the AIAA-Aerospace Meeting!! We're always happy to be here, looking forward to the next one!, working on a contract RoR opportunity!, early bird I see. Just woke up. It'd be half an hour before I could be ready to go, We appreciate all the love, support,hate from yall. Keep spreading the word. Fly #FirstClass or be a coach flying hoe. :), Our thoughts exactly!, I'm having the same problem this morning!, #Aquarius are...what you want but can't have!!!! Lol :p, Thank you for following, Who remembers the coconut shrimp from the Marlin! When we used to throw our party there, I would order every week! The sauce so amazing!!!, I love lattes but am sad with my skinny peppermint choice today :(, Thanks for the follow Sean! See you out on the road this summer., I'm watch Mulan with Dare. There showing the preview of Tarzan with 1 of the old movie surfers. I'm pretty that girl is !, yes, why?, I stayed up for *that*?!?!? What a disappointing finish after that great first quarter for the, Parra! I love that kid., My friends take pictures with my dogs, Thanks for following., have fun Mary & say hello from Ruthy Otero. :), Tonight, we r young...well actually im young every night lol, I like pickles. <3, She was born ratchet., Amendment on the House floor right now would block Justice Dept. from defending the health care law., #IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'm going to turn into Lil Jon 2.0 and making a cd very similar to "Crunk Juice" Ice Cube will be on it., Tonight is the Red Dress Preview Party Fashion Show "Haute Couture", I got this drank in my cup, Ajay benches a couple of boxes of Monopoly, a few mats of Twister, and a helluva lota scrabble pieces!, Well they do cannolis too! Every year they do a 25 cent cannoli sidewalk sale to "show the neighborhood their appreciation", Left the white house, now going to the zoo & lunch then heading home to Boston <3, thanks for following and for the listing!, You made the wrong choice, and that used to hurt us both, but now its only hurting you., Feeling great!! Just did a 20min jog, 20min jump rope & 20min tone. Now gotta get ready for work. Have a nice day;), RT : B/c Vader turned to the Dark Side, Obi Wan did not make AYP that year, No one likes you. Just leave., still watching, All natural does not always mean healthy., Hiya - How can I help? My email is, just made my first commit, and sent my first code review request. #yay!, time for a long winter's nap..., The older I get the more I respect and appreciate Cal Ripken. He is truly amazing for what he did., I dont call it holdin grudges , i call it NOT FUCKIN WIT BULLSHIT ., Snowing in Arlington, Texas on December 2. Really coming down, too. Early in the year for us..., counts for what? Lol, Hi All, joining #chat2lrn from sunny Florida, So glad that God heals . . . despite ourselves!, #teamfollowback is REAL!!! And C3 is taking over Dallas with each new initiate. Retweet and let your followers everywhere know about us!!!!, The #CILDC venue does not have wifi in the IB area yet, so we just have those first come/first serve flower wifi pods ITI supplied, I spent $83 on groceries today. But in my defense, I really wanted that diet Hansens., but that is def tweet-worthy. i still think the bus drivers for the 88 bus are the nicest., Great game MSU!, home with cats and Cap. just set a fire in fireplace. we still have power thnk the L. Shd be fun on Monday, Yeah, more expensive, for sure. Try a yo yo or a slinky., You can now get vagina at Barnes & Noble. Wait, "nook" is slang for vagina right?, Ready for the sequel to Drive? Driven by James Sallis is out on April 3rd. He'll be signing books at Poisoned Pen Bookstore, When you realize it , it'll be too late ;), moving moving, done on thursday, getting through it...., I don't trust him as far as I can throw.....with my private parts, ": Liberalism offers a handout. Conservatism offers a hand up!", Kobe Crying , Ion blame him , Cuz dey pissed me off, Neither was i, I can be anything I want with sacrifice, hard work and perseverance!, You are the leader that we need in place. We know you will make us proud and find a leader on and off the field. WPS., Fried pickles = my favorite thing in life, I can NOT wait to meet my fellow Guidette in Staten Island!! HeeHee! Xo, Sorry to hear this. Would've love to view it., yeah, thats understandable. I have Uverse and Netflix and theres never any new movies to watch, so I ruin out of movies. Hah, LIVE NOW: w special guests & Join us at www.thisweekin.com/live, I know, Melaney. I hope another party steps in to open a new bookstore - although travelers are packing light these days (eReaders)., cool now transfer to ut!, Ready for the #SuperBowl? Look out 4 our commercial generously sponsored by @ 6-6:20pm EST today!, thanks for the tweet back jerk! ha, HERE COMES THE EPIC SHOT TO WIN!!!! #GoDucks!!!!!!!!, looking forward to it.. My first hiking experience here in T-town was at Redington pass with a bee swarm and a rattlesnake., I love love love this weather. <3, hey whats your ichat? cause i dont have you on ichat :o, #milwaukee The Milwaukee Home improvement show at the State Fair Grounds is Feb 9th-12th!We will be there. Tweet us for tix, i loves you more then any person other then your family ever fucking will <3, Day has been stressful. Technology is great when it works. Great talking to my brother though. Always an upside. :-), RT : #mspairport is my new fave. Legit mothers room, diabetic friendly, clean restrooms and friendly employees!, & will be talking #socialmedia w/ & their event council tomorrow. Looking forward to it!, shut up Dean(; you know why I did that right?, haha that was a good day today, : If Kobe loses to the Nuggets - there will be a fallout! Somebody has to take the fall for this collapse., #ThatMomentWhen you're out with someone new & you realize that you can't stop thinking about you know who, I'm not surprised, not everything lasts., Everything is gone b alright, Our thoughts go out to the residence, businesses and environment of Arizona during the huge wildfire spreading over 600 sq. miles!, UGH JOHN CUSACK JUST DRUNK TWEETED AND I DIDN'T EVEN GET A CHANCE TO FAVORITE IT. John- "just n=ominated you for ho tt tub D robcorddry", just played children, Twitter is made for games like this, Maybe I'll have another mummies-kind-of morning. You get those at Smithsonian., hope so!, Update on girl writing note to boyfriend: she is making a list of summer activities.. "Hold hands at the zoo and kiss under fireworks", Agape2Learn field trip.... west of the Mississippi, Feels like 1968 except Obama is Nixon and the MSM and LEFT loves him and the music scene really sucks., NICE! What's the spot again?, Not sure why I still follow his twitter account is about as useless as birth control at a nunnery, I agree. Thanks!!, Success--- Accomplishment of an aim. I believe anyone can find success., Wow its a lil cold in NYC, Glad we can almost get back to ignoring the #Knicks for the irrelevant franchise that they are, Keep up the good fight, MLK! The Jedis believe in Justice for the 99%~we even wrote a song about it!, Most of the good thingz we enjoy today were discovered accidentally, Goodluck at your game <U+E414><U+E00E><U+E42A>, Tomorrow is Sample Saturday ! *Awesome!*, Happy Election Day! Remember to go and vote., Billfold & Birthday Girl (in which I play the lead role Katie) - Official Selections at Wildwood Film Fest, My head hurt im not tryna run, Fuck not getting paid today! :(, You should really try to collect those clips from the projects you have worked on. If that's not possible keep working for clips, Shame on you. Ann Romney is a job creator who chose to stay home & hire nannies take care of her kids. It's hard work scheduling the help., "you will soon achieve perfection" thank you, fortune cookie., I am, and have been, a zombie for the last three years., Pistol off in my boxers i aint got time to be boxin, Off to the game! Couldn't be happier w/ my decision to get tickets 4 "my mother's birthday present." Let's go #Boston #Bruins!, I just want Tom and Lynette back together!, I've been using your towel at the #sxsweco conf :), So so happy and pleased right now., Us too... RT : Listened to Pearl Jam/Cameron Crowe doc on driving home. I was a socially awkward 12 yr old again., matt, need to connect with you re: JCP. Can you send me email or #?, Holy To-Do List, Batman!, Got the cutest bathing suits today :), me and my sister are going to London and Manchester. What shows are you goin to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, Hopefully a youth sports instructor, No worries, man. Good luck!, nothing that i know of, New Video Tips coming soon!, Big time-->RT : was well worth the investment to attend #careertl2012!, Prediction #2: if the Miami Dolphins can beat the Raiders by 20 surely the Packers can do 40...#greenbaypackers 52-Raiders 10., Didn't do my homework for mrs.traynor, “: A great man can bend & stretch. -Chinese Proverb”, "Who are you and how did you get in here?" "I'm a locksmith and I'm a locksmith.", to make you suffer :), ALERT: ok? We'll take it! RT I have the privilege of shooting in the Holy Grail of college bball!!, He didn't come to win against Donaire, only to not lose spectacularly and collect his paycheck. No argument here., when I'm finished with them I'll bring them to you !, Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<36, you better be going to the boston AN show, and you best be getting me a t shirt., of course. I just need to 1) get it working and 2) find some time to work on it., Dam bugs, true. Hitting a party I think.... you?, IF YOU DON'T SEE THE FNORD IT CAN'T EAT YOU, that is a problem, but i like ur attitude about detroit and that letter u put in front of it. next time, I didn't know you played LoL. Ive played that game for like two years now. Aha., Matt Turk isn't nearly as mechanical as people make him out to be., I'm your Bonnie && your my Clyde - except I'm way cuter and we do not get caught <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>, As former player & coach I understand being pumped on opener, but habits you form early carry through season., is one of the funniest girls I know hahaha, RT : The Local Web: A Video Infographic. shows local opportunities national brands are..., Tick, tock, it's a clock., You heard that, It has been all giants so far...and to come hahaha!!, Naked Harry... ^_^, :) RT : Thanks for continued support..., Another 1st down for Kentucky., Yes, fans in Jersey., I think my baby is mad at me :/ & I don't know why.., I'm weird cause I hate goodbyes, lol no i dnt...i had this twitter over 1/2 a year and tweeted 200 times lol, This market is heading to danger zone., Oy va voy! Maccabi Haifa hires Bernie Fine as a consultant! Strange hiring for the struggling team, don't think I would want to be involved, I agree. It may technically be a discovery layer, but you're really just using a fancy catalog, imo., can you be a doctor for a few mins?, All my #genealogy friends - what hotel do you like to stay at when you are in SLC visiting the FHL?, You know it!!, digged the University of Wyoming vintage 'Pokes' shirt today! Dope for sure!, Well....good night n morning everyone because to anyone in the pittsburgh that knows it's 3:10AM and for people who aren't!!!, we would not go without you! Still working on plans, will be a summer or fall event :) Enjoy until then!!, my stomach hurt !, Let me know if anything happens!, Freaking awesome. What episode? Also, thanks to I now have a TNG t-shirt, My receipt says 'Jay', so that's who I handed it to. I left a note on it, as well., We just heard that our panel: "Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces" was accepted for the AAM conference in LA May 2010., “: What the hell does the "z" mean in "LOLZ"? "Laugh Out Loud.. Zebras"?”, Taking shots with Ms.Hewins and Sam in her office ;), what ever you guys need i can play any position needed!, We are working with a key client seeking a Java / J2EE Software Developer. Please let me know if you or someone you know would be interest…, not exactly a rimrocker. Impressive, but not a dunk., Happy friday :), An erection is like the Theory of Relativity - the more you think about it, the harder it gets., I'm bored. Someone entertain me., Indians lead it over the A's 2-0 coming into the top of the 4th, Aug Co & Stn Dems on 2012 GA: deep partisanship. Right wing extremists control Va GOP. Dems to fight GOP, Don Quixote with the derby win, cavity? Remember when we didn't have a cavity dad would take us all to the movies and we could get popcorn? cc, I guess I shuld forget it n be cool, The interviews were due today? #fml I might not graduate -_-, Fighting to change foster care - Austin News, So Excited to Watch you guys on ABDC!!((: Hope you have an ICONic Day :)!, Tonight's PS Vita event was fun. Thanks, Playstation!, Tonight was mad fun!, I wonder what Facebook's problem was!?, That being said.... At least Indy's handling Manning better than GB handled Favre., Just saw Jaheim up close n personal. That negro looks like hes been hitting the pipe. Nina doesn't like skinny negros., If you want to learn how they work, watch TSM_TheOddOne's Twitch TV channel. He's a top player and the best at explaining., Tracking ROI for lawyers or a legal firm is not as easy as having your receptionist ask where a client heard about your legal firm., Double Pizza Pizza Whiskey & Coke. Hello., At detour with my cousin Mitchell. Great end to the week!, o well ok, dnt b gettin n no trouble I kno where u b @, lol, absolutely! You need some PBR jams :) They are on order. That would trip them out., Yeah I know. I was so confused I guess I don't really need closure., Had a wonderful theater/ Drama presentation with the students. Thanks you to all of those that had a chance to watch it., Anytime. Thanks., Congrats!! #GoBrowns RT : Just signed the contract! Long time coming!, Anyone headed to the Tejano Music Convention in Vegas next week? If so stop by my booth and buy your tix to the TMA's, you forgot Van Hansis!!! Def the best. Adrian was awesome., Looks good - now on my reading list. Thanks!, A Separation was indeed awesome., ACRL Futures Thinking: so far the call is no job for me in 20 years., "Man of Constant Sorrow" playing at Starbucks near Penn Station...fabulous., The Season Opener tour continues today with stops in New Albany and Jasper. Looking forward to sharing IDOE's vision with Indiana educators., your website isnt working=/, I guess #Marissa should have shot an unarmed 17 yr old black kid. She would be walking free today., S/O 2 my best follower <--- follow her n she will follow back Join #Team2Sexy!!!, maybe this calls for a new saying: keep personal music interests and business separate, oh baby please forgive me im sorry my mom hacked my account, haha thanks aaron. yes. i will def be messing with people, Why r ppl so surprised when God answers their prayers? Isn't praying just reminding God of His promises to us...?, What's the best browser for searching PubMed on your iPad?, Pleeeeeassse wish my friend good travels on her moving to hawaii it would b the best going away prez ever?please!, i never win anything :((, You know what would be the perfect graduation gift now? A gigantic umbrella!, So thoroughly sorry to have missed at #NITLE. Happy to be following via weirdly functional Amtrak wifi., Hi Maegen, we'll get to the bottom of this and figure it out for you :), someday, I want to have some sort of a regular sleeping pattern, time to try & be productive, although my mind feels like its in a blender, Ill do it my stepdad if it come dwn to it i cant stand these mfs in here mfs @ work some opps too iaint fwt no more, LIFE IS WHAT YOU MAKE OF IT...NEVER BE AFRAID TO FAIL BECAUSE WITHOUT FAILURE THERE IS NO SUCCESS, Peace and love, Me too Megan., So stressed and irritated that my wifi isnt working when I have shit for school I need to do. Ugh !! Fml, Im sorry, You confuse me so much. #WhatToDo!?, You don't call retarded people retards, it's bad taste. You call your friends retards when they're acting retarded., Not hard to measure social media. Just hard to quantify it. Via, Right now the last person students ask for help in academic libraries is the librarian..., No more camouflage. I want to be exposed., J sotomayor asks if #SB1070 allows arrest of tourist who overstayed visa for 1 day., No problem - thanks for the great Tweets!, RT : Glamorous accessories and a vibrant colour scheme have transformed this bathroom. Take a look for yourself..., HAPPY HALLOWEEN!! Just wish I was dressing up lol, 3 wedding cakes, 1 groom's cake, and over 200 cupcakes...done, done and done. Now time to relax with my great family :)!, Hope u get to feeling better soon., woot! So thrilled for you, Peter. Make sure we hang before you leave ok?, I'm hoping today isn't a huge disappointment, can't wait for August 18! Meeting you guys will be a highlight of my year!, phone autocorrect sorry bout it. :), WTG Suzanne Bonamici. Although I (barely) live outside of her district, she will represent Oregon well., People are awesome. I'm going to make a YouTube video about how to watch campaign ads before this election., loved the show. Going to miss it. Wish all the cast the best., if you're driving, you can take everything! Lol, I do... Didn't know your cousin was a big tennis fan, did you... Haha, my favorite student! XD, Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too, Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!, where is Cole Trickle?, So far all by my ittybitty self i made 217 Ped. Pal Foot Scrubbys! ..YIKKES I'm addicted to my business. LOVE making my customers laugh, THURS 6/9 Sustainable Seafood at the Biopark! I love the fishes cuz they're so delicious - and not endangered!, dope! Yeah for sure man. My home's in chicago these days but next time i'm back in boston let's def get up., Boom! Thanks ! It is less of a clone and more of a companion. :D, thanks! I'm talking about DMAC and sustainability in teaching, research and service., I love playing golf with my brother., Just a boy, just an ordinary boy, Just woke up with the most lovely voice ever heard and on The Most Charming smile I ever Saw¦ Can't wait 4 2moro, at least Neal is showing some fire. That second goal had to be blown dead. Made no sense, Word to my muva, I bring the rarri out., How do you choose?! I always loved the Lorax tho, and "Oh the Places You'll Go"...did you enjoy the snow day yesterday? ;), In freaks' Tarot card poker game, the hole card comes up Ace of Cups ("Injury by a Trusted Friend") and the psychic's guilty lover shudders., thanks looking foward to some new ja, Stressed out..., i wonder if there's a correlation between personality characteristics and what row you choose to sit on? little lonely on this front row :), LOL! I'm coming back soon as I can afford it!, If you're looking at picking up Wolf's option for $10m or paying Greinke $20m? Lose three starters = 100 losses?, Great fight for a legend #Sugar RT : Canelo w/ Unaminous decision! props to Shane for battling! might be time to let it go, I work 2-4 then I'm staying for a while to eat there, man...haha kill me., Thats it im adding privet jet to my Christmas list!, What a game! Just remembered why March is my favorite month. Can't decide whether to pull for Norfolk State for the upset or my bracket, a nice saturday morning walk with, Mobile info lit can happen anywhere for quick info (context, location specific), through apps/specialist sites rather than open web, I will NOT be supporting #homophobic producer TD #Jakes movie, also it's crazy but tha more I focus on my own shyt tha less I think and worry bout females and the happier I am, Firing up my cheesy teen pop music - it makes cleaning my condo more fun., Today's magic relationship word is RESPECT, If you are interested in being a bachelor for our next event, join us tonight at 7:30 PM for more information!, Done with heady glass tings. Now on to beer tings!, just go drink with them, yess! Lol all i heard was "Fool look!!" then daran was like "OH SHIT!!" well i think it was him lol, did the other team not show?, amazing time with tyler. < 3 a few crazy things went down. but, i was just glad to be with him! now bed., Category 5-b winner is Big Ten Network, casts a level 6 spell of Radio Freedonia tonight at 11 PM on wtju.net, Follow me on instagram, U don't walk or jog in my neighborhood, U run for your life., #WOTD: A #Wilco fan can help ya RT : Cool, since no one with a car wants to go see wilco wit! h me, I can't go. Just awesome., Do they respond?, I want to go to the movies, coming for u, Wow...I mean, you might be a revolutionary but I'm not sure it's because of your age. :), Women are equal and they deserve respect. Just kidding they should suck my dick., huge fan of Mike Floyd's ... It's a good deal all around, 1st day of the week feeling 100%. It's a good thing I'm only in the office for half the day. :-), aye thanks for the follow :), he goes to Everglades, #gordonwood is killing me, we play y'all today I play for bf, “You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.” - Marian Wright Edelman, I know, right? Nothing's sacred, I guess., I don't like having to wear sweatpants, cuz all girls look at is my junk, girl, my face is up here!, Milwaukee vs. Butler Tonight 8 p.m. @ U.S. Cellular Arena - Live on ESPN...Winner dances on to the NCAA tournament...Believe!, That's not true re: OBL. Twitter was abuzz w/ rumors but there was no confirmation until the speech. TV didn't "miss the moment.", this day, in 1775, Oxygen was discovered by Joseph Priestley, Thanks very much! Looking good!, has a disclaimer at the bottom basically saying not to take "Goals" seriously. I do love Mint . I use it for tracking, “: talk was too dirty for twitterr.. ;)” just a little <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>, hahaha.....in last 21 years......almost become daily for me......:), Should be sleeping. But now I'm hungry. And my confidence is as low as my blood pressure. Oops., #GLEEprom hope this one goes better than the last one(;, hey handsome ;), I keep telling u guys keep the kobe hate coming. Its what fuels him., Someone mention me or something because this makes me really upset., nice i will be there, borrowing from Terre Roche - How many musicians does it take to change a light bulb?, go green!, hell ya!, thank you! :), "follow this and you'll get this many followers!! it worked for me!!:D #stfu that's a piece of #bullshit -.-, I love my new icon. (: Demi looks so flawless. <3, I love your video's, good job!, Has anyone ever seen a Houston Texans fan out in the wild ?, yes girl!!! Thank you!, You ever just want to stand up in the middle of a meeting and say f*&k it?!? And I am loving the new Nickelback Burn it Down!, Got 6 pounds of coffee in 4 different flavors for Christmas. I think I have a problem...I don't have enough coffee pots., #EastSideMustHaves Flag pole out in the front yard, Mom, that was good Mac & Cheese pizza! Now back to #wcphilly. Next up, "STop Worrying, Start Publishing." with Anthony Bubel.., Lmfao.... I thought the same damn thing... Card ace casino is still Kool tho RT Draw something died so quick ha, Nothing says time 2 go 2 sleep like ur mascara actually traveling onto ur contacts blacking out light as if it was WWII Night kids!, Congrats on the BBCA show. I really enjoyed it. Hope there's more to come!, rt if u didn't now that u have ecuatorians fans, It will be much better once I get my hands on a #cherryberrychiller!, great, glad you have joined the cause!, Hiring! Hiring! Hiring! Sales Representatives for both Dade, Broward and North Carolina! Contact:, NERDFIGHTER LLAMA LIKE, Traffic traffic lookin for my chapstick, Still got so much shit on my mind, American Reunion is a must see! Still laughing!, Gym time, i would like a follow back since I voted all day, I agree 100%! Unfortunately, some things are out of our control., i dont really rap. i steal beats and lyrics from and, Hm...maybe Horror Fest?, It's fun to hear all 378 Seattle Mariner fans gasp when JV dials it up to 97, yes please! What are you doing Thursday? Want to go to a performance at the ?, : yea, but how often do "men" follow THAT law???, No motivation left, ya doin secret Santa tomorrow!!!!!!! ;D, People always say what they would do if they were in a situation but when the situation arise its a differnt story., Same here. I missed my Monday mornings off. So glad to have them back, and to have the law students back., i hope and are aware of this achievement!, If I Ever Get The Chance To Meet And I Promise They Will Love Me Im Such A Sweet And Sily Person!! DREAMING BIG, looking forward to luncheon today w/ Kathryn Dean &, Read it, Rudy and ZBO is out lol, The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs., Happy Cinco de Mayo, We're trying out a new Groupon program, Groupon Now allowing people to get deals they have to use the same day.It rolls out in two weeks., Just pitched my first home brewing attempt. In ten days I might have my own hard cider!, haha yeah! Did you get the package where you get to meet them?, Just had dinner with my wife. I have seen her in a few days. It was very nice, Aww shucks, thanks GS! RT Happy anniversary Glad to have you on my team!, where you from?, Happy Monday!! Hope you have a fantastic week!! :), get well soon....headaches are the worst!, Rep. Ott, please stop whining..., where have your been all my life? I need to see your beautiful face!, Ignored Ponder/Dalton/Kaepernick b/c consensus seems to be they aren't 1st rounders. Mallet or Locker= more value than others in 2nd, My big plans for the afternoon involve making rice krispie treats., sigh .. we sink to new/old depths RT : leg warmers are coming back - O-M-G!! there's one piece of fashion I did not miss, well that's EXACTLY why it seems he should be the one who's bad at it!, making a girl smile is worth it right? Then plz follow us nd me make us smile as for it means a lot :), She just really want me 4 my Gear, Anatomy of NFL schedule: Computer creates 400K options, weeded to 14K, then humans pick best 150 & eventually choose 1. (via ), year of the slip n' slide!, RT if you love your HAWAII DIRECTIONERS :) we LOVE YOU <3 ALOHA, #FF because he made me;) j/k, that bitch from miss dorritys class looks like a horse hahahaha and her bestfriend can suck it~, Im cheap....when I go to a store I go straight to clearance.... Hahaha, Your Voice is Amazing! I watched your video on youtube. Amazing Talent! I am Fan! :), Check your inbox: RAMP's Breaking News says Radio One is moving WRNB/Philadelphia to 100.3 on 9/1, taking out WPHI (100.3 The Beat)., Forecast for Friday: Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s. Northeast winds 5 to 10 mph. Becoming east in the afternoon., the double dot over the ü will get you any man you desire, no nigga . I'm not talkin about him . I'm talkin about YOU . you don't text ME anymore -_-, A1: Wish I would've known that you CANNOT rely on others to meet deadlines!, My birthdays on the 7th you guys. i gladly accept forties., What are the things in life that can get you beathless?, Dude the video was great. I loved it! So many fruits of the spirit being shown in this! May God bless you Justin!......, Last chance to get 20% our services when you visit us at booth, I'd rather lose an argument to you, than lose you to an argument., It's Friday tomorrow! Damn this week gone fast!!!, BloodyNightCon: One hour for the next of all the products (8pm, Spain time). And only until 22/01, 10% discount at all the pes, Samsung. Ubuntu. May throw KDE on it eventually, but hanging w/ gnome for the time being., Excited to hear that! (:, Will you be in Jax next week with your guys? Hope to see you!, when in sin city, do as sinners do, RT : Good news, everyone! Troll 2 is on Netflix Instant!, Is it the weekend yet??? I'm beyond ready to see you!, I love Flo., Ok. Who's going to the SUPERBOWL? All 4 teams are good. If I had to bet...I'm picking Patriots - 49ers. You say what?, Just blasted through first set.. almost caught up to 16 yr old evan.. lol #sad 270lb set, maybe like one or two how many u got so far?, Lesson learned. Never tweet outside during a hurr, you don't have a soul, neither of us exist., Watching Next Iron Chef. Rooting for Marcus., MAJOR winter storm to likely impact Midwest, Great Lakes and portion of Ohio Valley and East US next Tues-Thurs...stay tuned, should really start revising:\, Skinny Jeans are just not made for curves.. #Why?, Does it suck to know i sat on it first?, Need a credit card so I can set up this gamefly account, "That's because those scholars aren't pressured to write like scholars." An anon agreeing w/ me that best Game Studies comes in blogs, changing my twins' nicknames from "Fei Xiaotong" and "Chewbacca" to "Cockroach Heaven" and "Underbed Storage"., #1 person on twitter I`d like to meet:, The truth is in the double negative. ‘I'm no homo’ would mean the person is straight. ‘I'm not no homo’ would be the opposite., Anyone else get phone calls from librarians at prev internship telling you they miss you & stuff?, Grateful Dead American Beauty, Mr Oizo analog worms attack, Why r u so desperate to b my frnd, That's the spirit! All of the spring and summer styles are so wonderful we just can't wait to wear them!, I do like #dancemomsmiami but it won't ever compare to the original #dancemoms!(:, Santorum data from Jan - before his surge. MT : Santorum behind GOP candidates in social media (Obama leads all), I love YOU! :P, lol this is funny! RT ": If I was a super hero, I'd be Catch-On-Fast-Man!", I'm terrified of moths. I'd rather be face to face with Michael Myers than touch a moth, I will be SUCCESSFUL in my life but i cant say the same for you, Can't wait for 's #newmusic! #BelieveAlbum. #November :), Hope to see you at the Rox Box tomorrow night!, Another awesome local #startup - check this community out, amazing women and an inspiring CEO, thanks everyone for following our page, if you guys need anything at all... we are here to listen and give the best advice we can., andd thats what i have as your contact name in my phone!...lol swear (K.O), I just saw both of them. Haha., << Good morning!!!, Sadly...people feel they can pick on others. Because it ask boils down to the old 'us' vs. 'them' mentality., no, they are a band..., I really hate guys sometimes., RT ! ": How do people think your pretty O.o", "throw me a text" lol c:, Berklee is about to be a quarantine after today lol Congrats to all of the homies graduating from BizzzRKLEE College of Music.., ur so swett wish i can go out wit u....but u wanna go ut ....ur single...plzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplz, Hahaha, giving people a hard time >>>>, that's very sweet of you all! I wish I were there hashing things out with you. Let me know if there's anything I can do!, Because events are too water down right now and too hard to evaluate a player AAU is starting to look like HS Bball one good game a day, Yep. Super moon = super day., RT So I'm stoked to buy Mother's Day remake and on May 8th...Whose in with me!, how could she hate ZAYN!? OMFG., If our services are needed please let us know. Regards, Our speaker is an expert on blood splatters, wrote a book that *might be coming to a Hollywood screen near you!, forreal Dow. I'm trying to go down to Miami with some friends before school starts though, Follow Transdermal transport of microbial antagonists... Magnetic Biodefense... Technical information..., #ireallywant Believe tickets., cool, Bob., Congrats on joining our team of freaks! Be sure and keep a close watch on us in the coming months. Many awesome things to come!, Are the Yellow, Red and Black Seas actually yellow, red and black?, I want some lemonade., Jack harkness is a pretty cool guy, and ethan took faye's granddad's one from charles???, word thanks brother!, you write or we can do video segments, I'll stop covering him once he stops smoking pot on the course and pissing on the crowd., The "sounds good" ad campaign must mean it doesn't sound all that good. why bring up the issue?, Then it's me., Enjoy your day as well. Keep up the great work., RT : Interesting way to make a point... just took her off shirt. #lavacon (Talking about starting anew.), #oomf knows we get too sillay, No Derrick Rose and no Dwight Howard=Heat eastern conference championship, good, thanks! Finally got some sun. Heading back tonight, back in the mix after a longish break, Congratulations! Welcome to the #FitFluential family!! :D, Cleaning up Hart Park tomorrow with, My man Sven is about to qualify for the 2010 Olympic team for Canada. You are so close. Make it happen., RT : I believe the South Carolina-Georgia cancellation means Kentucky wins the SEC East. Gators can't do better than third., yup!!!! :D it's at the field behind the football field at the Ryan school!, WHAT PAPER?!?!?, Forgot how much I love Sunday night Tourney action., Good Morning lovelies!!! Smile...it makes people wonder what you are up to!!, I see sparks fly whenever you smile :), Of course they had a team, but this was a story about the inception of a team. Serenity wasn't an origin story., Holy crap, it's crazy downtown! Smashville is full throttle!!, Make your own Monday. Let us know your taste & we make a wine tasting just for you! Tuesday kicking off NEW Salad, Meatballs and Desserts!, I'm looking at the Indiana Driver's Manual...there's a sign for a Buggy Warning., now u can retweet! - I've always put my career and school on the top of my list after my family. No boy will ever stop me from being great!, Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: Yogurt Stop - Dessert (live updates), Thanks for the follow Mark! (). Love to meet fellow Chicagoans...., Grand Prix? More like, Grand Pricks, Today's Sports News is damn interesting., Why haven't I heard from you?., The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it. ~ Norman Schwarzkopf, I had to man lol, RT : Have a Great Day Everybody <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>- imma throw my typical hate tweet on your timeline. Lol, jamming to boyz to men, Now THESE are the Celtics!!!!!!!!!!, yeah no kidding. I guess I need to make nutella crepes next weekend now..., Google my name and click images and enjoy, i miss, Never said that. I think LeBron is a better defensive player. But who would you rather have taking the game-winning shot?, I liked ur comments at SD Econ development hearing re fighting poverty in SD w/good paying jobs. Let's make them good green jobs., Business is BOOMING! Is yours?! Hit us up to make an appointment for a FREE Marketing Consult with one of our very own! Call me @ 720-542-6…, Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'. ~, Glad you enjoy my random gifts, New book subtitle! "Defiance of the Patriots: The Eli Manning Story." (I just quadrupled my sales AND ensured no more Boston book talks.), Cool I'm just happy I spent 3 hours with him and got to hang out and talk that's a privilege and I love, #Mayweather #H #GoodNight :D, Gimme some butter....i like roles! lol RT : you've been on a roll these last few days! lol, make babies, I respect any comic that is good at heckling on stage, Ok even that is a little for me.... hahaaha, There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough., Lord Cornwallis yes very on point!, Ah, the holidays... when downtown is full of people that don't know how to cross a street. That's a walk sign, grandma, you can go now., Ok, who made coffee?, Congratulations UNCC graduating seniors!!, Thanks for all the RTs today, (not a spoiler), Don't even go there w me. Spammer!!!!!, Is your Foundation still hiring Social Studies MS/HS TEACHERS? UoM/EMU Graduate looking to join you. You know me as SPIKE UofM, Bringing a sign to tonight's game that says "Wizards, shoot the ball, not each other. Thank you.", Hahahaha everyone is freaking out cause the Internet is down, was that English?, Having a tiny adventure researching a set of color prints from 1900. Chicago Printers Row, St. Louis World's Fair... hit me up & I'll share, dj Tiesto or Armin Van Buuren?, Don't crack under pressure, if I had a car I'd get you, At Poetry & Beer, but drinking a mudslide. Waiting for Ginsberg., give him credit for, Close yo mouth. It'll be betta fa ya., Its Birthday today? Then.. HAPPY 17TH BIRTHDAY KENTON! HAVE AN AMAZING, WONDERFUL AND MAGICAL TIME WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS :), #WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly when I pull up lean your seat all the way back, As much as I still want to deck him in the face, etc. I'm going to stick to being an adult about things & not waste my time on bs., of those contradiction in terms-Gay Republican-, I need a roadtrip!!!, Future Gains in Labor Must Come From Hiring - Bernanke, TCG / LA Tanya S and I host a breakout cocktail pool-side: Unbearable Transformations in Theater/Theatre: Saturday 06/18 1:30, Biltmore, LA, Lunch time Tip Your stomach doesnt have teeth. Slow down, take your time, chew your food & enjoy it! (psst-will keep you fuller longer too), Curled my hair & this wind is fucking it up, great., I'm awake, I'm awake... Top5 night... But, now I feel like an extra from, I know. It's weird. I was force-fed baked potatoes way too much as a kid. They're a waste of space in my stomach., It's National Volunteer Week, a great time to get involved in your community. Remember, your Salvation Army needs you!, is workin real hard to make my top 5, Let me know when I should get my car keys..., Its a long year alot od positives to take out of this game especially rondo n bass, if pierce plays we win, I want to write: "Black Box Tactics: The Liberatory Potential of Obscuring The Inner Workings of Technology", t swift!, Does he make the Curly "whoop whoop whoop" sound when it comes his way? RT : Brennan Boesch, Booked a new headshot session for next week! Becoming unstoppable...!!!, Felton close to a triple double., Is it just us, or did that first number sound like it wasn't over when the ad break started?, Yet another #RainDodgers day!, Matt Barnes starts are officially events now. Been a while since that's been true of a Sox pitching prospect. Buchholz, maybe?, the things you find in your garage >>, Bird Toys SaleCheap Hagen Living World Pacifier for Medium Birds - bird toys for cockatiels, What is the worst anthology you've been in?, these idiots still have not received the message - bipartisanship or sink into political disgrace!!!, - thanks for being the best of friends! We love you! :), Gosh I feel a sickness coming on..., Looking for some new fragrances for spring? Try Rocky Rose, Lavender Patchouli, or Honeysuckle!, Don't need Twitter to be successful, and i know that you can find the time. indulge me. your cherry lips linger on mine. x], IMY to girlie it don't matter just let me know when, Where the travel refs????????, remember you said she said if i ever need someone to talk to that shes there for me? That was really nice of her., #MixedRaceProblems , They Expect me To Eat High Expensive Food, Fancy Steak, Sparkling Wine,Top Of The Line Food, Cuz I'm half White-_-, I like the name "Champs" as a moniker for this team., good luck! I tried that 6 mos challenge. After awhile it felt like a 2nd job., Our pleasure!, I can't deal with this phillies game right now., Near North Park..went to Pepper Grove today and it was really nice. I don't have much playground experience :), EXCITED RT": Which sketch group has eight thumbs and is releasing their next sketch on this Sunday? This sketch group!", Any #Letip folks going to #SXSWi? Let's meet up if so!, I'm going to start a jam band and call it Lowercase 9., 100 Calorie packs are just the right size to make you angry there aren't more cookies., You did your thing you have to show out in Miami Melo you and the entire team., how.d the track end up?, i like that name(;! My names is jeanay but i dont like it :/, How do we know what God says about something? It is in His written word. It doesn't change in spite of man's will and desire., Ew I just farted and it stinks. Bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahah, IMM SUPER BOREDD SCHOOL IN A COUPLE OF HOURS!!!! ugh D;, Just watched the video took of bankers life., demonstrating how dangerous it is to have uneducated people make significant economic decisions., I have a theory. :) The work we love most brings anxieties about not doing it justice., Dan about to go live from Rose Garden with latest on Blazer trade today..KOIN Sports in just a few minutes, HELL TO THE FUCKING NO SAM!, That's what I'm talking about, : "Be the first, the best or doing something different", He removes the greatest ornament of friendship, who takes away from it respect., Oh where....is my hairbrush?, prove it!!, If you really want to get peoples attention about #sopa and #pipa, shut down Twitter for a few hours. It'll be heard loud and clear, RT : Congrats Phyllis Sager! You've won an online NCLEX review course! Thanks for stopping by booth 313 at the NSNA..., I am liking your Milwaukee adventures today. Go #Brewers!, Time to hit the sack nite twitter ppl !!!!!, do you still want to get sushi tonight??, going to bed!! Atlanta here I come (later today though!), Wow: 2,500+ #gave2kpbs during our one-day drive yesterday. Overwhelming public support for public radio in San Diego! We are humbled., is ready for big things in 2010! Thanks for joining us on this ride! -- TS, when you totally go ham on someone and feel like a BOSS #accomplished. <3, My time line stay with some crazy stuff, Follow my account for #smbootcamp4 tweets re: social media, PR & communications. Tips from &, I missed coffee!!!, beautiful morning, Children grow faster in the spring., Now we wanna make him work!, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,, I need a connect...someone help me out, Not at the table carlos!, hey cosgrove will you merry me ??, Aww. Donald & Peta look just like Romeo & Juliet dancing to the song "Kissing You" from the 1996 movie we all love so much..., TSO is 2hrs away and the Plectrum crew will be in attendance. Floor level, Second. D if your going be sure to say hello!, Feeling pretty good about my unit. Saw several students who don't normally read get wrapped up in #TheOutsiders!, En route to Madison Square Garden!!, Laying With My Daddy Watching My Lakers, Missing My Brother, I'll say it: Prezi is a clunky unprofessional fad., Yes, just a few weeks ago! It was probably the strangest thing I have ever seen: amazing at times, perplexing at others., Schultz: Groupon's accounting not why I left board - Crain's Chicago Business (Crain's) — Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz says he left Group, option was not there? Or was there and didn't work?, Haha. Okay :) goodnight :) Love you! <3, Online search has replaced family tradition as the source for recipes, & nearly half of consumers turn to social networks 2 learn about food, home offices rock, Dude, if that's a sign to go to bed, you should be sleeping 19 hours a day!, I used to be judgmental... But God!!, good that's what I was going for!, yeah I do. Did you know someone looking to lose weight or needs more energy?, It looks horrible outside this sucks :(, Cause yesterday C R A C K E D, ": Here's to the Directioners who call One Direction "our boys", "my boys", or "the boys".", Another speaker announced - Jaime Simler, Deputy Director, Office of Energy Market Regulation, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, I don't understand whats happening right now :\, TY you for your support! RT : Big events Thurs&Friday.Book signings, parties, design panels galore!, Wang Chung time, Does anyone think that anything positive will happen to this football program before the end of (going to be an abysmal) season?, Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone at Daily Grill! Stop by for Corned Beef & Cabbage!, launches new website! Looking forward to working more closely with and, #travelhint Don't eat 'wind field salad' day b4 air travel if u r not used to its fiberous nature, nough said bout that. LOL, I know this is 2 days late, but you are my hero., Good Mornin DARLIN HOW R U are things shaping up for U, Yes, me thinks Bill Gates protests 2 much - all scores can & will be FOILed, RT : Still not too late to buy tickets to this Friday's fundraising benefit at Carriage House Violins!..., Thanks so much, im having a pumpkin carving party tonight too!! but i was not on KTLA or E!, car got towed with my wallet in it. might be the last night I'm not in prison because I'm fixin to homicide someone tomorrow, Chicago plays Monster's party. Will they sing "Does Anybody Really Know What CES Is? Does Anybody Care?", RT : 150 years ago today (2/19) A trial run of the USS Monitor in NY harbor highlighted some problems., where is he??, Law firm compensation plans begin by rewarding the right behaviors with money. Write down what your firm truly values and then pay for it, Okay, I've watched videos about the Indoctrination Theory & if it's true. I take back everything I've said about ME3's ending., hey sweetie how you been? :) long time no talk. What's new?, Can't wait to write something up on the great work by students in #TRMA585 online identity #socialmedia course -I'm loving their finals, Just treat me like every other guy does. It's cool I guess. Not like I thought you'd be different or anything...., In my search for evidence to prove you wrong I only found videos of them sneezing or farting... guess that's life in a glass box, I'm gonna need a double., omg, is it you in your icon?, Putin will win in Russia because he's Not Romney, Miss ya!, Hey, I just met you. And this is crazy. But here's my number, so call me maybe?, lol me too, Way to go #Dempsey! US men up 1-0 v. Italy, What a nice surprise! :), haha.. I love your enthusiasm!! My hint was to easy. Keep checking Facebook, twitter, & our website. Updates are coming soon!!, I'm the same way most of the time. There's a fine line between too early and on time. I haven't quite found that line yet., LMAO! RT : bill! bill! bill! bill! bill!, I got soul but I'm not a soldier. Sometimes you just need a killers fix., I know., Strategizing tonight with creative volunteers for Young Professionals Network., haha yee but i got scare, I swear i couldnt be anymore ampt !!, 3 points for the 7th time this season! Still undefeated & still on top of the league. Good game by, I have seen do talks to legal academics, and a short talk on specific LAM issues, but not quite like this., Ball so hard doctors wanna find me, 6th triathlon this year on Sunday! I have been 8th or 9th on the swimming out of several hundred athletes but get passed on the bike and..., Going down the checklist. Tech rehearsal. Check. Costume options. Check. Makeup map. Check. Now what to do about hair... ::sigh::, Not only does the breath make all things possible, it also holds the secret to fully and truly experiencing our lives., It ain't your grandpa's data no more. The marketplace for data is maturing rapidly, as we shift from a data 1.0 world to a data 2.0 world., Librarians: if you're at the airport pass up Starbucks & check out Coffee People, ME TOO lol, I hate all restrictions that are based on the when someone dies, you need to be online SOMETIME. It's lonely. :(, ": Women That reject your compliments to put their self down <<" I hate that shit!, The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows. Aristotle Onassis, Someone told me I feel off o I needed that!!!!!!, Tea & chocolate digestive's, what more could a girl ask for? Hm..... dinner with Frank Sinatra?, Wow, way too much airtime has been spent tonight on the Marilyn statue coming down. I'm certain there's more pressing news in Chicago..., Manu out. Tim out. Cahasin? Game Time Decision., probably a switch over capacity on your ping traceroute root shell server, currently crunching numbers..., Alright ladies... Who knows the miracle cure to get rid of dark under-eyes?, Whaaaa right in the kisser????? Wow Beth ...REALLY?!?!, I suppose that, technically speaking, all soldiers are licensed to kill, but my army career involved killing time., washington loves you, maryland! xoxo, Why do I feel hungover almost every morning...even when I don't drink?, Dear Reckless Youth:, Sleep. Who needs it?, thats true but i doubt any team will do that. at least i hope, The re-roofing happening above me sounds like dental work on steroids.Working from home isn't all pjs & 1pm beers, there are some downsides., boo - gotta disagree with you on the #madmen view..., B.J. Daniels has the "C" word on his jersey!, Randomly joining in when people are singing happy birthday for someone else., ahh, I was thinking. That's a bit strange, thanks man, I appreciate the kind words., it is amazing that something this serious goes unhandled by them isn't it?, I try! Thanks!!, Cleaning getting things organized just to move out in a month, Seriously? Which ones? I always expect Adelphi at the bottom by the Walnuts., Sure enough, the first stop I made out shopping today was for gelato. Can't resist!, Sadly we don't know enough to pick. Who is your favorite?, Sometimes when I'm hurting my thoughts won't stop going thru my head & I turn up the Vol. on my ipod, My brother in law has been after that privilege for a long time. Doesn't fly with security., PBR me ASAP., city have had to build a whole team in 4 yrs and over paid. Utd have still spent a fortune on players and have recouped some, If you know anyone that has a contact that is connected with the NFL Players Union, PLEASE contact me ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, When we hear 's vocals bounding though every hall of the Simmons Center, we know it's going to be a good night., 1ce u lose the capacity 2 be afraid of [what] held u from going after ur dreams than fear becomes finite..hope becomes infinite. -S.Pishevar, retweets? I'm lucky to be tweeting......, Joel osteen is soo inspirational what would I do without his books, Man I thought i found the love of my life! Well i guess its back to da drawing board. Can i get a nigga dats drug free and has no limits., RT : #FridayReads Faces of the Gone by Brad Parks...thoroughly enjoying this book!, Sunday wild far, #birthdayshoutout goes out to, Am i the only person who is semi excited for the new jersey shore season?, #TEAM134 ENOUGH SAID, Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous? Are you single?, Thanks for coming out. It was a great time and look forward to you being at the next one!, tried new lotion formula, been letting it sit 2 c if it separated, it's been 5 days & still in tack! Looks like we may have a winner!, With puns like that, people will soon be Bolton for the door., Parent: "Who are you texting???" *quickly thinks of a friend they would approve of*, Hoyas! Check out #GUASFCU loan rates--only 4.75% interest on a new car loan!!, is discovering the meaning of the term she just invented: "Sofa Pirate". Definition: Pissed off boyfriend. G'night fellas., hahhaa morning Nick, better get clicking those man shoes...we need some more sun!, Hey old dude in the buick, maybe you could pull over and finish your stroke while you're not in the middle lane surrounded by other vehicles, Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together., SS, don't tell Noobodeee RT haha u a mess so u like chocalate dick?, I love the sun and everything but this is really hot, they are homosexual. except the fact., Oh heck yeah that was bomb! I think I found a new drink!, I'm MC-ing a concert with The power went out, so it's Judith Hill Unplugged! She's amazing!!! And it's her B-Day! :), Hello Lets just start with #SHOCKED @ a Bill for $207$ for 13 days of Service.. PLUS Cancellation fees, Activation fees.. DISGUSTING, I'm following why aren't you?, no I'm saying I got your attention you be the judge and don't waste my time., Our Art Show #WarisChild'sPlay will be featuring some interesting pieces. Such as 4,802 toy soldiers and sculptures made out of legos, #PromoWednesday is upon us! Send me your stuff and I'll pimp it, RT it, put it in the Podcast, post it to Facebook, whatever!, Huh, there are 2 library stories in the Dispatch today. Must be something in the air., RT : in the building! NEW AT 9 mix on the BLOCK PARTY ON TUNE IN NOW!, Tonight try Fygar Nachos! W/ cheese, grilled onions, habanero sauce, jalapenos, pepperoncinis, salsa & sour cream! (Or try it on a dog!), Need to put some pizzaz in your holiday party this year?, What makes a beautiful website?, Condition improved= 1 Mirror Pond, 1/2 pint of Hop Trip. Pretty disappointed w/ the latter this year., “: #EverybodyHasThat1Friend That won't go to sleep so you PUT them to sleep.”, I have a headache and I want to eat all the peanut butter., hey! Ur amazing me and my friend r very inspired by u. Please hit us up, we think ur lovely, With a Doubt:-) Dats What FrontLin3 Do..., Yayy Britney got an award! :), I can't believe my first re-tweet is stanky leg related., are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 18, Burning with my Brother!, Wow, another Ingomar lawsuit -- just doesn't end., Why does it wait until February 12, 2012 to get cold?? Doesn't that suck?, Don't laugh. I've lost 11 pounds by going veggie. :), Love it! Two of them sleeping at my feet right now :), Oh Hootsuite, why are you dumb?, Yay and thanks!, 1 vote for Go Dog Go RT Today is Children's Book Day. What was your favorite children's book?, We definitely have that in common! Thanks for the shout out. Happy, Sorry. UR tweet isn't 'connected' to anything. What looks like a fake?, Do you know how many putts Charl Schwartzel had in the final round?, I believe it! RT : On 60 min they said that sugar has the same effects as cocaine on the brain, thanks! happy Friday :), the ref has earned the #NOTthebestpersonever label! “: Seriously don't give chance yellow cards.”, Thanks for the support Terry! Shine responsibly!, your pics r making me laugh! Thanks!, There were a few outside just waiting for you, : I'll pray for you tonight!, A baby died here in Washington recently of whopping cough -- have to wonder if anti-vaxers helped that happen., Thanks for the links-I'll look forward to joining on the wiki. For 2nd year in a row, I have a conflict & cant attend, Another twenty minutes of my life wasted on Elluminate/Collaborate and the meeting hasn't even started yet., I JUST FEEL LIKE RUNNING OUT INTO THE RAIN AND LET IT JUST HIT MY SKIN, Martin Luther King Jr. was a great man who fought for equality. He also hated banks and loved basketball games in the middle of the day., lolol that's great, Doesn't more surface area make it easier to cool? Less to heat up though., Board may examine Bales' mental state, Amen brother!, why u guys still tagging me... I don't know you?, LOL. Poor Ben., lmao.. Beat it., Funny, right? I love this new camera!, Down at University Blvd at a post game block party. Go Cats!, Happy Mothers Day to exceptional Moms, Dream final: 5th-year Kastle v. ex-Kastle & current world No. 1 Tune in Sun. 7:30 am, How did you enjoy your time with us last night, Susana?, wtf get outta here, Happy New Year!!!, not sit around all day talking shit, “: Cam Barker scores for the Oilers and Ray Emery is now in goal for the #Blackhawks.” in first game since 11/10!, My bf returned from 2 years overseas in iraq&afghanistan right before I met him, cuz the war is "over" now he should be safe~, Someone in the world is better off because you exist. I just thought you might want to know that., listening "shook me all night long" by AC/DC and sweeping the floor.You guys create a big mess last night. :), Thanks, Ashley! It was a lot of fun talking with you all at Rutger's. RT You were awesome!, -i want my man to have the best of the best.. i have that us against the world mentality; but if you lose my trust, you lose my dream.., your cousin is adorable!!, Don't give to get, give to inspire others to give., did it look like Orthanc? That's what I'd do with $56m and a product called Palantir :-), lol let's do it! I'm seriously okay with watching it on a Friday night too.. haha, I need a cocktail!!!!, Ready to see my peeps and head to the lake for the weekend!, Greetings all Follow me as I follow you..... Thanks, nuthin, girl! Getting adjusted to the new gig :-), so do I!, How many of those are Huff?, It was a huge success! We had about 17 teens show up; everybody had a great time with the activities and loved the giveaways!, Hey, it's snowing!, Last day of #FGS2010. Ran late for my first session, so am hanging out in a rocking chair until the exhibit hall opens., Please make sure to check into www.imaginarytalent.net for most recent info and event status!, Today is Take Your Child to Work Day. If you don't have a child, take someone who acts like a child., If some1 offers 2help u do something that u have done solo thn u ask them if u did it correctly. Y in da h wld they tell u 2 ask some1 else?, absolutely! Thank u! Definitely on the wine, Happy Friday to you, too, Good Friend! I so appreciate the #FF Love. You're the best :-), Amen to that! I Love that song so much! :D, Hunger games supposed 2 b pg-13. do u think it should b pg-13 or r?, lol I have -A- vest. But it's not sequined lol, I have so much to be thankful for: , a job I love, family I love, I'm making a difference everyday and I'm healthy, I miss the days of saying with 100% accuarcy "Bubba's gonna win!", Good year for you, sad year for me. But I'm here and doing well., although this still is baffling to me, i do love a complement that refers to being "perfect"... #i'llTakeIt, RT: where is Curtis wade<--- idk I havent seen him, Based on their obvious orange skin and too much makeup, I'd say that Jersey Shore is coming to TM, Hey guys tell all you're friends to check us out!!! :) like our page and follow us &NTGraspTX, Happy trees!, Go ahead and vent! What's on you mind?, For sure! I'm glad you're back!, If she don't shut it up then its #TeamShutItDown :), Follow the infamous, Dec 15, 1925, Clarence William's Blue Five recorded "Shake It Down And Get It Fixed" in New York City for OK Records., woohoo! Congrats to you. :), Rookie question: when RSVPing to #SXSW events, what do the mean by affiliation?, Letting go, just let it go., I AIN'T EVEN MAD. LOL, Hey follow me and I'll follow back, You okay girl?, of course! I work @ the agency that designs the posters/ packaging for Mad Men. Everyone in the shop is talking about the game., Only on camera......I am ME!, Thanks!!! I've got some learnin' to do!, Also Rocky loves emily and phone calls from home with be playing the canvas clash show on saturday!! so get as many people you can to go!, Gonna start my homework. bye guys ! :) - Danicia, Just like #2010, has taken over my stereo in, school be drawlin sometimes, RT ": I can truly say I love Beyonce with all my heart lol" < Yes! As do I! & Teyonce 4ever!, Milk was a #bad choice., “: Holy Crap! There are 1,999 of you who follow me and apparently enjoy it.” Define enjoy!, lunch at Bella Nashville highly recommended, especially the iced mate, Sure, why not? It's one of the best sports nicknames!, I just don't understand anymore... Why can't this feeling just go away., Another blunder. Hoops foul Indy at half court with game tied. Trey Lyles hits fts to pull off upset 75-73., finally tweeting on a smartphone from a randon location: johnny foley's, Just say the clip w/ Nicki Minaj - Regis shame on you. keep your hands to yourself., #NACA #students -speakers from Wilmer Valderrama to are visiting #college #campuses next fall. #prssa #events #conference DM us, We love you too., IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>, I've texted more this month than i have in awhile, !!!!RT : I have no sympathy for dumb ass females., What a fabulous holiday weekend with my peeps and Kelsey Jo! Its been a blast!!!!, shout out to the mad skillz multitasker who can edit videos and still listen to #sociallaw talk - edit my vids pls =), “ weekend in Atlanta”|Im planning my bday party now, The awkward (and annoying) moment when you're not allowed to wear "denims" in school... -__-, so depressing reading all these status's about the Chili Bowl..., Great day(y), I don't mind ugly art, I just don't want to look at it., Happy Valentine's Day!, Special thanks to for cheering me up last night, I love you! <3 :), I'm not really the safest driver. But I am a good driver lol if that makes any sense. And yur welcome, The Pope talks about Jesus with far less leaden solemnity than Ken Burns about the national parks., Decaf?!?! Decaf!!?!?? That last bag of coffee in the cabinet is decaf?!?? I'm gonna have to.... (thud) Z..., RIP, Davy Jones! You were my favorite Monkee! ¦, it's really a great feeling when i'm encouraged and inspired every day at work. vast change from my last place., Thinking jazz RT : Do you need lively, or mellow? I'm grading papers, so i'm going with lively myself.... :-), same names. How crazy? It's a sign that you have to follow me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>, hard to get a rhythm when you are forced to sit the entire first half., I heard. It's so awful. My heart hurts. :(, She's creeping out those of us in OKC also!, White on white baby, Super Excited about TONITE - - Sounds from on Deck, #parenting You are your child's best toy. The most valuable and inexpensive toy is the relationship you have with your child., The utterly atrocious & pathetic passing of Amendment 1 in NC today reminds me how horrific this country truly is against its own citizens., wait wait wait... when was there a SF location created? Closest one I saw to SF was San Jose. . .?, you are beautiful!!, Obviously you missed Ray Rice throwing a TD. Don't be discouraged though. The world needs ditch diggers too., I'm too far north to have kids. I'd prefer not to have them in PA but hey, when God wants a baby, He gets a baby, Y'all. is where it is at. Buy a bottle - sit - drink in a communal setting without bar skeeze. In love., Nick Knight! <3, happy birthday! (:, They absolutely would disagree and in a certain way they would be right., Andy Pettite to start in Rochester on Sunday. Hells yeah! Frontier Field here I come., You really should consider proposing your mom' mom-fu as an alternative energy source., I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough, Did back to back shows in ME & MA and left me thirsting for a third., RT : Excited for tomorrow!!!, where do you donate?, Success often comes to those who have the aptitude to see way down the road., I love that movie., Can't help it, I have a degree in being argumentative (philosophy)., we haven't forgotten how f-ing awesome you are xo, I'm the girl with the bacon tattoo., anyone still need some garth tickets? i know someone that needs to get rid of some. hit me up., The dryer broke!, Goodnight all..z, Cold water be good after a nice hot shower, Woman deserve so much more then what they put up with & settle for... (it's sad), Really want to go see the avengers, I know what you mean. The stage you are in now is so hard, doing homework:/, Whoa...Dick Clark was still alive?, This is not letting me consentrate in school /:, Seeing in public.... Such a huge step in our friendship <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0093>, 1/2 Off bottles of wine and sake this Monday and every other Monday, I will happily take all the cocktails, Tired of going to the club and not enjoying yourself. Standing on the wall or sitting in your seats! Enjoy Club 101 on SPOT LIGHT THURSDAYS, MSN says it is no longer "super chic" to have hair blown out so straight it does not move. I've never liked that look! Yay!, Did you get some camera practice in today? Find a busy bug or insect & make a pretty picture. Use it's good side! Tomorrow: hand jive, Feels good to barely beat a bad team. Orange crush is back suckas., I'm alright I guess.. It could be worse..., I really want to see Wanderlust..., a little bit of both. Actually mostly twitter accounts of or impersonating dead celebrities., you're so funny., RT : Q3: What do you do with your old race bibs or race memorabilia? Any photos you can share?, come party with us, and in Boston!, In class writing lyrics. What's everyone up to!, 1 out of 4 children has an undetected vision problem that may impede learning! make sure your child gets their annual eye exam!, 80% of all the household purchases are made or influenced by a woman., My stomach is starting to hurt because I've had the hiccups for like 10 minutes. The paaiinnn, She chose to persue fame. The risks were hers to face. It's a shame she was not up to the relentless attention., your welcome bro?, Bout to fire up Rock Band with and !, Hm. What book vs. what show?, The plan: Do something amazing at 8, fireworks at 12. Hence, Resolution Clock last yr, fire tornado & snow this yr, Ack - twitter spam takeover?!? Getting fake msg from followers and spam mentions?, A house is not a home without a dog..., Plus, you'll be totally ready for the Waterworld that awaits us., Thinking about giving students a pass for the day if they send me a picture of themselves with a puppy or kitten., Don't get it twisted...., Hi Mscayo... I know you sent me a shout out weeks ago... But, I just want to say thanks! I've been gone for a while..., CAN I HUG YOU THEN!?, New edit computer on the way! Woo Hoo #tax return!, Sorry but just cause Damon ended up meeting her first doesn't mean he should be with her... There's more to it., A new Howlin Rain record makes for a good day today. Happy release day and happy to give you my ten bux., Updating my online bios. It's that time of the year! How do others distill themselves into 4 or 5 sentences?, Studying for the test actually paid off! :D, Thanks for following! -- from the author of CLAUDE & CAMILLE: A NOVEL OF MONET and MARRYING MOZART, probably little fires. But they broke a whole bunch of windows to stores and just damaged a whole bunch of things., guys, ill be back in a sec, I'm in the cafeteria for the last time this school year. Come on over if you need help or just want to chat. I'll be here until 4:30., If you're not at the bar right now, get with it and tune in to & Sounds like he ate his Wheaties! #LEGGO!!!, Watching H2 and the history of Cocaine... Dude said he didnt feel anything but was cleaning his house and talking bout nothing lol, ": Do you think 's seven game suspension is a fair punishment? SHARE your thoughts!" No. He had been doing so well, it was fun. Just weak drinks. Food was decent, too., Bout to Skype with the boyfriend, awesome. Thanks!, set your DVRs fellow tweeters! is performing TONIGHT on CONAN. check them out!, #DragonsDen follow for some great baby products, you had to be a big shot last night??? // billy joel, big shot, Mr DonG, do you ski or snowboard?, Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be., Some of them do!, Great 1st #SMBMad for me this morning! Thanks to & for the great presentations about #UWSocial!, Spring Commencement Ceremony tickets on sale now at the PSU Box Office!, Yeehaw! SO cute!, Months. .MAY..MOVE ..MORE ..MONEY ..MOST MONEY.....MAKE ..MORE ...#MozZy wiT. The M's, Forgot about #Mifflin today and couldn't get home... blocked by cops on horses, barricades and general mayhem. Just another day in, Watchin Family Guy but my dog gettn on my nerves all this whining, Shopping for new golf attire this evening with my EWGA crew! I'm going to look cute for the golf league!, "No students is engaged if they are sitting raising their hand during independent work time" Randy Sprick #, It is too hot for this..., Psalm 145:20 The Lord preserves all who love Him, But all the wicked He will destroy., see you there!, Finished "e"... moving on to "f" of the wedgwood archive., FANTASTIC Job!!!!!!, So let me get this straight over 1000 of people get cancer over 1000 of people donate over a million dollars to support cancer, Gov Haslam: Our main problem (regarding education) is cultural., A little chilly isn't it?., Dumes day two days before my bday... Great, storm just came, I'm in an Irish bar with all the cops, #10factsaboutme 1) I shall not steal 2) I shall not kill 3) I shall remember the sabbath and keep it holy ¦RT if God's law is the only law¦, loved cirque du soir !!, I really still don't know how to use this damn twitter.Or the new facebook timeline.Or instagram.Or linkdln. Whatev.Im pretty n I can sew., And Councilmember Tommy Wells just walked in to our event !, Have seen enough neg comments about #newtwitter to think I'll avoid it for now - let others beta-test it!, So tired gotta finish my project text me., FEMA teams to start surveying damage this morning in #henryville and other areas hit by tornadoes, For many, a letter still says it best - The Seattle Times, Twitter is weird, don't know what to do!, Thanks for the follow back, That angry moment when you can’t find any meat in your soup., I don't like Celine. I LOVE Celine., Cheers! gift giving to oneself is an awesome thing!, don't beat yourself up, atima lol. you want to do well in all your exploits, that's okay :D, #IThankGod for another Life that he gave to me., sikkkee at least I know what the mcdonalds lady is saying, Does anyone need a prom dress?, awe hope ur week gets better, Red Cox lead 4-3 -__- Still early though., Mass murder: at one place by one person and more than four people are killed., #ocwcglobal What would happen if classical mode of education was broken down (i.e. faculty lecturing, notes on board, students listen)?, I've come to the conclusion that Herman Cain is Sarah Palin, only with less sex appeal., <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> KRISTEN WANTS THAT KITTY, I hate studying for the apush DBQ essay tomorrow, took me an hour just to read through them all... #umpiring later, supposed to rain:), Ugh why is it soo packed, it took me 15min tryna find a parking spot, #mithril is probably my favorite hashtag. Also, the silliest., Me and snowflake are over! :,(, I'm at the mall and #chasingthesun video is playing on the screen...definitely a sign !, The newish blue dutch master packaging is hard to open. I never get a clean rip off., Taking a scientific approach is the best way, as you said. Hypothesis, change, test, reconsider... repeat., That must have been CGI. unreal., talk that shit, i walk that shit, Hey, our first show back is going to be January 14th at FreezerFest 2. Come out and laugh at us., just watched "silent disco" I can't believe you took the other part out eitherway i'm now gonna throw a imagination party.. ..., Well Tina, Linda, and Chris know their stuff! Vanilla is eaten the most of al the flavors!, lol yeah... MUFFINS!!!!, Superhero Movie Quiz: Boyfriend Personality Match Quizzes | Teen ..., “: Life is like photography, we use the negatives to develop...” how cool is that, Good day everyone!!!!!, Headed to work., . Thank you! Hubs got me a Lancome gift set - Miracle - he said he smelled a bunch and liked the fragrance. What's your plan today?, Thanks for spreading the word!, Yay! I'm writing a story for myself, Just bought a mega-millions lottery ticket using jersey numbers. Better bring me luck !, With graduations across the country, many new #jobseekers are entering the market. How's your #resume look? We have courses that can help., just charge yourself $1 everytime it happens ~ Chloe has made a mint on me doing this~but I sound dorky~ "oh my goodness", Oh why hello...yes, dinner! Wednesday night?! There's some sort of 1920s party on the Surrey rooftop we can go to before :), Get the ball rolling, please. RT : "Kohl goes on the offensive for new arena. Willing to throw in own money.", Favre says he'll make up his mind within the next 11 days. What do you think?, favorite? Well damn I hope they only have 1 lol, You's a stupid hoe, You's a, You's a stupid hoe., In the fast-paced world of business, fun and work often seem to be an oxymoron. Fun should be part of an organization’s overall strategy.-JW, You obviously have REALLY good taste :), Need 9-15 people to play in Fantasy League in Denver Area.Draft will be held next Saturday or Sunday.Need people to come in person.Send MSG, Raiders fan until i die, THIS IS BRILLIANT. Why has the internet not exploded yet?, The new Beach House album is tops! #Treatyoself and give it a listen!, To all my twitter followers -please follow I am traveling with them to Africa to try and help bring healing to traumatized youth., "wounds are hard to heel. You just have to move forward and be patient. Good or bad things will all work out.", bron cant do it all, +!|~|+ VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE?? THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM, what's up for friday night? Maybe we can chill after I hit the gym?, - Thanks for playing! Make sure you check back later to see the full story!, Ima catch what I want to catch RT : don't be catching no attitude alright?, RT tayanwazy1 ConfessionNight I'd marry Eminem even if he lost all his money and fame. We'd make it. =), that is literally the two best song writers ever together omfg I can't even imagine how great it will be, Good table draw, Gavin smith on my right w less than 10bb and no one has over 50k chips, Yep, and education., old, mold... same difference. :p, Hey there, ! Nice to see you on here!, perfect day in #ATX - so glad I can enjoy it AND do some creative work for clients., get some sleep girl, gotta get up and make that money :), Learning I can not trust everyone only God!, I can't wait for our monoculture sci-fi future, when there is no Boston accent., XML, XSL, CSS, RDF...one last go-round with acronym soup for Document Structures course., Sucks for my brother he has class to 10:30 :p but glad his willing to take me home on his break., please follow me, Come on new york, we're about to release the exact location of the prize..., thank you love<3, Still sick -.-, Loading up to do a little Acoustic Show tonite!, Nobody here wants to play bloody knuckles?? What is this the SuperShuttle to SQUARESVILLE AIRPORT, I only charge $15 for a lease . Plus a 3 for 2 deal ., excuse my shirt.... proudly "wearing" a marriott charity walk event shirt xD, Boobs: Proof that men can pay attention to two things at once., Considering writing a proposal to present at a local conference with some classmates. Thoughts?, Going to the royals game tonight but wish I could be at livestrong park to catch the opening of the "members club" and root for the wizards, Or you could take me. Also, I miss you., Office space hoes, I leave the hospital today. And I leave Florida tomorrow night. My phone wont work in australia. So see you in a month.. I come back august., dayummmm u still have like 650 tweets to goo lmao, Castillo released. No franchise tag on Vincent Jackson., Great meal at DW Bistro (Las Vegas) -- great food & service!! Highly recommend!! (Fort Apache between Russell & Sunset), Are you a boob? Cuz you be hangin', ok, we're ready for another patented 2 out rally! Does everyone have their rally caps on? oh, wait., Tweeting in all caps = MORAN, If u cry u will feel better., “ "opponents of #MadisonPrep will clearly consider last night a victory." I'm an opponent&don't think it a victory. No one won.”, thrilled to be chosen as one of BizBash Magazine's "Most Innovative People in Events" featured in their spring issue!, So happy that you finally made it to TX. May the rest of your travels be much less exciting. Merry Christmas., have u checked out www.yatkids.org. Summer signups now!, red or purple lipstick today....purple it is, got that ruffle/prince thing goin on 2day, Using the quick tag viewer/editor at the bottom of the display window helps sort out embedded divs and other tags. :), yup. I'll be there Sunday night!, lol @ tweet everybody the way you want to be tweeted!, Thanks to Brooklyn Animal Action today, a wounded kitty found on Eastern Parkway will have a better life -you guys are heroes!, played ping pong outside with and the storm, let's follow each other and stay in touch. I would like like that.., Well you are right, I do., aha ask him for a follow he would u have alot more followers than him, Got a clean bill of health!, attempting to watch melancholia but i'm pretty tired so this might be a lost cause., Must. Not. Lie. Down., Sorry, I am just floored that they would print such a wrong headline., I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather, For a FREE review of your business I.T Including Networking, Backups, Servers, Software & more, contact, hi carmen thanks, Wow, is looking rather studly today during the Superbowl pre-game show., haha I look forward to seeing you guys in no pants with beer in hand. Notify me time/place and I will be there to marvel, OUCH! Mortgage bond pricing plummeting like a rock -->> upward pressure on mortgage rates today. Treasuries auction should be interesting, ": Sorry Fox News, no way Obozo would win today." Agreed. Surveyed wrong people., I love when off days are super productive. Hello to all clean laundry and lots of catching up on some of my clients to do lists :), Let's go #Blues!!!!! #NHL I think this may be our year!, Teams asked to notify the if times or days of football games changes by emailing info to . See updates at KUSI.com, The horror. The horror., Cuzo you up, Thank you for your nice comments!, Good point. Traitors be damned. :), Last night at dinner, I passed Paul the flower arrangement instead of the wine bottle., Age, gender, and social class determine how likely you are to experience successful (optimal) aging. Source: University of Cologne, Germany, Chapter 3: pregnancies, try a spreadsheet ;-), Love when I re-read one of my tweets and it makes no fucking sense. I'm a dolt., Nothing too watch!!!, Cato's crowd -- Thanks for tonight's warm reception for all of us, from all of us., Im upset with, its creepstock this summer. Starting with, have some fun! you've earned it!, Who knew we'd end up like this, Would u be interested in joining our guidance board? We r Looking for cons. & fam to give us guidance to provide exc. serv., Great high school transition meeting today! Technology, i.e., Dragon and Kurtzweil Reader are big bridges for access to a regular education., Time to show some pride Lebron! We need change for those 4th quarters. And not just dimes, points $#@%#@, So mad at, My husband and I both heard the shots. We live just up the hill. 5 shots. Crazy for lil' MV., Thanks for the follow......., hi Jennifer I wonder if r are related !? Haha :), were you in Kokomo???, Just saw a job posting. Gotta ask, where did some folks get the 'you should work for free' mentality?, So Much Gabbana They Thought It Was My SPONSOR, Excited for the Oscars tonight. I'm gonna get all dressed up and act like I'm actually there on the red carpet and stuff., Floyd took a beating tonight. Worked out because he packs bigger punch but I've never seen him sweat, or bleed., I can't handle interlopers in Charlie's house lol, JUST TAPPED: NogneO Holy Smoke, De La Senne Taras Boulba, Great Divide Belgian Yeti, Lost Abbey Serpent Stout...Happy Wednesday., Yo what up Boi! Stopping by to say what up & great mixing at KISS FM yesterday! Especially that 5min freestyle! (SHEEESH) lol, 2:10 and am touching the Uptown Apple store. Shade gone, last 20 ft tough. 15 peeps to go. Line vibe tired. Come back Jimmy Johns., Using #SocialMedia for disasters, AMPLIFY the messaging from a lead response organization, “It’s important for actors to have a strong and positive social support system in their personal life.”, I't Veterans Day, please thank a veteran if you know one :), Anybody know of a cheap ATL spot for & I to script for a few months? Needs to be quiet, small and boring., sorry to spam you but just trying to help make ' dream come true! Plz help! :D, I still can't get tumblr to work grrrrrrr ill just have to keep trying to reinstall stuff because this is annoying, Snickers #sb45 ad:out with the old (Ms. Betty White), in with the slightly less old (Richard Lewis&Rosanne Barr), does this mean we can perform together in ninja masks? Cuz I'm down for that too..., They were great., Aw, that's sad to hear! I think you mentioned one about sushi that I was looking forward to, I wish I can take my bed with me to college... my bed is a sanctuary to me, Getting the feeling the Mariners have seen the last of .500 in 2012., Heat look good, We are the #1 options advisory service in America. Our subscribers are more than satisfied with our options recommendations. Come join!, Does your family visit the pumpkin farm every year?, great win at home! Solid team! Still fear top big ten team!, You should hit up Subway! RT : I'm hungry. Bout to go eat after this class, I think and I are having a little too much fun at the library.. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>, y do ppl keep talking about tht wat is it??, how about milwaukee please. i hate waiting years to see people., fuck yes. If at all possible., well that's a good thang and I wish u didn't stay n San Antonio lol, Great Lesson with Patrice Rushen...now in my music of Miles Davis class... then haircut :), I'm still a democrat but I like his views!, MT : Hey nerds,... the podcast on the history of radio in new york is especially worth your time, what the hell did you block me for in Facebook? UNBLOCK ME,,,or at least tell me why you blocked me., Tryna get boston george and Diego money, stack it all up like Lego money, well you do that dumb rave thing at tremont is the same night right, I reclaimed the throne yesterday lol, #mdcsymposium Do we need to raise awareness among students about their digital footprints (privacy, etc.)? How savvy are they?, Great! I'll shoot her an email now. Thanks so much! Have a great day :), Restaurant Gift Certificate -- I still haven't used it!, Dream big dreams, believe in yourself, trust in God, and work hard so that those dreams can be a reality!!!, Power to the ppl!!! Lol, RT : Live your life with purpose. The purpose to succeed!, Should have consulted a musician. You guys know., I lvove Goapele, had the pleasure of working with her on Sparkle., I'm sure your beautious hair isn't gone lol, When call me maybe comes on during your MRI <, Hello eye twitch! Haven't seen you since grad school! :(, you speak french, spanish, and english? nice.(:, How do you center yourself?, You are welcome ! I'm a girl ma, #that1friend who wants to drink out of your straw and eat off of your plate after giving dome, True beauty is on the outside of a female along with a perfect perky rack!, Eric Bledsoe is on fire, I'm goin back to Cali Cali Cali....I'm goin back to Cali....LA HERE WE COME!, Only one person in STUGO for the freshmen class? I'm disappointed..., Nice! SIX new sign-ups just today! Hope other folks -- adults and kids -- will choose to sign up and share their voice!, Mr. Belding is trending right now and you were the first person I thought of., So I'm officially runnin ghte #NYCMarathon, gotta up the mileage for sure...., you've just taken you're first steps into a larger world., it sure is ... it was crazy!!, Tornado sirens going off...wind, rain, and wall clouds abound...fingers crossed..., you're cruisin'....you're officially banned from the mazdaradie, Watch our friend Chef Pippa Calland on Chopped airing today (saturday) on Food Network at 6 (est) / 3 (pst), Started at 65lbs of fat, now at 58 and have lost 13 lbs overall since the Superbowl. Still want to lose 40 lbs overall., im sorry:( does austin know??:( ..I use to live in New jersey but then I moved to georgia..So i know how u feel., I bet most of y'all is sleeping on me., noo dont go to bed yet, do u have a certain lust for life? Yee, Spending the next couple of days in Cincinnati at an #SRA section meeting., Enroute To Lynn to face the Generals. Stay tuned! We will try to tweet the game! To follow us on twitter!, Century 21 China Real Estate Reports First Quarter 2012 Unaudited Financial ..., : You should come to Amped Up!, Bumping tew the motto :), Wonderful stories tonight by Dr. Paul Osteen, Listening to Tom Katis, CEO of An incredible story and great entrepreneur. Thanks for speak today., Ravens going need the defensive line to step up which I think they can to fill the void of Suggs not being there, I have an opportunity if ur in the area, Right on baby boi., Yeah so I really really really hate the beastie boys but 47 is way too young. So RIP, Good morning. It's all good, I have decided I will visit Mayfair tomorrow it sounds so good, This world is trying to break me., Keep a roll of painters tape handy in the kitchen; great to seal bags and such, re-sticks over &over (even stays sticky in the freezer)., Hey I need your number... :) thankya!, retweet my boys and I'll win a prize. You were awesome on their show awhile back come back soon., follow back please? (:, Go Aztecs! We're taking BYU down tomorrow. Watch at 11 am, Bye gross school see you next week! :), Good morning One hour till the straw poll opens. in tent at 1:30PM today. So excited to be here!, Do you think its gonna get nasty?, Slam dunk contest is just the rap game now. WACK, Sign on tractor: Revolution can begin with agriculture., Remember to bring the kids in for 99-cent meals tonight happening at all Colorado Applebee's!, myth laid to rest: axe body spray attracts no women.. so stop using it. seriously., Birds are singing for the sunrise, This period is going by so slow -___-, Prepping for the new MTA site launch at 10pm tonight!, My Lab does the same thing! She usually tries to get on TOP of the book too..., Is there anyone I can talk to about catering?, gay club or club in general?, OKAY CUZ I WAS FINNA TAKE OFF! U GOTTA SPEAK UP! LOL, some new great sounds out here, I began watching #60minutes b/c of Andy Rooney & Miken Wallace. May they both rest in peace., 2.30 AM: It's quite late now. Let's make a phone call. -Hey teacher! Are you sleeping? -Yes, why? -Because I'm still studying!! FUUUUUU...., What will be the Erickson baby's name, can we skip last block tomorrow and get the bronzing going? <U+2600>, Best break ever <3, I don't think I've upgraded it lately. I just noticed all my social media widgets disappeared and my custom menu won't show., The Embellish Saga(Embellish, Justice Served: A novel of the Embellish Saga, Auldicia Rises) $2.99 on Nook and Kindle. Find out for yourself, This is about as good as it gets. 16, 17, and 18 at TPC Sawgrass., So Alex Green wasn't supposed to be the one to back up Grant?Because it looked that way to me 1st couple games., Thanks to for such a great college *night at the museum* The Villa is so beautiful!, thanks for following, man! Lets collaborate. You can check out my music on the links in my bio, Playing sax at Universal Studios then downtown Disney ....long day ....but glad to be a musician, I'd say ari.., Trying to find a resort that comes close to the Atlantis in the Bahamas. I can't bring myself to try anywhere else after staying there twice, John Lynch on Junior #Seau: "He pushed me to be greater.", Thanks for the shout out!, Resources are things that work for you. Resourcefulness, is about YOU making things happen., No faith after one game?, thanks!! Will do, I stay rolling up trees.., that mean a lot of ppl tlkn bout, Damn. I think I entered our bank account info wrong when filing our taxes, so now we have to wait for a check instead of direct deposit., Apple Brandy, Ginger, Lime, All Spice Dram, Bitters, Club Soda. #thirstyyet?, argggg. I meant = ( on the #cbmore front..., Creative solution: Disposable plastic bottles account for 20% of the park's total waste, the Nat'l Park Service in the Grand Canyon (1 of 2), you should always love your mother, it's almost like they don't want Otto to score and are taking dump shots., 41 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!, the mandala on the tarot card will paint a vision of your love., with the guy I like and she knows for a fact I like him but I think he may like her back :(, There is definitely a learning/teaching paradigm shift going on., Found my way to the encore lounge in Boston. It's an open mic. Woo hoo!, tweet me if you want me me to sing to paramore or other songs that you like, I got work period for this project slim #notbraggin. I know u gon get dat joint dat #boofini work!, Would anyone like to weigh in on this?, they also have bubble hockey. we should hit it up soon., Amber cocktail: The Bramble ~ Stoli Raspberry Vodka & Chambord combined with fresh raspberry puree & a splash of lemon-lime soda. served..., this is how we do it, all hands are in the air, refunds from here to there, throwin up w-2's everywhere!, I don't have a clue. Sorry., If the Spurs and thunder play each other it will be a good series though., :) hey you! I miss you on my timeline., Michael's Name would be Toast n they call Terry Eclipse lmao, Tease. RT Major casting announcement about a movie star and an Off Broadway play coming soon., Braden holtby is the best goalie in the playoffs right now, Do you have a blueprint, a map for success? Get it now and save yourself time & $$ www.ProfitOnline101.com, -Hi Jodina, do you know sailing terminology in Italian? My mother & I need an Italian language tutor twice a week at least., UGGGGHHHHH no Tarbaby is not playing at the summer DC Jazz Loft series the same night I DJ here. Bout to throw a temper tantrum, I can't wait until I'm out of school and its only the morning.., Great show tonight thanks to the hundreds of fans at the show tonight. FREE downloads available!, I love your board and repinned some to my wall. Thanks! Therese', thanks for sharing!, If ur back home in CO...head ur ass down to my nigga Young Crackas video shoot in lakewood...Sheridan n colfax!!!, Looking forward to reactions and comments on Nacirema tomorrow in #UPEIAN105 . An oldie but a goodie., OMG that left corner pixel that won't fill in on the #android #gingerbread browser progress bar. Fix it fix it fix it., Recording off of peachStreet, hi<3 I haven't talked to you in to long!, Didn't even notice you could write in the snow tell you sent me that pic. Cool!, Hey, Hannah is an a+ sister for editing my research paper, Any chance of seeing you on Sherlock? Do you watch?, haha "I do drugs", Tell that mick he just made my list of things to do today., how are the event ideas coming?, haha i knew that i played somewone last night on wifi that i thought was u lol?, I love the twitter app its pretty, Sorry bout that. :x, love u 2, Hahaha! You typed! :D N me mad at you?? Nigga please.., I am here guys... 22 games in a & it's time for THE Marlin fan & lover of baseball to be with you guys nightly., is probably gunna start moving this weekend and needs all the help he can get, any volunteers! :-), Never doubt anyone…, Nice! We did the same for the SuperBowl. Enjoy!, GOP shuts down first amendment rights (no signs in galleries) but allows guns in the Capitol., you don't "get" to do comedy. It's a mad skill!, Sure! How and when?, I just finished that episode too! Dice was great!, Had a great weekend chilling wit my Bf n family, Editing P2 today. Been exactly a year since my last P2 edit., No, I will not share my iPod with you. It's called an iPod, not an usPod., My dog performed some mind boggling ninja moves to cut her bath short. But I got her in the end., No on the train today. Not a good start to the week., Thank you Detroit! Truly enjoyed paczkis and everyone we met. To the start of a wonderful year., Kiss your life. Accept it, just as it is. Today. Now. So that those moments of happiness you're waiting for don't pass you by., OH: when you are sleeping later, I am going to... interrupted by other person: Don't pee in my mouth! No, I was just going to cut your hair., Thanks for the follow! Lots of Julio-Claudian pix on SquinchPix! Search for '1C' or '1CBC'., Good morning! "I am always doing things I can't do, that's how I get to do them."- Picasso. Enjoy & Create your day!, They are trying but need adoption. Android is way out in front so all they can hope for at this point is a small % of market., Guelph researcher launches website to support people who self-injure, Fuckin Showtime. Next friday. come get down. :] at the marquis, hit me up for presale ticks., Welcome to the good life, Can't wait to see FIR on friday!!, How romantic!, JESUS DIDN'T EITHER!!!! HE WUZ FROM THE HEAVENS!!!!, Had a fun time at A.P.E last nite!, ugh that's a little extreme but not awful, I've paid $300 before.. but I dont have that moolah anymore lol, Hello Celtx AWESOME site .Can you please add editing support for Internet Explorer., I love u guys! We made it! We r now in high school yay!! MAY*MY*B-DAY!!!! <3, I know, right? Cheap entertainment :), I got engaged today!!!! :D OMG I'm so happy its insane! Lol, looks like my source had indianapublicmedia.org/radio/ listed instead -- there really are no good (public) lists for, if the penguins don't win their next game against the flyers, i will be very sad., I FEEL ALIL BETTER 2DAY ATM, HOPEFULLY I DONT FALL DOWN, BUT IM HAPPY AND ANXIOUS, AND A BUNCH OF OTHER EMOTIONS, Newgrange passage tomb in County Meath was constructed around 3200 BC making it more than 600 years older than the Giza Pyramids in Egypt., all rested up post cinco?, is going to be a beat this week..., Success or failure in business is caused more by mental attitude than by mental capacities. -Sir Walter Scott, Look at me now, i've got like 15,000 of them! Weeping Bell...you stupid little slut! :p, uhh as you should. Bill Murray is one of the world's greatest humans., thanks come around for espresso when I open, Happy Hour tonight - see you after work @ Brave Horse Tavern for some free food!, Finished fan tastic mr. fox. Starting wishing for tomorrow by Hilary mckay, What should I do tomorrow that doesn't involve skipping work?, HAHAHAHAHAHA! I don't think there's such a thing as functional marriage. I'll be married 21 years on the 18th., and a bit of Folger's coffee? C'mon, you know you want to., what do you think about Intel's move towards becoming more software focused?, Ordered a chicken spinach alfredo pizza from Papa Johns over an hour ago. I'm still waiting for it therefore I'm still hungry! Grr!!, Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Feb 14th, 10:30am "Heart-Shaped Love" Stories about hearts and love-Amelia Bedelia & Goldie., Getting a little orange in my life!, Sister's softball game tonite :), 80% of population will have back pain in their life., Welcome to the Twitterverse! Looking forward to our Twittversations. ~Link See you in Orlando!, S/O to & for helping out my tweet game, Happy Friday, and thank you for your follow! Have you had a chance to come in and sanctuate! with us yet?, Cool so are you going to put up more videos and I want to book you for my party next year in november in chicago :), I am ready to be entertained!, SOMEONE BETTER RECORD ALL TIME LOW ON PUNK'D., I have several professions I have business to refer to: Banking, Architecture, Interior Design, Development and Law (several areas). Conta…, Working on with my buddy Hey he's gotta keep the name Meatball! It's too cool to stop using!!, Thanks, Linda! I can always count on you., Just walked across the stage. It's an amazing feeling!!!!!, Blehhh. Ya know?, I Love it when a homeowner fights and gets his foreclosure sale postponed!!! Happy Friday!!!, "Godfather" of fitness, Jack Lalanne has passed away at 96. R.I.P. buddy., same here. i'll work on it, ... it somehow seems just perfect for a fabulous contemporary museum., Hi Manuela,I love you on Price Is Right. You ar sp cute and sweet. :), lol oh wow, TFT Launches TOMORROW live in Vegas!, Thanks for the #FF!, Word of warning...it looks like my account has been hacked into...please disregard and delete any 'questionable' messages from my account!!, FCC Disses AT&T, But Lets It Drop Its T-Mobile Merger Application ..., Andy Reid, just think how much weight you are going to lose coaching in NFL-Europe---wait I meant Miami, Get down and freaky, ya'll. It's #Fridaythe13th!, Minding your business creates less problems. If it doesn't concern you, it shouldn't involve you!!., we are having a car show may 22, 2010 at 1395 s sheridan blvd. lakewood co. 80232 call 303-999-0785 for more info all can enter, TODAY: Dr. Santosh Kumar, University of Memphis, Addressing Stress and Addictive Behavior Using AutoSense,12 p.m. MGH 420, why you gotta mess with me guuuuurrrrl, usually the next day for ATT, Yes! Go Rachel and Dave!, You ain't got shit on me &, This dude just came out the bathroom stall & didnt even wash his hands Note to self: dont shake his hands lol, I am reading the hunger games and i just finished chapter 25 and i am crying my eyes out! so now me bed has a large wet spot., taking the developer build of Google Chrome for Mac OSX out for a spin. Wish me luck!, A Taste of Brunch at BullFish today, starting at 11 am! Mimosas, Bellini's and Food Demonstrations all day., Waited most of the evening trying get correct versions of ruby and ruby gems installed on my MacBook to run spree. No such luck., Inbox 0, going on vacation!, hi! im from long island and interested in coming(: im in the group on fb too!, yeah its due tmrw :(, Conspicuous #Prosumption: lightin' up the Twitterverse w/ complaints about a missing hashtag :p, sitting in the heart of karachi, the Pulse of the nation, so deprived of vision, brain drain so evident, RT Maybe a reader can help: Warrior Dash vs. Dirty Girl Mud Run? They're both August 18 this year. TBH, I want the cool hat., “: , Somebody on the jury a boosie fan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>”, Congrats to the 32 guys drafted tonight. Another 221 to go - plus about 400 undrafted players to get signed in next 48 hours., When white people call other white people "niggas" <<<<<, the republican party has one goal: defeat barack obama..let's not let them do it!, We just had an, post a picture of the garden..., My 700th tweet goes to the Mahomie Family, and Mama Mahone Hope my 700th tweet Gets Favorited and RT'd by AM<3, Is nicki minaj ol dirty bastard's little sister?, T Rich baby!!!, RT : RT : "If you haven't planted 10 trees, you're breathing someone else's oxygen." - Wangari Maathai., it has to be a play on my name.., Its about that time, Every performance from Phillip sounds/looks the same. He needs to change it up., When I was a kid I asked my parents for a camera for my birthday and all I got was a PONY., true but he is easily one of the best defensive OF and that's what he would be used for in that lineup lol it's only a dream, Migraine out of nowhere. Fack., im like a bat, i sleep all day and come out at night, Thanks! MT Dropped by on Sat night to see a friend's work --> favorite collection of art I've seen in #Katzen!, Tonight! and at Velvet Lounge! 915 U St. NW/9pm/$8. Tell your friends!, Good morning and God Bless you twitter folks!!! :), Confession: I secretly love the jimmy dean commercials. All of them., I haven't read your book, but it's about time someone helps parents understand the terrorists we call ex-spouses., U'll B okay" Bcause I'll be there on those kind of days anyways Oh & hey I'll just take my stuff back at the end of the day okay, Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. Mahatma Gandhi, smoking on that reefer got me higher than the tree top..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>, Zucotti Park eviction, #SOPA controversies, Penn State..., If today ended now, I'd be cool with that, Social ntwks as "info evaluators": how are our patrons evaluating us? Yes! It's why we monitor tweets & solicit feedback on Facebook., Good morning! Nebraska loves you :) #1DtoOmaha check it out!, KOMO-TV 4 at my home here in Portland... More cameras at PDX tomorrow... Producer in CA talking movie., We're honored to have , the 's + Amb to as our Keynote Speaker this morning, spectacular, obviously!, I swear we are going to have snow ball fights in June, embargo bro, “One of the most desirable tools needed in the promotion of economic development is a safe and secure environment. I will support and..., all these people talking about sweden is making me want swedish fish asdfghjklgdsasfhj, is fresh out of L.A. and back home to Chicago - you can find us rocking our asses off at House of Blues tonight., I'm not watching the game but Indiana is a good team & Miami underestimated them, Just Woke, Why must #heatplayoffs & NBC Thursday sweeps be on at the same time?, Diner waitress just said I look 29. Fudge. So much for the start of this roadtrip., charlie has some trouble with math., Michael S. Smith on The Martha Steward Show this morning. Great show showcasing new book on kitchen and baths! Fabulous ideas!!, I know, Oh both my boys are allergic to milk too!~ J is 15/30 to dairy!, My bad! My bad! Steve Harvey!, Woohoo! Go Ted! RT : Congrats voted weathercaster again by the Review Journal readers!! Always my Best!, die in a hole, Overheard in Lobby- "I forgot my belt and have a presentation in 40min. Can I borrow yours? I'm a size 34.", lesson of the day : Don't sneeze while peeing., My 'Similar to You' box lists , and, On the bus, thank you for bringing us so many quality fights., My momma tells me my fat stomach is the parking garage for what is below it, Thank you everyone for all your well wishes, support and congratulations. We are so thankful to have such amazing fans, friends and family., People are so weird., For speech therapy software better use of (limited) funds: PR firm or marketing firm? www.saynplay.com, Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice, and they are also the most protected. —Alan Dershowitz, Are you badly burnt after this weekend?, What kind of music do you like?, or just the sh*tty ones? what do you suggest in lieu? esp for those who haven't the skills to use other more dynamic options.., Oh my god! There's nothing to do., I'm sure you miss the NY pizza, Never on the guest-list, always unexpected..!, We can't control our world and what it thows at us. But, we can control ourself and how we choose to react to the world around us., be happy to help with #flipclass. I mostly flip writing instruction & grammar. Send email if you want to converse more., can some one tell me what to do, I just made a Pandora station based on anonymous 11th-century French polyphony. :-D, Sometimes I can't tell whether someone is hung over or Russian., The cafe is rockin! Come on by., emily does my lil bro hang with weird people, Please overlook the idiotic fans and their stupidity. Please know that not all of us are like that., Andre F'n MILLER...what a fake on Gasol, I'm getting fat ^.^ hahaha, Mark Zuckerberg and his #hoodie are laughing all the way to the Bank., Talent can't be taught. Marketing can., #AGirlDeserves A boyfriend that will text her every morning & night and reminds her that she's better than all the other girls., Club Play, Mansion & Cameo, Is everybody still "riding around with that Nina?"..I'll wait., he always interrupting my sleep!!!, Over it ., - my first thought was "holy cow, look at those paws!" What a sweet looking pup. How old is he?, I forgot how much I love The Lion King, Don't knock her hustle Mains, Best seat I've ever had on a plane. Row 2. And this is the only seat in Row 2. And there is a window., It just isn't working out., yes. Don't touch things that aren't yours., We miss you!! Thanks!! ;), NBA Playoffs :P, Watching NY Fashion Week clips on YouTube. So excited to work in fashion., yayyyy! What church?, Now that I'm a working woman, my life is not quite as interesting as I'd like it to be. Boo, Does anyone know if Whitney Houston is performing at the Oscars tonight?, Dear John, A Walk to Remember, and Hannah Montana The Movie are on.. WHAT TO WATCH!!!!!, On my break and deff gonna take longer then 30min, Anne frank gave us no luck...i better not catch westbrook on the streets lol, Today is going pretty slowly, but at least I have s coworkers to entertain me!!, Quote of the day: "Not everyone will support what you're doing. You just have to think, is it worth the hate??", What's your favorite sandwich, could you get your order in under 140 characters?, I'd really like a plastic box pocket edition but I'll be happy with the plastic bag one. And 14 lbs of cardboard., LOL! Only you. RT : Why do cereals have such sexually suggestive names? Frosties..Honey Smacks..Crunchy Nut..Coco Puffs...?, Too bad there's not a handbook that comes along w/parenting alot of people need it. Male & Female o-l<, at least he didnt have to stay for a long time :( i'll text him, i havent talked to him since five towns ended :O, Working while packing for London.... hope I escape before the snow hits Seattle hard, Hottest group in the mil right now sauve society XL look em up on facebook, I would say I need a cocktail, but then that makes me sound a lush - but a shot of something cold an smooth would be real nice right now., now i am but imma log outt in a few minutes. are you done with the picture????, One more:, If you doubt me, then you don't know me. I've got work to do now. Judge me when you see it tomorrow morning., and yet I still want one lol~, Thanks for the love on your site! We have plenty of focus groups coming up!, Idk what to eat and im hungry as fuck!., one MD librarian bought two copies of 's book from us., #everyoneisanartist MSG (another day another tweet), I miss being a lil girl, . is live Tweeting the Sports Emmy Awards. John = 140 character quality, esp. his #OrioleMagic allegiance., #Kansas University Coach Bill Self now at Green Valley School in Las Vegas watching future Jayhawk Brannen Green, trust no player. fear no bitch. give no pussy. suck no dick. people play games, and are full of shit play the role, and be the baddest bitch, lucky them !!, Right up my alley. Are you in Vilas? I have a small window before research group at 2. Then I'm booked., RT S/O to Pastor ... Doing Great Things in Brooklyn, So glad I get to sleep in in the morning, Reviewing my #SXSWi notes- favorite quote: "The future of marketing is philanthropy" via Biz Stone, co-founder of, SDUSD has about 1000 vehicles. We don't have the $ to maintain them. A school bond can replace these, now I'm just trying to get into the fortress of Butler., “: Honey nut cheerios? Maybe.” just had some <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>., Should be doing work of some sort right now, It's easy to become a part of TheCrazyJumpingFox. Just go by and like the Facebook page and explore to find out what it can do for you!, Glad to hear it! Thanks., Ruth's Chris-bound for one last work meeting before full #Coachella preparation madness takes over., Guided Tour -Sat Jan14, 2:30pm- The Southside Master Gardeners conduct tours through the Conservatory. Free w/$1 Admission., It's just the terrible Tuesday's setting in. Haha glad you can shake it off! #LOVE makes it all better, What's omnivore Michael Pollan eats is good enough for me: "I couldn't do without olive oil (Katz) & salt (Maldon, Diamond Kosher)", So ... How's everyone doing today?, Good point RT: Sometimes NMNH's curators spend months in places where they don't have reliable access to tech., Thanks for choosing to make us a part of your evening!, I cant sleep, and having a King size bed is not help tonight !!., we BOTH know that is a bunch of HOOEY. does dave koch think you're doing the right thing? probably, he will get richer off us, Promote yourself free on the site on my profile. All social networks. Follow 4 follow? i'll follow back in 1-2 days., Including a reading/signing in New York this Thursday, April 19, 5-7pm, I disagree. That's an incredible achievement., Thinking about how friends can consider them such when no purposeful effort is shown towards the relationship. Hello!?, “: Man I love those show posters! Who does those for you?” thnx so much! I usually do most of them actually., However, for Class #1 and Class #2, we have the Facebook option. I hope this helps! Enjoy Reinvent Me LIVE!, Aw, me too. I'm in love with his voice., Ha, what's the point..., Please check your email - sponsor related, hit up Nashville..., you put "London" instead of Landon. You put an O after the L instead of an A, Use things not people, love people not things., I would if I made millions of dollars off of it., they need attention too!, I think I missed the first tweet. Who isn't kidding about what? Obvs Kate and I are kidding about everything., I find it a pretty compelling idea. I'm totally going to stockpile some awesome tweets for if I get picked. ..., lol what I do?!, thanks for the, When's the A-Team sequel coming out? Don't act like you don't want it., natasha looks as confused as me., is that salt on the rocks I see?, We got the Angus if you want beef., that better not be my chair!, Oh, and come back to work here, will ya?!? We miss you, too!, Here's my feeling on the importance of tonight's Lakers-thunder game: LA can still win series without W tonight. OKC can't without W tonight, Going to start that way, anyway. The roof hotline says they're expecting to close the roof for scattered showers., I kind am starting to feel like it's not the same, Perfect for Diapers, Dogs & Daddies., Awesome! and what a hard choice! But I would love the donation to go to ! Thanks for giving back, Amy!, maybe your cover letter should just be more like a car dealership sale ad: One day only! Call now before this offer passes you by!, "Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." - Alfred A. Montapert. Remember this tomorrow morning! :) night!, great! Pictures if you have any also<3 (if you want to share), oh shitttt! Who???!!, Living life at Jazzbah!!!, #ClubiPad2 Hope I win it! Thanks for wishing us luck Shaquille!, Pretty good game by Young right now... Happy with him so far, love what Paul just said about NOT wanting to run anything., I hope Dawson and Bettis get their yellow jackets today., promotion on my page. FREE!, Canned goods may also be dropped off at the salon, or at Goodale Park on the day of the walk!, thanks for the RT, Catching up w/ people on Facebook, watching the playoffs, and waiting for my husband to get home from work... I'm bored out of my mind!, At the bellagio hotel in vegas have drinks with friends and listening to music and a bit of dancing., You guys need to expose tech hoarders on your show. So many better uses for old tech than sitting in the closet., Really interesting App Store rank behavior going on where there are seemingly 2 rank states. Will be interesting to see how long this lasts., Setting up #EMC Atmos, and #Commvault, tonight. Monday Backup Exec+Twinstrata CloudArray to Atmos. Thanks for the Help this week, i got hacked all the time, cuz dem police aint got nuffin on me! :D, cutest little man ever!, S/0 to on being a great friend !, sorry for the late response. Was great meeting you at the party. Glad you enjoyed it., I also agree. I LOVE Banksys work, but I always have to give the disclaimer that he IS breaking the law., Lab orientation at UCLA., Zombie Strippers!!!, Great presentation on tourism by Lieut. Gov. Bill Bolling at the Virginia Hospitality & Travel Association Summer Mtg vhta.vayamobile.com, Everybody know when you Was lil Waddeva yo mom wouldnt get you or let you do yoo grandma would lol, Nobody really deserved to win this game., Oh, good thing!, I would like to see on your stage this year!, Fab Design Tip: Cut fruit tree branches and place them in water. Enjoy the beauty of the branches then watch how blossoms appear., Best thing about being right under the roof: I get to hear every bit of this wickedly awesome storm!!!, no, twitter changed last week.. get with the program, How many teams nicknamed the Rams in the A-10? Colorado State are you next?, I yield to no one, Some people come into our lives, and even after they have left we still will always remember them because of the impact they made in us., because we will hear all about it tomorrow from our teacher. he was mad too., Alright cool we will have to come out there., I think they're still the highest rated show on spike though. Lol, That's like asking the creative director to also do graphic design., The Mirage., Driving around with one of those "Bumper Buddies" is the automotive equiv to coming out of the bathroom with toilet paper stuck to your shoe, "The hardest to say three sentences: Help me, I love you, I'm sorry", Thank you(: an me too, RIP photojournalists Tim Hetherington & Chris Hondros who were killed in Libya yesterday. See Tim at work in Restrepo streaming on Netflix, Did you know that on Amazon you can SUBSCRIBE to monthly gummy grapefruit delivery? Yeah. Regular OR pink., I have finally formulated my definition for Existentialism- Mix of Ultra-Cultural Positivism with Sentimental Mental Anesthesia ...Agree?, yea thank you very much, I'm one of those bad things that happen to good people., I hope my mama made it to the mil, WHEW you have taught me so much in 6 months! Definitely ready for #vsa2011!, Kk Jacob because u asked so nicely, Congratulations, Miles! Keep allowing God to use you. Be sure to post a picture of that baby (#juniorPatriot) when it arrives!, Kiesha had ALL that time to talk but waited until Tami walked away.... Again, Learn your place., MT : This editor lost sleep from noise of 10 flights between 12:30-1:30am courtesy of Ban nuisance night flights!, if ou have class at noon, Feels so good to get acrylics off after months being on, Great seeing you play for the past 16 seasons. Someone who played the game the correct way!, Four days until #NewYork! Can't wait!!!, Asked myself today: can u eat 2many carrots? Then remembered a childhood story of a kid who did & turned orange., yup. I got a two day rule. If that shit still in there it's unclaimed!! Therefore it's mines!!!, Great business dinner meeting restaurant. Awesome new stuff coming soon for !, I love you, Fact: The guy that stole your coat at the bar last weekend was an Oregon grad., I have just created a new list titled 'Investing' using TweetDeck, Join us as Stanley Clark students will present scenes from a play based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle at the Centre Branch on April 24th at 4pm., Thanks to all the Santa Fe folks who came out to the Cowgirl last night.... It was a fun show indeed., Coe Hall will be open on July 4. Enjoy the museum and park on our nation's birthday!, can u follow me on twitter bro?, which space is that? Very nice., Been lying to myself for some time now... Accept it., PD plans for teachers should be individualized. We need mass customized learning for students and teachers., blood and booze, screw PG!, Unexpected brief trip to LA for my step-grandfather's funeral. Hoping I can see some friends before and after despite no time to plan., Win a free garden! Res, church, school, or other institution eligible. Winners announced 5/1 wk day. Go to VGI website to register, Here in Minneapolis, waiting to go to Treasure Mt., ...9 days until Lisa's story airs....May 7 CBS 48 Hrs Mystery! Set your DVR's now!, OMG POLAND. I WANNA GO THERE ONE DAY !! I love the winter. Poland, Russia. Omg. <33333, RT : RT : RT : Man, it's another one of them BEAUTIFUL days in tha Duke City!, If you are at #monsterpalooza today come to the Joe Hollow panel We will be on stage for The Films #Disciples and, I put that on the hood I'm good! I was just bumping this song. #myjam!, Sunshine makes me happy, but in Poland at this time of year, is far from that!, if we win, we're taking with us on a shopping spree :), Funny how when u call the Devil out, the temptation or enemy goes away..., roomie just moved out., The childhood madness for cricket is gradually deteriorating. Now it's Football!!! Ready for the kick-off nd 90 min action..:D:D:D, I took a nap during the 11th. Just made a sandwich, I'm seeing this through., Don't forget about Man Night tonight at Buffalo Wild Wings! 19th and Iola! Hope to see you there!, Insanity is doing the same things over and over and expecting new results -Einstein <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>, we are fans of yours already!!!! who couldn't be a fan of a fellow flower lover?!, Von Kaiser is singing at Hula Hula!!!!!!, I have such a crazy job, I really don't want to go, and put up with all the crap, but oh well, thank you baby xoxo, Thats awesome. What song did you sing afterwards. Did you know about it., Thanks same to you!!, #FridayListens Audio re-read of THE OTHER LANDS, Book 2 of David Anthony Durham's brilliant ACACIA trilogy. Read if you like, Now on our crazy table of deals: Bowen's Lockjaw minibust and Firestar minibust for only $30 each, Awe I didnt know you were in the bldg!!!!, I'll definitely have to check it out! Is listing free?, #Dancing4thecure Just in! One of the top choreographers from LA Mr. Brandon Henschel will be teaching for "Dancing 4the Cure" on Sat Oct16th, Who likes the song "115" by Elena Siegman that song is kick-ass!!!!! I love that song!!!!!!, Fascinating. Wow!, Big thanks to for hosting the Corporate Alliance yesterday. Absolutely beautiful day to drink Pinots!, When is editorchat?, thanks for the advice, What do you appreciate about your spouse? How many things can you come up with? Don't tell him or her, just tell yourself., Thanks for the #FF! lets keep it coming! If you follow me, I'll follow you back!, All the best on that bro! I need to get out and run too!, Givers not takers aka the Good Guys (&gals), RE: Republicans. MS: "These Republican schnooks would be comical if they weren't not funny.", Do you ever get frustrated with your printer? Watch Icantgetthisthingtoprint.wmv, Shout out to the Baylor Bears!! Great win. Way to Sic'em Bears!, You must be someplace warm, I nearly froze today, too cold., For not telling me they weren't coming & leaving me alone I'm not gonna sign them in!, #ala11 lots of chocolate happening at alexanderstreet now in booth, please DM your contact info. Thanks!, u should call me cus iv been having a bad day and that would totally cheer me up cus i love uso much 6317640140, I'm now writing/blogging under 3 different Twitter aliases ; I've become Sybil, The Twilight Saga: New Moon' actor said his hectic work schedule means he never gets time to relax at home in London., What Visimeet features do you use the most?, creating a superhero called The Illuminator, whose sole job is to "make a spark inside people." #sometimesIlovemyjob ..., truly appreciate the support:), In '96 I was a fairly rabid Panthers fan...Stanley Cup days. But they broke my heart too many times. My son is still in., Hiring #Controls #Engineer 4 Robotic Co in MI. Send resumes to or call 734-261-9472., Stand out: Send a "thank you" after an interview! Can't get an email address? That's ok! Send a handwritten note for a stronger impression!, A player just bought me a shot! It was delicious because it was paid for with friendship (and someone else's money), what is what for ? Lol, Someone is going to die tonight., truth. I'll be back in full force in April. Best watch yourself., Before You Unfollow Me Let Me Know So I Can Return The Favor <3, Lowkey Mac Miller killed it right now, WA distillery industry faces challenges as the state winds down its liquor business with whether grocery chains will carry boutique spirits, Searches find hashtags... but just for past week. What about tweets for , say, #dcmi2009 or #yorkreg09? Twitter forgets so quickly?, I love it, tell me about it, Across from the Verizon gate in the east lot. Hope to see you there!, fail. ill do it later, Where's ...I need another pic to add to my Billionaire Wiener Wall of Fame., I can't believe this all they do is talk about you., The link doesn't work. :-(, Its Kind Of Nippy Out Side, We have a huge collection of city directories! See our visiting hours at larc.tulane.edu, i luv u on step up! Can't wait till vow gonna c it w/ BF!! Ah, With the convergence of the Knicks implosion, the trade deadline and March Madness, Twitter just might blow up today., Mom:"I brought you to my work so that you can skip school." Me:"Thanks Mom, I love you but can i just run around the bulding and dance?", For It's Natl Patient Advocacy Week, honoring healthcare professionals who work to ensure that all receive high-quality care, ": I got Alabama! Who yall got?" What u said b!, Muslims are advised to use this phrase when such names are mentioned or written, neat! Any big plans?, The louder a GIRL plays her music… the more you know how bad the break up was., and ledacris? Really you couldn't think of anything more original, why don't you hop off 's sack you lame, #10songsthatmotivateme - Rounding out the list: A Silent Film - You Will Leave a Mark, Ben Folds - Rockin the Suburbs, GB relish Aussie water polo clash, #88 | Art will no longer be silent and last on the list..., okay lena dunham's boobs. okay then. okay., #FavoriteSong "Don't leave her (If you can't let her go)" by Chris Young <3, Love it. Clippers come back to win, Griz fans stumbling towards bridges, & just for a little bit Laker fans can shut the hell up!, my friends say I'm a skinny person who was an obese person in a past life because i eat so much & I'm so skinny, Dave Thanks for the RT -- I appreciate the + feedback. As a new SM/Twitter gal it means a lot., you make the show ... sing the swedish song!, nice drinky nice opening, beautiful bar, you're welcome. Great piece., Lunch at Station North Arts Cafe (12th District!), Awesome day hike in the #GrandCanyon. Good luck, and please post pics when you're back!, . Hi Naomi. Nice that u got to connect & catch up w/ ur brother. I'm still hoping to have a cup of coffee/drink w/ u next trip. :), NICE! RT With the Penguins 5-3 win over the Sabres, the Bruins have officially clinched a berth in the playoffs., There were 31 entrants in today's noon $140 buy in tournament. ($125/15). The top 5 places get paid, first is $1488., Watched a clip of singing Miss Patti, and thought: CeeLo and Blake singing "On My Own" with Patti LaBelle and Reba would b cool., FA SHOW FAM I'M JUST TRYIN TO PUSH EVERYWAY ...POSSIBLE....LETS GO !!!, Ibarguen Miami defies corporate control. Debate constant, discover different points of view: prepare to let go!, What is the Faker crowd chanting???, is that trick to getting thru the ATL?, Whitney is my soul.., Will do. Waiting for my cousin to finish it., Congratsto Ben Hamner for winning 1st ever global #dsghack #dsgh #bigdataweek Thankyou to all that took part and made it such an amzing week, what is going on with u tonight lol smh??, Love that girl, #ThoughtsWhileRunning sub out, sub out now, I also love Roger Sterling., I think I should read fewer novels in the genre of "well written but nothing happens." Maybe a good thriller next time., "Knock knock"..."who's there?" "9/11"... "9/11who?"..."I thought you'd never forget", Thanks Mo, I hope you enjoy the latest podcast!, “Some people want it to happen, some people wish it would happen, others make it happen.” -Michael Jordan, SHUT UP WHY DO YOU POST EVERYTHING ON THE INTERNET, Beauty Tip: Put a little bit of shimmer on your legs & collar bones when dressing up., Those who think the know everything annoy those of us who do., The moment I embraced my #naturalhair man you couldn't tell my ass nothing. Thought my fro was the shhh :) Still do Lol, Had a server go down day before last. Just lost a laptop today. Technology make us more productive?, Appalled re: Daniel Choi's story on the Moth., we did!!!! Thank you., That's that Sarah palin...., This test really will be the death of me...., I have no idea, I don't know many people around here, sorry., BOOKED the lead in LETTING GO, a film w/ SVA directed by Joel Campbell. I play a widow who abuses alcohol after losing my husband on 9/11., Dan, Simon is very sick. can you find a phone and call me?, Bar specials every Wednesday thru Saturday 4pm-Close.... 25% off all wines and $5 Appetizers....stop by and enjoy our great specials tonite, do you happen to need anyone to work your merch table at The Hotel Cafe in October. I know a girl.... ;), "For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power, love and self-discipline." 2 Timothy 1, Here's to, perhaps, my last brunch..., I think he is considered a OLB., You suck. (Says me. I'm not speaking for ), Dear Investment sites: Make sure I've answered security ?'s before you ask them - I really don't know my maternal grandfather's first name., Thanks to all who retweeted about the new Neal Morse and Transatlantic releases. "When you support the music you love, you never lose it!", We must prepare every child from K-12 so that college is an option, whether they take it up or not. -Patricia Martin,, How about Friday?, #ifiwas...shut up., buy #TTYLXOX by on itunes...request on radio disney...It is an amazing song! you will love it! #TTYLXOX <3, Internet connection has dropped 1 zillion times today so no more email. Straight up old school calling w/ responses & no ones answering, Big Discounted Canon Powershot A2200 for Sale. Best Price Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale. Best Discount Canon Powershot A2200 For Sale. Free, Hopeing I get that #badassbikeframe from my Friend. Thinking about taking on Some Bmx challenges when I get all the parts for it!!!, 2nd option - major highway 2 days - not scenic at all. both ways you're looking at about 1000Km. I would consider .........., quantum leap, of course, I'll be biking around, not walking. Gotta have my wits. Plus, I ain't got none :-\, If you're going to wear socks with sandals, your socks should probably be clean., note to self : do not email Afrobella!!, Yes, mostly the W&OD trail, sometimes the C&O canal towpath. Going to do some rallies in the spring., Last week: dude on the bus with a surfboard. This week: dude on the bus with a keyboard., Tomorrow! ": We can't wait to be a part of #pcbw! Event goes from 6-9 at Look for too!", it was AWESOME. I would decorate my house around it, cause I was sick today and he was a total butthole about me leaving. I've had some serious medical problems this semester., I think I'm done ranting now. PMS Monster subsiding. I'm sorry if I hurt anyone's feelings. Except the creators of Glee., Music is integral to the Bible…The last psalm asks creation to praise the Lord. Vishal Mangalwadi, If you're going to be a youtube guru for anything and post tons of videos - don't ever ever film a video flapping your jaws on some gum. Ugh, RT : Do the #BasketballWives act like this becuz the players played them out or did the players play them out cuz they act like this?, my shit got the crazy delay cause i still don't see it, Lost my cousins in these streets., I love Pomodoro! Where did you learn about it?, watching liza minelli tell stories about her life, her parents, old movies and old movie stars on 's "private screenings." love it!, Guys are really gross., Wow! 4,200 Thanks! We love you little rockstars!, You guys are seriously so perfect together <3 aww so beautiful and perfect :'), Sexual Chocolate, ive come to the conclusion that were just hurting eachother...are we fighting gor love or eachother???, yes i think so too, Facebook... too cluttered?, #BestLeapEver is seeing my tweet on espn2, haha, love the channel and your show is fantastic!!!, follow folloow follow follow follow follow, ya supa lame, Why can't you just do this one thing for me., lmfao i totally just tweeted that! youre psychic!, It's Friday! Which means absolutely nothing to sportswriters! Still, I'm very happy for the rest of you., thanks for the invite!, yay we should hang out when you do, hacked by the lovely princess Kat :*, Bouta clock in.. best news of the day, when do u start? loool Miss Pasely is the head of year and miss Burnaby to :), Playing football with my family :D, im the goalie >:), If you still "rock" a faux-hawk, then LOLOLOLOLOL., “: Okay, that scene is done... now on to the next which does not involve ninjas... or does it?” / Yes, ninjas or I won't watch., May God Bless You Today, May God Show You Favor For The Days To Come - Prayers From Bro., thanks for the #FF!, WOOT! Finding it hard to focus. So pumped!!, hell yeah!!, That article was reasonably well written but didn't mention increase of Africanized Honey Bees we r seeing in Central Fla now, awesome! :) I am so overdue right now, have been so busy! maybe easter/passover weekend when I go home :), i hope ur hungry, pilgrim., In my days as a basketball fan I never seen a Indiana Pacer fan they are really rare to find, What a coward....LOL!!, lol I will, I love that show anyways, old english sheep dog ;), Haha as long as u can bring someone !, Hey Laney You forgot to log out of your Twitter on my laptop haha well I love you girl! Glad I have one REAL friend,you! - (:, haha I know right but teachers were saying it might be sat the UNM gym I was like good luck with that, your mom likes...big..,shut up, “#ThingsILearnedFromWatchingFringe There's no place like home. Except over there. And over there..and that other reality there, Love you man, but pullin Diaz from that fight is bs. Condit/GSP is not a fight anyone wants to see. Another cakewalk for GSP ugh, This Is For Them 20 Somethings. Time Really Moves Fast You Were Just 16, Follow me back; assholes!, crossed the george wash. Bridge for free..1st time ever getting in the city for free except for when I was born..., British thermal unit, I Am Thankful For All The Bullshit !!!, Video in #e28 showing communication breakdown between doctors and nurses. Wow--very applicable to other settings too., Not even Drake? Cold, Scroggy averaged 3.3 GPA last semester to go along with about 25 unexcused absences., Watching firenemmes if that's how u spell it and it's the best moive ever, Do people still use those things?, Ambang in the ring - looking extra trim for this lt hvy bout! - ms, Behold, I am coming soon! My reward is with me, and i will give to everyone according to what he has done. Revelation, Rolling along tonight and started reminiscing and then my eyes closed and then I remembered crap I'm driving..., I lost my key so I had to break the window open and it was really hard to open it...never again...I need to get another key., I'm surprised to see one of those in the wood. Kind of underpowered..., Now I gotta hear nfl tonight and espn dangle from tebows sack for another week????, Hey homegirl... please hit me back or DM me... really would like discuss casting you for our project we film in May. TY :), Just set two alarms for 3:00 a.m. Off to, Thx for taking time to follow~ Hope to hear from you more, especially about products in BOI~, Maybe I just skewed slightly old, but I'm incredibly proud I hated that show from day one., Legs Never Closed She say This All You Can Eat, what I do for camp rock 2, just cleaned my mums whole house top to bottom for it...., how r u?, Can anyone do me a favor and click the Twitter link on my youtube channel and see if it goes to my Twitter Account?, Like Says " Your Beautiful" in everyway <3, thank you! Have you heard the rest of the album yet?, Storns roar through region, triggering tornado sirens and delivering rain, hail - Worthington Daily Globe, Happy Halloween! Indulge a little ;), 2 weeks away from Twitter but the first baby grass is growing in the yard! This domestic bit is more than it appeared to be!, hey... make me famous... I'm ready to be in one of your movies!!!, yup yup, evil Koch bros own paper co that makes tp -- not sure which one so we are boycotting use of ANY toilet paper until further notice!, web team: transferring over web content to the new site with cms. lookin' good so far., Thank you Nick!! Congratulations!, wish I could. I didn't get to go see him this morn, Says: How hurtful it can be to deny one's true self and live a life of lies just to appease others., Supreme hat, buttoned flannel, tiny plugs. Lemme guess you like bitches and rap music?, one bald guy looked at me for a fraction of a second..., Who's coming to see us w/ Aaron Gillespie & THE ALMOST tonight?, Gottlieb: Turns out Rizzo actually made $1.5m when included cashed-out benefits., Still a SLIGHT RISK for SEVERE WEATHER around Central Ohio - if storms pop, they could be strong to severe. Stay alert and stay safe!, Man Alive! You do some good work, pal. The EP artwork looks amazing!, because of your tweet i can't stop listening to Glee songs on !, #IfOnlyYouCould get my hair to lay flat without going insane.., Yep, deposit transactions adding up all around. At least we're only paying one school, unlike with the applications!, Beckett is the bomb!, Thanks for explaining the legal ruling on Wisconsin. Good news for voters rights., Call my house, girl., and thanks pal, The parallels between “Too Big to Fail” & the #dodgers are eerie. Think about it, leveraged assets, no cash and a bailout., oops forgot the smiley face (: *, Think I burned enough calories to enjoy a few pints of your LF Bridge Burner Clone brew?, It's become such a cliche. "How do I spice up this dessert? PUT BACON ON IT." Even if it is the candy of meats., Join us next Wed 05/16 with guest: Jennifer Edwards Y - Young Entrepreneur Council, la gettin it right now, So many accidents when it rains..people in AZ don't know what do with themselves when it rains lol, Fuck you blue, i love you <3, Oh man. Why have I not been watching "Bob's Burgers"? Haha!!, I love you(: I'll let you know(;, He sure is a good actor...., not Jersey girls!! :), USGS is reporting a 2.3 magnitude earthquake just occurred 8 miles WNW of Bicknell, IN in Knox CO. Very minor quake., how long will it take you to warm up?, wat time does on snl come on?, Ha! It's a day at work, but not awful., Well welcome to the Cascade area and lets link...Whatever we can do to help what you do, is part of our mission., sigh.I don't have the time/energy/letter space to condense constitutional law n2 a format that u will understand, #shitfangirlssay he signed your shoes? He signed my face., If you love me! Here's what I'll do, I'll take care of yooooooouuuuu!!! ---->, I hate Mondays., And the twist would be that the cabin is actually inside James Woods! It's so meta., I refuse to let the stupidity of others ruin this awesome mood I'm in right now., Tablestakes is how much you need to switch brands. No more. #amahigphered Do you agree?, In the mean time the team will be continuing their rugby development through their own means, aiming to improve before the Fall 2012 season, There is something very perfect about my 1 month old sleeping on my chest while watching the 1st place, WOW! GREAT DAY OF FOOTBALL @ Clackamas Youth Football! SUNNY AND 70!, hit me up at facebook...kayaks will be in..., who are you battling against?, We are playing this Friday at Circle A in Riverwest with Busybodies. A two-band show. Busting out another new song most likely. Come out!, bracing myself for a day of internet asceticism, hey..... you gotta work Saturday?, story of my life. I've had one every day this week., If ever I travel with my significant other in coordinating outfits, my friends and family have full permission to disown me., who do u think is really making the decisions about yur healthcare now anyway? Are u a doctor? Do u know what all those tests mean?, Watching the results in NH and rooting for our friend Take the money out of politics and stand with the, “: Agree? RT #COCivilUnions will hurt children more by creating unstable relationships says Focus on Family” hell no, 95% of people text things they could never say in person, Wat I won't give for all da bad memories ta disappear..., will you follow me please I love you, Truth is beautiful without doubt; but so are lies, OH re : "I had dreams of running through pulled pork fields while it rained house sauce" LOL funny i had same dream - c u @ lunch, I just posted both your article and the one you sent in the same tweet...is that bad? Will you get sued by u-know-who?! Haha, #IAdmireMom because she's always there no matter what!, he better not, Shirley - viewed in its general tenor and substance, I forgot to reply to you! I think I'm going to be in DC when the cubs go to az, but air fare was ridic at that point. I will see, No doubt !!!!!!! Look on your package that the CD come in that's where you see the ###, I'm I lying or is it true idk I wasn't there?, I asked him where he heard that and apparently it's from Inspector Gadget :), I am pretty sure you'd see it on Park Ave. fur lined as well, Prescription Discounts - Discounts up to 50% - Kerr Drug - PLAVIX -, it's late night over here too! 3am! gotta ask u babe, what piercings do u have? could u list? any new ones u want?, We're excited to be a part of Chicago Ideas Week. Thanks for having us as your #CIW Community Partners!, I need to move there then., How long till SNL WIll Ferrell starts trending, Jury duty :/, Go Kandi! The songs sounds great!, As long as you know lol RT Y'all think Lawson was hoopin...Westbrook bout to run all over us in this next round., Rick Steves is QUITE the joker, RT - Just had to say I loved your interview with I really hope you stay in PDX! RIP CITY!, like the iphone add to Real Estate 2.0 map-was hoping to see virtual tour and mkt platform-submitted TB thx, how innocent i am makes me laugh., I got like 4 hits out of 10...not so bad for a person who doesnt play softball :P, howw oabout following me? who am i kiding he will never notice me :'( </3, Would it then produce a 6-7 paragraph article to insert the necessary ad hominem?, I know, I know. It reads like a soothsayer's prophesy., I have an AP Stats test today -___-, then I'm officially done with high school ., Romeo and juliet!, Lt. Christopher Mosko of Pittsford died April 26 in combat operations in Ghazni province, Afghanistan. RIP warrior; prayers to the family., I love boyfriend baby, Beyond stressed, In excitement of all things Black&Gold today, I forgot to remind everyone: The Bobcats are bringing home a W tonight, its pretty good(: and no i haven't made any new ones yet :/ but you should! Don't be afraid its fun!! ((:, the breakfast of champions!!!, "In order to climb the highest mountains, you also have to walk through the lowest valleys", happy birthday jamie, OMG. Can you really survive one year like that?, #UWM mobile app for iPhone and Android currently in beta testing. On target for launch in time for start of Fall semester., Everyone wants the truth but no one wants to be honest, G.M.N.I.: Two weeks. God willing., I have a lot of those kinda people man it sucks that's why my circle of friends is so small now HAHAHA, there's a Vietnamese restaraunt over on 3rd st that will take it, I'm sure. Lol. That's so wrong!, Dell's GUI bios is a PIA and pretty much sucks to deal with over idrac, Hey I'm Reagan's cousin...follow me?, No idea how is going to survive 4am-2pm retail shift followed by 6pm-6am police shift. #christmasmiracle ?, Come on finally pick me!!!, 12/12/12 marks the last day this century when people can make that joke about Americans getting the order of the date wrong., Butterfly crime scene, hi girl(:, Thanks so much to Media Mikes for posting about our film!, I'm ugly., I just thought you were going to play basketball., When two friends you're straight with, hate each other <, yo can u reserve some seats at the talented show from Knotorized Ent/Big Play Ent and some A&R's, Bad football day (UT and FSU break my heart). Good weather day (actual rain from the skies for minutes at a time)., "A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?, was great to you all last night!, another beautiful day! ice cream is on the horizon for me.., you got this! #Insanity is a legit ass whoopin!, An old friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a dead body. - Jim Hayes, Happy Mothers Day 2 My Mom Love u & Love 2 All Mothers 2 Day Enjoy Party Well 2 Day, I havent been on in ages, heather York just called Ed Echols ( head ) lol, Well, I worked a little yesterday so I could have the day off today. Spend it with Sabrina. <3., i literally cannot stand RJ on Smash. she needs to be killed off right about now., and I thought I was the only one who came up with shart inspired songs. "Shart thru the heart" is my masterpiece, i love this fuckin beat, #wordoftheday Fard (v) To apply cosmetics. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm., That awkward moment when you accidentally drink something that could kill you... YOLO., Thanks for supporting the Mission and serving the homeless!, Shifman: Michigan treats these kids like criminals., Tryna keep my eyes open..., Dont miss our crazy party tonight @ TRU. Feat: Daniele Tavella ask for Chris&Dave"s list, Current listening: STORM THE STUDIO (Meat Beat Manifesto). Fave group as a lad. Forgot it samples W.S. Burroughs. Beat seed planted early., wow, ur unbelievable, follow me so I can message you back!!, Checking out some tapas & specialty drinks at Bossa Nova for a late saturday dinner. Excited, but I feel out of my element a bit lol., Time to sneak in a moment of nappage., Back to DFW on 885 - looking forward to two weeks at home, Yes, that seems obvious to us right., All versions, all seasons, or just the current edition?, It's the Dennis Eckersley look!, Got it if you need it., I get emotional like a gurrrrrl when I get sleepy. New zac efron movie trailer just played and now I got the sniffles, need any helpinstills tonight? Ha I've got a set an a 1979 Yamaha cp70 that needs your signature in my van. Down?, because there's a need for legal middle ground between totally open, and the stifling nature of current IP system, Awww fun!! I still would like ur help getting these vocals back in shape so when ur ready and have time let me know!!:), I base my decisions on what is best for the people of the 9th district, I will continue working to lead Southern WV forward., playing with google wave!!!, When I use the wrong your <<<<, I really enjoy you movies!! Make more, make me happy! I nice when I am happy! hehe!! Have a great holiday weekend!, FYI and are singing show tunes in the newsroom. That is all., A day filled with Christmas songs = cramming last minute to play the Meridian Carlyle Christmas show tonight..., ESPN Fantasy Baseball meetings in Bristol a huge success. Success because I got home in one piece & Yu Darvish didn't make the top 30 at SP!, Taking My ACT On April 14th, 2012(:, Ppl so busy living in the past can't even enjoy the present smh, Its Friday. If ya man acting up, come kick it wit me :), : no want MY roommate, its an issue finding more. And we have to stay on campus. But we r looking at our on campus apartm ..., Smokin is bad for you lol, thanks for the love, Fuck the men ... let's drink to us!, have fun too bad Tyson Chandler can't play in game, Happy birthday, beautiful! Have a great day., Thx for tweets during gov's presser, #Nowplaying Loyalty Over Royalty by ft. and, Wizard of Oz at Encino Park Elem, SA,TX - What can we say: daughter's in it, helping create stage sets, volunteering - love the theatre!, hey man! I thought we were already connected on Twitta..., Lol I do that even when they are looking, Couldn't think of a better day for a baseball game, Congrats to , , , on the big series win over number 2 ranked Florida! Safe travels on trip home!, Home alone woo, What's the name of this movie on b.e.t. ?, All I want for Christmas is ubiquitous & uninterrupted 4G, For sure!, Good morning., Kids are at the museum, so I'm going to pass on crashing the party. Safe travels back! See you soon!, So I made this trending topic up and I'm in Twitter jail on my personal account -.- but keep tweeting #ifidatedambmember :) -Chelsea, So I am follwing - love the art but why ur the first person out side of my musical artist I have followed, #ThatDepressingMoment when you realize that you can't possibly fix every broken soul., should reply to me, and tell me how school is going for her.. cuz that would be cool.=), 2 unmarked timbers probably could have converted anyways, im following tellman, LAST MINUTE GIG! Spike Hill in wburg this Saturday at 8:00. We're gonna play a new song so make sure you come out!, Headin over the #carrierdome to watch and the number one #orangemen play marquette, Is in the mood for justice., Thank you, Jillian!, hell yes! Love my girls <333333, Don't you cry, tonight. There's a Heaven above you, baby., almost done with laundry....finally I can have drink! lol, that shit is trending again ?, six weeks and counting <3, shoutout » - Baeza fan, beautiful &' a MUST follow !, From last night obv.., Cool! Thanks for letting me know., Hm.... MW3... BF3.... Pass out on Couch Watching shows on teh Nook tablet? Cant' decide..., Tired getting ready for bed. Birthday was pretty good. pc4pc, RT : Question for anyone out there: Do Chesapeake employees get Thunder tickets free of charge?, never say never and have hope <3, youre right but its not like i didnt not punch. It broke somehow!, That looks like a lot of meal points right there... =p, If I have to miss the Vikings/Packer game at least its for HANSON AT THE RAVE TONIGHT!, then perhaps partner with the CA to share the prize. It's a thought., such an amazing album! RT #np Stubborn Love - The Lumineers, thanks to, wtf?! whose car is that?!, Just bought Universe in Miniature in Miniature by books. Looks just my style. Maybe some thesis inspiration, I am also here, hope you are staying dry!! Great to hear from you!!!!!!!!!! My plane leaves around 5:00 hope I can make it!, : Thanks for the note! Hope you keep in touch. (Are you on our email list?) Happy Valentine's Day., I'm extremely bored, Someone should text me(:, html/css driving me nuts., YES PACKERS!, we missed you in chi this weekend!! I want to come visit you in Dallas soon., She does whatever she can to piss me off.... Whatever, Taking #oomfs out this weekend ,, LOL! I am so keeping that in mind. Favorite venue? (That's the stage we're at), Chipotle! How do you do it? Bowl or Burrito? I want to know your favorite ingredients, so I can taste what you like. ;), Just spent an hour in the kitchen making some food for my parents and I'm pretty sure I just WON Top Chef. BAM!, The hair thing ... regardless of length ... is WAY overrated. Def lose the glasses tho., When I hear the recorded Metra announcement " . . . add your eyes and ears to those of our own," I mentally copyedit., "Each was, in fact, bound by a chain; the heaviest chain ever tied to a man- it is called a watch-chain.", Drawing winners for the tickets on Monday, you can buy yours at any select-a-seat location or united supermarkets, 8 more days!, Wasn't that a neat story?, I've been good! Thanks, just busy with INCTV. and I hope to stop by soon to check out your new view. :), arvo2010: Comparison of Photopic and Mesopic Visual Function in Early Dry AMD Patients and Healthy Controls - Sunita Saigal, May 2, A307, Photoshop nahiin hai. I'll have to use the picture manger. :), Don't gas me up, welcome! Thx for retweeting me earlier this week!, its cuz she's a hornball when it comes to him! lol, When life's path is steep, keep your mind even, Does middle school get inflatables too? Was going to invite some kids, I'm so sorry about Angel! Feel Better<3, yeah! Let's do it! Tomorrow works for me ha, Sometimes, you have to burn a bridge. That's how you grow., Tomorrow 8am-10am: Receive a 5-quart non-synthetic oil change for $29.99 and a FREE tire rotation!!! Not valid with any other offer., Fixed RT : True leader. Teams will want him till he's 40. RT : "Get off the fu***** floor man! Let's GO!" - David West, Me to but i have to coach tonight RT : So ready to lay in my bed and sleep, what? A self imposed suspension?, All are but parts of one stupendous whole, Whose body Nature is, & God the soul. -Alexander Pope, 1734, That one person you miss with all your heart,but know he's wrong with all your mind. <3, Any chance you can fix the code for tags like ´ in headlines? I see stuff like "Jose´" a lot., Now on 102.1 San Francisco, and always on 98.5 San Jose., not really..ready for the weekend?, what you mean talking about you???, yes yes then that is good just make sure u put "omfgosh";), I think I just saw Grape Ape OR it could have been a co-worker who OD'ed in purple, Erickson says BOT will address why it was necessary to fire Paterno, Hey, thanks! We have a lot of fun. You're neat too!, If you have any questions for our panel of investors, Facebook(Facebook.com/thinkbigbaltimore) us or tweet us, NMX Ski Cards for sale at DAY OF THE TREAD this Sunday. Embassy Hotel Downtown! $149. Come out and join us!, #NoQuestion bro-ham, You can put delicious tags and bookmarks in alphabetical order using "display options.", good morning, and goodnite ;-), Tomorrow Friday September 23rd, Salomé Cardinal will once again delight us. Fado Fado. Welcome back Slavic!, population of black people in iowa 10.45%, Everybody on instagram just wants attention so show it back, good post., Sunday #Packers thought: if Collins is not healthy enough to return, could Landry be a option? Market has been fairly dry for him., Working on some of that home-made chili for tonight's freezer party. That's when you freeze your ASCII outside clearing the driveway of snow, #FollowFriday #Bicycle Tour Operators, I want some ice cream! <U+E33A><U+E33A>, Yeah buddy! Let's go pens!!!!, prove it lol ;), Holy....... Now that's how you end a season of #trueblood!, yo hook me up with one of them shout outs (;, I love you! Follow me PLEASE? <3, Got leads? NetTel does: 10 already today!, Because it's just not the way nature intended it! :P, To celebrate Mexico's unexpected 1862 victory over France at the Battle of Puebla, Deming hosted its seventh-annual Jalapeno Eating Contest., even if things end up a bit to heavy, we'll all float on alright, Believe in the ones that believe in you., Matched 2 and the mega ball on one of the tickets..., thanks again :), I hate getting alot of homework in one day:~(, a week and a half away from being able to vote.., Omer got a big ass slavery scratch on his arm, WTF, And hes 3 years younger than my step dad..., love talking to my summer intensive dance friends :D, Big Black massage, the bigger the blacker the massage. lmao, i feel so good about who i am..i want u to feel good about u so heres a big old fashioned hug..for anybody who needs one., Too mini many coopers, I will be in Con Law during #askrepschrader town hall. I'd like to know what thinks about #ows, jobs plan, and the new FTAs, thx for running me through my best & worst moments & always supporting me. I enjoyed the ride alright., Go Packers!RT : This is starting to look like Super Bowl XXXI. Aaron Rodgers reprises the role of Brett Favre., they are 8-8 vs teams who are .500 or better. Let's not go crazy..., This music shit is gonna be the life and death of me, lol., About twenty-five percent of the population sneeze when they are exposed to light., Kinda the same here, though we had trouble hearing him. What would be a better use of the banquet?, I can't move, Thanks Miss ya and hope all is well in TX!, Loving did,,, help alex get #rocksmysocksoff trending <3, check out my baseball podcast you will get a kick out of it, Have a networking event coming up? Post it here., Just confirmed comedian for #RITBrickCity 2011! Stay tuned for announcement!, GO LAKERS!!! And come on Pacers and our Lobos own Danny Granger!!!, Working on an outline for our official trailer. There is so much packed into Gonna be interesting to see what comes., yes - even a little positive feedback goes a long way, thanks for following me!, Enjoy! It's beautiful!, Thanks for the RT!, who doesn't?, I hope today's class will be chill I'm not trying to do a lot, StratML Part 1 was recently submitted to ISO TC 171 for consideration as an international standard., I want to learn how to drive o:, Engauge is a very cool, social media savvy Agency in NY, Coming home from #Boston! Gosh I love this city. Had a great time filled with dancing, new/old friends, inspiring, talent, and passion! Xoxo, Thanks for your kind words. I like the idea of mobile learning to teach responsible choices to kids. Execution is the question., Hawks showed up tonight, Good grief! Is there ever a dull moment at your house????, "For God has appointed me another offspring in place of Abel, whom Cain killed.", In Salmon Creek WSDOT crews are opening up another lane on the 134th St exit from I-205 NB this morning around 6:00., M these cookies are great great job buy some cookies children, Just sat on a cactus. And this time not on purpose., Niners can start wearing those NFC West champs hats any day now!, #mywordoftheday #enjoy // life, love, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, lol I said laff cuz that's how Liam says it xD, When the effective leader is finished with his work, the people say it happened naturally, We certainly do!, I just sent that to R, so awesome!, Straight A's again, and 200/200 on my final. Why is school easier when you're old??, Long day of work before the, Love isn't blind, it's retarded., Behind every strong Man stands the back bone of his strength his Women..., sorry, I don't do "ethnic" hair, Joining the gym so I can go back to skinny dipping, not chunky dunking., It's never only about You. You're a link in the chain of Existence. Make a difference. May it be a positive one!<U+2728> Be the change you want., This class was a waste.., Damn it, I gave up on trying to keep track. If I get the green light then must've approved., I use mine when I leave the driveway., I think i saw a ghost tonight at work, glad i got my rape horn, what's trademarked?? not RNS lol, Danny Adams a talented long snapper from St. Thomas Aquinas (FL) commits to EKU., Oh, interesting! I've only seen two episodes so far (can't get the rest to work yet)., Featuring select readings by SMILE, HON contributors, including EARL CROWN, E. DOYLE-GILLESPIE, SHARON GOLDNER, FERNANDO QUIJANO I..., is right when ever I'm texting him I smlie, 16 die in attack on Nigeria church, According to , the Travolta affidavit is more creepy and erotic than "50 Shades of Grey", looking forward to your restaurant opening, will it be this year?, The Internet is BORING! But thanks for letting me buy 2 books with super saver shipping in 2 clicks. X, Fatty Cue on Carmine plus hooch-by-the-bottle plus weirdos plus maca powder is definitely getting weird!, you're welcome, Kim..!, Hey Austin! How was your day? I love you!, “A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.”, lol nah i ignore it but life's pretty good lol, Hey doll! Sorry haven't been on been so busy with school How are you??, It's great to have you back here. G and I will dust off the hide-a-bed for you. We can put you up in the basement., thanks was an amazing show! Was fun and nice to see u and all girls. U shine girl, If you get the chance to sit it out or dance, I hope you'll dance!, #WestCoast is the place to be!!, This week, is featuring a German Chocolate cupcake! YUM!!! Hurry to 41 W. 5th Street to get one!, JUST SENT YOU AN EMAIL! CHECK IT OUT!!, don't make me pop the trunk, no hipster boys allowed?, Good weed and cold drinks thats the motha fuckin recipe, Oh that's awesome. I also read Caro's book. I think I'll get 200 as well. What is it? Reading people well is 70% of the game?, Nice! How was the fairgrounds and ?, You'd be amazed how few people send thank-you cards after interview. #USCEdGrad Palisoc, I've seen 3 different people with their hairline as a tattoo today. Is this a thing now?, Neat. Thanks for pointing it out., I've never seen a picture of you! You should post one :), Back in LA, now its time to face the jetlag.. -JetLi, Reading about the "for Benefit" enterprise in , an emerging 4th biz sector that will make bridging For & Non profits spectacular, lets be bff :D, The theme song from "Mighty Mouse" cartoon RT : What's the best song to do a striptease to ?, I uploaded my 438 pictures from my IPhone to my computer. And watched the last 2 years of my life in slideshow form., " A leader is best when people barely know he exists, not so good when people obey and acclaim him, worse when they despise him. ..., . according to his old college roommate, osama was a nice guy before he started smoking pot. (usually in grape swisher sweets.), Is that 90s band or sometbhing?, shout out to for giving a shit, Thank you SO much for posting this & continuing to post! There are far too many stigmas attached-info needs to get out!, is too gorgeous :) follow back ?, RT : I'm now dealing with my poor planning. What are the chances that I'll be able to follow the Vikings while on the airplane?, I gotta say, Gucci and polo go together like vagina and tongues..., Latest reading of TINK! the musical was awesome! We're flying! Thank you talented actors...you pack a real punch!!!, hell no!!, Some people didn't 'Change', They just learned how to lie better, It's probably a good thing I start moving the weekend #TFC plays at RFK. Blah., Rest in Peace #DickClark. We will miss you this New Year's and every New Year's after that., ? More like Bleh_n_inbleh!, You guys! There's some kind of a professional football man in front of me at airport security!, Let your new life begin, visit www.meatspin, ready for tomorrows show at 216 Main Stage! Oh yeah!, Huh love??? Don't forget my meds have kicked in!! lol, Big game today: Miami Heat at Boston Celtics. Hope , , and are rooting for the Celtics!, Niggga be money hungry out here though!! .. head be low..so i bow down...Fam begging .. trying to get my own ...but these folks smh!, Hunt: lesson 2 is to question stereotypes, always., 1 30 am on the way to the usa usa here i come, Don't understand why they didn't just show her video of things he said. Would have put a stop to this craziness., "NOTHING has ever worked for me. But FINALLY, I found a weight-loss pill that WORKS. All Natural, Safe & Effective" - Your Weight-Loss Coach, It's virtual Friday. Hopefully the day won't drag on too slowly., Too many people in my house to focus on my work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>, - Didn't see u at MegaCon... Will u be going to ?, On chill where J.o., same here lol my friends thout i was spoiled because i met my insperation, plus call me sometime. I'm here, what are you going to bring in next week m-f? CC:, w| #tiffany #danilo #christian , throw down's and blunts, ‘I make it a rule never to get involved with possessed people.’ ~ Dr. Peter Venkman (Ghostbusters), lots of snow coming. more sleep and eat all day. miss u, When your so hungry that you could eat a pony.., Where's your partner in crime? Yoohoo :::waiving furiously::::, So much to do before the show Friday. Make cd's/samplers make samples for new songs shave my dirt stash ect..., Kudos to the people making my hometown a little better. Keep at it,, Send me a roll via text lol, Thank you!! RT : Shouting out for a good cause :), Only two weeks until we enter escrow on the Pacific View Elementary School site. 2 events are planned to announce the campaign: 4/18 + 5/2, RT : Stunning fact: Endeavor burns 11,000lbs of fuel per SECOND on liftoff, Getting started on new tunes with , today! Boom!, that was strike 3, Polynesian boys . . . . Hm ? *gets an idea* lol naaaaa, buy me one, too! oh, wait. Can't drink... I'll have a cupcake!, You know you're a foodie when a bad meal still pisses you off hours after the fact., guess who this line for! All I eat is big sandwichs n bacon still aint get pulled over boy!!!!, you notice allof your Angels but us.And watch;we won't get a tweet,RT&DM.We won't even get one of those.We're 100% sure of that, RT One of my dad's old friends, Gavin Smith has been missing since May 1st. Please pray for him and his family., I haven't actually clammed since moving to the west coast. No explanation. I used to in Rhode Island., getting things done today did not happen, Alex, I'll take 'Signs this will be a long season for the Pirates' for $100 please., Larry: "Oh, I see. It's because of my affliction, isn't it?", hell the last one when she had the baby, Bah @ the weather in #DC today, #Sixers just burning #Celtics right now, up 43-32. Run and gun, baby., only when it comes to taking over the world w/ u!!!, I'm glad I have a best friend like ! Idk what I'd do without herr!!, I get to see tomorrow :), me too!! I never trust a dog to watch my food I like to use the word dude as a noun or an adverb or an adjective, hey! Athena's great! And no she's not my sister, but she's my really great friend! :), Now: Sheela Jane Menon on Malaysian sense of masculinity, My.back.fucking.hurts., One of the awesome things about being a Yale Teacher Inst. fellow is the access to the Yale Library resources from home., Love you!! Thank you darling :), Get twitter world!!!!!!!!, Three push, 5 mass texts in a matter of 3 minutes,, smh lol and you all skinny let me be eatin like that im gon be one of them fat chicks, it's australia day! time to find a bbq and a beer, Bad City music making sweat shop, going strong real strong, you've been in a cave, B!!! Lol see you miss lots!, I love when my Memaw asks me if I wanna go get my eyebrows done #uhhhhofcourse <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>, TOMORROW IS FRIDAY THE 13TH AND GUESS WHO'S PLAYING JASON???, I would do nothing. I would relax, I would sit on my ass all day, I would do nothing., Im the shit bitch you the paper i wipe with, uhh all I know is it's off panama Ln From the 99 ha, Updating Entire Facebook Page and Adding a "Like" coupon code for all likes :) enjoy your weekend everyone!, I think you should change your last name to Dolin!, Have you read Ray Kurzweils The Singularity is Near? It is about the future of the human race. It is optimistic., Check out our kick-ass new Twitter, FML.. Like seriously!., Have you seen this video where Michelle in marketing talks about and his crazy, I like that kind of change, what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 10, RT : Deficit deal also has added benefit of further irritating Paul Krugman.|Asshole. Reporters are supposed to be unbiased., Are you suggesting Republicans want the economy to fail?, A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying.", Its either a Vette or a Camaro man I want them both! Love those cars.., “: What #bike was the star of last night., gchs and warren;), thanks for the RT - how do you spell tax payer relief:, Good morning everyone (good morning mentions please ), just spent almost $100 on books for school & my own personal edification. sad about the amount but happy about the product., yay just let me know. :), Since, my friend, you have revealed your deepest fear I sentence you to be exposed before your peers. TEAR DOWN THE WALL!!!!, real laughing shit be funny, Me: *makes weird bird noise* Mrs. Lowery: Madeline! Do I need to move yall? Me: *small voice* no..., thanks for sharing my tweets!, Great to finally meet you this weekend. See you on the course again soon!, I love u Danielle, If #Lebron is walking down the sidewalk and trips over his own feet and falls...do refs pop out of the bushes to give him an And-1?, Haven't been on Twitter in a minute. Sister kickin' S/Os makes it easy to come back. Love u sis., Mustard exclusive. On C-SPAN now, talking about sandwiches served at the White House during meeting with Hill leaders., You lucky GMT bastard., To. Early. The lab better have my paperwork this morning. So tired of all these blood draws., Thanks for the RT!, “Impatience never commanded success.”, That sounds aweso...wait... DISNEY?! I revoke my previous statement., ! Good Night Desde Sacramento, CA. ; ) !, vital K is selling like hotcakes. make sure you get yours before its all gone. great coupon, It's amazing how the scent of a small dead skunk can impact such a large area. You can smell it for miles. It's just like a bad attitude., Last real week of high school. This is too weird., Driving past Disneyland, remembering the last time I went...um, November 1982!!, Real promise with Epke, Larry. Feel good where we are. Need to get better, especially with big men, Why the fuck would you say that? RT : Parents don't care about your happiness, they just care about your safety., Awh(: good baby I LOVE YOU BABY(: I going to be sleeping good to(:, Kid's laptop in class yells "You've got mail!" AOL still does that? Who uses AOL mail anyways? Haha., Think of it like Santa Claus: We know when you've been sleeping; we know when you're awake..., WOW I have 4 followers within 10 minutes, that's amazing!!!, What's you're favorite #Easter candy???? I love Snickers Eggs! yummy :), K , fine I unfollow he's too arrogant :P, #Weather Forecast for Tuesday, They're definitely self-identified as academics before anything else, although non-profit, ironically, often defines THEM., I can build a functional calculator with PPT like tools in #Storyline, I'll guarantee there was more design..., Some how its addictive tho i want more... I dont understand my minds playin tricks on me, #ff First rate humans, & fans of the first division #Mets -, Too bad you don't have an iPad to pass the time, #bro. They're tits. GOOD LUCK! xoxox, me to follow please, Congrats in either case!, Crews resume search for missing Portland woman at Table Mountain today at 7am. Say her chances for survival are still good.., Let's see yours Megan! RT : Glad I'm on #TeamYPs...wouldn't want to go up against that game face!, bye ain't no one show&& off...so we goin bowling of skating ???, Reading, "Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man," for some insight., Some couples are so cute., I lost the 10 dollars, this time for real! #MyKindOfLuck haha, What does your gut say re: Shaq and Armstead?, Good morning sweet healthy souls <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> "fall in love with jesus", “: Is it too early for me to be this drunk?” No., #Malmont, The Astounding, the Amazing, & the Unknown. Golden Age SF writers in WWII, loosely historical. Great idea; deserves a better novel, Have you visited our booth at #SHRM11 yet? Stop by to find out why we are your opportunity university!, Veggies make great snacks. They can get you through the hunger pangs if you are having them., Samsung reveals new flagship Galaxy smartphone, You did!, Extreme head ache., In that dancing mod (:, lmao! M Chinese would be bomb right now, care to explain?, Celebrate your appetite. Dance in your desire. Live, in your pleasure., Every Monday in May will donate 20% of your purchase to MM when you say "Metropolitan Ministries" at time of purchase!, “: I wonder how police on bikes arrest people. “Alright, get in the basket.””, Everyone who got to meet Liam today, I envy you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, Thank you! I buy most of them from Katastrophic., Seriously, I'm physically shaking., I believe in the power of finding your VOICE in WRITING! Join us for "IGNITE THE WRITER WITHIN!" Tele-Course! www.wppiuignite.com, O.M.G I GOT MY LITTLE MONSTERS INVITE, the slippers would look hot in the calendar...but you gotta find a matching hat to go with them for a winter month., Thanks for following us!, #SayfieMeetup Las Olas event was great. Had first up close & personal chat with a Tea Party leader. I liked her!, and she's right!, Like a cat I pulled a chair into a sunbeam in the back of the meeting room., Thanks, babe. Hope you're having a nice weekend!, My friend will be pleased to see that I'm tweeting. I must follow people as well. Will do., Baby, you've been driving me crazy, Can't say it any clearer than that, no idea, be mobbed, I need to get a ticket too, Rough flight.., Why thank you sir!!!! The otter pun was ESPECIALLY fantastic! ;), Congrats to my old boss on winning the Swarovski Award for Womenswear! So happy for you, Prabal., Happy Birthday to gonna be a good year!, good luck over there bro, Just placed my order for the candied yam cupcakes!, First project under my company is now officially SAG signatory!, Tom Brady will be fine, to early to freak out., Bout to make me Famous in his Ratchet video lmao!!!, What's your damage Heather?, Pretty sure ESPN was reporting this at 1PM yesterday afternoon. Still not confirmed?, Time to get down target style at show in joliet :), #hallyu comes to my neighborhood: was first and now , dueling froyo joints in, On to the next one., hahahah :D thanks for accepting lol! did you already write a review at rarero? xD if not please write one ..lololol!, That's a hot avatar picture, gurrrlieee!!!, Yes, kill. Kill indeed., You dont fuck wit do you .... Stop it, omg its so hard to get a hold of u. ur not on twitter or ur phone and i dont hav fb.. ga, 50% of teachers leave within 5 years!! The discussion now is WHY????, Really enjoying walking around NYC w soundtrack to THE ARTIST playing on shuffle. The visuals magically match the orchestrations., congrats my brother. What an accomplishment. Celebrar anoche?, B Shutz: Gold OA allows teachers and concerned citizens to remain inside the scholarly community., Im listening to chill vol 1 smoking bowls and it was only 3 weeks ago today when it was released im still impressed with myself..., My middle finger salutes you, happy birthday!!!!! Hope you have an awesome day!!(:(:(: <3, Sounds like it's based on the BBC show - in which a real life millionaire surprises people in need?, going off-line today; don't miss these great shows this week: Benny Goodman (Tue/Wed); Wicked Divas (Thu/Fri); Gospel (Sat), I am so blessed to be where I am right now. Way too many good people in this world to focus on a few bad ones., lol I don't reblog that stuff, I'm so bored on the bus!!, Today is National Stalker Awareness Day. Its time for all of those Stalkers out there to make sure you know they care..alot, it's all good, I fell outta my seat at the bar in Fridays the other day and I wasn't even drunk yet ;), checked out your tracks, very nice!, haha! You saved so much money on your car insurance!, what u think of Nick?, Last meeting of the CA970 grad seminar to be held at the Terrace? Yes, please! Another reason to love, Tyler, you know you can pull off anything. Even that horrible all jean outfit. Haha ;), this.. J. Cole is *head bopping* gr8, Ya see a guy with one leg, he's got a story, #NP Vain by Dwele and its hot! S/O to, Players are back from break, blinds are now 400/800 with a 100 ante, Whatever it is, it's not over yet., lol how u been? Aye I wanna go to dallas -__-, Has anyone seen the cover of Men's Health this month? I see Zac Efron is in good health.., I don't want another pretty face, I don't want just anyone to hold. I don't want my love to go to waste, I want you and your beautiful soul, "What kind of dog is this?" "Uh, this is a tortes" hahahahah, go back to being a medicore program and stop being better than 90 percent of teams that come to kohl center, Just go ahead and audition well, cry a little when you don't get the role you want, but never ask why. ~Michael Shurtleff, we just love our cats don't we?, Uploaded my first YouTube video, it's me ranting about people and things that piss me off. *cross fingers* i hope it's good., The man still makes me giggle like a school girl. Loved bit where he had all his books, movies, albums to promote. on Leno, you're gonna be fuckin' awesome!, What position do you play?You look like you travel alot lls., Same to you! I'm be at #salesforce #cloudforce NYC. Let's meetup., Whippin through the house on bladed. TFTC, I been ghost..busy busy busy, sorry the last post was for you he is good...I'm 7 weeks pregnant, Exactly 100 years ago (to the minute) the #Titanic sank. Chilling, horrifying, scary stuff., I'm setting up tent first week of summer and not leaving., happy birthday hun! love and miss you so much! will always be your #1 supporter! enjoy today<3 see you soon!, Thanks for the RT!, way to go!, You can get one of those if you call it an Intern., Dentist appointment today! Gotta get these pearly whites more pearly!, My doctor's intern is so cute, Anyone have a good natural relief for an earache?, Cougar Nation let's welcome our latest signee 6-10 C Valentine Izundu to the UH family!!!, I feel gross at how excited I am for this. Im geekin' out on photoshop., Love your background. Bless his beautiful heart :-), I'm able to be on 360 an do social networking thanks to my NETGEAR router :-), LOL Logan hasnt stopped talking abt his new twitter family & how nice Dog and crew are, now hes convinced my brother to get a twitter :), I love that it was too much work to type "three times." Adorbs. X3, I'm feeling _______ this morning. Do tell ;), would you have made those kind of throws?, sad! they're taking the melrose out of melrose place., OwO am in love. I think I'm going to need to acquire some money before you get into MKE so I can BUY ALL THE THINGS<U+2661>, THIS IS SO TRUE. Shut up and Watch!, Have you read Strayed's new one yet, Anne? I just picked it up but haven't started it yet. Great piece on here in P&W this month., follow me, We're finding people from the Indy area to follow, follow us back and say hi!, I think it got warmer..., could just be my imagination playing tricks on me though., I was in such a great mood. Now I feel like throwing up., You create your own momentum., Bout to put it down with and the Maurice Brown Effect tonight in Little Rock Arkansas...7 and 830pm sets, rain or shine!!, I 2nd that, I miss you more! Congratulations on your new internship! I want to hear all about it! Let's chat soon :)., i love getting ur goodmorning tweets everyday on my phone (: RT? <3, Nap + playing with fun iPad apps = nothing done for tomorrow. Oops?, Just got back from Jersey...Had a snooki sighting..Had a blast!, Just noticed I now have access to the social reporting in Google Analytics. Now I'll have to spend some time digging in!, You look amazing! You should just wear that everywhere. Church anyone?, The Krusty Krab Pizza is the pizza for you and me!, Using the #cross as a symbol for #Christ is like using a sniper rifle as a symbol for JFK. Let's admit that the cross is a symbol of, thank you so much for serving., have a great day, #FF She learns the A through Z of everything... well, maybe not the G, the O, or the P. But she's cool with that. :), Just finished our 1st #HealthLiteracy Train the Trainer w/ ! 10 new passionate health literacy trainers just entered the field!, Does anyone remember those Crazy Eddie #commercials from back in the day? They were great. Hard for companies like that to #compete anymore., Not good, what happens next? RT : Busch, Miller leave governor's mansion without agreement on special session., Maybe I'm just not used to having a phone nor the ability to tweet when I'm not home., bored watchin tv, Show at Arnetic on July 31st with our good good buddies Tonight Tonight! Be there everyone!, I foreshadowed tonight's meeting in a post on my blog, which I can't link to since the district's wifi is so slow!, Welp! Time for a new nalgene!, It's done., I'm a winner, Alright, I have been dreaming of a site that aggregates all my social media sites into one...alas was found!, I think I might cry when/if James Gaisford tweets me lol, omg! i haven't seen a tweet from you in forever <3 good to know you're okay!, awesome black talon, thank you so sick!, thanks for the RTs/mentions, a buddy made it for me. No I've been there 6 or 7 months now, I love you too much to pass up the opportunity to see you twice in one week. Thus, my presence at the Fox Theater., Glad you liked it! I adore poetry/writing prompts mostly because they usually work for me!, Now I see what the big deal is w/Spotify - sharing playlists. Took me a minute to appreciate it even though I don't care much for the UI., RT : Seriously a little angry about this National Grilled Cheese Day on Pesach thing. We invented the sandwich!, Making a mole? RT I'm going to use one of my bottles of Chocolate Ale to marinate some chicken., I need to follow more Seattle directioners., RT : ...very interesting discussion at the Physician breakfast. Is your physician using an EMR?, do u know us? I dunno but please be kind www.Facebook.com/fastcarband we promise we don't sound like shit!!!, Join us to make calls with to turn out voters against Brian Bilbray tonight! 5:30pm, Hilton Bayfront, Room Sapphire L, Thank you! RT I was just admiring a copy last night in - love the layout/fold etc., Volleyball tournament for cancer was great won best dressed if that counts for something, I could use a little vitamin C in my life... The actual vitamin not the artist. However, I haven't heard that graduation song in a minute, is it ever good? :) how come it won't for you?, best thing at grubstake?, that's true, but they also say no to some sponsors for the oddest reasons., Thanks for RT's and the networking!, Jr is the son on Pastor Marvin Winans., i swear last nite was not the nite and i will never do that shit again, Looking at my calendar for the next 7 days...something awesome every night! Yay!, Reality Check of the morning: "IF YOU WANT CHANGE.... YOU HAVE TO GO THROUGH CHANGES!!!, We have a pot belly pig and I was coming through the kitchen the other night and noticed she was chewing on something. Continued next tweet, That must have been a grueling half mile hike! I'd check the calorie count settings ;), Well I'm a bicycle mechanic a motorcycle mechanic, a painter and I know my way around a car oh and I sometimes translate for ppl, I love making kids all mad on call of duty lolololol I hate to be a troll but its just funny how mad they get over a game :P, Haha bro I was just joking. I'm not speaking for Thi'sl, S/O at new twit fam, RT : Learn Another Language By Seeking Education Abroad - Study Abroad Programs There are many educational institutions t......, I was off guard this was the last person I expected to text me today . . ., #DontBeMadAtMeBecause you didn't get your tickets for the #BlacklightPartyOct22 in DALLAS GET YOUR TICKETS WHILE THEY LAST, This isn't the worst dinner I've ever had, but it's in the top ten. #Kale&HotDogs, Playing ball at the illest backyard courts. These courts are official., She'll probably still apologize, she feels horrible. But I did fix the credit & I added you in as well. :), WOW. Just got a nasty-gram from an Amazon seller because I left *** neutral feedback. They're demanding that I remove it! Some nerve!, happy Pi Day all!, If you are not going to do it different...don't do it at all!!, listenin to a lot of trap rap today, so I keep repeating myself., Ill be putting pics up what wboy stadium looks with super bowl stuff and wet snow in about 25 min. Check it out !!, Excellent question!, Sure! Love it when you guys are available! Worth every penny :), I think you can bear going to one place every once in awhile that doesn't have a bar., under a rock apparently. But I'm finally FINALLY back :). So, when are we hanging out? I need some Sisarina time!, Indy was my home for 4 years!!! It's a great city! I know you'll have fun!!! Have a drink or two or three for me!!!! Mwauh!!!!!, buy everything for her?, I'm never forgiving her., Okay, I guess I'm not going to my game today.... Considering I should be there now...., Floyd Mayweather Acquitted in Harassment Case; Can Pacquiao ..., Rondo dropped 17asst and got another triple double, RT : Star Tribune confirms, per U of M official, that #Gophers football player Gary Tinsley died Friday morning at Roy Wilkins Hall, Hey, thanks! Eager to hear what you think! I still have to figure out how to tweet as a fictional character, but should be fun!, what is the meaning of this word...idea?, Great day for OKC that signed an extension! who?, Gorgeous Day in SA! Get out a vote for the Bond and then have some fun!!!, Wearing a skirt to school, watch out dimples here i come(; text me i miss you.... </3, Ghezz, good for my friend, she's going to Miami. LOL, Yet there are some people - Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy, On 3rd plane of the day. Coffee and nook in hand., When people put dots after everything they type, I feel awkward.., Still up working on Finances., I think I'll give up on finding who drunk dialed me for now. He obviously don't want me to find him. Even though it was incredibly awesome., The lion king has me bawling my eyes out , whyd you have to be such a jerk scar :'(, The mother of a blind 18 mo.old boy made a YouTube video about him, said he was beautiful inside & out. I agree. Someone tweeted "she..., try cheers, slut, i fucking miss you. we used to be so close, Anyone else out there a bit tired? It's been a good week, but a long one (and there's still Saturday for this small business owner!), Oh bummer! Well, I'm sure we'll see you on one of our many the rides this summer - or at least I hope we will., ;; Eatinn dinnerr (: && Dude . I found like an old message of us talking in feb. Crazy right !?, NOTICE to all dads on mothers day: Uh, washable markers don't wash off immediately like magic. Signed: the dad w/ the blue son., Communication is one of the main keys for a successful relationship., Are you an Independent looking to increase your fanbase? Musicalstop.com, I was talking with James Druckman & Toby Bolsen before my career switch; it may be worth checking their recent work., ...they just saw something. It seemed obvious to them after a while.” ~ Steve Jobs, HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO THE LADY'S AND THE HOES LOL, Tag Team Title match, this is so not fair, One of these days we'll be in the same place for more than 15 minutes! :-) Hope the rest of #IACPNYC is fantastic., NBC has decided to bench, #youknowyouafreak when you get it On backtage before going on stage, well he said he goes with the easiest girl he can get so your right i guess your just the #1 choice, When I cry I feel like I'm showing I'm weak.., I'm a grown ass man. Imma call you RON!, Wind and basketball do not mix, Yeeaahh. Think I'm going to go back to sleep. :), Our friends tell us that the "Hill City Hot" is the best hot dog they have ever had...I agree with then...please come and try one or two..., I can have friends dam I hate this boy right now, Took a sim card out of a phone, dropped it into a USB 3g device & bought credits from a kid on the street in Moz. US mobile industry blows., On my way to cover an event in Balboa Park for Latinos who are making a difference in their communities., good and u? <3, Crossing fingers for possible minivan. One that won't break down is preferred., Hey! Come check out the The world premiere of Enemy of the Mind 7pm at the AMC 30 Dunvale in Houston. Stars in attendance!, .@ Wondering how long it'll take for the people we're following to start following us back., Thank you Lear Automotive, LLP International for, dear mama- Tupac, So excited to go back to India, Aye where yo BOSS @ fam... i don't deal w/ workers..., I'm happy that I've avoided NYC's coffee shops for at least two days. Do I hear three? That would be awesome., Yay, finally getting my user directories off my Windows 8 SDD and onto an HDD, The alphabet starts with ABC. Numbers start with 123. And my inspiration starts with JDB. ¦, Show em how the game is played today cuz, Make sure you stay healthy though!, I know but trusting in God will get it, Starting D302, Innovative Integrations in higher Ed with, Forgive me if I'm hearing the Jefferson theme in my head -- my likes keep "movin' on up"! Thanks, I'm so graceful, it hurts. I mean, I literally hurt myself with my grace., No kidding? V and Grant would get along great. He ran all over the park today, leading an invisible army. Lots of "invisible".., So hungry *grumble*, Delicious Valentine's dinner last night. Enjoyed every course, but still feeling full! Wish I had more room to finish dessert!, Time for defense to pick up the offense., only when it NEEDS to be said bc the person you love doesn't seem to be getting it otherwise!, I think its funny how whenever I ask russel what he's listening to he changes it to eminem so he can look hard lol, My whole life is yours. I give it all; surrender to Your name., Just saw a lace front wig glued to a ladies temples..i wonder if that impairs her judgment., ack, I almost missed #tourismchat - Jeremy here with, My Moostache brings all the boys to the yard, oh my goodness! I'm so sorry! That's sad! :(, Don't try to catch a snowflake with your tongue unless you're positive that it's snow., I gave her rundown. She wanted to know b/c she wants us to ask questions via twitter tonight., I think you're right. the offense Is smoking hot and bard has something to prove., I need to try those next time I go.. Wow, He tried to force it.., A: Issue more complicated than idea Antropology exploiting indiginous people - link from to follow shortly, ": Just caught singing no big deal" so cute haha <3, I wanna thank my childhood friend for giving me pharmaceutical advice...such a beast and u saved my life..lol, nice icon, If I had a dollar for every coupon forcibly crammed in my tiny mail box, I would be able to pay of the #US deficit. AND buy some egg salad., today is just not my day, Crying reading all my old tweets & looking through my favorites knowing people use to talk to me on here, Looks great! RT : Please check out our updated Twitter Page, I have been listening to #OpenInvitation by all day! Lol I love this album though (;, did you get my email?, What a comeback from Louisville, What about Houston, other than his name, makes you think he'll ever start at UW?, You know that tightness in your muscles the day after a good workout? You can get the same feeling just by drinking for two days straight., NEW Spring SAT Prep classes will start on March 5, 2011. Call us to register today!, Not being able to control you're laughter while being yelled at by a teacher., yeah i know and my day has been fine, I absolutely love my boyfriend(:, blarg. Chocolate. Love the rice crispies and huge banana split!, How was it tonight?, Here I thought we were going to have some office naughtiness and he's daydreaming!, Im wearing a #Canadian pin in honor of . Hopefully hell notice me now. :P, Thanks for the Shoutout. I look for to our getting to know one another :-), RT : Today @ Plant Zero it's ! #Rva Craft Mafia's best. And since you're near Shockoe, hit too!, hey I just wanted to say hey and I'm still waiting on them tostadas you gone owe me two plates soon tell Kevin an the girls hi, Jesus can take you from that pit of pain & brokenness & make it into something incredible - if you choose to love & follow Him!, I accidentally showed the lady next to me a picture of a diseased testicle. Beware email from librarians., I hope he knows I was being sarcastic.., Attended a good training on creating ePub documents today. Going to try and use the flip method for parts of my next unit., you're making this sound like a breakup..., Hey are the colts looking to pick anyone up or just focusing on Peyton?, Hope the weather holds up for tonights Film on the Rocks, stop on by the Outward Bound tent and say hello!!, Don't forget we are open on Sunday 4pm to 9pm! Where your Chargers Gear and get 15% off your bill!, RT : Joining us next week 4/18 Jennifer Abernathy - on Developing a Facebook Strategy, Is presenting College DUI awareness program, “#ToMyFutureHusband For the first time, I don't feel like I have to worry about my heart being broken. #TheWayLoveShouldBe”, Oh yea you were just vague enough. I'm trying to be purist, but not unrealistically so., #SOTD is Informal Gluttony by Between the Buried and Me., LOVE the Doritos commercial with the dog...You didn't see NUTHIN. Too funny, . & I have (between us) 6 degrees; that's also the amt. of separation between us & the ability to put the WaHo menu in the holder., crook & opportunist--how about the sweat shops?, #RT If is your pride ¦, i haven't been to the village in 20+ years, need to go there again too. but that museum....sigh. just thinking about it. :), Time to Cut the CAKE!! Judges, take your place..., actually watching the world cup, didn't use to be something's changed the last 20 years in football, where the risk of concussion has gotten worse, You bet Geoff. Hope your doing well., @ FCC/Knight Foundation Digital Inclusion Summit, Thank you :) how are you??, One good thing about summer being over...hot chocolate from Barista!, if you don't you might walk into the girls bathroom again :p, Those butterflies in your stomach when you see/talk to a cute girl. (:, lol its Austin !! :p, i ran a mile today, No...but I remember Pokemon the first movie., In the #Boston area? Applying to #college? Let me know if you're interested in a workshop on writing, Some things God reveals to us are hard to accept by others., Thanks for listening!!!, #np Summer Rain - Carl Thomas, lol. Girl I walked in slow bcuz my neck was hurting., thank you, ENRAPTURED BY THE ‘RHAPSODY’, Doc is ridiculous, he has ear plugs on so he doesn't listen to us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, How you can tell if someone is not a golfer from your golf staff's view. Send me your funny stories, I have tons, Dr. Barlow looks like he was in the "Just For Men" commercial lmao, Thank you Marci. Have a wonderful evening., Lewis Mighty is trending in UK :), Ouch. That hurt. Should have been a routine save., haha sorry about that :/ I got half way through it and never got it finished, Im sorry I cant be as pretty as those other heartless girls, beautiful! Congratulations, would love to have on on tomorrow to talk about your piece on Romney., damn Wat kinda deal did Def jam have then???, Um, Santorum? What have you voted for AND believed in?, He's Irish. He's amazing. He's incredibly nice. He's left handed. He's beautiful. He plays guitar. RT if you know who I'm talking about. :], #notguilty #shocked wonders what the jury know we don't, Jose Biaz & team just became legends., Blush Brides! Email us your wedding photos and receive a makeup lesson to recreate your look...!!!, Exactly I am as shocked as anyone. It's MLB backwards. We were just used to blown save after blown ......., ATTA BABY BRAVES!!!!, ON MY WAY TO Jacksonville !!!!! ergh, They do follow. $=buzz=more reviews=impression of legitimacy/worth, Whovians!! Is new companion really Jenna Louise Coleman?, nevermind, every team I have in the office pool MUST be eliminated before the weekend!, i like your closing words for your double moab haha, Heading off to see/hear the Afro Semetic Experience in concert at the Arsenal Mall in Watertown, MA 7:30pm start!, bum of week 3 nominee from captain #MaxiBlum goes 0-4 3FG & has never won a game as captain in the PMBL, I haven't decided lol, She put a new spin on taking one 4 the team! Feeling very #guiltly :-( lmao, www.txttlktees.com-2 new characters gonna be unveiled in the next few days-watch out for them and 20% off coupon code too!!!, attn marketing/ comm students: is a great follow for ideas on internships, etc!!, RT ": Be clear, the biggest crooks in America wear "Suits" not "Hoodies." *Google Bernie Madoff.*", I do will send it you, I was pleasantly surprised by that as well. You never know!, Apparently, I wanna go fast., leave me out of it. Y'all the ones that tagged me. I mind my own biz., Look forward to being honored w you guys tomorrow night by The Nassau County Sports Commission Awards, Sitting at KFC looking at pics of The Colonel. He definitely had some sexiness going on. The way he's looking at that chicken is pure sex., : want 2 free tickets to my concert on the 21st including free transportation and accommodatiI, go follow , done, En route to New York City to help facilitate a panel on paid sick days hosted by the Ford Foundation., JUST BECAUSE YOU OWN EQUIPMENT AND HAVE A COUPLE OF BUDDIES THAT LIKE TO JAM DOESN'T MEAN YOU SHOULD BE PLAYING OUT, anybody wanna go hunting for morels with me?, older musicians complaining that "it's not what it used to be", but never going out to hear the younger cats. strange - and predictable., You're right, it is a little weird. I don't care for the new correlations search., damn straight, bow bow bow bow bow bitch I'm bustin at em!! That song is dumb there lol, I was hungry..so i ate a cracker, What stadium is that?, M*chigan versus OHIO. The uniforms will look different than Hoke, Belein and Brandon's OHIO. Thanks to the pairing committee for this!!!, My iPhone is naked today, Enjoying the nice day! Designing jewelry for the many SheaMoí Naturelle customers!, Hey put Volcano fillings in a Cool Ranch Shell., This cold is almost gone, Yes, crazy!, Mud beer? It's a bit nuttyRT : Thinking about doing the warrior dash, a nice way spend st. Patty's day., Dont toy with my emotions., Happy hour tweet?, i dont think they would. Well karina wouldnt but idk bout the others lol. Just go sleep ur gonna be thankful tomorrow, what channel is that on. ;), Cannot believe I'm going to miss the fried chicken at #porkapolooza at - can't believe I'm missing the entire #porkapalooza !!, One of my students thanked me today for teaching her., Well that was dumb, The Constitution? I read it for the articles. Especially on Constitution Day,, yeah it does, im assuming these are for vossen. the ribbed probably wouldnt screen very well, Miracles and Modern Madness!, WE WERE SO CLOSE, sorry it's gate C28!, Beginning a very different shift at work tonight - play-by-play satellite ops. Busy night tonight!, lmao omg tell him i said goodnight too, Go girl!!! singing !*said climbing the dtanoiels to heavuuun!!!* lol, Gift Realty NM wishes all a wonderful day., Thank you, Connie!, I'm gonna do that shit. SIKEEEEE, damn that was so stupid!, RT #Leo motto: I dont got time for wimps or pussys. Be strong or go home!, Thank you! facebook.com/fitforthepart, Nia and Mackenzie were awesome! Congrats!, I'm okay. It was very indirect ("I hate faggots" while walking past). Kid. I feel bad that someone so young has so much hate., I'm sorry!! :( but I'm sure they're going to come back again!, Notion has had a great year with site licenses at schools...including the entire Canadian city of Winnipeg. Go Jets!!!, - not surprised. Communicators like to communicate! :), Do you speak English?, We have a new promoter! Say hello to Josh. I've been lacking internet at my house which explains my absence so he's taking over for me!, I voted for B magic... It was close but I think he edged it. Please don't sleep on roc., Another ace-like performance. It's cool, Yo, St. Louis? San Diego? I can't tell their offenses apart, either., Well started off great and then lost my swing., It seems we have a VERY active baby., I love watching Tony Allen play. Love those NBA players that are all about defense, The Holy Spirit is Flowing thru Unity LI as a spiritual revival bringing light, peace, healing and prosperity to all whose lives it touches., TWEETle-dee, TWEETle-dum, look out weekend, here we come!, In Nice right now, just had a great seafood choucroute ! Here a few more days then off to Corsica . Love to talk when back, LOVE that hotel!, The question was posed...what is success?, How u been?, Anyone dining out in Madison this weekend? Share with us by using #savorsouthmad! We'd love to hear about your experiences!, Thanks champion! Cheers!, #earthquake Just stood in the doorway watching my whole house shake., IS IT EASIER TO GIVE OR RECEIVE?????, You think that's bad, you should see my shoes. My feet won., WAS IT BAD?, OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight Only on LATalkRadio.com!, Afterall, favorite professors don't grow on trees you know. Or maybe they do, I don't know., GRAND SLAM NEW GUY!!!!!, Francis, instead of criticizing the chef, why don't you post YOUR the 5 courses you felt would have been more representative?, I can't stand Kristen Stewart, mahomiessssss, where you all at?, thanks for the follow, but guessing you may have been looking for they're cool too., great meeting you today! (Cc ), May 2,1922:Churchill encouraged Michael Collins to be conciliatory toward Ulster, firm with Republicans. Collins also getting arms from US., G-Row in J-Chizzle cuz we is Chadults! ;), I always wake up at 6am, always., Hi Gary, good to meet you, too. I have checked out Sapphire Star and even submitted to them. Best of luck with your writing., #Nobutreally how do middle schoolers acquire more relationships in one year than I've had in my whole life, Sadly I've been classically conditioned to associate the smell of RedBull with the urge to consume C2H5OH, Who are you excited to see at #warpedtour Vans Warped Tour 2012?!?, Any Sports Journalists or Fans want to discuss the Biggest Stories?, It's ok it's ok it's ok its ok you can run and tell your friends that I'm on, I love you ¦, hey! How r u? U getting for your Vegas vaycay later this summer?, I really don't have the heart to say no. Why did I even start this ? Wrong time, Wrong place situation., IM UN COLUMBUS,GA, I miss Brittney Murphy., really good fried cheese, and prosecco to go with it!, So who would be down for us to so a stickam before I leave for vacation, maybe tonight at 7? Hmm..., I continually find myself drawn to inst. design & prof. dev. Wish there were more opportunities at my school for me to practice them., When they pull you over, ask if you've been drinking, and say 'blow in this tube', tell them, 'blow in this phone-speak to Charles Johnson!', S/O to #TeamFreedom of #FreedomOutreachSeattle. Were making #Progression in A #Recession with the little we have, /// Ha......I lost 3 followers. I guess they were Laker fans., Stevie Wonder loves Barack Obama, good news is she's at home, in her own bed, with family. it would be great to go that way., #3wordsthatwomenhate Your moms hot;), Neva B Afraid 2 Fail Ryt In Pplez Faces. Failure Bringz Out d Tru Strenf In U-Provided U Stay Comited. B'sides, Human Memory Is Short Lived., Not yet. I'll keep you posted. :), Good luck to everyone taking the SAT tomorrow & see you there if you're going to UNLV!, So excited to return to NYC. Good friends good theatre good food good walking!, Moving forward., Your shoes are oddly fascinating. Flats first, heels top out at platforms in late 20s, & gradually down to flats again., <<text me your address I'll send you a couple samples. It's good but I still like chocolate better, I WILL CRASH LIVE NATION && TICKET MASTER FOR THAT #1 GIRL TOUR JUST LIKE I DID 4 THE JBIEBER MY WORLD TOUR!! IF I WANNA C MB IMMA C THEM!, thanks to everyone who checked out episode 1 of On Freddie Roach on HBO! I tracked the score with the eternally handsome JJ Wiesler..., I could murder a calf for some pollo tropical curry mustard sauce right now, Going to see Flu Season by Will Eno at Park School. I'm excited to see a very talented youth conservatory student direct this great show!, you saved the day when the struggling economy closed the doors of my favorite small batch roaster in Illinois, MAC MILLER @ MY SKOOL THIS WEEKEND...PSYCHED!....Yea right youd have to pay me just as much as him to get in that gym.., not yet but fully intend to, It appears re-registrated right about the time yo mama moved into CV., Which episodes has she written this season?, Really great photo..., on and off insomniac... working on a lil project, GO FOLLOW GO PLEEAAASSSEEE C':, Dream Big! If you could live your dream RT and tell us what it would be and why?!, Today i saw a truck that i thought it said "AUSTIN MAHONE" but really it said "AUSTIN HOME" lol, - Question: I dug some pups from a client's sago. No roots, just "pineapple" bases and young fronds. Will these grow?, Does the have the raisin balls just like the ??, exactly! Like calm down people!, thanks for that, but I'm not takingg them, I only technically have 12 school days left. 18 real days, E-Portfolios: Students are already making these portfolios without the support of faculty. How can we support those who aren't?, A study from Japan suggests that drinking 2 cups of tea or more a day can cut risk of cognitive impairment in half!, How do the professors who use laser pointers resist pointing them at the students? ...Maybe that's why I'll never be a professor., you guys interested? I am planning to check out tonight's event, and POTUS Slow Jamming the News is more than I can handle!!!, HELP: Does anyone know any natural remedies for a bladder infection? Your help is appreciated., You want your cultural practice to be #tolerated? Make sure it includes consuming loads of alcohol., call my mom when u wake up cuz even if u don't go to mass u can come c the hall...if u want, shirt jeans combat boots. :p, So excited to go out salsa dancing with the girls tonight!, Waking up next to a beautiful girl, step outside & say hello to my beautiful world., Christendom I...No one expects The Spanish Inquisition..., It's a good day when I run into a friend who also bike commutes and we bike to work together, I chose #musesleep too., Playing U2 Beautiful Day and it is..., Don't be afraid to fail because only through failure do you learn to succeed.<--- whatever yall are so rich., EVERYBODY know$ the only move to TURN UP tonight is #FaceOffFridays at !! "ALL NIGHT!" Hosted by DJ Rasta Root!, Happy Labor Day! Working on some Fall fonts and graphics. We'll be starting our Fall and Halloween pre-launch sale within the next week!, Arrived in NYC for the tea (and coffee) festival to 55 degrees, almost balmy! :). Tomorrow, afternoon tea at Lady Mendl's..., i am there as styledelights, The past few mornings I've heard seagulls outside my window - did my house move without my knowing? what happened to my quail?, I wonder if your thinking about me. :), the patience is nice; sticks out like a sore thumb with the Cubbage, “: We've got way too many pointless idioms but at the end of the day it is what it is & it's all good.”| I like me an idiom., Wow, that was fast! Everyone go follow if you don't already!! :D, Fondly remembering Super Bowl XLII today. Hey remember when tried to riot when the Pats lost?, And a great site it is! Thanks again for www.petersparty.com!, They need to start acting like the Bulls the best team in the East stop saying Heat bastards, Best day ever!!! Haha family here :3, absolutely. Did you see the IDEA commons? is having a party there 1/31., At kissfm! More tix given away today!, movies tonight with Maddie (:, Ay the gym, going tanning later!(;, Thank God its #Saturday ;), why do you think I love lions?! Haha, my bad for the delay on the response bruh lol IDK man!! you know as much as me ha u talk to Brad lately?, Kinda bored.. What needs to get done, Off work ! FINALLY ! !, Are you in a Direct Sales program? Have your corporate office contact us about adding all the reps to our directory!, That's a great attitude to have! You go girl! RT Late nights, early mornings. Making every moment count!, Bouta go get my girl from work and go have dinner!, following ehow.com advice, putting shoes in dishwasher, what scares you the most about having an acting career, the craft side or the business side? why?, HAPPY FRIDAY!!!!!!, It's because he earns $20 mil a year. And this was the guy who said newspaper reporters are overpaid., Thanks for the shout out on the reading list, Will!, no need to be rude, you asked for wisdom! Cranky pants! :-P, good old friday night in honey wilder land. thanks to all who have added our Facebook and reverbnation pages recently :)., thanks much!, we'll be there asap buddy!, totally love her dress & yours!!!, wHAHAHA I missed that tweet earlier!!, doin group project right now I wish but maybe I'll see ya there u there now, It's on tonight at BigTim's. TMC's 1ST Fight Night, UFC ppv. It's gonna be an irie event!!!, yo can I put sweatsuit on my iPod? Is it on audio?, they need as much secondary help as possible, It's the reverse actually. Cal offered to play both games in Indy. But Schrute was too sceered!, a FriendShip..i let it sink, oh hello. guess who changed their twitter name?, Chef Brian with Blue Moon Cafe sets up for cooking at the market 9& 10. Today is Summer time fresh., SO HUNGRY!! Bah. And so sick of this annotated bibliography. I feel like giving up.....but I know I can't, my grades matter too much to me, The fastest way to put cash in your pocket is to save money on the things you do every day!, Thank you Mr. Biermaier, for making STEP awkward as ever., hi cHris I'm at church, A little under the weather 2day ~ sinus infection ~ but thankful that I can work some from home & not lose the whole day., "dogs are always in the push-up position", thanks for the b day wishes :), God, your tweets are so boring lately., I think Leonardo Dicaprio is pretty damn good!, We do not share our exact recipes but could answer any general questions that you may have., My family's ok. Yay!, If only I knew he wasn't true.., washing my orange and black clothes and putting on my cardinal clothes, I've got a lot of content I want to turn into iBooks. Now just need to find the time. I'm following your scoopit as well., A bowl of weedies.... Great way to start the day., I will be at Daytona State University to speak at the Women's Center Luncheon today..., what makes her so much better than me?, RT : Sports TV broadcasts need to start conducting these sponsored polls via Twitter instead of texting., ah I'm more than obsessed!! I watch at least 3 episodes a day., It was the other guy. He started it. <big grin>, hehe, I am off today! In boston for a wedding., From 63rd to 56th to 34th to 11th... legitimately all over the city on a Thursday..., It's about that time<U+E337><U+E00E>, lol not gong out i feel like ass! last night = big blur!, R.I.p whitney houston, What your the first crayon i'd choose! &if no1 pix u first break the others(: lol, Might be a sleeve on the shooting arm RT : Fact: #Lehigh is now 2-0 since has sported a headband., LMAO! remember when we were putting the butter through the straw..that was a fail bahaha, Refrigerator Car - Spin Doctors, #summerreading: A Thousand Plateaus, Archaeologies of the Future, We Have Never Been Modern, The Nick of Time..., I don't believe it will be necessary for me to convince anyone meat is short. I've been telling you for over a year or maybe 2 years. [1945], Out of the $3.30 rebuy. 77 runs into TT. 55 then loses against AT. Good news is we did not have to use our add on, O might do! I'm going to a thing that evening but I might stop after :) Also I think revision event is being planned for Sun.!, Is still doing the opening for SNF? cc:, Bud Norris just struck out 4 batters in one inning....ties major league record., Men's calves in 18th century Europe were considered their most attractive feature. Why did this fade out of style?, Writing treatments., Hey was not there just Downtown, keeping tabs on the game, was sent the photo LOL, aww thanks mister., Too bad I never called a dumb ass bitch~, Everyone follow - she's new to Twitter! <3, Had a great opening last night; thanks to all who attended! Open today from 12-6p., Like for some reason I can smell #oomf but they were never in this room<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>, yes! I called it..so I gotta be the God-father!! Congrats sahn, I'm happy for you! ¢, The key is "almost" forgot. ;-), probably not within the next half hour... wanna go at like 12? I'll probs be going to Miller after., Don't forget, you can tweet to have anything posted on our feed. Send anything good you might overhear!, WHY DO YOU HAVE TO PLAY 21+ SHOWS seriously can you do a m&g at bamboozle, Who's excited for the #SoListen music video?, Do you wonder why Cain's offering was not acceptible to God? Read my thoughts on New Release Page, www.lindaswift.net, The link doesn't work guys., GOT IN SAFETLY FROM #CrenshawMS SHOWED UP & SHOWED OUT AS USUAL #TeamDimeADozen WAS IN DA BUILDING 2, If you don't have a home vzn # they pretty much run you around. The best is getting put on hold and then transfered away..., On my way to connect with my core. It's fun to work out with Shannon. She keeps me from hurting myself., heading to #Denver tomorrow to hang with my bestie/sistah and DANCE DANCE revolution!, if he brings kanye out I'll cry, like no homo or anything but I would actually cry, We are! Glad you love tasc!, lets go, Storm spotters are confirming tornadoes on the ground once again near Dallas, TX., My computer is playing tricks on me, Grades are in, yet school is not out. Summer=doctoral exam, dissertation prospectus, 3 courses to prep, and two weeks of intensive Spanish, hello miss shine hows you doing xx, Life is a brilliant big canvas, and you ought to throw all the paint on it you can., You should def. come see it. Thank you for having us on the show!!, I can't wait to try it!, hahaha I just loled, let's try it!, im so none Memphis., My Daddy is singing on NPR tonight. You should probably listen., Madison No Fear Dentistry is a Mercury FREE dental practice to help protect the longevity of your teeth!, Good morning! I wish I could take a nap!, RT #NickiMinaj please com bck to twitter..we miss U, thanks... Good advice that I will probably follow. Not sure I feel the same way about my old PalmPilot..., Ouch. All of is down., Thanks for the shout-out! We're actually all full up w/ ~105 RSVP'd but we may have a few spots open up next wk., #1Dredorblack PROUD OF ONE DIRECTION, it's only because i moved to Rhode Island. Otherwise i'd be mayor of SPE for life., So ole fubu guy I think his name is Damon right...actually has a heart...lol....na he was moved with compassion and wanted to help.Nice!, Waitin for my damn class to start, wanna get home and just relax., awe aye chan i feel the same way about you (':, Was glad to see no nekkid pictures in the ESPN magazine that came today, but completely surprised to see nekkid people in timeout., 49. Ugh! :( one day I'll what I want to do when I grow up!, follow me please?, Why is it that only French people and very old people like me?, I want Metric tix from, What are you practicing today on your #guitar?, Make sure to Invite your friends to "LIKE" Clutch, #GirlsLoveWhen You buy them what they ask for and don't ask How Much or Why., Allow me to crack my knuckles and say, "Well, if I must...", Smoking mirrors can speak lies when you stare at them, How did you know?, NBC has ordered 13 episodes of the new show GO ON. Congratulations !, Everyone get serious and start following Russell Brand "RustyRockets", Social Media is all about connecting with people., “: can visit my southern thing” this was uncalled for... but original.., Doctor's office with my mom, 2 Blonds walk into a bar and the bartender asks "whats the occasion?" One Blond says we finished a puzzle box in 2 weeks it said 2-3 years", We got our SXSW app in yesterday!, Dear bands I like, kindly stop all being here on the same day. Sincerely, Lauren., Thanks for traking me down and thanks for the fun #singpath @ #pycon. I can wait to see who takes the prize next year!, I've never been jealous of a dog before.. .__., I Need Some Food In My Life Right Now ,, What? Awesome. RT : Just met Georgio Armani at the soho apple store. Random. Cool., Jury votes 148-41 to rescind the writ of Cherem against Baruch Spinoza., I am planning this semester for UST Web Dev. course. Your #semanticweb talk was a hit last year, care to do another?, Hopefully I keep having days like yesterday, It's 64 degrees and SUNNY in Denver. rode his bike to work today, did you?, Hi Wilbert! I don't take Melanie or Monie but I take just about everyone else. You're a brave soul for taking Melanie!, its kinna boring here too!, Busche & Bowyer battling it out NASCAR World Camping Truck Series, I can ask my shrink for a recommendation. lmk, looks like you could be getting the snow you've been waiting for all winter. We'll see!!!, Anyone notice Zayn poke Harry's face in the beginning of their prrformance of One Thing..?, hey what page did we need to go to in our workbook?, #BelieveTour next week. WHAT. ?!, TT,sponge balls and cards(Sam the bellhop), Final line for Pettitte: 6 1/3 IP, 7H, 4ER, 3BB, 2K. Standing ovation for the veteran even though they trail. Says something about him., some type of gift for the best mustache at the end of the month, and in the middle of the month a day to meet everyone who is, RE: , Ill send you an invite via your website. Thanks for your interest! cc, indeed! Painting the baby's room at the moment...I forgot how much I hate painting, haha., Ryan Braun has more than that... ;-), Definitely the right side! It's going to be an awesome day., We have just lauched our new hotsite www.florensegreen.com, just became the 3rd player in #NLL history with 500 goals, as he scored his 4th tonight in Buffalo., can't go friday, I wish to marry princeton,and be with him 4eva hes the best and the whole crew RT if u agree and by the way,mb i luv u 143 stay mindless, Time for Thanksgiving II: The Sandwiching., Gettin in some pizza before the new diet tomorrow., Don’t wait for an ACE – Just play the hand you were dealt- InSpotter app, Encore Suspense is running a Psycho marathon today. Brilliant! Let's buy Mom some flowers & then watch Psycho., i bought the Real Estate album last night, so i have new stuff to listen to today., I really like him too. Sadly only one season. But he was 100% brilliant in his own way. I love Rose with 9th, Does this text really mean anything ..., Isn't he perfect so far?, I have learned that many libraries have renovated their Carnegie buildings and they are very proud of them., It's already going off here! Make sure you get down here to check out the best party in Mt. Vernon this evening!, I see you changed your name too, its been awhile!! Wow, “The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind.” ~ Dr. Wayne W. Dyer, RT Q. If your a QB playing the #bills which direction of the do u look. My son's Answer "hopefully at the down at the ground"., FUCK ALL YOU ANNOYING ONE DIRECTION FANS, Me so hungey., Very true! RT : A brand is like a promise: Its owned by the person who receives it. Promise maker owns the duty to fulfill., Haven't felt this great in months, gettin the #fam back together tonight?, is it good?, In Mpls, rescues/shelters rarely had younger small dogs. Not happy they're there, but glad for a rescue option this time arnd., I hope everyone is having a good week., last vid for the night............coming up, eat your heART out <3, Thanks ! I haven't-looks like good reading though. I want to do a show how including "nature" in city design is important., Happy Mother's day to my amazing godmother who I miss so much, ! I love you!, Watching NBA TV and your reaction on the Dwight/SVG situation is too real. I'm glad somebody is being honest our there, I read BBC, CNN, Al-Jazeera, DemocracyNow! every day, plus NYTimes if I can. And I'm not gonna lie, I'm a Libcom forum junkie, happy 4th of July, Blood in the Tears and The World Is A Thorn. Blood in the Tears is such a beautiful, exquisite song., what you doing after graduation bro?, Any New Grub In San Diego To Talk About?, thank u, Why is it when you are so tired you start to think... "You start wondering about dumb things!?" Really wth now really why?! #Go2SleepBrain•, CASHER LATER NBA: Atlanta Hawks -3 and Portland/LA Lakers OVER 195.5 Best of luck, I will officially be done with college one week from today!, I wanted to make fun of Santorum for dropping out, but apparently his daughter's health is at least part of it. So I'll just say good luck., It's 6:16. you're late., Texas artists save money by keeping their CD & custom t-shirt business right here in the Lonestar State. We're not going anywhere., Congrats! How do mummies celebrate?, Some people say why u give that man a dollar he needs help & if he dont God will deal with him im glad i could help, Greetings from sunny California!, Just gave my final class presentation. Missing the punctuality of CHI timekeepers. A fellow student is now 30 minutes over time., Orioles JJ Hardy & Markakis hit back to back home runs twice in the last two games! O's HR's = baseball interesting., Question for : Worse dust storms? Phoenix or Iraq?, “: Garage Sale Saturday. Saying goodbye to things I never thought possible... - such as..., It was really fun :) danced to a bunch of songs and stayed until midnight lol I'm glad you're still around :D, #Irene is pouring rain on Washington, DC - the worst will come tonight and tomorrow morning between 3-6 am. Be safe!!!, Ok. Awkward., You can't handle the white rubber action. <wink>, you meant "debris" should just schedule the late race caution and stop pretending RT : Caution. Debris T2, #NAISac12 Presenting Friday at 8 on Innovative Schools & Students with material from T. Wagner's & 's new books--all invited!, lmfao the whole crews up in here what is this some kind of field day or somethinn, pretty lights, mord fustang, glitch mob and big gigantic are musts in the rotation if you like David Guetta!, Something's gotta give, Aiy yai yai May 31rst Needs to Come Quick ! I wanna leave, I wanna leave, I wanna leave ! *throws a temper tantrum*, You can only fake being happy for so long., Thanks so much! I'm better now! It was a stupid implusive decision that I regret, but I'm much better now. <3, don't forget brain soup, brain nachos, fried brain, brain lo mien, pickled brain, brain omelet, beer battered brain..., Worst Hip-Hop Jobs: Jay-Z's Family Bodyguard, Weed Carriers, Nicki Minaj's Wig ... - The BoomBox, Thank God for "ice maintenance" :), I'm taking a personal day!, there's nothing surgery can do, when i break your little heart in two., Tomorrow is your chance to talk public transportation with heads of Cleveland & Akron RTA. Ideas to improve service? Let us know., :') stop lying to yourself like that": i'm nice as hell lol", Lost your home in the Central Texas #Wildfires or know someone who did? Let us help, receive 50% OFF License Fees. www.danze-davis.com, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>Like my naked pictures on Instagram: TempeMyAzz, never happend--that's Downtown's turf, Ikr ima have to comeback down there and keep up the work in ball, Ahh, success! Can now load a bank of programs in VSTI , which now responds appropriately to program changes!, The Indians say theyre in their infancy stage with social media, My account was hacked o.O fasinating. not really., when is your song coming out???????, Hockey fans, be sure to attend the Milwaukee Admirals game on Sunday. It's their annual charity game to benefit Children's Hospital of Wis., Slice of the Week Bay View: cheddar, bacon, red onion and spinach!, Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate., So thankful right now that knows where terminal two is!, Hahaha - My husband is like you should join Mike's wife in San Diego, What is the opposite of a hipster?, We were just a one-room bookstore; we didn't have any money for lawyers., 'akron hates u' - dan gilbert - cleveland fans bron bron made u relevant ... nice way to show ur appreciation - no class, My web site is back. Unlike other high profile sites there has been NO lost of personal information here. It has been an enlightning 2 weeks, the new website looks so snazzy!!! Very accessible! I like the collection highlights, great info and picture quality!, Jab We Met or 42nd street!, I love you !, Follow my blog at:, Aint That A Shame How They Fxck Up Yo Name., actually, no. I didn't. I worked at American Eagle, so I didn't wear the Abercrombie Fitch stuff., have you seen them princeton receptionists? They're fine as hell too. Something about that #ProfesionalPussy i guess., Good Night!, Thanks. Some say goofy but hilarious is kindly put. ;), Matt Kemp wasn't lying when he said he was going for a 50-50 season...he's Barry Bonds scary right now., Your Hair Looks Really Really Pretty! (: xx, Yo homie that just got on my bus with a case of beer. Gimme one., Yeah I did..I've always used the Deck. Just tweeting too much during these crazy games...thx..lol, And whoever the fuck tried breaking into my house tonight will get beat with bats and dumped in my woods swear to god, Have heard the same! Guess I should eat nothing between now and then in order to prepare!, One of the few authentic Southern Italian rest's in LA!, ha ha believe me, I know. I was struggling to keep up and y'all were sitting pretty up there. *shakes fist* ;), drugs have worn off...no longer the Dark Knight...What is wrong w/ you guys, teasing a cripple?! LOL, more art fairs and local galleries would be great!, Say man, are you still alive? If I don’t hear from you within three days, I’ll assume you’re not & #unfollow you., There is already so much bullshit in the world, why are you adding to it?, I actually really like this idea., I like #RomneyPalin2012 !, please be in that show!!!!, Yeesh. If Ibaka's hitting mid-range jumpers, this Thunder team can seriously take out the Spurs., Ridiculous lines to get Concords. Glad I already got mine., She got a dress, Dad!, #ICriedWhen I met austin...because it was a dream and when I woke up I was really upset that it wasn't real., good night(:, cause you made that for me, ": RSL doesn't know how to use the 3 seashells." Murder death kill, Kasey Hill out of Montverde is probably one of the quickest pg i've seen. Kenny Anderson, A.I., Kasey Hill in that order., Had a hysterical audition for a CBS promo today... twas fun to just play!, That´s why I never want to wake up, the alarm always rings at the best moment of my dream!, Dose any1 know how to get in contact with meek millz camp I need a jalil beet, Oh sure, have him there "in office" the week I am NOT coming to see you. ;), Just sang the Reading Rainbow Song w/, aww no problem! I hope you had a great day!!, We can't complain about this snowfall. There are 2 months more of winter, Dont be fooled HCG is not a miracle weight loss drug, I like him,but I like him,but I like him,but I like him,& I like him.But I like number one the most.Confused yet?I am., Twitter was created to make you feel like you're the only person in the world without a podcast., Whether he was joking or not, it still struck a nerve..., wuzzz up dude, there you look beautiful with that smile! I've been good, had a tough day too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, Infinitely more fun on the field than on the sidelines! #lifesnotaspectatorsport ;-), HEY HEY HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY HEY! OVER HERE, HEY! HI! HEY! HEY!!!!!! shut up, Thank You to all who attended #PPAIExpo! We will see you at ASI Dallas FEB 2nd!, I guess we agree to disagree... If you follow regularly on the #backchannel you will find upbeat news, events and conversation!, i trust that it was a really awesome comment., My motha fucking doctor said I need a doctor so I called house n now I'm a pill poppa, I agree. I think that problem solving needs more emphasis these days (at least from my exp), Struggling with TweetDeck, as Hootsuite seems to be down this morning. UI is not friendly at all., that photo of & is so precious! <333, Living rite nowww** stupid spell check, pitch practice time first up chills again?, yeah. I think southwest has me on a "make sure you piss her off list." They won't get me down! I am ready for another fun day, yeahh we've planned ours out though for a while! I think it'd be fun. It's just the other two girls need to add us on the housing, The splendor of the King, Clothed in Majesty, Let all the earth rejoice, Let all the earth rejoice., #GOP you want to do is change the subject civil liberties to other things saying POTUS just loves to listen to the sound of his own voice :(, Happy Pi Day everyone!, Monkey Business - San Francisco Chronicle (blog), - I love you <3, What is one secret that you haven't told anyone?, No school for me, what up u.... How u doin tonight, “: #greenonions” gonna watch the Blues Brothers tonight., Your feed is not working (for today's updates) but PokerNews' is., Off to to see perform the new Terry Riley violin concerto. Very exciting!! I hear Terry will be there. Go!!, would like to learn more about crystals, same here. imma try now. :P get some rest!, aww lol I apologize haha ,Is he lost again ??, that was me, do the prices run by what you get on it?, Sure. Really good place, especially for Riverdale, which was destitute of fun restaurants., #drugreactions: It can be dangerous to suddenly stop taking a #drug with side effects. Ask your doctor., haha girl weren't we all? I have plenty of stories for you., In the very smallest cot there is room enough for a loving pair. <U+54EA><U+6015><U+662F><U+6700><U+5C0F><U+7684><U+8305><U+820D>,<U+5BF9><U+4E00><U+5BF9><U+604B><U+4EBA><U+6765><U+8BF4><U+90FD><U+6709><U+8DB3><U+591F><U+7684><U+7A7A><U+95F4><U+3002>, A friend told me that I burn the candle at three ends. How true, how true., There are other types of workouts... bro., Boy am i gonna have a long day!goin to bed close to 2:30 and gotta wake up at 6:00 2 be ready at 7:00!, Walking to work on this gorgeous morning. Love DC. Love life. So ready for this new chapter. Let the games begin!, you are welcome, Now you're just somebody that I use to poke, here's your one chance STANLEY don't lemme down.... hahahah, love the banter.....never get tired of angry OSU fans! really makes my day!, They paved paradise and put up a parking lot. Got in my car,tuned in to KTRU,nothing but feedback.Bummer City-Population:Me, Going through Sent mail to find work samples. Really glad the DMV got back to me on all those points-on-my-license inquirees I had in 2010, Working with my older cousin today ... yuhhh bitch., Best clam chowder in town!!!!, please!! Actually I don't know them but saw them on SNL and made me think of your comment., #relationshippains Feeling like your being cheated on., Buenos Dias ;) I hope you have a lovely Monday <3, Crazy, I work at State and Lake in Chicago, so at first glance I thought you were here, great now that i dont see much of you ;), Fergie has gotten this wrong for me. Should have at least picked a team that could cause problems on the break. City deserve to be one up., What if I would open myself up to being everything I have decided it is not possible to be? My point of view creates my reality., New version of #virtualbox out (v4.0) and it's sweet! New, sleek UI. 4GB ram support for 32bit clients and lots of fixes/improvements., #Tired? Gum disease causes reduction in red blood cells & anaemia. Research shows 1/3 with severe gum disease had low haemoglobin levels., It 's Time To Move Your Money Now! The big banks are in the doghouse again. Over the last couple of years, there has been constant discus, hope your weekend is rad!, Laying down, twitter, drake = my life. (:, I def would!! Except in underwear ads., just let me know. I'm down., Earlier show than usual tonight, Ill actually get to sleep!, me: "you know he got cut by the mavericks?" my roommate (): "yeah, yeah, but it's NOT the kardashians' fault.", SWEET! I'll root for you! I wish I was able to do that, I'm not anywhere near ready though. Considering a BJJ tourny in March tho!, Pick up a copy of the Aurora Your Hub in the Denver Post's Thanksgiving edition -- help put a smile on a sick child's face this Holiday!, Thanks for the great tweet, Kim!, Lactic workout this weekend..9am @ LMU, The prospect of real actual sex frightens some nerds and makes them uncomfortable. Lol. It's out of their comfort zone!, yep no problem :) how are things?, what's going on?, Yes! And you could play tambourine. Perfect., Beautiful night for a Patio dinner/wine with my Love xoxo, Grab me tomorrow and I'll tell you the story., Ataulfo mango and macademia nut S'mores at over a campfire, haha., Hello to our Savvy interns!, like I said, Travel with the Crew and spend loot. Have uecker answer my phone calls., Drat! I got nothing. Sounds like I'll have some reading to do once you've got the list finished., Just watched The People Vs George Lucas. Funny how I have such conflicting feelings about something that means so little in the big picture., . We are going at it tonight again!! Are you ready ?? CU 2night @ Mambocafé Dallas !!, Will Ferrell in kicking and screaming, speights got some gollum looking teeth (a sport/nerd comment), A bite from the kindest, is the nastiest., Dr. Frederick Frankenstein: HE'S GOT A ROTTEN BRAIN! IT'S ROTTEN, I TELL YA! ROTTEN! The Monster: RAAAAAAAA! Igor: Ixnay on the ottenray., okay lemme find my cameraa :p, its heats year this year. you will see, it's more a question of accessibility, Is it true that has four nipples?, Cinesomatic.com is proud to strike against censorship., Share the love for Honk Fest West (official page): like this page and share it with everyone you know in the Pac NW. HONK! loud., #DepressingSitcoms Family Tithes, #hungergames best movie I've seen all year. #oscarbuzz?, ikr its so sad an nasty toi, Congratulations to all the runners of the Peachtree Road Race., Hello Charlotte, NC. I'm staying on message this week: Don't let your EGO write checks your results can't cash., why is credit so difficult. found a resource for 100% financing to get in the market. contact me if anyone is interested., Nice shot, Paige. We dig the LV storefront, too., Darko will be taking some time off in the near future. Will have everyone posted., One word- "Sandra", To change one's life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly. No exceptions. ~ William James, hahahah my mom dosent care. all we're doing at the mall is eating tho?, You can't stop me no-o-o-o, um you tell me!, yoga pants, That's what the river is for! And margaritas!!! :D After the weather we've had up here? Bring it!!!, Michael Dell talks about the company’s plans to release a business-friendly tablet which runs Windows 8. - Bloomberg, LOL I will try to not give into the temptation! RT Happy birthday ! Don't have a #scorpionbowl all to yourself., Shout out to my boys bring home another ship to SC, I can confidently say the same thing., Disney has the best casting, if he doesn't like an actor he just tears him up ~ Alfred Hitchcock, Tonight in Clovis, friends and family of Kathy Lawson-Arrendondo—who is missing—will gather for a vigil, holding phones instead of candles., #CIO Quote: W/ moblty & cloud, we dont work like 1938, so glad a senator is reexamining 1938 laws on exempt and non-exempt status., As of now, OSAA Class 6A, 5A and 4A football finals will take place as scheduled at Reser Stadium in Corvallis., Wanna party in true G6 style w/ ? She's having an #openbar concert on May 3rd in, Wishing I was heading to Paris..., so many comments so little time., when I come to orlando in a few weeks . We will have to go hunting lol, Thanks Paul for your warm comment. Keep supporting the Moth., Jus like in the movies baby, ima come to the rescue, nice to meet you! What's up?, YES! I have more followers than following!, I love rock and roll, put another time in the jukebox baby!, yeah, but can jet packs pull nails out of wood? just sayin., The awkward moment when you realize your joke isn't as funny as you thought., Ahh , On My Lunch Break ! ., u not tough, Summer need to hurry up soo i can shop and do stupid shit everyday with my bestfriend/future, Nice season so far....keep up the good work! See you next week., I fucking hate shopping., Change of plans. Lets giv'r, Pet Photos With Santa at the mall Sunday @ 6:30 pm!, Congratulations to MaMa Enso & the latest addition to her fam!! We can't wait for the newest Virgo to arrive :), Solo lunch with Achebe's THINGS FALL APART, lovely!, Good Giant., hey babe. We should probably change your name so it isn't 25941541......not sure how but we can figure it out., HI YER CUTE, I think I'm going back to Photoshop 7 (running in my win95 vm I setup for sim city) Adobe's been milking it since then., thanks for follow! Always happy to retweet, what about Woodbridge Pub or if in the mood for Mexican, Nuestra Familia?, awesome defense, as usual!, First band practice with the new band!, Let me know if you still want to meet me after you read it. ;), Adriana Lima. a Victoria's secret model, Commentary on the notion of the common good in Aristotle's works., still coming next weekend???, Bonjour , I’m so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional Please email, i'm done, great local #leesburg author with new book coming out in november to follow:, I hope the draft Mercilus or Nick Perry. Would be OK with either. Who are you thinking ?, So, are you guys Swedish? American? Or...??, I've noticed that has been allowing pet dogs, not just dogs for the visually impaired, on the buses now. Is this a new rule?, The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the 4th., shut up bitch, Q. What's the last thing Tickle Me Elmo receives before he leaves the factory? A. Two test tickles, I filleted my petrale sole last night with your help (about.com)! Thanks!, if you don't shutup you'll be in trouble, Worst bridge lift ever, I-5a mess- full half hour the decks were up. How about some warning on these lifts? Rant over. Story on KGW @ Noon, mars? why mars and it has to be like testable we cant test mars :\, Westie hooked it up,, Broke a twelve pack of ragu sauce at work. That's a half hour gone that I needed to do other stuff, Hated seeing that NC State loss, but the UNC-Kansas game will be a good one., I assure you that I am down for that, Very entertaining listening to everyone speculate about what's going to happen w our flight - we have some experts here folks, I need to dye my hair again -_______-, I'll find out, if not...there is always public transportation!, " im so sick of being single" sit your ass down.., Twinsies say thank you!, Loved someone's tweet: "can we stop calling it Beaver Nation? It's a neighborhood, or county at best...", that video thing for coach or whatever.not sure what it's for:P, He's saying you must chill Don Perignon '53 below 38 degrees just like you must listen to the Beatles with earmuffs., and I are on the way to photograph Jason & Ofelia's wedding!, get the cool one while you still can!, we have a new song: rain sleet snow or hail, justin never fails :D yes it all started by Pilar&Daniella Bieber :D it will catch on., The #NationlessWorld short film has been selected for chance to air on #PBS in NY. Public voting starts Sat at midnight. Need your support., im bored, Great Marketing & PR strategy session w Mark and Scott at , helping #veterans start Franchise biz’s., Whaat forgot about Hollywood Bowl traffic! In your face LA! ": Oh joy it's season. #trafficsucks #barhamisabitch”, Nothing to do tonight..., He's one in a million, which makes my chances about a million to one..., I am proof of that, we don't need a scientific study., Thanks for the alert - we'll look into that and hopefully have a fix soon., was really hoping you were coming to Oregon, but good luck as a huskie! Glad your caliber picked pac12., i know but, we can help to make people follow her, the more followers the better :), no ego here, well maybe a little, Peyton Manning leads the Colts to an amazing comeback over Pats in 2007 AFC Championship game., Currently at Lou Malnati's with the fambly. Suck on that every other human eating pizza tonight!, ah you're so full of love!! Haha!! Love it!! I was watching ur vids on the other day. I loved the Russian ones., Wrestlemania!! The biggest day of the year!, no ma'am it came out of The Oldest Book in the Worl: " The Teachings of the Ptahhotep" written 2575 BCE-2551 BCE, what happens after you "get" a witness? have you now "gotten" a witness....or have you now "had" a witness?, mom said i have school tomorrow.. but i thought we didn't ?, THAT WAS FUCKING HYSTERICAL! I want to be those old ladies. (when I'm old. I mean), fuck outta here , i'll lick my carpet clean before paying that much ., J Lo is so fine, Driving to Irving. ETA 1:31 PM using - Social GPS., Whoa! Twitter just took on a mind of its own!, thank u sis, Starting with a little Go-Go c'mon Chuck Brown!!, Summer sounds nice during the entire school year then you realize you're bird af at home., Hey I high five over Tofu all the time. You fail., <-Loves when the date has all ones! 10/11/11, so excited only 20 min till we officially meet #runforyourlife :D that hashtag is for trending purposes only bahhaaaa, Home sick. :/, I feel like I should move to Miami more than So Cal ... Decisions decisions decisions!, I am following you 0.o, | YW! Thanks for the quick follow back! It was all because of for saying how great your business is!, tonight's reading will feature Alexandra Teague, Thaisa Frank & Noriko Nakada. 7pm @ The Good Luck Bar. $3 donation, cash bar., as The Situation? Priceless!! Also, finally get to see some in this epi!! FINALLY, Physical fitness is not only 1 of the most important keys 2 a healthy body; it is the basis of dynamic & creative intellectual activity. JFK, Playhouse West Film Festival all weekend long!!!!, I think I'm going to start ranking restaurants quantitatively by 'time to first bite'., Do you have a special story to share with us regarding your aroma diffuser? Share your experience by mentioning us, Don't we all?, I would eat you, deep fried!, is it scary though? I don't watch scary... Eek., No, gettin back cold already!!!!, Quench your thirst w/ #getUGLY FF, is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. ¦ love, haha thanks and followed :), I almost forgot to wish everyone a Happy #CriminalMinds Day...And we know we're guaranteed another year of Happy Wednesdays! YIPPEE!!!!, what's good bruh, I need to date the Jiffy Lube staff... So cute, has an amazing singing voice. like no joke...i could listen to him sing all day. <3, I'm finally on this! Your welcome! :D, Thanks for the support!, ayy friend how's u doing less get us a win tuday!!, "In running, it doesn't matter whether you come in first, in the middle of the pack, or last. You can say 'I have finished.' There is a..., The #designdistrict is on fire! Well, not literally. But you really need to get down here., Armory Week is from March 8th to March 11th and the #westharlemartfund will be bringing you our latest installation and featured artist., Tabling 4 Healthy Kids in the Heights at the 2012 Uptown Games! Great collaboration b/t NYRR, Adriano Espaillat, , & Robert Jackson., he concierge desk is a fertile information ground!, Can't wait for Cali., thx for the heads up on FB, so dat mean u can be a father the other 364 and a mother sunday lol, Everything tweets about is food, and it looks soo good!, #arresteddevelopment You know they don't even have bananas in England, ok, son., I'll be thinking about your brother! My partner was in the navy & I know how odd the military/academic disconnect can feel., Wow! And ugh...I've already been told that I WILL be in attendance for the midnight showing of the last Twilight..., I know You gotta Go cuz you got things to do, You've been my fav. actress for as long as I can remember "We're the same age".NO new starlette will ever surpass your talent, doing good!!I finally saw cabin in the woods!!Was so amazing!!, how bout some imagines!!, "I love Christmas music!", i want to go swimming!, TONIGHT CHECK OUT DJ BIG MIKE @ MEADOW MUFFINS! *FREE COVER* AGES 21+ LIVE BAND IN FRONT BAR! 2432 W Colorado Ave, #9O21O played at the end, just like #GossipGirl!, Sat. I drove to phoenix than competed on sunday then drove back sunday night now I'm in el paso and have to go to school in 3 hours://, woke up at 9 am to watch angel game and Ervin Santana threw a no hitter!!! First no hitter i've ever seen from start to finish!, how long ago was it you visited ?, Why don't people come to Florida ( cough cough sneeze N N cough cough), This place is like bartertown without the mutants, You're welcome! Keep on Rockin!!, #HappyMothersDay 2 All Mothers in the News it been a lot of Sad News on the Love 2Mothers, Our first Strategic Sales Customer is on board! W.allerentconsulting.com, :) thank you. Love you guys and only want the best for you!, agree, double edged sword., S/o To , Causee He Toldd Me Too &Becausee Hes Sittinng Right Next Too Me , w/ His Cutee A** . -,-, No it on fb, Happy Birthday to Betty Cummings, Sherril Rick, Penny Skinner, Connie L. Craft, tht awkward moment during class when you shout the answer in confidence and your answer is wronge, Your tweets have just the right amount of snark!, ": NOW FOLLOWING #Followback! #RAVENSNATION Fan from TN!!" We got you big homie!, Order your next truck with Freedom Ford's Express Order Process (EOP). Get your truck the way you want it, in the color you want, and the r…, it was from a photoshoot in 2010, Having coffee with and the wonderful Chief Snow of Rome, Ga revealing secrets of www.thealteredmovie.com boosting the hype!, naw not right now I'm not. How u and yo bf, #NP in the mashup office.. "What Makes You Beautiful" by, Just got home...let me get the kids to bed & then I'll send some very rough drafts your way., Friday needs to hurry it up., #concert, Happy 4th everyone, My tears taste like tuna., "How do you get your head so shiny"..., What matters is not the length of the wand, but the magic in the stick., Why do we not have this ability yet? I always write posts in my head while driving or falling asleep, but never go further., give it to me, This guy is going to shower and go back to doing nothing. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, Good luck!, I am a Goat lol, Do you love me? Are you playing those love games with me?, The most beautiful woman in the world., ": Clowns to the left of me. Jokers to the right. Here I am stuck in the middle with you" Stuck in the middle again r we?, when coughing on the subway, people look at you like they want to kill you..., find us on #facebook ! www.facebook.com/tijerasnaturalproducts, I'll be rocking a suit as well. Dr. A hasn't askd me to call him Ted yet so I probably can't get away with much :p, Hope my favorite skinny housewife, had a fantastic birthday!!, "Siri, what is bologna?", Make you play with the stick Ovechkin. Appreciate that ... let's go, TY! Need Nice GF recipes! : I do have more, will have to look for them and then send you the links! X, oh goodness, So over wearing bobby pins every day., yeah of course i will!and ok yay! im really excited now!, That's easy to remember! I will definitely look them up! Thanks for the heads up hun!, If you woke up breathing, congratulations! You have another chance!, Just Go With It is so fun! A must see, especially if you liked 50 First Dates. Beautiful scenery of Hawaii and upbeat soundtrack., too cute!! I love it, Big Oil calls them externalities meaning someone else has to bear the health and #environmental costs of their pollution., Good deal&good4them! Didn't know much about him, knew they(Moline) were 22-9 this yr, but 4-5 in league, so I had no idea. Thx!, Just woke up o.o, ": Personally think is amazing so talented an deserves everything he has got!" Totally agree ¢, I feel like you and i would be good friends, even tho you went to duke and I go to UK, and even tho you have more swag than me., #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle journey to the center of the titties, Excited to learn that this year's will be #Othello. Shakespeare in the park is such a great Forest Park outing., You have a Brilliant voice! All the Best to You for the Future! GOD BLESS! :), Placed my first order today! Can't wait until it arrives!, See a movie recently? Shoot us a brief review and we'll RT our favorite!, disney is so fantastic this time of year !! today in florida Orlando it is 78 and breezy could not be more perfect !!!, It's Dolly's song., those are my favorite too! :D ok another question...if I tell you a good joke, can I get a follow from you? :), OCLC survey: 25% of special collections include multiple sites / service locations / departments, I am an interior designer if you are open to working via the web, Is 's gonna be at the Kohl's thing tomorrow??!?!?!?!, Just got a Kindle. Feedback for Seattle Times arriving before 6:00 AM don't look good. When does it arrive for others?, paulreesq: Finished at QMagazine for Xmas. On train & dialling up the Phil Spector Christmas Album... festive, what is John Elway's offical #Twitter account under ?, we already did! well not envy on the coast... but the others! where were you? hahah, Tired of paying too much? We can ease the burden on your auto maintenance through social media., Congratulating Amber!!!!!, Yep... just got bombed. But I'm not stupid enough to click that link. LOL, Havnt been on here for a while ;p Follow me on (;, Although there are several ways that you can buy a home, pre foreclosure is one of the best!, eboni and her 8th grade sister are talking about how you look like Adele :), Hm Peyton Manning coming to the , nice! But is still our starter people!!!!, Cooking channel has exciting recipes for quick and easy meals. COOK WITH US Paula Deen, Hey and - check out 's avi. That's what the dude on the shirt looks like up close., it's 50 degrees today at Notre Dame!, Google Teaches Employees To &quot;Search Inside Yourself&quot;, Get caught living life!, Chillin here at the studio makin Hits!! whats goodie with you bro?, Alright...Steelers - Broncos --- Logic speaks to Pittsburgh but stranger things happen. PITT 24 - Denver 13. You say what?, some of us appreciate the realness, Okay! We'll just have to keep an eye on it :) Maybe this time in Miami we'll see the rest of the Jersey Shore crew :P Lmao!, Lol to funnyRT : Miguel Cotto is gonna Fuck up Floyd Mayweather .. " his dad told me to say that", welcome to the peg!, Amen...I say, Amen! Hope you're having a wonderful weekend! Best...B, I got some suggestions, Happened upon the #UrbanIditarod in Portland just now. I can't wait to live here., Shane's infamous meatloaf and gorgonzola sandwich is on now at Lottie's!, was it a bad rendition of amazing grace? If so, that's my specialty. Ha!, #askbillg has been working on this for 18mths in #chattanooga TN & need your help to push it thru ED ”, Of course! Can't wait to see you for a clean up., Do you still remember what you were doing when the first plane hit?, Love isn't a necessity ,still nice to know someone will always be there to hold you down, don't forget about the grade/red/orange soda, I'll wait to kiss you until our wedding day;), You got the point! I hate Mondays too. Please, can't we just have Fridays and Saturdays? It'd be awesome., "Envision is the perfect title for what we have here ... ES helps students envision what they will become" (SF Supe ), The latter being the most painful RT : a weekend of Nyquil, Mucinex, and Marion Barber, I owe it to myself to have good week, Thanks for the RT! have a nice evening!, Let's car pool ... I'm in coconut creek. I'll swing by of the Sawgrass Expressway!, Thank you to the kids at South County Secondary School who raised $242 for Duncan and Sweetie!, great auction last night...thanks ABQ community for supporting us!, Pretty sure they've turned on the AC at work. I was kind of liking NOT wearing a cardigan for the first time ever here., Good morning world... Wake up to get yo cake up.., Not all babies use pacifiers. If baby just isn’t that much of a “sucker,” may not need to be soothed by sucking on pacifier at all., #PRIME2012 To me MOTHERS DAY is not only about your birth mom who gave you Life, but it is also about all the women who taught you LIFE., Hey Pittsburgh: We're filling up fast with Prom appointments. Book yours now before it's too late. Come get gorgeous!, we spend life away, Not takin anyones side btw, just sayin that we can disagree, discuss and still be cool., I'm not sure quite yet. UM has a program you can get hotel and tickets through. I'm finalizing deets and will let ya know..., Leveled up in two growlers of yumminess., Curses! First you take my Starbuck's Mayorship, now Raley's! Grrrr. MUST....NOT....LET.....IT ...GO! :), yayyyyyy i just got booked for a big commercial.... details coming soon!!! ¦ ya, hectic day to day. dealing with business on the run, Haven't tweeted in a while--writing a computer budget at work has been draining. Reading & responding to 27 Survey Monkey surveys too., Every "concentration camp" during the Holocaust was a "Death Camp" - we must teach the past to change the future., we might do the same. Can't beat what you get in Texas for your $. We should get a coffee some time.I work in Soma, Exit Twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Twitter., Thanks. I think it worked., Future on Blast ... texting my Bestfriend, "Lmfao, this movie isn't even scary"! * Based on a true story* "Oh Shit" <------- #CTFU yes, An Earl of Sandwich will be added to the rest stop? Well excuse me!, aye I need an appt ASAP, woop! woop! Lovely to see you on here honey! x, Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Our government is syncing more computers every day. Out-of-state child support orders FLY into Texas now., If 1 in 3 small businesses were to hire 1 new FT employee the US would be at full employment!, It's kind of hard not to, they actually took away the monthly jeans day as it was creating too casual an environment., But really, you should keep tweeting that Romney fired him. It's responsible., Friday Night Football: Brighton Bulldogs host Monarch HS at 7:00 pm at BHS Stadium., We're happy to be involved! Nice to emeet and, watched the first minute and last 11 seconds, wisconsin wins - awesome, Continental Airlines: paperless boarding pass on my iPhone at PDX. Well done and why doesn't every other airline offer this?, she's amazing xD, Dead Poets Society on, We can't wait, and your delicious Black Hat Temranillo will be a wine list feature out there too!, Finally figured out that I know these poems and can stop clobbering them with intention., Actually, you have to keep it to be worth it. But don't slow down if that's your number :) !, I have some of them, too :(, my life feels like an evanescence song!!!, is that the cure for the common cold?, You can point out everyone's fIaws? You must be so perfect at everything., are you going tonight? How long will you be there?, New respect for tightrope, looking for a good RSS application on FB to pull blog posts into a FB page. Suggestions?, It's not just everyone else is doing, it's that it is a necessary rule to keep free agency out of college bball after recruiting, I just became the mayor of The Combination KFC & Tacol Bell on !, The only thing I don't like about our town parade is watching Deputy Barney Fife Dawg struttin his midget ass around., WHY IS IT SO HOT IN TEXAS RIGHT NOW, I could be like the others and congratulate you on Facebook. But no Congrats can't believe you're a 3rd degree black belt now! :D, Whoa! #Facebook timeline? sweet! we might just be able to reconcile our love-hate relationship. Do you come here often?, one of the basic needs ;), My mama making me ride the bus cuz i lost my permit!, I hope everything goes planned this weekend and i get to see so many faces I've missed., Did you know that on our #RSRA reports we do not default to "high risk"? Try us today and see how we can help you with your to-do list., Hahaha... I know I couldn't. I'd be in the living room, or out in the car. Wait... no. Spiders seem to love my car. Yech., #Walkingdead season finale!, Cue the flood of 'trees in center field' jokes. RT : Anyone out there have any #green ideas we could use at Target Field?, Ravens take Delaware G Gino Gradkowski with 98th overall pick., RT : "Marriage is a relationship btwn 1 man & 1 woman” #Romney doubles down on anti-gay marriage in Liberty Uni speech., when!? I need to see you!!, Fashion at it's best!, Don't miss the last sex trivia of 2010. The prizes from and will make your NYE way more fun!, new to twitter. wish me luck!(;, If you really love someone you will never lie to them because then the lie is bigger than your love for them.., I've literally had the best Friday and the best morning now<3(: Now just waiting till he gets off work :D, Japans marching band is the only band or float which had dedicated photographers... just sayin, Can you follow so we can DM ya the number? Thanks., RT HyundaiNowTest Hyundai Sonata makes the list of top-selling cars and trucks in the U.S. in August! Check it out at: apne.ws/oxYOSK., Last show of tour tonight! Our hometown return at the Rickshaw Stop with and Steve Taylor, so then if the company ever went under, does that mean I won't be able to access it?, OMG, thought we were already following. Totally fixed that now! RT : How about a follow?, Lose yourself in the moment, you own it., haters gonna hate mahomies gonna love Imma forgive u for all u have said about because we all get jealous sometimes!, Hardcore pawn, even if you dint follow me, I wonder if Vinny Del Negro is on the hot seat now. #ChokeCity #ClippersWho?, Off to the vet with the pup and, no way! what happened? x, Now how the fuck am I gonna bang out this Term Paper rough draft tonight..., sick!! thanks!, dnt sweat thm louisville fans, thy have no morals, Try Mumbles on High St. Great soup! RT : & I are reenacting mortal kombat moves. We've GOT to get out of the house, awww ): Dude I love h! I remember listening to him with my mom everyday in like 5th grade! Haha, #ThoughtsWhileRunning why the HELL am I doing this? Lol, Man what's up with me seeing police so much lately?, I wish 2morrow was Friday, 4 real so dat weekend can get here, Its not good to be mean unless that person deserves it RT., Laundry, laundry, who else is doing their laundry today?, Finally downloaded Thank You Economy, 10 minutes in and you are right. Your Q&A led to a sale. Good work my friend!, Yeah MIX~TAPE Coming real Soon..4/17/12..MR.MONEY MAKER volume1, And my daughter exploded., The airports freezing D:, The presents "IN THE MIX" May 2012! With special guest of MAY 17TH! AURUM LOUNGE MIDTOWN!, Red Space Gallery is movin' on up!, And its the glow not the lights., imma try to have a EP up by the end of the week., #stayawayfrommeif you think George Zimmerman shouldn't b convicted of murdering Trayvon Martin!!, You know your neighborhood's ghetto when you have to squeeze through a hole in the fence to get into the playground., Bummer. That is the worst part of living in a highrise shared with a hotel - fire alarm testing days. Poor puppy., delayed by ? Me: 1 cancelled,1 delayed 2 hrs,1 maintenance issue, 2 gate agents that "don't have crystal balls", It's a rare occasion that I have to get up early on a Sunday for work. Of course today is the day Cookie decides to be cuddly., Jessica's sister?, asking for one raisin & a glass of diet water in a drive thru., John Lackey out for 2012 after getting Tommy John surgery. Backup plan was to spend the year dead for tax purposes., u too!!! Goodnight:), nice meeting you:*, they are playing 's James Franco opening at Nationals Ball Park!, volleyball tryouts two days :) yes!., I would loovveeee to spend a day with, is gonna be at Savoy tomorrow night...Never been there...but I might have to check it out now!, I knew she looked like someone but I couldnt put my chin on it lmao, If you're TIRED of stupid love tweets & quotes , follow ™. She tweets real interesting shit you can relate too., Vote on Tuesday and get Walker out NOW. It's really simple. It's a checkmate move. Use it!, with the hat to match! #notorious is on., Can't wait to stay in your new digs this summer! Congrats again., did you get yourself a date!? I can put the rubber sheets out for you, My icon is actually, the sexiest thing. Eh' ;), Trouble sleeping? Eat a few cherries. They have a natural form of melatonin, Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!, Should we start a campaign to get Ravens coach John Harbaugh on here?, oh, thanks - will check!, that's awesome. Brilliant., Thanks right back at cha! RT : S/O to new friend ! Good ppl!, idk you tell me, It's sad that with time and space people will often reveal exactly who they are. Especially when you thought more highly of them., True. Hopefully that won't be too much longer now. I think once book 2 is out, it'll go thru the roof! NY Times Best Seller!, Thats is amazing! This dog is such a cutie too! :), Amongst all the ignorant fuckers in NC..atleast my NJ Devils won. #devils The only good news of the day. CONGRATULATIONS!, Finally done wit skoo worse teacher ever, yall have no idea how serious our rock band sessions used to be, Lmao at ihop with these fools, Need to mend a hole in your linoleum floor? Melt a color-matched crayon in the microwave and fill it in!, ManageEngine to Debut Private Social Network Exclusively for IT at Interop, was that dog that was just on americas got talent real, or?, Including words. RT “Everything’s weird if you stare at it.” - Sam Lipsyte, Will need to check on records retention & library privacy policies, not yet. The interview is next Monday. SUPER EXCITED. ahh i love my new iPad. Much faster and crisper than Isabelle :D, I went to the JoyFM concert earlier and they wouldn't let me bc the stadium was at capacity! First time that's ever happened @ the forum!!, I do. I haven't had a chance to dig deep. It looks very promising., After a tiring but fun night last night, just woke up now to chinese food given to me from mommybear. Going back to sleep soon. :/, So happy it's mine and my loves 8 months today it's been so amazing I can't wait to see her today, two goals for who?, Recovering from failure is often easier than building from success., We are using the most up-to-date and powerful equipment to extend the life of your carpet., I'm out of touch, but there are SO many good places. I've wanted to try the The Little Door or the Little Door Next Door., Had a great time talking to studio class today about our experience making podcasts and what we've learned from it. Thanks!, I don't know who ASSFUZZ is, but any band that needs $18k to record an EP can fuck right off, srsly., Where is your favorite place to vacation?, I know! Exhausting night! Got to bed about 3:30. Wicked critters!!!, I feel ya ,but steroids make you great! You don't see mediocre players use them, do y...ooooohhhh., You know what's funny about today's entire slew of tweets? I don't even feel that strongly for charters. Think some are great, most OK., My kiddos have all their gear. Ready for the 2012 #baseball season, #ThingsIReallyCantStand when people chomp their gum like damn cows, Can't stop thinking about it.. ugh!!, TEMA'S FALL SAVINGS EVENT is in full swing. Visit our showroom to browse all the great deals. Select items on sale with up to 50% Off., Thank you for the support! We will have trailers and movie quotes on here soon!, YOUR FUTURE: What is cloven? Butts, yes, but also hooves. Also clovers. All these things are lucky and so are you today., I'm a bit worried to return home to our 1840s rowhouse. It couldn't stand this wknd's rain, not sure about an earthquake!, Sounds good. Our next session is 2/18. send me email to, when you get here we're going out for this! :), One of my friends from indy was skyping me and his his friend was there, his friend said I was goin thro ur fb wat team u play for?, People complain about racism around the Hunger Games, but the advertising doesnt bring anything but white character to the forefront, bored, watching JB youtube videos. i have a life (:, You Me but the Me 3 weeks AGO.. CATCH UP!! #ThanX#, RT Amazing night :), it's a MAD MAD MAD MAD WORLD, NO?! I can see it now: Gingrich v. Obama. This is more fun to watch than FOOTBALL!, call her school tell her to take the bus n ill get her from raph..call the school NOW, What's good with you? You trying too give a inspiring artist some advice?, Happy Saturday! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, lol her too, FB on the Jobs book. What a well lived life and legacy he has left us. I've learned a lot reading that book!, got the 08 cab as a gift, MT : #mhealth, #tech TH/10am, AT&T will present a $1m contribution to our telesurgery program., Hearts go out to the family and friends of Junior Seau. We are sorry for your loss., I believe I have misspelled Pharaoh incorrectly at least 10 times today. A before o, a before o., #Royals win 6-3 over the Angels in Anaheim. 1-1 record now., YOU CHOOSE OR LIVE BEYOND THE DEVIL AND MELT, lol ' okay babe, Watching like a proud father, I Still Show Love Even When I Feel Hate, (c) and by that i mean she would pretend shes stupid and has no idea what i am talking about and blame something on me D:, : going to BBQ, LOL why would I think I was going to see a real baby coyote of the 4 legged nature, I wish would tweet me !, Great talk today with another professional, civically-minded mom. Can't expect to juggle successfully all the time. But family is first., My phone was tweeting on stage... But we jammed it, Can you please follow me back :)), I love this video!, Considering covering the SCF next month for Please,, has anyone ever seen an Elderly Dike ?, Last minutes Christmas orders taken up until Dec 24th. we have great stocking stuffers for every taste. Try some Cucumber hand cream M, Love is like a rainbow: the more you see it, the more you realize what a miracle it really is, Wish we could have had a little more support from the school faculty/staff and Students, #ThingsiloveToSee my little sisters happy because chris is over :), 28% of Ancestry subscribers in a monthly package, 42% in a premium package . . ., Well thank u. :), I guess sono kall me first, I just hope he takes this time to go to rehab and gets the help he need., yea something, Lennox Lewis.Roy Jones. Type shit at least.lol, Thanks for the RT, Tavares, that was painful!, everybody spit on Meg., MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Selects Leading Chief Information Officers as ... - MarketWatch (press release), It is a prison, free your mind, think outside that box!!, thanks for the #FF, back at you!, #SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 1, Be kind to yourself, love yourself, love others this is what is truly important in life the rest is just filler, And the way you do that is by having a bigger “yes” burning inside, In his defense, I once fell asleep at a James Brown concert. On the other hand, I was eight, and it was late., "A society which seperates its warriors from its scholars will have its thinking done by cowards and its fighting done by fools."..., if i was a bunny & i wanted to bang bunnies, i'd bang lola!, I got you my dude, had a few complications over the weekend, I spoke to Black about it. 2morrow fo'sho, Leaving for #Arizona a week from today...finally I will get to see the sun again Mia loving Arizona..., Where's the sermonic selection?, my new app. A few extra stops for the cheap ticket One more and I'm home, Wait just a second this medicine might be kickin in., I don't even like talking on the phone. Unless your my parents, contacting me for school or shows, or a business partner, don't call me., In 1999 we though the search game was over, Yahoo had won -, Thx 4 following tweeps! Pals Lounge is a great venue 4 hosting party's & shows contact 4 booking, Today is International Boss's Day Off. On the anniversary of the assassination of Julius Caesar, all leaders should stay home today., im faded faded faded, 1450 Studio in amazing building E50th.. renting by the end of today or tommorow. Hit me up to view., what in the hell did you just make me watch !hahahhaa sick, I Love Lucy is on.yeee., i <3 #lola ! have lots of friends that are Filipino Very cool. I can probably bring a LOT of business to you!, Get better soon! Thanks for the great season, you are a BEAST!, it said you didn't, There is no such thing as online privacy. The drive to make money from your personal information is greater than online advertising., i dont think im psychic, but it seems like for the last almost 10 years i have heard and felt things no one else does, Howdy, twitterland. I need one more person for BCB Fantasy Baseball! Do you want to play? First person to respond gets it., Perspective for US drivers: unleaded gasoline costs the equivalent of $8.40/gal in the UK, according to Barclays' Paul Horsnell., Take care, Do any of you SB gals have some good recommendations for compression socks for our pal The S-Unit?, Hey! Hey! Hey! It's almost time for Cassoulet! 5:00 p.m. to be exact., okay, how do I do "it?", Hello, one of my fave actresses!!, “: Capers wasn't shy that first drive.” and to add to that. there was very good tackling, I had to switch,from blue to bud, sad day ...they dont have blue down here:(, we had a blast! Great mtg you! You're so sweet! Loved your heartfelt closing talk, Nicki., Legendary Dobbs 1st annual Metal Fest!! TONIGHT feat ANVIL BITCH + 6 more bands, 5pm. $10. Plus jello wrestling at 10pm!! 304 south st! \m/, “Prayer is not asking for what you think you want, but asking to be changed in ways you can't imagine.” Kathleen Norris, SOME FACTS ABOUT ME I'm not perfect, and I don’t live to be. But before you judge me, make sure your hands are clean., u bet man! How about a, And they used to be car driver signals. MT : Dude, there are all of 3 signals that ever get used, Thanks for the RT Dave!, Why did R. Kelly's "Sex Weed" just pop up in my mind?, All organic and my parents loved it. This is a first., we love you all year round, God has to be the center of our lives, otherwise we will be living off-balance!, I am not even ready for this!, Would you guys like to see a music video for Roads or take a gamble on one of the new songs?, Welcome to Gina, Lisa, Bonnie, Sanjeev, Ruru, Sandy and Annette! 170 Likes! Thanks for your support!, you guys have that also?? It runs our campus for a week, Heading off to the Women's Chorus dress rehearsal for my last undergrad CHOIR CONCERT TONIGHT, In order to remember the set of standards that others wanted me to live my life by... I wrote them down in chalk on the sidewalk... FMHY <3, I heard The Bible has some pretty badass stories, #BC fans stop crowing, beating #NU in the #Beanpot is like you all puking on the T as it turns up Comm Ave happens all the time., Granite City patio and Sporting KC game today, On social media & religion. Dalai Lama has 3+ million followers & follows no one. Pope has 20,000 followers and follows 90., Your girlfriend is rated “E” for Everyone., if only the bucks would wake up!, Thanks....I can't believe anyone listens to my nonsense sometimes...LOL, a little AC? The Roses look hit today. Have a great broadcast. ON WIS!, Sometimes you gotta accept the fact that certain things will NEVER go back to how they use to be., FE/R. Fitterman: (Plays YouTube video of "Aha Moment" ie advert for Mutual of Omaha.) #segue ., About to hit up Napa River Grill where she first fell in love with me. #loveatfirstsight First time back since that day! HA, cool haha but why you be working out your skinny?, Say it to my face. Not through your status., British Members of Parliament call for closure of Romney's Cayman Island tax haven., My cousins are funny lol, I'm a Loser" is one of the first Beatles that "goes beyond love" including " keeping up a happy face when your world's falling down"., Cebu Philippines, The Residences Condominium at Marco Polo Cebu Real Estate Philippines ..... Sulit Real Estate - Buy and Sell Real E..., I think the Miss America contest should display/judge the individuals philanthropic activities!, "after a dark night there will always come a brighter tomorrow", Honestly? I think he may have thrown away the election. Forget economy, jobs... it's now a social issues election., First day of second semester... This should be fun lol, With Peter is #WhereYouBelong Olivia!, No one's rewarded more richly than those who've helped others. It matters not whether they helped selflessly or selfishly, for profit or..., I cant say this enough though, i love denver:), RT : Hiring? Hear about an awesome job? Tweet it out and add #WorkWednesday + the city. Spread some good #LeapDay juju :), thanks for the RT!, i know right?, Monday Funday? Hell yes! HIt us up tonight for some damn good drinks. Also, don't forget Trivia Night tonight at 730.., Cosign! It helped during my drive home RT : post-game argument was more fun than in-game tweeting., Good Karma heading south from Chicago!, Oh my god, Dot is here. I'm dying, Strong incentive to cooperate against #Zombies, a global-counter zombie regime., U know when a boy loves u if u just came back from a 5k race and u hot and sweaty And the boy runs up to u hugs u even when ur sweaty&hot<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>, Can I come too? We don't have to have much contact. Except while tending to the chickens or something., Looks like it's going to be pretty hectic for the next couple of weeks. OBS, Ocala racing, getting handle on wire 2 wire., As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence, kyle williams = giants mvp, Spacewalk throughout the day Wed. Is it on the education channel? Sorry, I just don't want to miss it., Henry Thomas, the cute little boy who befriended E.T., turns 40 today. Holy turds., Working four hours at the Northwest branch today. Should be slow. This branch isn't known for it's large amount of patrons., Flag football with the kids. Great sat morning, Writing the pages of history, this page.... Denver, p.s. u guys ROCK!, The TeamDynamix user group conference is today through Friday! Looking forward to discussions with our customers, ^ Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk. Carl Jung, ": I'm Feelin Some Type of Way at this Point of Time; April 12 Need to FUCKIN Come Fast!!! #ANXCIOUS <3<3<3", and thanks for your kind words! Greatly appreciated!, That one tweet got like 20 retweets doe., Looking forward to tonight's screening of Omega Point at Loyola, the new doc. on JK Toole which drew significantly from our JKT collection, Voice reel!, "Bitch don't wanna mess with me, I'm mentally unstable" quote of the night, If the candidate was nervous an opportunity to calm down, strengthen their presentation, clarify themselves., First on our 5th old school friday mix is Scenario by A Tribe Called Quest. These kids have taste!, Theres just some album versions of songs that just arent good..., It's The Fucking Truth Tho. How You Drag Other People But Get Upset When Niggas Drag You ? It Don't Work Like That., Thru managed comp & cutting costs, we changed the way the we do business, & can now begin restoring services inc'l $ for lifeguard fireboats, any fool can say their sorry #SpiceGirls #SayYou'llBeThere, for sure, thanks again for the free music!, I wanna big b*tch wit an invisible part & gold teeth in some biker shorts & a kobe bryant jersey...., I think most crimes of murder are some kind of hate; even the media has to teach hate before wars, to drum up some kind of hatred for enemy?, yay(: so ready., I'm feeling tired, myself. :-), #Women do 2/3 of the world's work but earns only 10% of its income. Women produce 1/2 of the #worlds food but owns only 1% of the land, dm if you have time to come and check out the studio., need a wardrobe makeover? know someone who does? TLC casting Atlantans for "What Not to Wear. " email: ., - "I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." ~ Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, she did say "In Wisconsin, 5 hours WEST of the twin cities," though, so I got a chuckle., If you don't believe you are the best...go home and play playstation because there's nothing but being the very best., Folly of good faith :: Been reading aloud to myself and now my throat hurts., Richards and Ovie., shit let's get a studio sessh going I'm serious af, Interested in registering to vote? Volunteers are on hand here at College Library until 8 p.m. 1st Floor Center., no. Southampton have to beat Reading because of the goal difference., Thanks for the RT, -- greatly appreciated!, can you #DoIt like i #DoIt ?, true, too tough to pick lol, It's a sign of the times hearing breaking news on Twitter first, no probs, m'lady!, That said, I got a ton of feedback tonight that you all loved the all-vinyl program! Thanks for tuning in and being in touch!, wow i need water that's to spicy, First time in a long time watching the morning news. All it is bad news and weather., Can we restart?, what the hell? Did I just send u haha, we will try and give you some love, hows the radio treating you these days?, hey, can I crash the VIP thing tonight--a friend was the Yelp winner and I'm the Hag...come on..., Im gonna make the best of it, Just for once, I want someone to be afraid of loosing me., Where's the petition? I'm signing. RT : Why make West Coast off-limits 4 #DunkinDonuts? Lots of transplants, Central Australian Walibri men from different tribes greet each other by shaking penises on ceremonial occasions., Thanks to e# (& elliott sharp trio) for "satan sandwich." Now that's a way to end the day!, aids??? haha u gay fag, I just want a guy who will come and sweep me off my feet., email me. Let's get you guys back in for an interview, Its May 1st! Which Side Are You On?, The sheer gut wrenching pain is only NOW starting to subside *sigh* Ur still the best..thanks 4 a GREAT season!!, First night home alone since the baby was born. I'm having an old fashion and a cigar on the deck. What do you do to enjoy life?, yippee it's Deano!! Yes will check it out I def need all the $ tips I can get!!, #TheAwkwardMomentWhen you realize your fly has been down since you left for church., The next time you take a look @ urself remember; u are made beautifully & perfectly n Gods image!!!, 84 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event! Be sure to come for our Vaccine Clinic tomorrow from 8-3!, WORST GAME EVER., So has anyone else watching the the play offs!?, I missed the bus..., Heh, #vmas? That's the most music shows all year!, Guillen is still in an orange jump suit, officers put his walker in the trunk, OMG...Understanding prevailing wage workshop tonight, now I'm more confused than ever, I've never listened to a lot of Morrissey surprisingly. I checked it out and I like it :), Feel like death. Super., Hey #BBOKC Volunteers, tonight is work night! Excited to see you. Beer and pizza! 415 NW 7th, 6-9pm!, I am not your shoulder to cry on., you raise a good question... we r following community benefit initiatives, I like your face. K., I'm so shocked!!! My food benefits went down another $20.00 and food prices are rising. I didn't get any notice either, Stats, I am ready for you., I'm done eating and I am playing 2 k11, dude - does alice soccer have a google calendar??, Oh these poor people on TLC - suffering from odd unexplained illnesses & the doctors can't help them. My heart breaks for them., Air & Space Museum! Wish you were here!, Q: What's your Cinco de Mayo plans!? Come get a fun outfit at the mall before heading out!, thanks for the follow! =) <3, I'm in Eugene! How long are you there for?, How Steve Jobs came to play FDR in a 1984 Apple short film (Ellis Hamburger/The Verge), No girl! You just P out the extra! (lol), Was your first Monday night without football since August w/o football really that traumatic, Mr. Stella? --- removes noose from neck ---, Story of my life LOL RT What a nice day today to be productive;), bout to go to mcdonalds!, Johnny Cash & The Beatles play on every Pandora station., Yeah I know Mike Z good dude., On train. Person next to me talking on phone about how to pitch a story to my employer. So strange!, “: Driver did a horrible job in qualifying car has been pretty good all day.”, #PetPeeve A messy house., THANK YOU!, There is a guy at the Brewer game w a fluorescent green hat on that looks exactly like me. He's getting a lot of TV time., Court records suggest former Doernbecher nurse charged with child pornography will be released from federal custody, #Friend is a strong word nowadays, The question asked: Why were there $100,000 in unused landlines, cell phones and voicemail in Wisconsin agencies? There's a disconnect., I love the PR team at the office. No one else would discuss furries over lunch while stone-cold sober., Females these days teasing and shit showing tongue and lip action on Oovoo but won't talk sex wtf, Math is easy for me up to a certain extent, Hope everyone had a lovely Easter! <3, Good morning Brett! What an awesome night I had last night w/ the Tigers at their foundation event. Laird made me do shots!, by printed word, do u mean on paper? Does a textbook online or as a PDF count as printed? Just clarifying, we're a 1:1 district., Just one more day! I cannot wait!!!, Go Denver!, Thank you! Deep breath! I'll plan a little celebration shindig soon..., He isnt a SG either. Dude SUCKS., u should feel honored.., I hope you know that youre seeing WTK with me at warped tour., That was a crazy fuckin dream!! #murder #sex #Realmafiashit #hammers #crv's, Bloomfield miss you too! Hope you get to visit soon., "man that harry potter kid is such a jerk, treating apes that way!", hey whats up?, I'm loving this new song, 'Daughters.' This is why he's in my top three of favorite lyricists. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>, oh my... away from twitter and the layout has CHANGED a LOT!, Even when I'm old and gray, I won't be able to play it, but I'll still love the game. Michael Jordan, Right now it's like..... Audi > Beamer, i called you because i was on my way over there and my phone died. How was i supposed to get in w/o letting you know i was there?, you'll never know if you never tried, so glad some of the back pain is gone lol still awsum, gotta love those sticky keys, Maybe since Dirk is still solid, but we'll miss having a center that good. This team was stuck with Shawn Bradley for 7 years, Y we gotta play spurs y we cant play lakers let thunder play spurs, Whenever I watch a "novice" ask questions I am amazed at how much insight "expert" will share with them- I must try to do that more often, I remember! You got me into Jane Austen. One that was mentioned is a mystery called The Phantom of Pemberly., Let's set the world on fire!, Wheels are falling off the Pacers bus..., ": That awkward moment when Tupac's ghost performs at Coachella and everyone assumes it's a 'hologram.'" LOL this killed me, getting the heck out of hades and headed to rim country for the day! Its too hot here!, Agree! Well done everyone! :), I can't stress how much I hate school...fuck this paper its almost summer, Audition for SAG National Comm on Tuesday., Excited for the meeting with good friend tomorrow !!!, Have fun. I hope you see !, ya that sucks y didnt u try out?, Why do the biggest a-holes on the road usually have a Coexist bumper sticker?, HAHA Whew glad u told me you were being sarcastic!, Q2.5 Are we giving you what YOU want?, 1k tweet to my sweetie <3 I love that guy. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>, We are at the game and it is rocking tonight!! We have one kicka$$ team guys., House proposes raising taxes on the families of 5.5 million low-income #kids to purchase two submarines we don't need, Something I forgot to mention last nt. I'm sure if I was a Braves fan I would love the T-Hawk Chop. But since I'm not.. it's SO annoying!, Thank you! love seeing your posts :), Come to the Brew City booth at Summerfest, see the craziest collection of Milwaukee apparel in one spot in the world!, Are you working for ESPN in India?, Dj john tonight! The wall is open, its a nice night to be out on the town. Stop in for a drink!, Blah I sleep for 3 up for 7 sleep for 3 up for 10 this isn't what I meant by being up in the morning && I'm such a great dreamer mehh :(, #ineverlearn convo's with the old man never end well. I try, but that Ego is a life saver machine in reverse; sucks the life out of you., Hi all. Writer/blogger/teacher., Very jealous!, Good word! Thank you for your wisdom...and AW's :), Text me! I have to get off soon.786 477 3727~, Final Friday! Tonight! Load of Fun! 5-8PM! Check it out!, Getting angry has really no point what so ever. It's just a waist of time., only if u thnk u r....otherwise, keep charging my friend, Shout to all the members of the Brethren: Scott, Adam, Ed, and Nick... from Steve in Indianapolis., G.M.N.I.: Long night ahead. No rest for the wicked es lo que dicen. Ya sabes., Hate getting called into work, Performing stunts in movie tomorrow!, Only 44% of U.S. adults have a #will. -DailyFinance.com, "These values cost us millions of dollars." lives its values., Hope the weather holds up for my boys this weekend. Let's go 5 and 0 again!, I have the Gremlins theme stuck in my head., They need to re-release titanic in 4D where they flood the theater and turn on the air conditioners for the full effect., When will Shamrock Shakes start in 2011? I missed out last year and have been craving one since!, What was I thinking not eating before I left..., need new headshots for boys time to get serious about getting them working !!, Where are my real MUSIC fans at?! And by MUSIC I mean songs that speak to your soul and thoughts., "The system breaks when I go into the database and manually corrupt the data!!!" ... "Really? who would have thought?", A big thank you, to all of you who voted for my in NC primary!!, RT : have a great day everyone, K, whatever then, I tried. Not gonna give my 100% if you won't. It takes two people to solve a problem like this and I'm not, also, I think you should tell sam that I think syrup should be a term of endearment just like sugar, honey and sweet thing., good afternoon, tweeples. how is everyone doing on this #manicmonday?, Irish weather just for St. Patty's day. How very LA. Someone can call wrap for the rain. No really..., I would rather see monkeys or maybe even kangaroos., thanks Keith. Good luck with yours, too. I look forward to seeing you in Denver., This is so true and just a choice! RT : When you control your attitude you also control your life., About to ace this World History test though., Bro your knicks are as lame as your jokes RT : I bet facebook is poppin off with Spurs fans they just signed up, all i could think about was you you you, We will be playing 3 pre season games tomorrow against UNC in Johnstown at Nelson Farm Fields. Games start at 11am, UGH want food helping in the kitchen MAHOMIE FOREVER! happy thanksgiving, Good will always prevail, go caps...well this time at least, I feel dead today, JUST DO IT EDDIE! The rain doesn't matter! Lol, I dislike raw onions., With 5 of 17 precincts reporting, Mineral Point Schools referendum has 117-65 votes in favor, WOW! Pray for Junior Seau family... Hard to see his mom cry... :'(, I want to just go up to you and give you one more hug., If he loves me, if he loves me If he loves me, if he loves me not Oh, how will i know, A man period? It's when like.. when you're being an asshole it's just an excuse to be an asshole., Great to catch up buddy!, RT : Whenever you correct someone's grammar just remember that nobody likes you., Is it possible that my 16-month old is stronger than me?, Denver, 5 days away from my baby girl..... Rough!, The 99% think like the 99% and that's why they are the 99% bitching at the 1%. Be the 1% by thinking like one., looks like NBC wants Ree's coming in. Playing the 2010 UTAH game., honestly feel will just bleed further into "This Theatre vs. That Theatre" and not the whole community look he wants., yes I think its safe to say I am more of an adidas guy, couldn't help myself :), That old, bad joke gave Santorum such a headache he needs an aspirin!, Basically, from the viewpoint of real human value we are all the same, so i subscribed to your status updates to my phone.......... and i woke up this morning with 15 texts from twitter!!!, agreed sir., Same here, man! I feel like that I have very few things to edit. Everyone was on the ball yesterday evening., hm #confessions?, right. Txt ? Or fb/twitter, “: ... step brothers onnahood”, alright we should!(: and love you too girl! (: and yea ill text you(:, What an episode!, Stick Just Called -.-, Great and launches at the #eisummit this year. Good to see measuring soft skills become a focus for, I don't agree w/ that kind of talk. But the hate goes both ways. Calling on fellow republican to do the same would be a start, sent that DM ;), Good they were just some dumb looking practice jersey everything back to normal, You know who has a super cute baby? . I want to babysit her! I promise I'll give her back. Such a cutie pie!, And to start the week I just spilled burning hot coffee all over my arm..., where have you been hiding?, New Linkin Park and Jason Mraz music!, - Are you a baseball fan? Have to ask, can see how living in Boston might burn one out on the sport. :), Hey Friend Good Morning To All From Tutor Pace...!!!!!, Don't know her religion. Ethnicity-wise, she's African-PanEmian, I believe. RT Important Hunger Games question: Is Rue Jewish?, Lots of people say "sure, I'll read it" then sit on it forever..., First order w/ Totsy = not impressed! Hoping they can fix it, but we'll see., I want to be a jillianairre so freakin bad., Just watched 50/50..I recommend it., since i wanna be a singer maybe i should go get some acting lessons as well maybe play one of my characters lol, Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts., No wonder I failed Spanish. all I learned is how to say "pretty"& "pants" ya know incase I ever need to tell someone they have pretty pants., ya gotta add jeff to that too lol he is just as bitter if not more, #askaustin its 11:11 and i wish u could DM me!! And thats my wish too!(:, look at you repin the bulls so hard! Im stuck with the sacramento kings!, sounds like we gotta get drunk, come to wicker park. Corner of damen/division, Looks like a useful and compelling book! I've already put in my pre-order. :-), if the heat lose again, then you know that's gone happen., I've done alot of wrong, i try to apologize subliminally a ton., hope that link is good., Last minute shopping ! Get Great Dresses and accessories and shoes and handbags..., heading to murfreesboro today!, good question... maybe honest johns or motor city brewery?, Juicy knows your family, your girl and more will miss you, but he "Won't Miss Ya" and provides video proof that he won't, Lets meet some where so i can kikk you, (Although it's always a crapshoot, we hope we've ordered garments suited to nerdy boys AND girls.), Dude the season finale of #TVD n #TheSecretCircle were off the chain, What do you tell your #library patrons who want an ILL for a Kindle book that came out 6 mos. ago, but the paperback came out today?, If only gum was banned and talking with your mouth full a misdemeanor! I've had misophonia for 30+ years. Glad for attention., Go to Mike's Chili Parlor, right at the northeast foot of the Ballard Bridge, CNN International live streaming Syrian crackdown. Reminds me of Libya. Wait. Aren't we still there? War Powers Act anyone?, Rant, rant, rant, bitch, bitch, bitch. ughhhhhhhhhhhbdnlasksgdsbdvsk, #Unify customers: Win a free Unify license! Follow & tweet to with your Unify site link + #unifygallery. First 10 win! ..., Boys up first! So nerve racking. Brian starts it out, good luck !, Inkwars, making me thirsty, Cooking dinner tonight? Come get your fresh veggies!! At low prices, Steve Harvey is playing atomic dog! Roo to the Bruuuuuuuhz!!!, do u have any book recommendations for parenting especially in regards to discipline in a godly, gospel-centered way?, They know who they are :), Oh hey, holidays. Looks like I won again. In your face., Let's get the revolution of baseball in South Florida going, sir! GO #MARLINS!, Congratulations to Steve Helm, Dean of Radford University's McConnell Library, on receiving VLA's Presidential Citation!, Let's celebrate last night's win with $4 Three Olives Cocktails and cheer them on to their next victory of the series!, It's almost here: we're going to announce a brand new product tomorrow! Stay tuned for more info!, yeah thats call respect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>¢<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, Don't Be Nasty., tomorrow is monday....., Off to pick up a photo of mine going in the Del Mar Fair. You can't miss it! A Christmas table cloth drying on a clothes line., Interesting that Michael Moore is now trending in NY, but #occupywallstreet hasn't yet. Censor much, Twitter?, FINISHED OUR NEW EP!!!STAY TUNED!, Thanks for signing the petition!, I am still painting flowers for you, we enjoyed having you, let's make this the first of many Madison shows to come!, SPORTS/Soccer Mexico 0 Vs Venezuela 0 From Houston game min 2, OH ITS ON BBY, My granddad was totally against debt. Feared it. He was an illiterate carpenter, but he built his house on his own money., Every day is Friday!, iHate when I suggest a movie, Everyone agrees, i turn it on...& No one pays attention to it, Ms. Kirkendall speaks to the LCPS Board regarding the advantages of FLES for native speakers of Spanish and how FACTS not opinions matter., when's the last time you tied your shoes? since you wear Toms all the time..., #WillAllTheTwitsPleaseSitDown the things I say to myself aren't as good as the things I say to others, #90sproblems having to get off the internet so somebody can use the phone, If u want to see me calm then see me high, Attack of the show, again., Saw Frontline doc & wanted to thank you for your courage! Ill be moving to UK to investigate media reform in light of scandal, #HappyBirthdayEdge and #ThankYou , we love and we miss you! no one will be like you! there's only one Rated R Superstar, and that's you!, Have a great weekend! Good luck to everyone running in the #FlyingPig and have a very happy Cinco de Mayo!, Merry Christmas!, LOL, what kind of music?, Hi Joe! It was fantastic meeting you at the #Thriveal GROK. Glad we can connect on here. Big Monday plans?, is hosting a food drive for the holidays! Bring your canned goods between Nov 21st and December 5th!, #successful ..... how's the power moves coming along?, is blowin up my phone lol<3 your so adorable though "I'm dopey" Hahahah, webinar w/ #womnegotiators, #yasmindavidds, Step aside and show you have power!, I hate all the girls I like., Twitter recommending I follow Bank of America, Louis C.K. and Rachel Maddow...one of these things is not like the other, Congratulations ! Keep it up!, knew that was commin, You are welcome!!! THANK YOU for the shout!, You don't cross a woman holding a bag of poop, it's just that simple., Who the hell is Kevin Kash? www.kevinkash.com, won't be happy MT : ...for all intensive purposes...., Keep doin it by on right now tune in. Its anotha one fa us ladies, just get an iphone 5 man!, I agree! We need to get some people out this way, Black Nativity, a must-see Boston holiday tradition, runs this weekend only! www.blacknativity.org! RT please!, Smells like teen spirit made the album ... thx fellas. MAJOR, I really like the lions pick a lot., Next week at #Educare of Chicago - Wednesday: #Parent Support Meeting; Thursday: Parent Committee Meeting; Friday: Yoga!, Volunteering does show that your ego in in check. a great way to start., clean underwear is a good place to start,) tear it up tomorrow T Rob,) Jonni Armani, Did I un follow? If I did sorry. Ever since I updated twitter it will un follow ppl., Food break, at 4:30 we are out and have to wait for the park to re open for gradbash. Should be a fun night, battery at 32% :/, I've just uploaded all my most cherished music to Google Music. Now Big Brother knows everything., DROPING NEW TRACK TONIGHT! Keep an eye on my tweets. This song is hot, I promise., Ok, ? 2. Is this going to be an issue putting Perry at OLB? Is he to big? Hasn't he said he wants to be a D end?, NSLC contacted me for an interview!!!! #summerjob?, Maybe you'd be less stressed if you didn't shout all the time?, Watching Bad Boys, We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!, I am.doing good actually thanks.it was good and warm today here 78 #jealous? Haha, Have you ever started a movie 2/3 in and tried to figure out the plot? It's impossible. Now try an ACTION French film with subtitles., Apparently, "amish romance" is a genre., Research and Markets: Corporate Hospitality Market Report 2012, Chillin with Audra today : ) might go see a movie and thinking about going on a road trip, Good Morning!!!<3, Tribe game and, Hm seems there is a #cougarlife app., happy friday! what are your weekend plans milwaukee? i'm in need of retail therapy at !, Andy is back!!! Hope he has a great game!!, it really did, though!, its ur b-day?!!! I didn't know!!! Happy, happy Birthday hun!!! I hope u had a blessed one!!!, Join them, If this isn't curl up on the couch coffee drinking weather, we don't know what is! Stay safe and enjoy the day everyone!, So the question of the hour is whether or not facebook screws up instagram. Taking all bets!, for sure, and when I'm not tired and can jump higher than 2 1/2 inches.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>Haha you probably think I'm pathetic.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>, so enjoy your day!?:D and dis ur mom enjoy it too??^^, Herb Kohl, smells too much like Payton/Allen trade that went south for organization. Also, I think $20m would put them too low, Thanks! It's the very least I could offer to this world. LOL, Beautiful Italian quote : A tavola non si invecchia. - At the table with good friends and family you do not become old., You'd think Gladys would have gotten a purse company endorsement by now., And it's over...Harford couldn't pull it off, Mandatory viewing for US history survey? I think so. >> RT Awesomest Birthday Present Ever In History. bit.ly/oEUxyx, Hit us up with info u already kno., Nice one! The red is distinctive. Famous Wake scholar used to cram two lines of notes between lines of text with calligraphy pen, I'll be there. See you Friday., Thank you so much - I truly enjoyed my time with you and the team. There are amazing things happening at People Matter!, All 3 of my kids are making fun me for calling coupons cue-pons instead of coo-pons but I can't help it because I grew up hearing it wrong, #DC is the place to be!, RT: "I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls." Happy Birthday Audrey Hepburn!, Great time at the opening party tonight!, That is great! I love my bobble head!, At the DMV paying tickets and getting a new license good life, So can I threaten your existence :-p, There's just not enough time in a day it seems like., I miss you!, Should have mixed it with Cointreau from the liquor cabinet., good. been suffering bad allergies but good., Over the course of my life I've done many things 5 days in a row, but jogging a mile was NEVER one of them, until this morning., I HATE when girls are like "ima so wifey i will roll your blunts for you" stfu you dont even smoke!!!, 0 Truth persuades by teaching but does not teach by persuading. Quintus Septimius Tertullianus, An absolutely gorgeous day in #Vegas!, Michigan Tech, GM To Show Off High School Talent, Women Lie.....Numbers Don't., thanks! Are u from Detroit?, I love her writing. I'm looking forward to Isla and the Happily Ever After., Get on renovation/building committees., listening to music, hbu?(:, Dude, check out I think I'm going to sign up for it., All this speculation #Jets vs #Jags... Could it be as simple as tebow choosing the better team! Lol, Where's he been?, if you don't care, yes. Extremely pissed., Peace out Ebanks., I have to park on the street. $40 is beyond what I'm willing to pay, CBs fall fest is much cheaper., Thx for RT & for agreeing! :-) RT : Agreed. ": ...might as well have "A Few Good Men" running in the background.", lol he is not new lol, oh... yeah. i get that. ok, for you: cheese., Great ADR session today thanks to Mike Rivera, Sally Connors, and Thiago Tiberio! The Wailing Film, Two years ago today my mom passed away. They say it gets easier with time...hope so., I'm not having a good day >_<., Hey I watched some puppies playing by the library and I blurted out "hey mom, I is wrestling" ... #scaring strangers, Welcome to twitter!, Hydration is key not only to performance but to body functioning in general, make sure you are hydrated daily and replace fluids lost!, Don't be a hater Tiffy ;) We got this!, Hope everyone is having a wonderful Merry Christmas!, Drove past Cowboy stadium this evening and was wondering about the activity -- forgot the Pacquiao-Clottey was scheduled there tonight., yes who else would be my default?, How awesome was this? RT : Late Night now! Opening with singing "In My Room" check it out., we're happy to see Discovery up close- but my little guy is TICKED he can't be an astronaut, so he's decided to be prez. 1st, Drose is back!!! Go Bulls!!!, So tell me why you tryin to ignore love in your life?, Thats a bold claim Mr. Batwing, You never hear anything about dulcet shades or like, dulcet timbres. Does this smell dulcet to you? Dulcet., AUSTIN RIVERS, Way to help him sell the product., 've got friends in the Lone Star State...good to know y'all!! Lol, damn I can't wait! I'm still on the first season, what's for dinner? salami, pita chips & tomato/basil hummus…and rum & coke. what can i say? i need to go to the grocery store, Lost our dog Found our dog, “: The Mariners will take the field tonight to a Beastie Boys song in remembrance of MCA. #RIPMCA”. This is really cool, It's embarrassing to accidentally un-mute Angry Birds while playing it in the men's room stall at work. Or so I'm told., club race coming this wekend... Goodland Grand Prix next weekend! Getting excited!, that bear is going to eat your son!, When the person who matters to you the most STILL doesn't realize it, I know you're tall. And a tank top wearing slut, lol close to it, im great, but staying busy in Joynes. Hopefully I'll see you during orientation 2 later this week., yooo i miss tess she knew how to have fun haha, Absolutely nothing to do todayy. -__- what a great way to start spring break., Party at shannons! <U+E312>, Those days when you wake up, struggling to keep afloat & keep your attitude positive? Yeah, it's 1 of THOSE mornings., Remember when was only at #8million followers, haha I couldn't have said it better myself!, Happy Birthday!, Yay!! Can't wait for Parade along w/ &, why isn't intoxication permanent, Check out They'll have you feelin' some time of way ;), you're welcome!, Had a good time lastnight with & Aaron!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, - glad you got it taken care of :)), Get a NYE party going at XONA with the Orange Iguana!, That sounds great nice to see you at whole foods this evening. i will figure out where we met before, one of these days. :), so i may have gone a little overboard at the sale on today, Now you're just trying to make me jealous..., Kinda in the mood to do something but there's nothing to do, : If you enter a relationship based on deception, you will maintain a #relationship based on deception., no I was over it anyway!, Thanks for following me!, project due tmrrw, ill do the rest in the morning., Easy day today, #obamacarefacts Under Obamacare, all organ transplants will be subject to a cap and trade system., It's National Bagel Day! What is the best bagel topping?, Makin New Hits, hey can't wait to see you tonight, Hey, come to the Harvest., have a blessed day, filled with rational decisions and productivity ;), I feel great bud... I napped all day while you were on the road..., Great discussion on USF reform #cbais join us!, Hello EME All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact, Koots in Anchorage all this week, show starts @ 9!, "Shouldn't you blow in the other end?", Travolta believes in space aliens...and banging male masseuses., Vashoners, my second question of the day, where does one park for several days other than the upper lot at the north end ferry? A P&R?, Yeah great to see you too! What a night!!!!, Thank you so much for offering the live 'casts. It's deeply appreciated and wonderful, valuable info., Sometimes it's the damsel in distress that saves the knight in shining armor., 2.Im Single, Dolphins mini-camp begins Fri w/new head coach JPhilbin & new rules: Strategy & player reps cannot be 'aired, blogged, tweeted, published.', I actually know where that is!, #WEBD1500 at Tennessee Tech University thanks you for the offer and will query you very soon:), Presentations need to be more like rock concerts, May your Dreams become Reality..#Driven!!!, I think it's cool to be out of touch with whatever is cool today. #IReadBooksToo :D, yor beauiful no matter what u say i love <3333, I love mindless behaviors song Girls talkin bout, Happy April Fools Day everyone !, #oomf gott life fucked up if he thought I was just going to cuddle/cake just for the hell of it! That ain't shit u do "just cause"!!, It's raining in McKinney TX!!! First rain drops since June 22., Returning to work after six weeks of paternity leave & holiday break. I have to remember what I do., RT : RT : Big up to ma TEAM & Follow them an show ur support <3 Thanx guys!, You have more people here for the movie than your talk…why is that?, Come to Saz's State house tomorrow and sing karaoke with your Milwaukee Admirals! 10 - close w/ Happy Hour pricing on beverages! The Finest, Members Card New York Rangers ML -170 (50 units) Richcapper, Who's super excited about next week?, haha thank you! im Bryan i will see what the guys are doing for warped tour and maybe you might see them there, good! it's going better now that I've regained focus .... Only tweeting to you, u should feel special lol, what was her name, Even in multimedia big leagues you get #CNBC and #Google staff saying "I'm not sure if we're live right now or not." #TechIsEvil Here we go!, Seriously? They are totally worth it. And if you guys would really do it, i'll tell my friend the ticket was bought., Waffle House for breakfast!, no I don't have it. Email me when u have a chance., The 2012 Milwaukee Brewers: Not good enough to sell themselves, so they bring in a different sports athlete., RT : talking #remodeling #additions #kitchens in, On the boat from Canada with one thought on my mind.... Beat the 100 person old people tour group to customs, Please let me win I am a big breast cancer supporter, my grandmother passed with breast cancer and my favorite color is pink, i gotta listen to all my dick friends that are jet fans all week if we win this game were fucken steam rolling.., Last time Indiana, Kentucky, and Louisville all made the Sweet Sixteen was 1993., Ok i'll see tonight, What are we, 12? And I expect you to be shwasty pants by the time i arrive home! Or Else!, Watch for christmas ima want another phone !"", Listening The Afghan Whigs' 'Gentleman' in Grade 7 was the first time I felt shame for being a man., RT : Join us for a special program Tues, July 12 at 6:30 featuring scenes from + a panel discussion, I feel like no performance can ever top 's at the 2009 VMA's., I'm so excited for you to be here and experience the Portland office. Can't wait to see you, Mall-roy!, Have to go back to court at 1:30pm... the judge gave them more time. haha- for nothing b/c they have nothing. We have this case beat!, We teach #universities, gov't organizations, and businesses how they can benefit by entering the #mobile world., THANK YOU!!! would you be willing to pay $150/month for this amazing pool and gym? i need help with that part :(, - #Thanks for the #Crowdfunding Monday, This town is so boring. :(, Don't know what to do., not yet, but we did have a bacon tart, bacon chocolate chip cookie, and bacon ice cream last night at, Please RT-Register to win $100 gift certificate to an SIC biz! Survey for new biz concept tinyurl.com/43tvfje, Knowing an embarrassing amount of things about Greek mythology makes everything much more interesting., they're not?, HA ! Yeah right .-. Things like this he never gets over :(, Please RT: We can get a #VAGOP majority in the Virginia State Senate with your vote. Make sure to vote Republican this, Edvard Munch's "The Scream" to be renamed "OMG"., can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 328, Nava is batting sixth? This is a thing that is happening?, MGE says they set new power record today between 3 and 4p, just about the time I turned my vol knob to 11 on Dirt Road Anthem, GUYS I JUST GOT CARDED, RT Yes you are BC. Just troubled enough! Better check with the legal dept first, Ted Nugent was apparently a big draw at the NRA convention, where Romney spoke. His rant was borderline treasonous., Congratulations!!!! Great game!, Oh you celebrate 4/20? Congratulations you're to trashy to have a job that drug test., cabs are pricy and our busses are really unsafe, i'm not going to call you a jerk. that'd be giving you too much credit., Hey jim nice gig from L.A., Thanks for your support!, Going to sing for some bratty little kids., Just found out that tubing in VA & WV requires that you wear a life preserver. WTF? That's what the tube is for!!!, #ff and thanks, Marc!, I love you just please follow me and tweet me I will DM you something that will make you go crazy! (;, Goodnight #Denver_Broncos! TB with a performance for the ages. Devine intervention won't make this easier for, Thank you! And likewise! :), U gotta stop snorting that stuff in such quantities! Nice Pic, we'll send U similar pic from Portland OR, on our balcony w rain!, Brewers game not televised, transplanted fan syndrome sucks!, Be sure to catch us live on Good Day Fox 4 on Feb 23rd starting at 8:40 am!, I think if you shart, whilst on the toilet, it can then be referred to as a legit poop., WOW!! That's some serious mileage! Can't wait to see the pix. Thanx for the Mom's Day well wishes :)))), That's odd., going to be around today? have proper serious question to ask.., Not a fan of Dillard's impressions, or pitching?, Every second you spend angry or upset is a second of happiness you can never get back, ": I thought you may have another GTL kinda day" <- you know me a little too well., In communicating your org.'s story, Ken Carbone says, "amplify" your brand: "Activate all touch points w/ your audience." | 4 of 4, Why is every party being called project (insert a name here) it was just a movie. And no party will ever come close to that, How bout we all get weird this summer?, part of the problem is that I have to use something that is free of dyes and fragrance., "I realized that my human body, my human life, was arbitrary. I could have been a dog"—from Louise Erdrich's new story, in the NYer Monday., Earth day fair tomorrow. Balboa Park. We'll be at the booth with & How about you?, Its funny as I sit here. I am nervous about contacting these people to ask them about help. Wonder why that is.Maybe fear of rejection.PUSH, Thank you to and #SMPS Marketer for including my quote and #webdesign work in the mag's great article on CMS Platforms, yes of course he even leaves his clone number after he leaves damn he made alot of them!!!, now following this chico, headed out to molly malone's to cheer on the jayhawks. my favorite time of the year!, Team Florida!!!! Are you ready for some football ???? Look up Team Florida - Exclusive Football league., can u help me become an actor, It's a great re-invention of the game! RT 3 words: Angry. Birds. Space., Greatness is not seen by the number of people who follow you, but in how you serve those God has placed in your life., If I was good at writing I could write a whole book about publish it and win Austin's Heart<U+E022>, When you find your ex boyfriends twitter and he flirts with a million girls...TROLOLOLOL! Desperate much? #WasIDrunkThatWholeRelationship ??, Help us fill some tour dates. We are looking for some dates between the 12th and 19th of this month. If you book bands hit us up., Artists u don't need all them Dick riders on stage. Most of them serve no purpose. They won't even promote for u they just Dick riders, can't hurt for anyone with an "ethnic" surname. they'll appreciate not having to do a broken English check and feeling racist., she's just too nice! I'm excited about coming tonight!, With your managed VPS, is it possible to install apps such as Varnish, Git, Memcached, Drush etc... ? thanks., I bet your friend Lisa peed her adult diaper., damn, that's nice man!, MLB fires Shyam Das? I'd like to give that man a job, not to mention a laurel and hearty handshake., What's the move??, brainstorms with students, gets them to use index. Also takes pics in library to explain citations., You need to stop... I think you are just amazing and now your sell skin care on my favorite shopping channel.. Love you, Thank you for the reminder., It's Me At My Favorite Spot . . . . You Know The One Right Around The Block <3 !, A4: what are your goals? How are your customers using mobile? How much money do you have :), Leftover Thai food and #HarryPotter is all I need., he'll get one inning then Bard, Is it possible for a Smurf to hold its breath till its blue in the face ?, Who is your favorite solo piano artist?, It looks worse than it is. Just a new fangled way to get medicine directly into the tissue., Many a small thing has been made large by the right kind of advertising, but the highlight was my precision driving right ;), Still have a few tickets left for our new years show at the whisky. Contact us here or at our fb page for info., Yeah, people. Get it together! RT : To everyone making Come On Irene jokes, the song is Come On EILEEN., You are a human copy machine., Not happening, ok I like this., AvaHost Web Hosting Presented a New Easy-To-Use Site Builder. - Houston Chronicle, R.T IF YOU LOVE VINCENT CASTRONOVO, so..... How was the "stow-a-ways" trip?, haha well I think you are :), Woke up and no txt from her smh -_-, Thanks for following me! I love the "Only One" single!, Dave Foxx is giving is a terrific primer on manipulating music at the #Summit 2011., yes sir! Also releasing a new design for a shirt, I know you asked about some big dude sizes, we could hook it up!, OMG! That would be so fun. Scotty beam me down to Larptopia Prime!, yes! Daft punk Tron!, Leaders must desire to surround themselves with people greater than they. UnCommon Leaders don't want "yes" people. Honesty & new thinking!, ctfu hell yeah, Oh I understood it (I tweeted lol) but had to add more....., u don't like 2 chainz?, I drive operational excellence in a group of companies, lol yes haha totally xD but It's kinda weird hugging strangers., "Success is not something you pursue. Success is something you attract because of the person you become.", Red wine chip? Yes!, Happy Easter & Happy Passover to all! We hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday with family and friends. Enjoy!, Hello Merry thanks for the follow., Teachers need early access to iP - push the boundaries...what CAN'T devices do., Mumf doin This Tim Tomorrow with the Kinks? Noice!., Appreciate it, man!, yeah, it did. I blame the jameson that night, I saw them she showed me lol, i think lebron should try and go for a game winning shot, Sand castle is gonna be my spot for the summer >>>>, Celebrity's who make up world peace songs...<, I'm amazed I'm not that tired after getting 4 1/2 hours of sleep. I'm a little disappointed in the outcome still, but am so proud., why do i get the feelin u guys DO remember that moment! :), Don't ever judge a book by it's cover, becaue looks can be decieving. <3, You can hate me now, but I won't stop now, cause I can't stop now..., Shooting a new TV spot today. Say hi if you see people with cameras and gear walking around today., RT : 90% of America is working class, I sliped a roofie into ORANGINAS beer, but that Dummy took her drink and got roofied that day., want to start P90X, but live in an apt where installing a pull-up bar isn't possible. Is this a worthwhile solution?, #1 I have a MAC-don't need it, and I think Norton is worse than a virus. #2 Don't spam. It's not becoming!, Thanks, Jen!, Phoenix beats Chicago, 3-2, in OT!, At New TEech, Failure is an impt option in learning...we want students to challenge thmseves & learn from mistakes. NTN-SXSW, Thank you for the RTs on our Career Fair & Networking Event this Wed!, summer is coming (in Game of Thrones voice)., Icing is the duct tape in the baker's tool box., “: I'm in desperate need of a professional massage.” same, not sure, but if you enable the experimental swipe feature, you can three finger swipe to see an expose-like overview of all tabs..., So.. The rumors r not true. I do not have a 2nd kid on the way. Never did..haha.the crazy ass ex baby momma told me that to try and keep me, Do you have a business email or personal that you could DM us? Thanks!, I submit that Tom Waits's character in Mystery Men was basically the same situation... - DvL, What i need from you is UNDERSTANDING ., I've lost all faith. Fuck you #Spartans and, must be nice., I will, thank you., TONIGHT: Pineapple Jacks. New tunes and classics. 485 Spencerport Rd in Gates. Bring your west side gumar! www.digglersbridge.com, Louis CK. On Daily show now. Brilliant., Thanks for the #FFs! You guys rock!, Listening in on Orion's discussion with Maria Melendez, Christian Wiman and Pattiann Rogers, Thats The Thing I LOVE The Rain <3 I Love That Rainy Type Of Weather. In Florida Its So Hot and Junk. I Hope To Move Someday, Erick says HEY! :D, every mom think their bad &$^#%^ child is innocent, sweet and precious? But, 7 million connected to prison system in 2010, says different?, they were all disabled as we typically do for most of her stories., Morning, Twitter. How goeth your Monday. The sane me says fine. The insane me sez, everyday's Monday to me..., Very important point RT : How do we challenge the idea that there can only be one person in charge?, “: Like you, I enjoyed that Clippers' win!!!! Bring on the Spurs! Haters need not count the out.”, #GoPack!! We need another win today. :), Haha, we both like house rabbits!, best matches on the PPV last night were Morrison vs Sheamus and the 4way for the world heavyweight title !! Great job WWE, haha your welcome(:, I love when bitches text back right awayy, wishing you a great weekend, i love outlook 2010 quick steps, i love them so much i want to export them so that i don't have to recreate them ever again, anybody?, Talkers. Heavy breathers. Sneezes like natural disasters., #BecauseOfAustinMahone I"ve learned to chase my dreams and never give up on anything!!<3, Too many things to choose. Text me before you come and we'll send you some of my fave's! Kobe sliders and tuna poke r up there, Rather proud that my gmail password lasted 5 years before getting hacked., Unwanted freshwater fish? I have space to adopt. Message me for more information. Abq area only., We like riding #bikes in #PDX too! Exercise injuries can be #prevented through #chiropractic care. Come visit us in the #NW!, I feel pretty worthless., now he's just Joe...smh, didn't know pargo was still alive let alone playing on the, I miss yo ass!;/, Just keep chippin' away at her and one day, well you just never know!, Talkin' about social networks and our generation, Welcome. Digital Media Rocks! RT : Welcome Dallas Miller who joins the #Bills staff in our Digital Media dept., When the Japanese mend broken objects they aggrandize the damage by filling the cracks with gold, because they believe that when, Cool. I can definitely help you out. DM me what you're looking for (BR/BA, etc.) and your contact info. I'll get on it., way to put yourself on blast, Hotel 23 coming soon, you really got it! The commercial was shot at the studio above my workplace, but who are we kidding, no one votes in Baltimore!, Or whoever... U got any Dough? U gonna be around town?, And she's right back to texting. Such is the magic of the kiss cam., RT if you're a girl who can appreciate Jazz Music. Guess what? I love you if you do <3 Lol, I don't know if anyone really knows how to qualify or rate teachers…except other teachers., BWI security sucks ass and the airport is full of assholes this am., What a day, just got home from the carnival. My son's friend got sick on the octopus. It was all over both of them., A trip to Ikea yielded many awesome fabrics...what to make!?!, have you seen any real estate over the summer?, Let's hope so!, Who's in charge with keeping count on how many Tebow vs Goliath references will be mentioned this week... I vote for Colin, tell them like it is axman, It's been a long road back to health and fitness for me, um me? im with you! haha, lol respect bro, #VegasSpringSocial sounds like so much fun! Will def be there :), Great meeting you today Leah! Let's falafel again soon. :), me too! The awake part. In SFO. Dreading fluorescent lights. Feel better Ruby!, Telangiectasias can at times develop as part of systemic illness. Patients with chronic liver diseaseSpider Angiomas .keloidsurvey.com, Wow finally after the 4th day in to my #changemybodymission I'm getting a hang of it :), Training of Federal HR workforce is going to be a focus for OPM through HR University, Would be #honored for a follow; please let us know if we can send a press kit with #music to your hotel for play., Symantec Adds 4 Tools To Mobility Management Suite, He hurt me & ill never forgive him 4 that. I cant believe he can do that after all weve ben through. Well hes lost me,now im gone for good.., Very well said. Had to retweet that one!, We are forever researching better techniques and products that provide quality results for a lower cost to our customer., RT : I want that old thang back, He's always mad at me. I. Don't. Give. A. Fuck. Though. I do what I want., RT if you suffer from reptile dysfunction., we met at SB XLVI - rule #1 don't waste your time on Twitter w/ pricks who can't get followers even if they bought them, as a rangers fan never thought he was a #1 like he thought he was. #2, yes but not a #1. He also tweeted napolis phone # out, Ugh, I want those freaking Jeffrey Campbell Nokea's!!!!!!!!!!!!, Just let her talk shit all she wants. Theres no way she'll get between you&hunter. It makes her look stupid., Very true. RT : Issue is: some tech - though very cool - was created BEFORE society decided it needed it., WHOA! Rumor is Paul and Lamar to NOLA in exchange for CP3!!!, “: should play he is all I pictured when reading” lots say that :), : yes--and changing story so white folks save the day. (As always in any Hwood movie about race), what you doin, Oregon State goes down in flames. My son has some explaining to do., ' I'm too lazy rite now , got up to early!!, Back on the Twitter Train toot toot! Miss you lovely lady!, “: “: I shall be there Friday night for some late show at 10!” sweet!”, OMG is B little liar!?!?, 19 books during a book-buying freeze... *nodding head* yes, I am impressed!, The weather might by gloomy, but we have something that'll cheer you up! Dark & Stormy: Gosling's black rum, ginger beer. Bring the sun out!, no NYC trip in there?, troy bold dog over bold, yea sir!, funny how our plans/time frame dont always match up with His isnt it? Hes got it under control sir, you just keep on keepin on!, MT Are the Nuggets skimping on per diem? CBrewer hitting up the press room tacos pregame...<Maybe they dont have good tacos in Den?, Air Force did as well RT Not often a school fires a head coach to hire his assistant, I wanna a IPOD or a Ipad, Just finished the new St. Ignatius College Prep Choirs Face book page. Become a member and get up to date information about SI choirs!, Getting lots of divided opinions., : thank you, Next round! Which "Sir" with a passion for racing drove a 300 SLR #722 to one of his most well-known victories at the Mille Miglia?, I need a good DJ for July 7th, for a wedding. DM prices. It's urgent., Why are people turning on Bobby?? He didn't kill her! DAMN PEOPLE!, RT : Good morning #Bartab fans!! Who's ready for this #Monday? Yeah me neither lol, follow me??(:, Just tapped, Vortex IPA (replaces Torpedo Extra IPA), that's why i'm here, #cookingtip Add finely ground instant potatoes to purees as a thickener. You can also pulse regular potato flakes in your food processor, try now :), LMAO. for real. maybe if they weren't so miserable they'd have a valentine. just sayin., Welcome! & tomorrow night., Don't give away the same promotional product everybody else does. Be unique. You want to be remembered, right?, Dropped off my 7th grader in a room full of 11th graders to take the #ACT. He's understandably nervous but well-prepared. Go Ryan!, “Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind.”, Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Loaded Carrot Cake w/Cream Cheese Frosting on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803, So excited! An article about RachelsCBD just came out in the new January edition of Magazine. Check it out!, My Dixie Wrecked, Baking with J Clyde's head chef next week. Oatmeal breakfast porter coffee cake., : no one can fire up a crowd like Sen Franken, Damn that made me hungry, . -- What do you mean by "Kathleen needs to pronounce her 'g's" in your debate analysis?, Can't you see that you're smothering me, Holding too tightly, afraid to lose control., I hope is not asking 2 have a convo w/ on many occasions she said she wanted nothing 2 do w/her!, Read through the test before you start answering to make sure you understand everything., Stephanie, thanks for the great thoughts today in #ideachats, we are going to turn many of those ideas into reality!, sweetness RT : um, so is the best teacher. just sayin., Set it on the ground at the driving range. Can't golf for shit. Ended up missing the ball and completely obliterating my phone., Thank you! :), And one!!!, Idk y but when I use a giftcard (that I bought - #Coffeebean&TeaLeaf of course) when I use it, I don't feel like I'm spending my money. :-/, I love cold and nasty weather. It makes me want to grow a beard., no need for MM, I'll date him!!, my 90 yr old Grandmother just told me I look worn out. I Love her honesty! They say sleep brings you beauty and longevity, I'm so screwed!, it won't let me see it what is it?!, I'm all packed for the trip tomorrow. Going to see my Mosie Dog and prepare myself for her passing later in the week., My mom says I'm a catch., Spent last night at the MGM Grand at Foxwoods! Holla!, No, I have not heard about this. Do you have a link?, British accents go well with tea. American accents go well with 7eleven big gulp diet coke., watching phidnas and ferb and there tring to make a Grand enterence too bad isnt there (:, justin I am a big fan of you Please write me back, Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ We are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars., Lombardi once said, “If you can accept losing, you can't win.” That’s why my #Packers are undefeated! Keep it up,, The Salons and Barbershops, especially in the USA, will be beautifying women and men ensuring all tresses are picture perfect., Shocked is the only word I can think of to describe the news about Junior Seau., Daughter & I just bought one of those gigantic freeze pops from a gas station in the hood. This is a brain freeze waiting to happen., look at you look at me, Pardon our absence this weekend - there's this adorable blue train here and evidently he's pretty popular!, — Damn. That Muybridge "scroll to 'play'" transition is the jam. Nice work., Jesus, at least try to score!!, is gearing up to cry for two hours straight in My Sister's Keeper. ;), what's a getaway room? I think my company need one of those haha, I don't know why I even bother following links to anymore. Damn site takes forfreakingever to load. I still miss the text-only option., Is it just me or are public comments fun..., Train in Vain. Always. RT : What are your karaoke songs?, No wonder has so many financial issues. they can sell the appliance, they just can't get it to you. Refunds abound., Reader: You're doing it wrong. Me: No, you are. Or at least, that's what I hear in my head., spending on war, yes, but they are certainly not pro-spending on Social Sec. gen Welfare, education, employment bens etc, Team Big Lou., Sam don't even watch basketball but tryna participate, about this art of ..I want in..I must have some for The Pansophy Project..how do I collect this art of yours?, did you get off of twitter??? Lol *Bretana*, Happy Birthday !!, Ok, then. Sunday I'll wait for your tweet <3 Xoxo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>, It's #YPWeek - Milwaukee! Gathered some new insights on FB, Twitter and Pinterest, Ur company is who u are, thats why I walk alone, Im done with april fools.... rlly a HERO?!? i guess u guys nvr met a firefighter or doctors or any1 who risk there lives for us evryday!!, congrats on your book! :), Was a life-changing year, I'm not gonna lie. Couple of interesting surprises at the end., Original. Artsy. Efficient. How does the remake compare?? “: The original or the remake? What did you think?", I was just so humiliated and I don't think my kids were acting anything over what a normal kid acts like, maybe just cause I know them, Are you a CS major with a passion for #opendata? Socrata has opened another summer software engineering internship., thank YOU! I downloaded it and am looking forward to reading it!, not fine dining, great beer, hole in the wall places are good, creative for breakfast is good, one dinner spot gastropub?, To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it., im bored so im probably gonna do some sick ass makeup, -Baird Community Involved Player of the Year: A.J. Hawk (Green Bay Packers); for his work with local charities., Be careful how you treat people while you're on top! You just might pass them on your way back down..., It hasn't been a good weekend when I'm grocery shopping at 7:00 Sunday night., Rob Michaels Live on iBand.me!, Yeah! RT : Reminder: Tmr 9pm EST we're having a #GSMC (Global Social Media Chat) chat about content generation & a review of G+., will taste gyro and victory tonight. #sounders oh twelve., I was afraid to travel by airplane; noy i think #damn it feel like the games in Six Flage! LOL :), how did you get your twitter pic?, we're stopping to smell the Lantana. Happy day., Think Im Finna Go To Sleep, Got A Sub Lbs, Post practice meal at chipolte, new version original?, The Reagan answer was correct. "A rising tide lifts all boats." Govt must sprt private business then get out of the way., Thanks for the RT, sir!, Nasal polyps are growths that occur in the nasal passages or #sinuses. They develop from chronic inflammation., oh you know it! Keep the crazy in the race as long as possible. Go team frothy!, So sick of the radio and the same like 4 CDs, #getmeoutofthiscar! On the upside I get to hold 's hand for a real long time:), Answer to previous tweet: JAMES FRANCO!!!!, haha I have one!, #ImSickOf people making fun Justin Bieber and One Direction, Taking a long time to import my archive pics into Devonthink. I really think (& hope) it will be worth it!, If you love somebody, let them go. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were., Fenway. Been to Wrigley and it's justifiably full of bitter fans. RT Which ballpark would you most want to visit, Wrigley or Fenway?, And they contacted you to see if you would be interested? You should go through the interview for laughs., Are we ever?, being called babe >>, Thanks! Much appreciated. :-), Lauren must know it all: She's a Cal graduate!, Will TD Ameritrade new stadium in Omaha grow College Baseball or stagnate it?, call me now.. phone issues, A looongg night of homework whoop whoop!, Some Pynchonesque ninja techniques: "the Hidden Foot," "the Vibrating Palm," and the "Nosepicking of Death" ... #totalassaultontheculture!, I open up wayy to easily..., Andrew Bynum deserves to be criticized for the rest of his life. 7 feet and missing dunks., As well you ought to be! Mazel tov!, Question 4: If you have a family member that you can't stand, are you still obligated to spend time with them just cus they are family?, and how do they do that?, He really doesn't know how much he means to just me. Ehh.):, Being literate over Hungarian coffee must be a good idea., FB and Twitter fans, check our coupon tab for your discount. Follow us on Twitter Thank you!, "She wears short shorts" No just no. School is to strict nowadays to let us wear short shorts, she said she has shorts she's going to wear. She can always just wear them under/over, Cool morning. :) <U+E326>, My boys are 9-0! What a great game. Time to get some beauty sleep!, is amazing that with just one click you can make me happy life :'), Wish I Could Go Hoop Right Now.., Congrats on being a SLA Rising Star!, We are Hiring! ANDROID Developers - apply at, am loving the original #Gladiator: Olivia Pope and the backstory of her motley crew in this ep, Pick to win the cup now Cyotes!! Mike Smith gonna take them to the Cup!!, COME ON, This is not a tweet about LeVar Burton, Man! I missed seeing A-Rod's 600th! Oh well, at least I get to watch the Hambletonian draw once Rich gets the video up!, yes I'm on IE and yes, I have javascript enabled., Life is painful, nasty and short... in my case it has only been agonizing and wicked., There's a story behind every pretty face, oh well hun im sure youll be fine., just pretend it's on the Wii - you rock at that., thanks for the follow :-), "right boot", Good luck in court today, ya filthy animal <3, Super Mentor Program Group Studio visit tonight with Dani Dodge!, Nope... I'm on the same page., No absolute #linsanity this time, but Rubio wilts like a delicate flower down the stretch and Novak nails the biggest shot., Yeah exactly! There just so perfect =), Did you remember to join the Facebook book chat last night?, Hahahahaha RT : The fact that my whole family knew what was going on and i was sleeping..., What is all the hype around pinterest? I am all about new toys and not sure how this works., Was sitting at church and my pandora radio station on my phone turned on full blast., How r you, friend?, “: Glad to be in the twitter world. Hello all! I'm following my husband's lead." Glad to see you here Betina!, I think every conference is a germ conference, Somewhere on earth Steven Curtis Chapman is weeping Hirschy and YOU are to blame!, Radio Personality of the Year - Barry G, kudos to whoever made that jerry brown paper mache head. it's an incredible likeness., I'm for breakfast with the artists. just walked in, It's even stranger when those who want war can't point Israel and Iran on the map., why not haha, Flashmob folks might like this, Sitting in a nice dry car > getting drenched walking to music class., 830AM. Perfect time for a cheeseburger. Gross, I don't understand you, finally a minute to myself!, I hold it that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical., Best. Bathrooms. Ever.... Seriously., Thanks for the #FF! Miss you all!, U SO UGLY, Does any use Skype anymore???, yeah, you replied to one of my comments on Elise's 'I Want It All' I don't think you knew it was me, Love it! RT ": RT : Rams entering contract talks w/atlantas les snead to make him teams new gm, which in turn is the ultimate goal of the NHL is to grow and promote the game of hockey correct?, I can't believe I like a rock band #Np 'Holding on to black metal' by My Morning Jacket., RT Big news! is celebrating his 1st night back in Boston Fridays w/, My dad could give us a historical lesson down the shore *facepalm*, they should eat at / Sweet Tomatoes. Great place for kids!!, Need six more #CILDC tweets to cross 5000. Well, 5 more now counting this one., Good luck! Remember to stretch every now and then, Are you always speaking what is on your mind?, About to blog about #casa2012 esp really terrific religion panel, can't wait to see you at #tasteofdc !!, #Bruins abnormally sloppy with the puck today. Showing signs of missing Nathan Horton and need to ramp it up., Thanks for a great #thatcampva; had to bow out a little early (parenting, grading, etc). But many ideas percolating..., Love is like a fruit you can not pick when it is not ready, #Rangers with a tough loss. So many missed opportunities, #1 just schooled the whole heat squad!, that's happened to me a couple times...it makes you feel like half a man not having the power of the kick., One week from today we'll be in Ocala stage diving with our friends. Where will you be? Ocala is the correct answer, Still doing these kinky twists :(, OH: Damnit.. now I want to bowl, We want to thank everyone who attended last night's Community Mixer & Luau. We are grateful for all the support and involvement!, And the Giants are alive and well again., I feel slow today., Reconnect with your God today- with your heart and your spirit- He is still there. :), Come on, come on, don't leave me like this. I thought I had you figured out., If my roommates won't come downstairs and reset the modem when it's on the fritz they shouldn't stream video when I'm watching StarCraft., <<< she's so adorable, " : I will announce #mahonetothewestcoast date in LA by Fri." THIS MADE MY LIFE OMGOMGOMG SOO EXCITED!, RT : conference... AudienceScience Interactive Advertising Panel w/ and packed house..., Oh ok! and I got you the condoms just in case lol, Feeling positively Parisian sitting at a sidewalk cafe. But I am getting really cold., Great times in Grants Pass. Headed back to Pdx with ringing ears. Thanks for all the love!, asteris RT from Iran websites close to Mousavi are warning people of pre-staged violence in today's rally, Follow Friday goes out to my local friends ,, Hello, doing a little bit better and I keep looking forward to GOD., Busy day today, lots to do tomorrow. Have a wonderful weekend everyone! Back again soon, until then be well!, : Under nearly 23 million Americans are struggling for work. RT if you agree he should be a one term president., oh papers - why do you keep coming?, Thanks for the Outsiders link, Your finances appear to be in a similar status to our own. We wish you glad tidings this season., #nameyourfavoriterapper Young Bravo, I don't say what I said to bash anyone's religion, but I think it helps explain something about their worldview that's important, Everybody is looking for something...sweet dreams are made of ________, I would cry and/or puke so I'm out! cc, Abracadabra originated from the ancient Aramaic language and means "I create as I speak." Today, I remind myself that my words are magical., Awesome! You should tell her to teach mi madre a thing or two! Haha., #LAthtr actors... come check out our website. register. stay connected. rate & review agencies/casting/photogs/restaurants, Had been using m.check.in to plug into multiple location-aware services, now it's gone. Luckily works better (now on Android), Oh u wanna man n u wont just let me fuck hold that thought as i become famous bet that'll change ur mind, "GIS: It's Out There", I f*&^&^#(*# LOVE referrals. Thank you very much!, Anyone have the #GalaxySIIftw? I want to get one so bad! I bet will run amazing on it!, Your doubts will go away once the checks come in. Get some sleep & dont forget your coffee tomorrow =], T Drew and Pau need to be more consistent. At times they are dominating so they need to do that in Game 2, Any tips on running #JBossAS7 on Fedora 16? JBOSS_HOME is set but getting ModuleNotFoundException. No probs getting it running on Windows 7., I made the connection =) Doing well! How are you? Has spring sprung in SacTown?, reading old messages.., Thanks for the follow, and for sponsoring NPR all these years., are you en route to SXSW in the minivan?, #Draping now there is a trend I can support! The body is relaxed but the mind is working overtime, Always here to help, especially if it involves poop or pee jokes., safe sledding tonight!, Check out new editions of A Core Collection for Young Adults and Defusing the Angry Patron to be published later this month: bit.ly/gKj9eO, Are you ok?, Happy birthday Ryan!(:, Just spent a few hours w/ Noah & some friends sending paint balls down range. Great time. I highly recommend Gorilla Paintball in FL., Leadership is not perfection., People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar, Ya'll are babies. I was in grad. school, about to take orals., How soon will wireless operators run out of capacity? SAN FRANCISCO--Will the nation's wireless operators run out of spectrum within the, I try to get to the driving range twice a week. I'll get at you., We're talking #MeatGlue - and you may have eaten it!, 5 exams down 2 to go!! tomorrow will mark the official end of high school for me :) thank god!!, Providing Legal Billing & Bookkeeping, Recruiting and Technology Solutions. www.firmsolutionsltd.com, Problems have solutions., If I decline your friend request more than once, you should take the hint., Some mornings just call for a little country music :), Keith Olbermann, host of msnbc's Countdown was suspended over making political contributions to candidates running for office., There you go, Tiger., I thought you were going to make a video of yourself opening all the mail you've received from your fans?, did you know that 70% of house-hold dust is comprised of epidermal tissue?, Barry Sanders RT Who was the player, game or moment that made you fall in love with the NFL?, u got a track wit an open verse i can murk out real quick??, need some bubble gum yum, "You are now a can of chili. kthxbai." (#dareproject chatter), I need your help, that's awesome you got a follow...maybe I can too, miss you here in Orlando!, I know it's been a week, but I'm a big fan of your flowcharts. They make copyright kind of fun., Hey, you better follow me sucka!!, Shower time <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>, I can't follow anyone. When is this twitter bug going to be fixed?!, Paradox (noun): A student picking up his AP Summer Reading and Writing Packet is nervous over the 10th Grade ECA he must take this week., We have #Karaoke from 10-2 tonight! If you sing a song you get a FREE SHOT! Happy Saturday #Madison!, #dexter season finale = mind blown., Just tuned into the Crew vs. Rapids #MLS conference semifinal match., Either that or just stop going to work in the mornings :), Yall needa go to bed fa i take my belt off!!, Nothing f*cks up your Friday more than realizing it's Wednesday., plz dnt get upset but n ur tweet, u said he was trending it?, I think I'll go with Scrooged. Then Christmas Vacation., least I won some money, You say that now, but who'll have the last laugh after I have my head cryogenically frozen?, I'll see if I can go :), that's... quite convincing actshually..., word son, Spaghetti squash!, Sorry for, Well, almost "do or die" time. Don't think I've ever been so nervous in my life!, A failure will be a stepping stone to success. <U+5931><U+6557><U+306F><U+6210><U+529F><U+306E><U+3082><U+3068>, #GoTribe Indians go hard #go tribe, Let me say im sorry Titus Torrence Morgan and explain later lol, ok I see, I send u a tweet and u going ignore it but u tweeting everyone else ok I'm remember that., “: My iPhone has an obsession with autocorrecting the word 'so' to 'do' ... Do annoying”, Laying in bed.. sleepy "(, blah mood., I like to think of it as a mw2 $60 expansion pack. Lol There just isn't anything truly new about it., Not even Alexander Skarsgard and Liam Neeson in a naval uniforms can counteract how awful "Battleship" looks., Did you update your lighting? Loving the new shots x, The sound tonight sounds like my old man's hearing aid feeding back! Or is it the Academy's?, Thank you, sir!, #luminariasa Fun! Great people & art. Only complaint is the less than artistic beer selection, Got it, but thank you. :), #FactsWithoutWikipedia Wikipedia does not need your donations., Awesome! Please follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>, Girl at work: "You act like you don't like me." Me: "Ah there's the problem.You see-that's not an act.", lmao I know x).. fine ill make her one and why don't I even add a massage relax her. And I know I do but she can make one for me, Ain't that the truth!, Being single is really getting old., I got it!, my REAL id got rejected at a corner store last night. girl gave me SASS too :0, most definitely! your welcome. xoxo., Double fact. RT : Fact. RT : The Kazoo is criminally underused, Love that Rainiers shirt! You may like our Seattle tees too, just sayin :), Sorry I didn't see any of you on Friday but boy did I learn a lot! long drive home too, makin my fruit loops like downright shabby, #MilkshakeCityDirectionersGoMOO SHUSH YEAH!! MO, Time to get some food in the ol belly... Got to say Manchuria Garden is the best Chinese Resturant in the Norcross area...., Follow us! And let us know when your in Austin ;), YOU CRAZY BASTERD, im decent wea u from, ur the cutest baby ever (': can't wait for u to grow up and see this!<3 (:, Music Hip Hop Rock Art Video Helping Artists of All Genres Free Mixtape Love, very pretty young lady..gosh I feel old such memories...., Can see the Citi lights from LGA. On the way over!, u know u got a "bad" phone company when u try 2 pay the bill online n the website tells u "sorry were experiencing technical difficulties"!, Getting ready for my art display at Harris Bank in Cary, Know a good one? It's National Presidential Joke day. Bet Jason Austel has a couple; he's got a million jokes stuck in his brain...ask him, Prolly my favorite song to play on the guitar. Makes me wanna grow., my parents are going to kill Brian., great seeing you on Tuesday!, haha please we all know the truth bout which state is better ha dude I'll have to make a road trip out there! Ha, Weeks can't snag the liner, and Hart was guarding the line, so Stubbs scores from first on what should've been a single., Man your kitchen up with empty #Beer bottles around the top of your cabinets. Just tell your wife their, hmm. I only want Analytics for twitter, don't want all networks to be consistent..., I stay.. You're unhappy. I leave... Still not happy., is a great example of someone who followed her dreams - knew she wanted to be on the news since she was a kid!, They will sit in Johnny Rockets and enjoy free soda., I'm done! Period Point Blank! Whoopin' ass over the summer!, I've been dreaming of sending you cowboy boots to glitter. Wish it were possible on my salary. But Christmas is coming..., Couldn’t say we blame you! RT: Think I'm addicted to Sunbelt's granola bars, j reads his stalkers private e-mail to him next on-air, Gorgeous day out!!!, Shoot Mallory went Out 4 times in. I let madi out twice., Henry Wallace~ The century which we are entering can be and must be the century of the common man., happy anniversary to my loving parents<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><U+2764>, Can u have an episode where someone throws a dirty diaper at Rick Santorum's head?, The cubs are in town....they play the crew at 7:10. Come show your support and enjoy $2 dogs and $3 cans of Louies and Damsel!, Thanks, Callie. We appreciate it., All praises due to the most high for allowing me and you another day!, #YouKnowYoureBroke you look forward to eating Ramen noodles for breakfast, lunch and Dinner, Hey Now!!!..have a great one *besos*, It is better to travel well than to arrive., No, he doesn't "Tweet-Face" (as he calls it)., Congrats to for his Grammy nominationfor best new artist! See you on NYE in Milwaukee, Monday morning meeting, thank God for coffee :-), Team Lion: Rrrraaww!, Shutting down the computer and then realizing you need it again.., I hope you have the time of your life., ...that's ME! I'm coming after you if I don't see you within the next 48 hours., suck on it bro, O so i did my speach today. pretty cool., my phones dead I'm using my friends ):, OMG!! Watching Ellen!!!!, “: lol I was being sarcastic lol” oh, I know. Don't worry, so that wasn't written with 100% sarcasm?, jamming that devin the dude - doobie ashtray..., Busy day Photo shoot in NYC today and meeting with NYC City Council., if all the cool kids are twittering, what is everyone else up to?, RT : We need bloggers & interns, if interested please contact, Yooooo hey stranger, I wish I was more responsible with my chapstick., Making It Through The Yellow Light >>>>, Thanks... I will!, Yessir RT : His slave name will always be Ron Artest, Ew don't say that., - or Vin Diesel., Cleveland in February... It don't git no betta, favorite coffee in nyc? (ours = ninth street espresso or balthazar bakery...close tie.), how about a free VIA after so many purchased for Gold card members! A 12 pack of via is as much as a pound of coffee! It adds up!, - wow, PB2 is AWESOME!, is still with GC group, lame, when using target="_blank" for <a>, #Safari opens a new window, whereas every other #browser opens a new tab, fix: cmd+click the link, OMG thanks for the follow :D, The Fingersmith, Moonwalking with Einstein, Room are all very different books I've read recently that are good too!, R.i.p Jacob Martin jake Spencer from general hosptail, man, imagine how good the spurs would be with luis scola..., Oh so you claim to have swag? I bet that'll look great on welfare applications, Awesome demos!, Oklahoma City Thunder. Formerly my and ' Seattle SuperSonics., Smoking doesn't make you a bad person, people should hop off., Just got my first ever berating for telling him to hurry up (whole table was) when he was 10 min in the tank on a 15bb nl jam, Uncharted 2 = awesome, A4: We see this movement creating a smaller cmmnty of forward-thinkers all striving for the same goal inside the larger cmmnty, The Locals, The grumpy old man referenced earlier is multiple braclet winner Brent Carter., I should know better to get off Twitter when I'm hungry. You people can't stop talking about good food!, where the hell have you been?!!!!!, Kids are talking about without knowing what the fuck is up. Fuck you., Wow it doesn't seem like it's been that long! She was amazing! So young it was such a tragedy! My respects.RIP, Set 'em straight, Kenny!, Failed my driving test. But the lady said i did really well! What the heck?! Re-take tomorrow.., Cohen shows wide range of pictures: oil enters images through surfacings, hands of man, containment, militarization, animals, Hi - I'd love a "what I've read' feature. I'd love to be able to reference it later., “: Such an embarrassing night for Miami.” Very! Props to the #Pacers great game for them, OMGZ! We're gonna be on WGN morning news on FRIDAY! Check us out along with other sketchfest acts from 7am-9am!!, Tomorrow im gonna start my new job i hope everithing goes well:), Good Morning! :), One drrawback to fabulous 80 degree days: my hair resembles a giant red Q-tip., Our mini bad beat hit 4 times yesterday !! $500 paid out when a full house loses !! See room for full details, Likes the awkward moment when everyone is singing in the car, stops, then sings again., Hey im a girl im 14yrs old and im weird and fun and my dream is to become famous and smart and live a happy life come, Was watching in Beloved ! That movie is creepy yet good <3, Thanks, I will! Enough cool new features to keep me happy for a while., ~Our lives improve only when we take chances, and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.--W. Anderson, My sister is doing a 3mile mud run, and there's an 90's cover band called Mystery Stain., Seat laid back heater on jacket over the chest set to go haha :), Im Ready to go to church now, Ha! I love that., A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken, The time comes again for us football fans not to mute the TV during commercials, Finally watching the highlights of the #redsox game on TV makes me sick all over again. So much to second-guess., Slept all day, but now im up eatting like a fat person, and igotta do my hair. Today should be fun, SO TRUE!, Tell me about it!, Definitely different times. But I'm always game to improve upon skills and step to challenges!, They did *last* year... ? You're asking for logic here, and that's not in play, I think., Derrick Rose is out till January best case scenario? That's a big blow to the, Hi ! Bye ! Good luck at !, twitterrific! :) thanks so much for doing that!! Did he seem mad at me?, Ah ok got chu, Ok Im On it Nowww !, finna kill this beat almost done wit it after recordin on this beat alot of thought into it, cataloging at job # 2 today and listening to "this book is overdue!", the breed is dying, slowly but gradually lol, hey Melinda just letting u know I had to suspend my phone on November 2 cause my phone bill was close to $600.00, I love cooking, do you? #cooking #hometownmeal Retweet this if you love cooking, I swear my appendix is on the left side of me, Well I'm out..nite nite, 22nd Ward Alderman Ricardo Munoz () will be addressing Latino Professional’s Networking Reception., WHY are they so stylish..is it cuz everything is MADE there first soo they have the first LOOK?????, \m/ thx for backing me up, Collins is a Packer HoF'er, right?, thanks for the visit to NPR - folks are inspired by what you all do, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>oh I'm moving definitely in the summer., yea we all goin up to Lawton, For Good will be on repeat all day today., You just got back from tequila in Mexico and you already want another drink?! Crazy girl. haha Hope it was a blast!, Miles and I would love that!, I'm so comfy. I don't want to get up., S/O to my neighbors that are ignoring that loud knock at their door! It sounds like the freaking police., Thank you! RT : Love, I prefer moes over either of your choices. I am opinionated too!, why bother having a shirt on your site that won't be shipped until April 2012?, Catching up on #books I should have already #read..."Silent Spring", "A Sand County Almanac", "The Nature Principle", anything to add?, Congrats to the team on their big win!!!, text me a picture of the bin, Haha that makes no sense?, Hmm my Twitter's so slow x/, im wit it bruh bruh lets get it, Say what you mean and mean what you say. Guys, when your wife asks you to take trash outside and you say "yes dear in 5 mins", and she has t, I will fall asleep and go flying off the tredmill, omg did u see the cats?!, how you Been?, "Confidence is the memory of success" Good luck today!!!, excuse me ''Hm'', Mistletoe is not an excuse for sexual assault., I hate straight hair. Too much work., Readig an interview with a musician is about as useful as listening to a visual artist lament mustaches., Thanks for the MT, RT - #SomewhereRightNow is New England Patriots Wide Reciever Chad Ochocinco is thinking "Should I tweet, or should I s..., Egyptian protesters declare Israel to be their model for successful Mideast democracy!, how old are ya? Ninnneettteeeennn tehehehhehee, We've been attacked by spiders tonight, seriously., Google the real player and some other apps on this chinkey HTC wildfire S do not work. Your Android is Shite., Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up., "And the 3 men I admired most; The Father, Son, & Holy Ghost caught the last train for the coast the day the music died.", Good afternoon everybody!!!, Looking for a healthy snack? Try Bobo's Oat Bars. All natural, no preservatives: delicious! (Everyone loves Bobo's), Only cool people own mythical creatures, True... Man if this was my world, we'd never have bills..., Do you offer pre-diabetes classes?, RT“: #Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt "Acquiring Peyton Manning is no longer an option for us." #PeytonWatch”, 2006 I knew I wanted own my own business, Again the whole 5 star restaurant...., goin to bed! night all you lovely shrooms!! xx, Supplements can mean all the difference in your dog or cat's health. A teaspoon of oil on their food can help eliminate shedding & itching, Domestic violence always happening late at night smh, Broncos are going to win this one I bet a stack on it ! Thank you tebow!, Love is like a butterfly; hold it too tight & it'll crush, hold it too loose & it'll fly., if you're following me... please follow it will mean a lot...thank you for your time, Good Luck Max Weinberg! Go Chicago!, I'll be glad when Suga Foot gets in so he can get in the bed. #missing my baby!!, First panel is music supervision via Sad I'm skipping 's master class but #Berklee work calls, “: whaat that rules! I was just watching Sopranos last night hahaha” <-- YEAH YEAH!!, I may have just come up with something really sharp for this rewrite. Or else really stupid. Trying it out on some folks., once imprisoned Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff doubts as to whether a bill to legalize online poker at the federal level will pass, very serious, i know! he's always doing stuff, he barely has time to ustream and talk to us like he used too ):, Crying hysterically because just acknowledged your existence in the world=, A time to plant, and a time to pluck up., Kuntry musik depresses me. Lol how y'all listen to that shit?, Oh, it's the most wonderful time of the month! RT Happy Gallery Hop!, Is fall really here? I don't want to believe it. Makes for a less Sweaty Ride and more deliveries though!, Yes! Exactly. These leggings are awesomely childish :), streaming video from Tucson and Florida much better than Carolina cup, Uninstalling Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007....taking over an hour....Why??, are you there? Still on the train., not sarcasm. No one is required to watch b-ball just cuz its a tournament. Star Wars isn't a bad option ever., Had the best shopping day today!! Got lots of great stuff., Stay tuned for the Christmas message via homily.., I love my family, .. and thank you #TeamLukeRadio for all your support .. #MuchLove to you ALL over there!!, It is official, my book Score Big: Winning More Business in Financial Services book (McGraw Hill) will be in stores on July 13th, having a heck of a game ben!, Platypus Diversity (tm) - "Action By Choice, Not By Necessity", I just realized that I have 666 tweets, so here's my 667th to uncurse my twitter, Out to dinner with , it's a celebratory supper <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, Sunny and warm Saturday. Bring a bagchair, bike & make a morning centered around the Market. Weekly entertainment & free parking garage, is less than a mile from today's pop up! What is your favorite Baltimore attraction?, I have your cookies from :), Starting a LAHEY chant every time blacks out., great. Tweets from my phone don't seem to make it sometimes., just booked a new film huge! And getting shredded for party in, Coming home from Philadelphia !, Bakersfield is leading RGV 76-68 with 2:33 left in the third period. Koch and Butch leading the Jam with 13 each, Immediately homeless: people would eat your house., Writing a presentation about prebiotics, probiotics, bacteria, and health. Thanks to the google., The notion of incremental change (in the library fuel) is a loosing proposition - Matt Poland, Hartford public library, nope I could eat a steak while watching for inc., no way! Wanna help me on it?? Haha, to some humans, Fruits don't cause gas...Save a fart take a shit, RT ": You aint gotta lie to me", You had asked what makes him qualified, so I answered with facts. Better Resume than Walker., New to the Chocolate Library! Vermont Nut Free Chocolate in bars and boxes. Come on down! 111 St. Marks Place btw 1st & A, It was good to see you! :) RT : Great meeting at this morning! Tons of kids enjoying the facility today!, And we gone have a, good good night., Looking forward to seeing y'all. Care to join, ?, It is always good to be back in California. Thanks to everyone who came out and saw us with this time around., Okay, already packing ;;) tomorrow goodbye surabaya :*., Viet Dinh is a member of the board also author of the Patriot Act for Bush and godfather to M's grandson. NWOmonsters, She is so gorgeous!, how is your day going???, I will be attending CIL 2011 #CIL11 to meet data-driven librarians. Let me know if you'd like to grab coffee., It's super obvious that if you put that you're edge in your bio more people will like you., ": Felt good out there again today. Im ready for the real thing now! #2012Season" great to hear, doing anything today to be outside! sun sun mr golden sun please continue to shine down on me!, Why am I tweeting about this? haha ah kbye, Tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it!, balls got big $ golf Tourny , thanks again Bro . You helped buy a leg for a kid !!!!!, « I wish i could have a saline IV at night to start me off hydrated in the morning. #waterbed», Awkward moment when you get to the #gym and one of your ear buds doesn't work. #gohome haha, Boy, you're 25 now. That feeling isn't going away anytime soon..., yeah they make me want to sleep earlier and watch bad movies. got another review that says For Nothing reads like a movie, how did you know that was my first name? Creepy., C is for cookie, and that's good enough for me., Thank you so very much to all the wonderful people that came out to Barley Island last night. I hope you enjoy the new, Sadly not going to #MW2012. Who else will be stalking the hash tag with me?, Good vibes sent. Back in Milwaukee. Good luck!, only 8 more days until school is out..know what that means? 8 days until I get to watch you do your thing! On, I have the biggest lesbian crush on Miley Cyrus. I'm obsessed with her. She's perfect., Birthday Girl (in which I play the lead role Katie) - is a CINE Winner of the Golden Eagle Award 2011., Happy Game of Thrones Day! Kill em ALL Starks!!!!, New Zealand Film Festival, Want some Boston cream pie to celebrate the series?, We need your data! Take a photo of your badge today so we can visualize attendees expertise/experience this year, Sounds good. Thanks for the input! If we do set up an account, we'll let you know., You actually got me for a second, Sounds good Steve..., oh... Mask is my personal fave. *G* thank you!, Blasting Taylor Swift's cd on my way to work. Getting some weird looks... Who can resist singing along to Taylor Swift?, Honey I'm Home ;), Just Ordered Iphone Case!!! :D Cant Wait!!!!, I want a nandos to you little shit!, At the wine and seafood festival and learning so much! I love this!, i try to keep it cool up in here :x, Speak Easy Open Mic starting soon at a new time--8:00pm! Get there early to sign up!, I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away., Excited to see my new area and how it bussels with peeps and business enjoying husbands time together as a real married couple...peaceful, sorry to hear that, did you atleast get anything for Valentines day?, I did not know! But now that I do, I guess I can say that I'm reading Soul Music, by Terry Pratchett to celebrate., listening to call me maybe because my best friend loves this song, #Obama Water pail getting heavy for He's starting to show the strain., dude I totally conozco what you're saying. It's muy not bueno, bromano, Make sure you check out my #NCAATourney Breakdown at majorleaguesportstalk.con, three more effin days!!, you doing austream tonight?, is still signed in to Twitter on my computer... so I'm taking over!!!! Wheeeee!!! (Hearts, ), Oh, wow! Have a fantastic time!, I teabagged ur drumset": WHY ARE YOU SO SWEATY? I WAS WATCHING COPS. YOU TOUCHED MY DRUMSET BECAUSE COPS DOESN'T START TIL 4.", ": you get mad when i conversate w/other niggas but you calling otha hoes baby !! #AwwwwOk"..Damn who doing it like det?<U+00BF>?, Because Ben didn't look enough like a homeless person he had to go and grow a beard ?!??? Wtf, Have a taste for Pizza!!!, Stop having your faggot friends tweet me., Reasons to love my roommate: random obscure quotes from Fifth Element: "Aziz, light!", But I live tweeted my party so you could feel like you were there!, We no longer think ur an idiot Taylor! UTSA has ur paid support, so we'll take it!, Shooting tomorrow for the next two weeks. We'll keep you posted on Twitter and as much as we can on our production blog. WOO HOO!, I saw the scary movie, "Saw IV". Omfg, it's soo scary D: ., Why does he need 50 beautiful ladies???, Excited to be at the Womens leadership series. Learning bout the "Changing world of media", RT : She was so proud of her first egg in the coop she wouldn't stop cackling lol — I miss having chickens!, explains things RT he could not play any longer this season with out getting the condition corrected by surgery, Please can we all! : Remember when the world had manners? Me neither... Can we bring some back? Please:) and thank you:), sounds prefect <3, About to try 's beer-in-the-shower technique in this hotel room to cap off the night. Updates to follow., Damn started with a few of my friends on twitter. Now it's the whole damn squad!!, THIS SONG IS SO AMAZING I LOVE IT! RELEASE THIS ON ITUNES ALREADY AUSTIN!, At the end of the assembly today, one of my students w/ ASD told the speaker that he liked the show and "bye". Yay social skills!, why am i awake.., Thank you, #thanksgiving , for making me feel bloated, because I really just needed that extra boost of confidence. ._., One more day til I have finished this damn training and am a certified lead estimator... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> cha Ching, well I appreciate it, We need to harness the power of automated DMs. I think they could light up a Dunkin' Donuts. Or a DD bathroom., BNI breakfast time., Brain Floss: 5,000 years ago people believed worms caused tooth decay., My yogurt has a warning on it "protect wildlife crush cup before disposal". i prefer "dont eat yogurt in the fucking woods"., Thanks, Marilyn! You, too! Sad that it's winter again? Kind of. How about lunch this summer when school's out?, Me too. I'll be at plenty more., Got alot done today, Still working on price list for show. Merchant machine is on it's way! Almost ready for Art and The Vineyard Eugene OR, Ok made up my mind bout to get up and and do what I do best get dressed and look FLY AF like I always do aha, go get my check so get at me, Yep it'll be great on that aspect. I'll just have to invent excuses to come out your way now., Some people come in ur life as blessings, and others come in ur life as lessons. As hard as it can be, I'm thankful 4 them all., I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one., : thanks! are you feeling better?? I'll even throw in a #GoSox :), Thanks for being you, you!, Today was a long day ! ready for the summer ( :, instructional designing :), I HATE Dom being the 18 over Soony. Absolutely hate it., Keep to yourself to many false tongues be speaking lies of you., AH, UFC. I FORGOT., I don't believe it! what's happened about the 4C? or is this a temporary aberration?, <---- is absolutely loving round 2 of the playoffs this year. All the teams are going to have to work for it...every single game., White women i meet over the age of 35 get grouped into one name, lisa. I forget their names and all are called lisa. Jk, decided last minute not to go. Good luck. I'll most likely be there or the stone for the main event on Saturday. Can't decide yet, I think so too. Good luck gathering sources!, It's a sign! RT I saw a robin this morning... this must mean that Air Force is about to join the Big East !!!, Between the optimist and the pessimist, the difference is droll. The optimist sees the doughnut; the pessimist the hole! Oscar Wilde, Ha! Hypothetically, I've a whitelist <g>...which *you've* been on forever <laughing and laughing> Signal to noise does get complex, Ok the Gruner Veltliner pretty good with no food, ok we forgot to eat, sorry, will try again with food., Thank you! Hey, I read somewhere that becoming a naturalized Midwesterner is approx. an 8 yr process. Gettin closer every day!, No more camouflage I wanna be exposed but not afraid to fall, LOL. ": Talking the finer points of Thor, or maybe the debt ceiling, or maybe thor's take on the debt ceiling.......", Nothing ever really goes according to plan, thnx for the support & patience. #OneforOne will be making it's debut soon..., Who won the fight?, Halftime. Red Raiders 37 Blue Demons 36., totally. gotta break the spell, tho this one may not do it, tbd, Hey! My name is Claudia and you should follow me for twitter fights once a week!(;, Thanks so much for sharing! We'll see you tonight : ), Plans tonight? R U a founder for a tech startup in SD? Join us bit.ly/us6WqC & crowdsource, woot woot I'm in then!!, How do your parents keep them separate and happy? Brink gets upset if he's separate from us,, Hi Dianne :) i hope to see you guys soon :), Thanks , , , and for sharing your Holocaust Memorial Day plans., Really liked your link on css learned a few things!, Congrats on third place for best restaurant food coverage from the AFJ., Happy 420 to :), #PackerNation is counting on that. #SLTP bring home that trophy!, of course you did ;), Such a cutie!, WHEN IS ARETHA fRANKINS rEVIVAL IN dETROIT, On my way to the horse track., Nice - besides Hollywood Center Studios, you must be the first in the Biz to migrate to burgeoning dtLA, thanks! PHEW! That was a real nail biter. I'm so pleased with how many backers came to support!, New TOD should be an asset, not a liability in a neighborhood. People want access to opportunities. Infill can bring more "community Flavor", In addition to our Chocolate Dipped Strawberry, we have a NEW TUESDAY FLAVOR! Come try out our Chocolate Banana cupcake!, Just was asked by a man in gelman if I'm married.... He was confused because I was wearing "so many rings"..., I will never get to old for spongebob!!, Spice girls & woodchucks. Hello., I hate you can only follow 2k until they followback i have 1,877 followers wtf, Officially locking down on Dark Knight spoilers from here on. What about you fine folks? -Michael, Or just Cabin In The Woods is fine. :), when you're checking yourself out in the window of a car, only to realize someone is inside. :l, totally agree...love how he was 2nd best for 3 months and in 3 days some want him in round 2..., shout out to my ceramics class?!, good luck lady!, Didnt your mother every teach you not to stare???, cool. Shoot me an email, she said she doesn't want to wait & she doesn't want to use a condom she wants to have your babies, thanks mark you're the man too, Happy Opening!, Thanks for the mention, guys!, Lmao ratchet girl anthem, #NYG edge blocker went with the outside rusher. Big mistake!, HA! Good move!, Congrats! I'm proud to say that my wife is a Dirty Girl., Congrats! You guys do GREAT work! :-), Um not quite., Wish you hadn't said that. I was trying to convince myself to go to bed., I try to make it a rule not to leave the house when it's under 25. I'm not an Eskimo!, Just saw outside her bus... SO COOL!, Missed the Grammys last night? Check out grammy coverage. Very entertaining/informative!, Number of pounds the Marilyn sculpture weighs? 40,000., I gotta say that whole death joke shit is ridiculous., Thanks! Would love to add that follow feature to list pages but working out how to not slowing down load time of site., well look who's following me...can it really be true. We should celebrate :), All good Brad. How are you? Glad to reconnect!!, Confession #3 I have really bad trust issues. am i crazy? no i just show no mercy when my suspicions are high!, Thanks glad you like them., tonight or tomorrow ?, watching giuliana and bill and all this cancer talk is hitting so close to home., I love wrapping Christmas presents :), Already looking forward to the weekend with, ": "I'm feelin disrespected, if everybody's fuckin dimes who got all these ugly bitches pregnant?" -Saigon" #Classic Saigon, I need to start tweeting more! Ugh as if I don't have enough distractions in my life!!, Vagina joke are not funny. Period, Thanks for the RT, David! I appreciate the support. Be well, Ryan Singleton., #bored? Go to www.instereopress.com., Not happy about being up at 6:45 am on 1) a Saturday and 2) st patricks day to move. Sigh., Listen to mustn'ts, child, listen to the don't. listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the wont's.listen to the Never Haves..., The first rule of Twitterberry is you don't talk about Twitterberry., Its funny to see celebrities get pissed at regular people when they are saying stuff about them, Great article - thanks for the mention!, I've been such an asshole to most women in my life but I changed my ways a couple weeks ago trying to do the right thing, 40 days of school left. 36 days of GSA. 42 days till graduation. And 8 days till prom., Who else's facebook just got changed into Timeline this week??, will never follow me ! But you gotta #NeversayNever && #Believe :), what am I chopped liver?!, Someone needs to write about ethanol for this blog carnival., Selena Gomez - A Year Without Rain., got a opening day bucco ticket with your name on it, #JustinOwnsTwitter no duh! :), awesome!! They won that game the day before my 21st birthday SO you know I was one happy girl!!! Lol ;), And have a great weekend folks - enjoy the sunshine!, I'm not even going to ask what that might smell like when it goes bad., To want to forget something is to think of it, It's snowing in April and I have a game today, 7 more days. Just 7 more days., *it didn't happen, not its didn't happen...my phone hates me.):, OMFG I WAS LOOKING AT YOUR PICTURES (not like stalkering or anything) BUT IS THAT YOU IN LIKE THE RED DRESS???, Thank you Katie, I will as soon as I am able..Todd, Woohooo! is up and ROCKIN it at, Plz help! I need info in how to deal with defiant behavior in an #adhd 11yo child., Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom. The first is being a bore. ~ Sir Cecil Beaton, you left early! that's why I missed you...i saw you at lunch and then got sidetracked!! boo!!, I don't hold grudges, -I gotta work tomorrow nshit... Some days work be fun bt others it be tragic... Like tomorrow , I can feel the weakness awready.. Lol., School is gonna be ass with my boys not being here don't know what ima do next yeaar...., I fucks with One Direction, interesting letter. 2 bad has to b this way but I agree with 90% of it. At least Axl still has integrity I feel., wales? say hi to that prince dude 4 me! :), Rosedale is a tough ticket - HIT it early : Cup 2 of coffee for abnormally early workout. At least its bright out., Mon morning calling appt line 4cough. Ms Smith u don't need 2 get undressed for colds, My vote is for garagesse., Let's go to the New Mexico State Fair, that's not gonna be awkward, Good morning to you!, hope you guys are having a safe trip, let me know when you get back...love ya, Complimentary upgrade to first-class with your Sandals #honeymoon or #destinationwedding to Jamaica, Antigua, Saint Lucia, or the Bahamas., Cause i can't take it when i'm gone, gone, gone, gone, gone., The #Vikings are worse than I thought. And I love it!!, 10 new remixes coming out soon - thx 4 all the support on youtube and the show!, have a great wk. A fan for sure., Needs to storm!, True true, #x24 Mexico. Practiced in early Feb. 4 major quake & collaboration---helped w US-Mexico response in major way. Fruit of x24 Mexico 4 all, meek mill is nasty, and ya im so happy that you told me wat to do to stop me from sending ppl spam and thanks again :), thanks for following us!, #FF your mother., Because of the snow in Dallas Aaron Rodgers will be practicing so close to me. Will have to go see!, I ripped open my back..., Kenny/Tim Mothers Days giveaway pack just loaded!, Dream big., Guess opinion don't matter anymore in this society. Keep your trap shut if you want to live., WIN!!! That's my favorite show right now, ": Dear girls, When a boy pauses his video game to text you, marry him. #ihatevideogames #butitmeansalot", Lmfao, hello! And there is no way all of these subtweets are directed towards me. Just most., I love the bumper sticker, "who saved who" written inside a paw print... Continued next tweet, My family are a bunch of assholes..., Lmaooo RT : It's so funny to see black Irish guys playing against the clippers, Life is what you make out of it. sometimes you have to take the good with the bad, but the total outcome is on you,, tune out the gore and grue vs. watching a film that simulates death. She's also told me some insane stories as well., The Free Source of Job Posts for Veterans. www.PurplePlacement.com Employers post jobs for veterans for free. Veterans search jobs free., a teacher, I would charge at least $20-$25 an hour., And I'll be here by the ocean just waiting for proof that there's sunsets and silhouette dreams., A great leader’s courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position., ...umm what'd it say?, nothing is free....make money or DIE, My pleasure!, S/o beats go hard bro. This try again goin to the booth wit me., people need to stop bitching about the facebook timeline...its the same shiz., damn you, sweet baby jesus, Bob Ament who lost a primary in Irondequoit says the school has a heroin problem. He says "don't toy with me on this issue." Hm...222-6000, Seasonal Affective Disorder is seeming less and less like a phony white-person syndrome., Yes please! Can we hear your lessons learned?, Support this man. #irregardless MT : I'm within sniffing distance of 700 minions, I mean "followers." Let's hit the 700Club., will be perfecting #ChickenMushroomRice this week!! Let me know if you want to place an order!!, Love that game., Don't Miss An All New Episode of The Ultimate Fighter Live Tonight on FX, Jason, I randomly met in San Francisco a few years ago. At a bar. Small world we live in., I don't even feel like tweeting. I really just wanna tweet watch & rt. True story.., First in war, first in peace and first in the NL east. Nats., Some people need to realize what they have in front of them, before they lose it all., I just now realized why I had such a hard time getting to sleep last night. That decaf tea I had after dinner wasn't actually decaf..., We Are So Blessed, sorta! I think she looks more like you though., #aawlc honestly, most of these questions were subjective., Why is it okay for India to launch a new missile but not N Korea? Stop with the double standards people., Consolidating student loans on a Friday night. Girl knows how to PARTY!, you trying to win the Spear It run? Good luck!, byee I guess?, Sols are done, senior posters are up. So, can it be summer now or...? #sodonewithjunioryear #senior13?, Maybe next week. :) RT : leanin on you for fantasy picks now bud, RT 40mm social security numbers associated with >1 person #ID360Conference > cautionary tale for NSTIC assumptions, hahah my sister and I were just talking about you, I woke up today and said fuck first period., Mosley should just retire after this. But i think his wife left him. And took half. So, u know what that means, wanna ask ur cousin if I could take his evo to prom? =), Oops. Forgot you were 20 now. Whatevs., What #tedxhuntsville and #TED help me with is not just to think, or think differently, but to think for myself, what should our enterance muisc be team rated rko, Still love your ex? Does your ex still loves you?, Go see #theAvengers you won't be sorry. Joss Whedon is My Master Now.., Fuck love? No. Fuck the person who made you think like that., Just working, that's all I do forreal wbu?, You should be glad. Eeesh!, Last day of old menu Get it before its gone! Happy Hr 4-6 $2 off bar & apps. Wine Wed 6-10 $6 glasses & 25% of bottles, The return of Wendy & Ryan spinnin' Records @ Circle A! TONIGHT- FREE! @ Circle A- 932 E. Chambers St., License plate spotting: "Guns don't kill people...people with mustaches kill people", If you not single don't tell people you are, Coming in 2nd place Silver is Eric's Double Czec Imperial Pils & in 3rd with the Bronze Medal is Mike's Cool Breeze Extra Pale. Great job!, : I'm trying to do the KP clone thing!! Let me know how I'm doing!, There are no rules when it comes to love; I just let love surprise me!, 54 yrs ago, today, I was born. 50 yrs ago, today, my family (my parents, sister, and I) moved to Harlow, Essex, where my brother was born., Holy Guacamole! In less than one hour, students will begin to build what could be the world's longest line of tacos., I've always wondered what a Krabby Patty tastes like ., K. Medicine time., Save the money FOR an Ipod!, Thx to the Chamber for today's debate and Ballantyne/Warren for tonight's. Happy 2 be THE voice supporting the Marriage Amend., The latest TrophyQuest episode615-329-0900 featuring Sal Gonzalez and Operation: Sound Off! airs tonight at 10pm eastern/9 central on The O, Too late to pretend, you know me better than i know myself, This year, for the Holidays, try to forgive someone., yikes!!! That's quite the pic!, ha I have a sore throat, headache and I'm super congested:((, hey how r u and ur dad, we need to get O lineman &our O could be set for yrs w young stars #Joe Cool, Breaking News: A sex tape has been released... Fingers crossed it's with his old pals Mr. T, or , or both!, my wife's birthday dinner is tomorrow since you're in Vegas you are more than welcome to come she loves you (me too)., Architectural Design isnt Architecture. Architectural Design is for retards., Im usually NOT this shy ?? :/, Sorry yogis - the #DonationBasedYoga class has been canceled for tonight - please disregard the previous tweet, Beautiful singing and remembrance of Dr. King today at American History...so very lucky to live in DC!, Business is business ! Don't forget !, Yeah, that one looks good! Adding to my to-read list, Wednesday guys. Woo. Half way there., Inconsolable after yesterday's loss. Rolling around in a bathtub filled with Yankees fans' ticket money isn't working like it usually does., no i just need someone on more, When there is no food in my house :'(, dress it up with a solid pair of tight jeans. Always classy., Kirk Cameron is in a firestorm re: his comments on homosexuality. His views represent his faith. Stand firm Kirk. Many agree & are praying!, I still haven't seen Mikey in the audience yet. ;(, #CNN: This is NOT breaking news: "Pope Benedict XVI has met with Cuba's former leader, Fidel Castro", Thank you for braving the wind and letting us feed you tonight! You made tonight awesome!, The Clinic On Holly...3rd Place Hybrid...Raskal OG, If I get deranked im gonna break mah controller...TJ would be proud, such a nice day, and im cleaning? damn, RT : Don't drop that beer! Do you know how much that costs?, Starbucks frappuccino happy hour. 50% off fraps. I just got an extra coffee caramel frap for $1.88., HELLO new followers!!, #FF ; Go rape the follow button she is chill AF., ur so dumb!! Dumb blonde! #blondesistersforlife :), I should take the day off tomorrow! I got some personal and vacation time to use!!!, wow my nba2k12 stopped working, Hold me again with all of your might, I'm gonna have to buy a big bucket, because I have a side loading HE washer., U make one mistake and now all the sudden ur a player...., Jesus Christ man, THanks for all your shoutouts!!!, "Facebook & Adobe relationship has grown over the years! " Facebook VP for Global Marketing Solutions, Sorry that sometimes my words quickly turn to blades..., Verizon Wireless expanded its 4G LTE network in 27 new markets Tuesday and another 44 by the end of the week. With the expansion, Verizon's…, i must be excited, i woke up this morning, hearing that song Carol King was famous for "Anticipation" .... 6 days till Christmas Yikkes!!, I'm sorry, that's pronounced HYOO-muss., Domain has been purchased. Now setting up SquareSpace. A few more hours, and the rest of this bottle of Liberty School, and we're official, From : No matter how much you try, you can’t stop people from sticking beans up their nose., RT : Reach out to #Julia! RT : Okay is just 18 followers away from 40K....., Could someone PLEASE mow inner circle of grass next to walking/biking path @ Lake Montebello? Abt 3 wks past due, lots of trash., We are open! #miami #hotel Stay 10 nights, get one free!!, you look more your age in, I need to stop being so up tight, you are right. Just crazy. It was part of my weekly schedule. Now I will fill it with anything but A&E programming., Yamaha win today! Also set fast lap in the Clone endurance race, I jus woke my daughter up.out her sleep shh its ok bby nite nite, The Billy Crystal-Sammy Davis always kills me, "@ your library" program at IFLA. Learn what Argentina, Taiwan and Barbados are doing to promote libraries. Rm 209, 16:00-18:00, great job last night Rey !!, I've found that growing to an extreme height was the #1 way to appear older. Try it!, Listining to talk at the charlotte chamber about social media branding. Very interesting., chillin no plans its been a long day, wait! When did you sign up? Congrats momma! Xo, Keys a car park illegally in a handicap spot., omg mine too<3, that's an oxymoron, right?, #museweb Thx for posting, Amber. I followed this project for quite awhile and participated in some discussions last year...foodie fun, ": Man, I've been eating nothing but fucking junk food these past few days! -______-" ...... slow down hun ...:-), Wade is going off on the Knicks tonight...where there is a Wade there is a way., RT Today will be a great day :-), The term meritocracy was not created until 1958. I wonder how much of human civilization can be explained by the youth of this concept., I'm addicted to that show! It really makes me wonder sometimes. I'd love to meet her as well :), Really?? You're not gonna play it?!?! Dumb!!!, Agree, Dwight is a once in a generation type of center. Elite PGs are more common., ONE MORE TO GET TO 3000... COME ON FAM U CAN DO IT... FOLLOW ME FOR GAIN... ;-0, Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 37, "WARREN WOLF" is climbing up the jazz charts. Get the record. W/ & Greg Hutchinson!!!, Surely this is going in the book?, Headed to Augsberg College for our game in the Best Buy Classic, Me too! About 2.5 years, I love it! You?, congrats! Prestigious victory. UCLA is proud of your defensive performance. OK i'm ready for the offseason now., Feel better while enjoying Ellen Lois! Glad you got your smile back:), RT : God is Good!!!! Thank u, Sad how chris brown set back his image tenfold by allowing his Rihanna anger rage to surface again. As a PR stunt it worked but bad kharma, too much work... not enough play... I am having to write songs in my head for the next week... sounds pretty cool up there though!, is getting a ton of reps from creditable people. They seem correct., Success lies directly underneath what makes you most uncomfortable, that dude crazy , and he was balling, omg!!! #shane and #randall became instant walkers and they were moving pretty fast... Wow the walkers are evolving..., Bless you, it may take courage to give up crutches in your industry/company, e.g. a certification that conflicts with your values, Sorry, No GPS devices but we can order just about anything..., On a Don Bluth/mouse animated movie kick, RT : #WFFConf12 I'm counting down the days to another exciting WFF leadership conference!, I'm sorry I miss u to boo, by "understand" do you mean stare at feeling a strange mixture of longing and happiness?, You know what kills me? Weapons., “: I got the Patriots winning the Super Bowl ! Still #TeamPackers tho !!” yeah pats got it, My daughter makes me happy and hopeful at the same time. :-), I don't know, what? Lol, My mom expects way too much out of me., Just got evicted from my cubicle without a 5 day notice, too lifted to care. All I need is a computer and my work., Braces off after 34.5 months. Finally!!, so far in softball my best hits have been: a grandslam, a homerun, and a tripple! ive been beasting! they moved me up to varsity! <3, I hope the Knicks beat them and hand the bobcats a 23 game losing streak for Jordan, When cleaning headstones with D2, start from the bottom. Seems backwards, but it's true!, What would you like to see us take part in coming up? Please, reply back!, Media for the Republicans!!!! Why?, Congratulations on the announcement of your child to you and your wife., kinda sad we use the term suicide with a 18/19 year old, aww thanks u jus made my morning, I love when my Bestfriend texts me something hilarious!, I can't watch the first Cars movie without getting choked up at the end. Curse you feeble emotions., Lovin what u doin my brotha. Definite respect. Came across u from ya cousin Nell... much talent in y'all fam. GOD bless - 100, Gah, my extra time to run to Starbucks turned into a fiasco, Make that 4-2 Rush with another Rapid City lamplighter just now, those dresses are HOT!, dude with the three off-leash german shepherds roaming in downtown parks is making cville feel more like mexico & easing the re-entry pains., Sounds great. I love to experiment when baking too. Suspect it has a lot to do with wanting an excuse for my abundant sampling, Cooking eggs at 10 o clock at night, Drinking my first Rockstar after a two year hiatus. Caffeine overdose is an intense euphoria., im never on anymore :(, well u gotta come by the crib wen u make it in town so u can see yo godson, ill be there all day tomorrow..., can i hear that "Pauly D" by drink away the pain!!, we have a problem lol?, I always want more...., Cool. Not on tumblr yet. You can get the print from us or Society6 (bigger / heavier but more pricey)., “: Drew is here from Breckenridge! Stop out and try some fantastic beers from Colorado. 5pm to 7pm”, The Cavalier Daily: Cut and Paste Jobs, Anyone else having problems changing their dp.. Or is it just me?, cant wait for knock madness!, Turn on (CSpan3) right now to see the History Guys drinking history from a bottle. (burp), Waves make me go bonkers, Hey guys! Just to let you know, Hardcore News SEASON 2 will begin SOON!, Everything is groovy. <U+270C>, 1000 / 1000 for Prototype 2, just in time to bring on Max Payne 3., make me!, at kumas corner. so stoked for the burger, Hey! Request. Just wonder do you have a facebook?, giving away free advice is time-costly!, Good feeling about tonight., Hope you have a great day today.We have a new bundle of joy in our lives so everyday is 2x as special since we already had one, i'm thinking about cooking some cheese sticks. :D, Unfortunately we live in a time where what was once considered abnormal has become the "new" normal, Right now? Wanna?, Chuck e Blair <3, Yes this is a writing center, Oh you think your life is hard? Go to Uganda for one day, I sprayed #SOMEDAY on my brother and he admitted he liked it (;, I'm actually planning when I got my vacation away from my parents on a summer break to try railfanning that long, <---Nerd/Hippie and proud., I gotta step my tweet game up, About to see "Dark Shadows", So u my counselor 2nite lol, You've got til midnight tonight to files your taxes!!, ugh. I have to get up for a final in less than four hours. -__-, Nobody knows the real me cuz I don't know myself ., Business Contact:, just checking in my man where you all going this weekend, Coming soon from Ft. n "With You" video shoot. Just got word early June, RT : you were incredible tonight! Best show of my life!!!, I think quitting my job & hanging out longer tonight was the best option, ! :( I'll see you soon in Nashville & make up for it!, Telling everything to Julia makes everything better:), 10 a unit of the Natl Guard in Boone is coming home tmr, we're talking w/ a wife/daughter about the emotional reunion, : I miss you., lol i cant believe i finally have a chance to meet my dream XD !! LOl can you plxzz follow mee :(, I already deleted it !, omfggggg no you don't !!!, thanks for the follow dude!!, I fully support this! We need a A.C. Slater vs. Val Venis Rematch!, Bestfriends has 11 letters, but so does Backstabber., Market research Monday: Education technology for 9th to 13th grade classrooms., Area around El Cajon blvd and 70th has the highest percentage of guys walking small dogs I have noticed. What up with that?, Yes. Sometimes regularly., i will b over in a minute, I usually like to use the couch or the carpet as my napkin, Sure. And their weakest album is still a great album. But Alligator and Boxer are still closest to my heart., That moment in a movie when the person puts someones stuff on fire,and then walks away like their bad!, I woke up, I am warm, I have shelter :), on purpose :) i'm a big old organic vegan foodie now, Sweet! Looking forward to watching it!, i did too it was very sad, Agreed. I'm waiting for a tablet (with decent OS) that has great ebook/ecomic/ezine support before dropping a dime on that tech., Anyone want to hang out?, anytime I love wisdom! Have a great day and an amazing week!, tht cake iz totally BEAST it got some serious #SWAG (; plz reply love ya and i sent u a gift but shhhh its a secret (; lolz <3, RT RT : Google+ is like the gym. Everyone is a member, hardly anyone goes., i lost my phone and I'm mad ..., ok i ate a full bowl of vegetables for dinner (yay ::sarcasm::) now if i can only do this "gym" thing ppl use to shape their bodies, So glad I got to sleep in! It feels great. :), Yup in this hotel and I have no idea how to work this remote, I knew he was a crack head, I wanna Train in Thailand for Muay Thai and Brazil for Jiu Jitsu!, Slowly realizing u cant rely on ppl all the time, sleep tight hope you have an ace kip! (Awesome nap) :p, You have an incredibly warped definition of tough., Thought it was Wednesday all day today. Drat., The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing the LAST application, #120045 Waterline Church., haha, yep - that was me. Where were ya?, Love this quote: "Gratitude is due to the simple truth that everything we have and are comes from God." John Fischer, Lol where should we go for our honeymoon?, #followme to the bank!, That's a nice place. While you're at it, why not check out just a few blocks down? :-), Not a bad hackers:hacks ratio at inaugural gathering. We're well positioned for content+security+game mech+advertisng tech, Change the batteries in your smoke and carbon monoxide detectors once a year, test them regularly., sigh. wait (and vote for him) i will., ew...tell me people do NOT say that. #LOTR over everything., #imhappiestwhen I'm making music! Let me know what you think of my latest music video: www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaDEqEs6dD0, 4 more day for My birthday, Austin, I'd love you forever! Well. I already do!! but.., I love doggies, but my kitty cat is a friendly one!, Three words four oh nine, FAIR POINT, Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7:30am - 1pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details., This world revolves around assholes!, Ah! So the company's out of business?, @ austinmahone im tweeting you while im in school..., i do that hit that hoe!!!, one should be on my timeline, may the 4th be with you!, any news on trades for the packer rb?, No problem. We love what you're doing. It's needed. ;-), “: A horse walked into a bar.. Several people got up and left as they spotted the potential danger in the situation.” hahahah!, Looks like a wonderful day to play a little golf then watch a little of the #Players tourney., your confidence is leaving you on your own., & When I Asked He Said Now , Then I Ran !, WE ARE WALKING ON SUNSHINE....AND DON'T IT FEEL GOOD!!, Can you throw some CLChampionship A final quarterly scores up??, no, I will not feed into your drug addiction. fuck off., yeah i hardly even watch basketball unless its Texas or Marchmadness, hahaha that's awesome! :), Q:Why do dwarfs laugh when they play soccer? A:The grass tickles their balls, No good Huskies--no good!, That's certainly a first step, but where are the sanctions and penalties from cycling's governing body?, MUSIC = WIND. You can`t see it but you`re touched when you listen, E-mail address is ... Thanks., jealous would be an understatement., oh yeah I saw that he got ejected I remember that but you know jermy Lin done for season, Finally out of work. And I'm totally loving this weather! :), Hello! Long time no chat! I've been out of town, hope everyone's weekend went well. No new etsy listings, but will have some soon!, Wisdom reduced by exactly 4 teeth. Boyfriend continues to remind me he was born with none & is thus more evolved., Thanks for the follow!, Movie night! To make up for this horrible day, every alpha needs an omega, THE ALBUM IS ALL THAT, Thanks for the reply, much appreciated!, text me <3, put a gun to her damn face., I had it on the way home, and it tasted like deliciousness, a little lukewarm, but delicious nonetheless., YO KID WAKE YO BUTT UP AND GET ONLINE!!!!!, I don't like ice cream cakes. It's like a TV/VCR. Better to separate the components: more choice, better quality., Hiding from my mom lol, Lets go !!!!!!!! Pumped to watch take down Brady!, buy me something <3, I can't believe I'm going out in public looking like a train wreck..., Ah, the constant sound of helicopters flying over..., Mike Ragogna: Kevin Rudolf&#39;s HuffPost Exclusive EPK, Plus Conversations with LP, Miguel, Chuck Mead and the Hard Rock ..., jus ate a fatt ass bowl of frosted flakes #DAYUMM!!, then who did lol, i will keep u all in my prayers!, Mark Zuckerberg wears a hoodie! JPMorgan loses $2 billion via a "London whale"! Geez guys, capitalism sure is weird!, Fighting the boredom... I have to put down the phone and laptop. Stop tweeting and drinking coffee. Fuck. I need something to do., Ouch! I don't envy you! Looking trim was one of the few benefits of the job. :P Start a new job tomorrow. ;-), "The worst thing that could possibly happen to anyone is to not be used for anything by anyone." Kurt Vonnegut -, He has so many funny ones; you can't help but laugh! :) Hope all is well., Be sure to keep up with Poised Creation for great future events!, "Justin is gay" ok, basically every song is singing about his love for a girl and he's dating Selena Gomez. How is he gay?, Sounds like my wife! :) RT : Trips to Target without my husband always end with new items for my closet., What's up, TWITTER?!, Thanks, Jeremy. I talked to Justin. They closed the roof. Your house probably had a pretty good shower. Any hail?, Follow the link! ;), Mowing lawns in the cemetery. Getting ready for Memorial Day. I'm too old to be doing this., Atlas Sound on right now!, you look like one of my cousin???? ASAP, Great night - thanks for being amazing! See you soon., ended up helping out our celeb neighbor with some flooding, and your dad let you go?, are tour tough enough for it?, Gettin some #Subway!!, Wow, just called me the H-word! RT A Chicago hipster () shrugs off that list of hipster-ish cities., BENEATH THE SKY, once in the cloud it has to go down., The most important thing I learned this year was how to be responsible with my money. School is better with books and food., hey monica! congratulations!, someone. ANYONE. please tweet me?(:, I love Tweets so much. They relate heavily to my life!, ": think I can trick into taking me to see Beauty & The Beast in 3D tonight? time will tell. #WilyCharlatan", U kno what I ain't gone even say anything I'ma let it go, Well tweeters maybe you can help me understand it because I just don't get it. Tweet you guys later~BAMM "THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER.", Bandaids not gonna cover that bro.. :D, Cy at the De Maria exhibit - "Why would he waste an awesome car?", because of the #Pirates recent woes the #Brewers game got the C team from Fox, You need to start referring to as "Hanutty"., Biggest loser- Yankees or Rangers. I know this involves Lee, but still think it is an interesting question., Little sleep last night + a big glass of wine after dinner tonight = accidentally drunk., Thanks, but I don't like the taste of spam., #FreshmanYearTaughtMe that the child ish is over time for growing up ....*looks at sophomore and junior yrs* why is ppl still on kid shit?!?, Was it ironic that played ads over jesse j? It's not about the money? really?, 34 percent of Americans are obese?!? Such a sad statistic. #obesity And in related news the gym I go to is serving pizza this evening, i was serious..., How's it going #Chicago!?? Thank your for your support thus far! In need of 1,000 followers! Spread the Word about, To Virginia I go. #statehoppin', omg I'm dying this is so old, Looking to heal., Happy to have and Ionut in the zipongo office this week to help with some exciting product changes!, Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. ----- Jim Rohn, To all Cedarville students: How was #thecelebration? Send us some photos of your #preemptivelove for Iraqi kids & we'll share them!, Emerging CRM concept of "single view of the customer" will not help your biz align with what your customers hold dear says, k...have fun, ": Never gonna give u up. Never gonna let you down ¦" now stuck in my head too :)), We may have a problem 2nite, Thanks for following us! Where can we find your blog? We <3 food blogs!, Austrian economists conduct polls differently, Why am I completely unsurprised that isn't contributing a single pixel to the anti-SOPA movement today?, Uuhh duh! Hell yeah! RT : Trying to decide if I should do Vegas for my birthday, its the falling in love, go check out the premiere of #BURN at the #Tribeca Film Festival today, Currently dealing with poor service from location #528, Corporate NTB- help this widow and single mother! Feel free to DM me., It is just nice to know that real people are paying attention to what you create (:, i did alredy follow her but is tis getting 500 followers part real cause som ppl just lie im not callin u a liar jus askin, RT : Whenever in doubt turn to God., Cups of the rozay,bitches in my old phone, Ron Paul will be on tomorrow night. This will probably be the best "debate" we'll see in the next year., So far, #MondayFunday tomorrow is , a bunch of ladies and a dino., These are the best. Cant wait! RT With games starting this weekend in Maryvale "Island Noodles" concession stand is being set up, gotcha...catch you next month, My future looks so fucking bright right now !, #20ThingsAboutMe 13. My mom finally caught me in a blatant lie just a month ago. After 18 years., #ThingsThatGetMeUpset when people lie for no reason!, Thanks for the shout-out! RT : Get your trivia on tonight (and enjoy a three-piece, fried chicken dinner with two sides..., omg this sounds SO unbelievably good. A burger spring roll!? Is this what they serve in heaven?, you'll love it by October!, <3 UR tweets Better than actual show XO “: People who hate my tweets.People w/o a sense of humor, are you watching the #Grammys?, George Karl's chin could start at center, Your student did a great job -- love the illustration as well!, my last day @ #chi2011 learning about how people read and feeling like my motivation for going to school is back, Awful way to begin the morning. Dumb circumstances., when d next time y'all Goin?, LOVE YOU bitches!xx, Gary Carter?, All happy families resemble one another; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. (Leo Tolstoy), so www.icloud.com is live & you can sign in. I look forward to it functioning fully. Question is, will it be by the end of the day?, Making TV Commercials, The Worst Online Marketing Frauds Uncovered - San Francisco Chronicle (press release), Anyone playing the new Angry birds 'Space'?, congrats on the new movies I can't wait to go see them and you are to funny : ), Slots are going fast for my new mixtape. get wit me, Poly vs Digital Harbor tomorrow 2pm at Camden Yards in the championship! Free admission and parking!, Our Apache Tomcat 7.0.26 has a hairball. (Resource not found), I'm sorry ! 10 hours is apparently my line these days. This is when I've had enough. So it goes. I'm going to go forget., I know what the dress code for our future happy hour is going to be. Pleats please!, your really good at these:')x, Visit at starting tomorrow for great deals on best-selling UPK titles!, Fuckin Artest Lmaooooo!!! Omg how I hate the. Get that dick out yo mouf and speak English bro. The fuck u just say? U egg head ass alien, “A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.” – Sir Winston Churchill, All I heard was "BEAT THAT HOE" I got up so quick, lmfaooooo, oh god, Hey if you are feeling crazy, TK has all the equipment and ability you would need for the some1 to video the celebration., Farewell, Apple. Hello Linux Mint!, As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others, She just asked me if.I want a free obama phone for emergencies....lmao, RT this for a chance to win a ticket (or more!) to on Thurs at ! The more responses - the more y'all get!, hi im a new Author, people need to know when not to put stuff on the internet. it doesn't just go away, Finally catching up w/ Twitter today (hence the RTs!), it closed. It's by bilotinjak now but who knows maybe he works at the new place. I'll try to find out this summer x), Good ol' Sapporo beer to finish the night. Hood night everyone :), Rehearsals! #NERVOUS!! :/, lucky lucky, Every girl has something special about her, Check out - definitely seems like a #DCDrinkUp type of place!, RIP: Comedian Robert Schimmel, Thanks for the many years of entertainment. You will be missed., RT : If you a UNO student do you know what a privateer is? #KNIGHTS- a pirate, #kids May LEGO Class at Pine Richland Youth Center, Fri, May 11 6:30p: Does your child love LEGOs? Drop them off for an hour each Friday..., Good Morning, Friends! ;-) RT : i feel so out of touch, You can't keep running from things that you fear or things tht bother you, Yes the cradle, cradle will rock I say rock on. Hey! Rock on-Van Halen, And The Cradle Will Rock, Prosecutor Kristina Barclay places "voluminous exhibits" on the witness stand for Roller., We are not defined by our appetites. We are defined by our choices., Austin mahone loves his haters!, MTP's office in Berkeley is closed today, 3 June. Electronic access continues. Our fingers would like today to be Thursday, it seems., Really nice job. Problem defined well, nice demo, good flow of pitch overall. #TSW2012 via, Keep up the great work..one day, me and my lady are going to do the same work you do...here in NM. Your awesome!, RT : RT: S/O to Ohio for making it's way to the tournament., I still have 2. Are you dancing at DCLX?, I know...Howard is a class guy, Tough loss, but to a great team...the season isn't over. Go Blue!, RT : Looks like gas and diesel prices are going to head upward in the next few months. Wright Express notes that......, please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 8, I'd rather have real enemies, than fake friends., that's a good sign!, he also played a struggle rapper named Horse in How To Make It In America, Yes. I do believe today to be a sunshine & wind in your face kind of day., Chopped 3 handed for $6,908. 2nd would have been $5,700 so I am OK with that chop. Great start! Let's keep it going., Have the #FINEST time!, Merry Christmas!, Any credit union membership card is good for 10% off any oil change or vehicle repair. We come to your for a change, ok I feel better now:-), Anyone who promises to put one of my campaign Yard signs in thier frontyard gets a free Tequila shot!, thx new friend :), Melo get that shit out of here!!, what time and channel is game on, Tom?, We should make a twitter handle for this guy and show him off. Just like the bronx zoo cobra., I don't know my parents didn't say anything so I guess I'm ok but then again parental silent treatment, placement test, RT : I'd like to thank Tim Tebow, normally a peaceful and spiritual man, for committing murder and killing the 2011 Jets season., hahaha Beth I can't get enough of you!, Which 10 fascinating PDX characters should make it to 'revel in portland' volume 1 and give you their own personalized 8 top picks of pdx?, center grove has stooped too it's lowest having under cover cops act like students ., If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard...try rising from the dead!, you were right-ish! Not Ezra!, great article congrats!, Listening to Eminem makes me anxious to play football, Paseo Underground at midnight. Come out!, you know, with my man Morse out, theres room in my heart for a new fav... & when fandom means animal hats, you know Im in ;), Can Dirks pitch the save effort? because he's pretty damn clutch all the time and I don't trust our closers right now, I can't stress this enough.. #youremine not theirs., Who checks refs after games? And how rigorous is it? They need to be addressed by the media IMO., did just say "Spencer Hawes with a suntan"? is a national treasure, It would be hard to believe if you're not the mayor yet, Nice to meet you, too, Britt!, Early morning and a garage on fire in northeast Albuquerque—a homeowner's attempt to put it out herself and smoke-inhalation and a hospital., nope, you're beautiful., #embarrassing RT : when you cried when you couldn't go to the mariah concert, Hope everyone is safe having a great nye I seriously saw 5 wrecks on the way home, Congratulations Claudia Anaya and Joanne Kupidlowski, you both won an LA lunch with Thank you for donating to our ABC campaign!, thanks bro!, Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 79, Hey it's BK, Iron Maiden bassist Steve Harris celebrates 55th B-Day today. What is your favorite Iron Maiden album?, Thank you Forte and thank you Barber! And of course Jay Cutler the qb that made it happen! Lovin' my bears right now!, fascinating...putin sworn in today and sarkozy loses. the world in politics...!, Bitch please., I’ve read the last page of the Bible. It’s all going to turn out all right-Billy Graham, Great Stuff !, Taking the tour, whoop whoop! So excited!, My first commit was accepted to #Saltstack by #opensource rocks. It feels good to contribute!, I'm alive but I'm alone, some perv from school is gonna read this and tell the new ms perkins I'm a physco, C-ville vs Austin tonight!!!!!!!!!, soo, your with jake I hear? Aha. I just saw keian and Chucky at Walmart., Fascinating discussion about the problems with structuring patient data -> long text is a slop bucket for unstructured data, Congrats Chloe on the 'Carrie' lead!!! I think you are beautiful & very talented!!! Xoxo, bonding day with the pops :), RT HUGE thanks to our partner for awesome giftage for #TEDxCLT! We can't wait to distribute them on Oct 15!, Heading to #Denver to #coach a great company and see wonderful friends., Thank you, I'd love to see you. Hope you are well!, Nice Win #San Diego !, Bout to get to it!, I love seeing new talent in LA <3, Get VIP any night for Birthday, Bachelor/Bachelorette, Anniversary, or Holiday parties! Text "VIP" to 414.335.9569 for options & pricing!..., PLEASURE IS ALL MINE!!!!!, Am I a Maple Leaf fan?, we'd be happy to help! DM us., Nugget Nectar is keeping me happy during this Penguins game, I am usually all Madame PR.....PC......everything is great........but THAT is ridiculous., But keep your eyes peeled for my new senior class in Detroit "yoga for bubbies" deets soon, Early morning memorization requires extra caffeine., I'm so happy you and commented. I think you are spot on., DID JUSTIN AND SEL BREAK UP, “: OMG awkward Courtney!!!! #bachelor” I know, right?, REALLY !!!!??? Fuck !! There goes my proposal idea, Lucky guy! RT : My world got a bit smaller today as I got to know & Two great, funny, smart women!, Per KS Humane, nobody has been able to touch this chi. I cannot pull and transport to NC., Going to the park, When a person develops attachment to another or an object he is bound to go through pain and suffering., If u label yourself as a hipster then your defiantly not!!, Howdy. #FF to some, ": time to get with the times homie!"<-- You watch it there buddy!!, Win a Lemonade from McDonald's! Just tell whether you'll tune into the Idol finale tonight. Email with your answer., Okay everyone, Geek Fight Kickstarter 2.0 goes live tomorrow!, Someone is matching, everyone is welcome to come to my place to hang tonight, Weather is awesome and the beers are pouring. Come cheer on the O's with us!!, Oh muh goodness., My dumbass went into work at 11 and I don't have to be there until 5, o my apologies! I thought u were scheduled 2 appear on ABC (WLS) Jobs Week in Feb; our CEO will be on 2 and wanted to connect., OSU racquetball team wins 5th straight title, Going to a class today:"Arrangement and Description of Manuscript Collections"! And my hair is still pretty green...oh yeah., well some one looks H-O-T in there pic!! No homo :p, No matter what i do...I can't get you off my mind!!! I'm talking about one person, and she knows who she is!!!, Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get - Dale Carnegie, It's a Kid Cudi type of night, How am i fully awake right now, check out an app called Google Sky, it let's you view constelletions and stars wherever you point your phone, it's really cool!, And they would be right, ! We follow her from our secret Twitter accounts. But maybe wants a more vapid audience? <U+E105>, Stop. I can barely take it. Can't wait. My whole day is scheduled around your shows see earlier Tweets., I wish there were an instagram filter to make you look more decent., If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters, NM Telegram blogger and The Morning Word columnist is a panelist on The Line tomorrow. What's his take on #Wiener ?, Where's a friend when you need one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, 21 Days until Deathbeat Jam's new single is out!!! Hear an exclusive demo of it Jan. 14th. =], Just re-watched President Obama roasting Donald Trump with the entire room laughing. Priceless., Saw the 3PM show of that dance piece I told you about. If you can do it, go. Really, truly. 8PM. Kern Center. Pure joy., For those folks who need alittle push... the little train that could. The KISS method is.. Keep it simple stupid., and I just booked our flights for #SAA11! , here we come!, Good morning world!! Thanking god for another day<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>!!!, have a nice weekend!, Heat game and jersey shore! This night can't get any better <3, kathee leah is srsly like dancing to one direction and she has a crush on niall and says shes gonna marry him and have his babies shes 6, Presents? [Gets in car]., Photography tweeps... Any suggestions on entry level DSLR's & places to buy!?, What piercing did you get:-), boring I only have one photo I really like:/, We're sad to announce that Sweetwater Restaurant and Bar has closed. Let's support our local businesses and stop them from all closing!, Oops accidental tweet, Dinning Room Set $ 279.- HUGE FURNITURE SALE!!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! up to 65% off !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture, Like to cook? - Listen Up! It's "More Herbs - Less Salt" day across the country, health experts wanting you to cut down on the sodium., thanks man!, they're not the only ones, I hope nobody tries to do Jurassic park in real life. They're talkin bout it on science channel lol, I'm gonna shoot myself in the face because of this boredom. No one is awake to talk to, and if they are they aren't sober., "Plucky little sisters, 1, 2, 3... lookin for adventure, you and me...", Thanks for following, Aaron!, what it do, Scholarships at Purdue are reserved for basketball...., In addition to food & wine, we have fashion: is at our Food Truck Extravaganza, 1735 Hancock St., how did your sleep prayer work out?, 29 N closed at rt. 838 near Covesville due to a car/Tractor trailer accident. Severe delays, Im just sitting out here watching airplanes., Thank you omer asik for blowing that win for us..., And once again listening to "Some Beach" while contemplating a new job. It's gotta be some kind of a record., Feel free to wish me a happy mothers day, since I am a mother to two beautiful kitties :), don't leave New York! The team needs you and city idolizes you., whats good wit the T's. Ready to make moves, Congrats on the win., Wiping the slate clean for 2012. What inspires you?, Excited like whoa that lots of pretty ladies will be out in full force tonight in Anna Chich Jewelry and Danielle Pettee dresses!, My room is a mess.. :s, will Tyler manage to get over his sire bond to Klaus so he can be with Caroline?, Don't miss ur last chance to come to Love Life Rehab Sunday!, How do we get 45K #Orioles fans to show up for a game? And don't say a new owner or win. We need your help., Has Highlight given you the initiative to connect with ppl you don't know based on common interests or friends?, I love hanging out with you too!:) today is Sunday!! I'm already nervous!!, just don't hate on the mid-range game., Thats the kind of sexist thought I would expect from a guy who likes his Filipina cam models., yes. Or reply that you thought it was them., Great shoot today!!!!, Dan Wheldon you are amazing driver #77 on laps 77 was a special for you we ya'll miss you dan, Braun just made one of the sickest plays, Someone woke up with poopy pants!!, Dam we got our ass kicked, Ppl have trouble taking pleasure in things animals do. Sex and food. Not in WI!, Hi! I would love it if you follow me back. Then we can join forces in the name of our common cause, to fight abuse. Tx, Make a pledge to myself right now that I will discover who I really am., great work, hahaha. You're crazy! Thats my favorite life motto!, No problem....keep the news on the Colts coming., Why are you telling us *where* they are instead of *what* is happening?, I don't know what I was thinking re: tomorrow. I have esperanza spaulding tickets., I had them at 17-0...never heard of this "Bye" team, but I think the Pack takes them down., I hate it when people only use their twitter to make obvious subtweets about people., run around day pick up mail grocery shop... big list...def time for a vacation, ahaha wooops! i overlooked that fact!, Thanks, Todd! Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!, Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek., St. Mary's Center for Cancer offering discounted Mammograms, I have Hanley Ramirez who can play there & Robert Andino but I need him at 2B., You are All I need and I'll never let go Tell Em you are all I need and I'll never let go., LOVED how the Roots played the All That theme when Nick Cannon came out. Aw!, Investigation of Ariel Warning, novel about identical twin brothers & woman who comes between them Author Robert Kalich is an identical twin, So exciting! ~ so proud of you, your journey and what you've become ! Miss you all!, honesty, loyalty, friends and then wealth, meditation margaritas moon, #visit your big sista in #LA #Hawaii &/or #Italy lemme know Boo! LovezYaz, “: The next time I see she will be walking down the aisle.”My heart just melted, Say it ain't so Charles, it's a great day to #begreat and be a #sconnie let the sports wi-kend begin, I love me!, *~we beat 1D shocked ~*, I have to be unemotional for us all..., #nowplaying & Whiskey's Gone, great night guys! Made my night haha! Good times with y'all. Thanks!(:, Cuz when the judge hit you with the time, wishing wont wash it away. I'm giving you the real., only like 20 minutes left of school though :), RT : We made top 30 AirPlay Last week again, number 14. Suck it Black Keys., RT : we got cookies saved :), thanks for the follow!! How's Texas?, Thanks for the RTs!!, Good movie, Hi Matthew! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!, I think you and the Big Ear of Corn would have gotten along very well., I kid you not just entered the room to "Eye of the tiger", I have to do better this week. I just realize from Wed to Yesterday I had 15 drinks. This can NOT be., Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it., Yes Susan Eisenhower's blog is rich indeed. She calls for "respect.", Big come from behind win tonight for my !!! Good job fellas!!, ½it's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.", Finally getting in the in-laws house in W Newburyport, MA after a LONG day of traveling!, hello! please look for an email from us in ''. thanks!, I had Trader Joe's spaghetti-o's. I'm about to have a kashi hot cereal chaser, along with Zero Vitamin Water., Take it to the head, I do think that is a great spot. But its also where I had my senior ball... Don't really want to relive high school memories. :), I get it. I am slow. Loblol, haha. Umm. Beats, Phillips specked, some skull candy, Sony. Over ear or in ear., even me :( lol, I boarded the Subway this morning for the 2 for 1 before 9am. thanks so very much., Wow. That was quick. And awesome., Proud of the way you performed this wk @ #TheMasters Keeping working your process!, Thanks for the RT!, Why is Justin Bieber trying to sound like the Ying Yang Twinz?, I can't stand Paul Pierce smh he always hits the big shot on my team., Where did the money go?, FOLLOW-----> SHES MY BFFL AND SHE TWEETS A LOT!, and im hidding in your house., aw thanks hun i play my main roll 2morrow and friday ;), Im with haha, it was so spicy my lips are swollen! That's what happens when u don't give me an option between regular &hot. What is regular..mild or med?, Girl, I have been having the same issue! I thought I would make loads in time for Christmas presents, but not so much!, Same here!, Retweet if you like Uconn Basketball!!!, 100 plays! Wow! The highest rotation song in my iTunes library is Vampire Weekend's "Oxford Comma" w 85 plays., Sure, Billy Crystal has failed to be funny for almost 40 years, but maybe this is his year? #Oscars2012 (PS, it won't be)., Wow!!!!! Surreal. Back in NYC for first time in 4 months!!!, For some #relationship is a journey filled with strife, while others find nothing but joy. We're here so you can find whichever applies to u, Marveling how good my co-author can write a robot war fight., #drool but where's the rest? Such a big plate! Fill'er up! lol, i want the one thing video :o, I think it's safe to say from the columns that I have no good advice! /that there is no good advice, “: Wtf is up with the word 'feckless'? Did Frank Luntz approve it or something?” / just Palin mispronouncing again. ;-), you look sexier with dark locks :), RT : Tonight Fusion I from Lagunitas!! Come by for this hyper limited beer. Or grab a $5 glass of wine, $4 Allagash or $2 PBR!!, Board game night w/ friends was the perfect activity for a rainy Sat. eve. Played Puerto Rico for 1st time; look forward to playing again!, piétrus dropping them threes!!!, If this person were from the South, maybe I could get past it..., Daly City Auto Repair, Sanford Firestone, Offers Tips on Brake Repair and Maintenance, Off Season Now... Trying to do this Fast, Done! Pre-season games, of Superbowl 48!, Why are my male followers going in on women tonight?? Sheesh, GGC is now hiring dancers!, Simple + effective recovery meal: PB&J, banana, protein shake. Works every time., 500 FOLLOWERS!!! JUST LIKE I PROMISED 2 BRAND NEW SONGS, ILY GUYS, Right now watching a replay of MTV Movie Awards which I missed earlier. :), Ima hit u up den, Kevin continues his destructive behavior and DJs at Burlington tonight with Beth., If a turtle doesn’t have a shell, is he homeless or naked?, May the 4th be with you, SO happy to have a glass of wine, crawl in bed with my kindle, and look forward to another day of making magic happen!, At @ hinterland gallery for Danielle de Picciotto art reception and it's really special. They're open til midnight!, Just watched that movie the other day. Back to back. Amazing prints., Hey well meaning people: If you add me to an email list without my permission, you are a spammer. Even if I can opt-out. Even if you're nice, aldsfjasldfasd Why is this dumb Call Me Maybe song so fucking catchy?!?!, Thanks for dropping off cupcakes to CBS Chicago!, I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you..., #20FactsAboutMe my soon to be iPhone will have my twitter turnt up!, thanks. No, motard bikes are large dirt bikes w/ street tires & stiff suspension. This is dirt.. but with lights to be street legal, wheels up! Next stop Mexico! Woohoo!, Ridiculously tough loss., Just gonna throw this out there: Videos on the blog. Yay or Nay?, Savings Tip - Spiral Bulbs I found them at Grocery Oulet store -- 4 for a $1.00. Can't go wrong on that!, The Lies Make You A Less Worth Accomplice..., My dad got everyone's lsl card, but mine., Norah Jones Little Broken Hearts on repeat, The 8 a.m. service at was void of Easter hats but had rocking music. Holding out for hats at Bethel Memorial., just waiting for you to notice me(:, Somebody just earned himself a champagne toast :), Love me or hate me. Either way I'm on your mind., We are the 2%, she live in Seattle. I live in University Place. I probably won't see her until my/my cousins birthday which is the 1st :/, Congrats! #diversity #tv #film RT : Panel is wrapped! Kudos for spectacular discussion, I do what I want too, I play by my own rules, let's just dance the night away!, Are we "just friends?" Sometimes I wonder., RT : Sitting on pit box for the race today. Should be a big learning day for Here we go!, I want some McDonalds, So who else wants to win a Free Dell Laptop? Sweepstakes will choose a winner on October 7th.....Get yourself entered in now : ), At church and am very tired no a good combo, Check out on twitter for updates on the National ACLU Conference 2012 through Tuesday, I felt something touch my leg, and the lights just flickered as I'm tweeting this. Awh shit I'm gon' die tonight!, Ryan Braun is the baby bear slayer, In-state #SDSU students: How has going to school with non-CA students affected you? Writing an op-ed for class. Let me know!, Great to see and on bikes during lunch today! (No, they weren't the bicyclists who almost ran me over.), One of the computers in the office went to screensaver. Still says 'Happy Holidays!', shit, did i screw everything up?, - they'll be doing an inshore in Hollywood on October 20th too!, buttery nipples, From 11 until about 2, or as long as the people want me there. Wells & 15th at Marquette. Come on out!, OMG I get 's tweets sent to my phone for the very same reason. :P, Ok. So, 4/20 was the first time Jesus tried marijuana right? Argh, I'm so confused. So what is Good Friday?, You know you've hit rock bottom when you think proudly to yourself, "I've really mastered the art of layering sweaters.", #1000HaitianWaysToDie EARTHQUAKE! Too soon?, Beyonce - Dance For You, Do not let spacious plans for a new world divert your energies from saving what is left of the old. –Winston Churchill, Viva Fiesta!! Battle of the Flowers San Antonio., Brrr... Fall is here! It's a great time to curl up with a cup of hot cocoa and give to the Risd Annual Fund!, #sixwords - you mean the world to me, Happy Birthday!!!, u shouldn't offer live chat if noone is ever available to answer, I'm #ForeverALamb because I've been listening to you since Someday and will forever listen to your music !!!, Ability is what you are capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it., Female Co-Host wanted for unsigned artist showcase. Must have personality, be self-motivated & somewhat attractive! Info: 347 249 9441, . they missed out 'finnish your language requirement.', . Happy Anniversary!! (14 minutes late.), Opening 2/24. Thought you'd like to know!, Thanks for the RT, we love the bags!, my mom told me she really was the granny from hansel&gretel and she fattens kids up&eats them., “Perhaps one of my many weaknesses has been an oversupply of confidence”- Lowell Thomas, Oh! And midgets and hookers!!! cant forget those!!! #very important, Getting back to my roots with some event planning and budgeting today, RT : ": Any spoilers for tonight's RAW?:)" People will complain about it. Then continue to watch next week., “: "THIS IS A HANDS IN YOUR POCKETS CONVERSATION." ( understands.) Oh, I do. I really do., "The joy of tourism is the return to youth and innocence."-, Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day, $1 off Signature drinks all night with our bar open til 1am! Kitchen open til midnight daily!, Yup. Melvin said Gamel will get his chance to win job outright RT In part, it's because Green hits LH like Gamel., Fucc Hopsin its #WolfGang till the day that I die., Merry Christmas from Karaoke MVP!, Cool waiting for, #WhenImAlone I dream of Indian Spices and Chocolate coming together in perfect harmony. Do you think it's possible?, My toe nail cracked :(, michelle gets embarassed, obviously she has the humility her other half is missing, One week until pitchers and catchers report to spring training! GO REDS!, People expect you to go out your way for them and they still want to treat you like shit., Rough week., me too! ;) I haven't seen the footage yet. My sis is gonna teach me how to edit my own vids. It'll be fun! :), Happy New Year, palaeogeeks! I wish you all happiness and success in 2012! :D, is a badass. If you arent following him. You should be. <3, When I come home and my mom is in a bad mood. <U+E416>, Branding yourself.... Have a cool name! And let your freak flag fly, "Show up - Pay Attention - Tell the Truth - Don't Be Attached to the Outcome" Great rules for living!, Performing at the on Sunset tomorrow night at 10pm. Let me know if you want to get on the guest list., Me and swaqqin these niqqas word "monkey ducks", RT : So, DO tell, ideas for High Alititude #TNI tomorrow?!, A twitter too!? There goes the internet., what the SHIT is going down on ur page?! Checked in w you & felt like I should greased my face and take out my earrings!, Jolly Rancher twosomes are amazing lol, RT : After 1am, that's when the unemployed whores thrive. Right ?, Love this title for Marianne Vitale exh @ Zach Feuer "WHAT I NEED TO DO IS LIGHTEN THE F**K UP ABOUT A LOT OF SH**" (asterisks are mine), Basketball isn't as popular in Canada as it is in the US. Hockey is by far the most popular sport in Canada. Steve Nash, Thoughts and prayers go out to the people effected by the earthquake/tsunami, thankful I live in natural disaster proof MD, Does any one else like Dubstep?, Hello :) Care to help a new novice mra racer? I'll put ohlins all over the bike,leather. Would mean te world o me. Thanks, welcome back! Hope you and hubby had fun!, I am getting an education in painting today, that's for sure., Thanks for the RT. By the way, we're not "Hoos for Haiti". We're "Love4Haiti", the event taking place at Random Row Books..., Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs, Can I violate it too? RT #BestBuy: Fmr CEO Brian Dunn violated co policy w/ relationship with female employee. Severance: $6.6M, It's Wednesday. One more day this week. I can do this., Emily2.0. You're the most social of all socials. Upload your API and RSS some blogosphere!, because he is the most exciting athletes and sports, walker here, I will be broadcasting tomorrow 11 til 1pm at Jefferson Coin shop at Airport and Rt 219 you may win a 1oz Silver Eagle Coin, My pastor preached today. Matt 26:36-45. It's time to go a little further, Sent out an email to the office, ten mins later get a phone call saying I gotta close it up, HR called one of our higher ups, awesome enjoy, Dude. Listen to the 1st one from last year. Brainchild of Travis Rodgers & Seanie The Cablinasian. Priceless., Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers especially my mom your the best and I LOVE YOU, Im gettin tired of androids..cant wait to get the iPhone 5...whenever df it comes out that is.., Seriously the perfect pair! I am already looking for a second pair... just to compliment these and mix it up a bit... :), I asked my Brazilian girlfirend's dad why Ronaldo's big. "He eats too much" "Isn't it a disease?" "Yeah, he can't stop eating", Do you agree? "News is something someone wants suppressed. Everything else is just advertising." Lord Northcliff, Looks like this could be a very important study -- we'll be checking on the progress here in the States!, As you fill out your mail in ballot remember its simple. NO to ABCD! No to A, No to B, and No to CD H/T, 2 thank you twitter for letting me rant about stoppid shieet., *shaman cave achievement unlocked* (it was pretty amazing, pics later), This show is such a joke, Great story!, Played poker at Rivers last night. Won $60 in a mere 72-minute session, which will result in a massive 3RP post, coming soon., Good morning all you sexy people!!!, Im so freaking hot in this tux, Watching "I shouldn't be alive" it's hard to imagine all the places to get lost and not be found for days or weeks. Not in NY, Love the Carolina rain, but my joints do not. Ouch., More has to be done to get ballots to nursing homes. Nowadays they arent just old folks home, but rehab facillities., All Thanksgiving day, Just begging for attention, Lone red mailbox flag., damn news to me up here we gets it in as long as your shit ain't smelling like a garbage can & neatly groomed, RT : Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson called out journalists for being mathematically illiterate <-How do I get #j202 to hate #s less?, He does not get it through his head that I don't want him ., when is it? Friday right?, Out of 649 entries, congrats to the lucky Michigan reader who won a copy of DELMARVA LEGENDS & LORE on Goodreads!, Thecore. Playing this Saturday at Meatheads on Sahara and Decatur. Badass show in store! W.Facebook.com/thecorepunk, RT : RT : #TWITTERTHURSDAYS official ATL Twerk team at endless music.. Be there or stay square, DOUBLE RAINBOW, I fixed it! Jeez!, that is really funny. :-), “: Volleyball is just a more intense version of 'Don't let the balloon touch the floor.'”, Excited to have Dr. Michael Greger join as a speaker for #HHH2012. Can't wait for all the you'll share with us!, Really? I think it's because nobody really likes Romney, Santorum is sectarian, Gingrich is irrelevant, and Paul is fringe., any close friend of the mate is a close friend of mine. Always a place to stay for genuine people, So I made an appt with the authorized repairman presumably to replace the DEFECTIVE capacitors on my 46" SAMSUNG tv. The cost to me:$200-300, See you after Springsteen tonight! Save a cocktail for us ... "Glory Days..." ;), sure! gotta dig up a pic from the SD game pre game night party! lots of fun outfits..hold plz, Its always interesting how an ambulance can go racing by with sirens and lights on only to stop at donut shop or fast food rest.!!, Eyenga, I feel your pain, What we eating???, I thought he was good but got a bit annoying., I am just wondering who r u 2 judge anyone?, - double date :) <3 they make me feel akward! But I love my girlfriend & boyfriend :D, Hey wtf portland or needs a live show whut the dealio, Morning Indy PEEPS!!, yeah I know right! I did mine friday night like a nerd. I'm way past stressed., having to find moves at home. weak sauce., I was a finish line attendant for the Capital Challenge. Collecting bib numbers because they don't use chips (For whatever reason), What futuristic movie set did J Lo get her outfit from?, Let's go cavs!, Cried myself to sleep yesterday v,____v, RT : Couldn't tell all in my interview with but the secrets out! Who's comin to see me on stage w Tupac next Sun?, Thank you for the quality tutorial on Python and mapping!, Blog teaser: There is no "I" in Content Marketing (well there is, but it's a little guy), #waze is epic. So free and so good., is my 11 letter word inspiration. :-), I don't play video games anymore because depression and lack of a social life prohibit me from taking any enjoyment from it, Don't forget to put the hashtag #LRAH after your responses, so people can follow the stream of conversation!, That's awesome!, OMG! The vow is out on DVD!, You can either scream every time there is a bump or you can throw your hands up and enjoy the ride, Coming tomorrow, Webisode 41: Man Up! With guest stars a-plenty and laughs a-plenty-more., So who will we see rockin' out with us tomorrow night?, anybody wanna hit the, Awhh. Is that his name? Is he like, a pit bull?, This week in golf, at a glance The PGA Tour's HP Byron Nelson Championship and the LPGA's Sybase Match Play Championship highlight the we, We hope everyone had an amazing Thanksgiving! We ate a ton of food and then played a ton of games!, You're welcome., However, that is completely unrelated to the stadium deal, but at the same time makes a deal look more impressive., I'll pace him :-) RT : No worries that will be part of my weekly ride anyway., #iusedtothink we was going to last forever but you didn't think the same, Matthew is 6 weeks old and has a rare form of brain cancer. We met his mom last night. Please pray for this sweet little guy's..., Watch all the Final Four March Madness action on 10TV tonight...we'll see you after the games with all the highlights and reaction!!!, I know right I think I bombed that test I'm Freaking out, nice save, but pls don't do that again., I hate ppl who try to fit in.. Be yourself, Is it possible to teleport from bwi to the 2nd floor shower of 1230 irving st nw?, Psalm 34:8 O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him., All well-regulated families set apart an hour every morning for tea and bread and butter. - Joseph Addison, hm I wonder who that could be about? lol i love you!, I gotta swing by Campus West liquor first., I need a secretary, well just got done playin #wwe12 and now goin to sleep lol, loved seeing you on The show and I love you I can't wait to ready your book and you're doing an amazing job w Cree, hm what to wear, what to wear..., Got some great news this afternoon that had nothing to do with car insurance...Let the good times roll!, Thank you for inviting me to the play "Crazy is Love" last night. I had a great time and enjoyed meeting people., General Electric Stomps the Gas in Electric Car Push, Put em' up!, JAY JAY THE JET PLANE. Hola babe. You should follow me :), The last time #LeapDay fell on #HumpDay was 28 years ago. It also just so happens to be #WhiskeyWednesday, if you're into that sort of thing, Back on Empire Avenue, come invest? (e)602KID Enjoy the weekend!, had a dream came to my wedding last night. This is your informal invitation Willie., beyond the pale, lies the ass of jasper....so friendly, so inviting. So juvenile., root beer float., Telling a man you have a boyfriend only encourages them. Single people are just not attracted to other single people., bogus wasn't a great choice of words but it fit :-), imma go one day lol what time is ur shift?, Vinny definatley named his floor Mikey just saying., temporarily... it's getting upgrades. Doors expanded to fit new trucks, etc., everybody else says "garbage", You know, I actually prefer your vocal stylings compared to the real singer, keep singing, I don't like louisiana drivers!, My baby sister does the face., PiSECTOR Cellular GSM Home Security Alarm System, Burglar ..., Hey, I think our premiums are going down already., #youknowyourehighwhen there are no lazy Mexicans in Ohio, Definitely not leaving building today for food... Looks like I'll be having birthday cake for lunch!, Private Parts is the best movie Howard! It should be on constant rotation on cable just like Twilight seems to be!, I just heard a department manager say, "I dont know how to make manwich". Really??, That's what I like to hear!, Been on photoshop for an hour trying to edit something...nothing significant progression has been made., RT if you're heading to Huntington Park tonight to catch take on Syracuse, 6:35p!, Last we looked, we were #7 when voting ended. If that is so, we will play the Hard Rock. Regardless, thank you for all the support!, fall in love with someone who deserves your heart not someone who will play with it!!, For some odd reason, there aren't that many people in on the Thurs. afternoon before spring break..., Dont Forget Some More of The Realist 2 Follow, #thankyou. here we go again, had the Deviant tonight and I liked it. Star has one four pack left., Ni Hao Meghan! Xie Xie (Hello Megan! Thanks) I am in Shanghai this week - back to US after 3 days in Beijing. Work is good, Getting up in four hours <<< having one week of high school left, What we need is more movies based on comic books., myspace is a ghost town llab, RT : Free admission for NM residents, this Friday at the O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe!, "Aye Guhh" was never a effective way to get a girls attention., What did everyone do for Easter? Did you have fun?, Tried to watch Moneyball last night. The weekend caught up with me and I was definitely asleep by 8. BTW, new bed? A-may-zing., why does have 22K followers? PLEASE, ADVERTISE TO ME WILL YOU? OH PLEASE????, Need to refresh my #running #playlist. Suggestions?, How'd I fall so hard right into your arms?, good luck to everyone buying tickets soon. xx -breezy, We use several major National and local Insurance providers to assist our clients and their insurance needs. Contact us now!!, I no his family, You don't have to more you don't have to speak, - something that will fill in a form while I'm testing client side validation, checkout, etc., Flogging Pancake, RT : Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart, not someone who plays with it., I did not anticipate a 5 game losing streak this early in the season., Advice offered to me tonight: "If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!" ~ John Waters, Happy Birthday, ! Have a wonderful day!, If you need a SMILE...take one of ours!! Have a great day!, what up, LSU to me...": Anyone got a read on Musberger yet?", Today feels like a good day., true daaaaat(; we're awesome bahaha, And again... forgotten/ditchedd! Cool.... #angrytweets Sorry guys lol, Thinking about throwing a going away banger! One last time for everyone to get together, I think it's great marketing that when u tweet about being in a place they almost instantly tweet back and thank you. Technology today. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, I NEED SLEEP >:O, I'm just like everyone else: I put my straight jacket on one buckle at a time., Same old Caps., : We get it. It's warm where you are and it's cold where we are. Congrats..., I LOVE seeing all these posts about people's moms.Its nice to see how much people appreciate&love their mothers :)..just like me with mine:), How can that bike move after all the steak you guys just ate with us????, Cmon, I gotta pay $300 for a nosebleed to see the pack????, that awkward moment when you look outside and your neighbor is staring straight into your bedroom window, #GCB fans get your tickets to the #IntheArtoftheCity event and After Party! is hosting!! #ITAOTC 05.03.12, Start time here at Sessions Stadium....830pm! hosts kennesaw st in our ASun Opener!, some people dont know how lucky they really are, Hey!! Good to hear from you!!, C'mon #Kansas, at least make this interesting., The have their challenges, yes. But blowing the whole thing up wasn't the answer. Very important offseason though..., ok then I'm really old too cuz I have a cardinal that lives in my yard & I LOVE HIM!, Truly fantastic working w/ Brett today! Best wedding experience this year. Thanks Brett, Tim & Kristin!, Great effort this year Timbers!, RT : A3: to put it simply, "getting in to the wrong stuff". This statement can be applied to most, if not all, religions., Buffett's secretary - minus side she pays a higher % of taxes than him but on the plus side she got invited to SOTU., im getting bored with all of this., I was a huge fan growing up Chris...then just got back into it around WM 27. Super pumped for this years event in Miami!, All these years flew by...can't believe he's 23 :'), i need to be honest every day i go on to my twitter nd see if is still following me. im a weird because if that??, I think I'm going to be sick, Thanks! That's some great company!, what's up tresha. Yes I am. My schedule is making it hard to but I'll be around. I'll be at Smashburger tmrw., Pray for my mom!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, Moyer came to a cancer treatment school when I was living in Seattle & hung out all day, a super awesome guy!, Babysitting is a game of patience., he has done a terrible job of drafting position players, come see me next week after i get paid., yeah, it comes through in his interviews too. Still, his crazy ass makes good music and puts on a killer live show., what's your favorite hobby?, Is that the one where "Birdman" attempted a dunk roughly 28 times?, Fail: someone didn't get the now old joke. Posted: "Happy Star Wars Day! May the 5th be with you." That's for Scotch day! :-), loving the playlist so far!, I'm back in the library...cataloging and listening to WEEI online. I miss Boston sports radio...but not Boston weather., Partying it up. L O L, ur a beast bro, i always put too much pepper in my food but it's ok because, RT : Farmers to receive grants to fight pollution in parts of Chesapeake, other watersheds - The Washington Post -..., Feedback re: 's switch to require FB login for new users vs. email/pw might be good study. Looking forward to !, he's very good, too bad he wasn't there with Idris Elba (aka Luther), #chicultural2012 Due to close vote count 4) Capacity was added., Pres. Berman says that our innovative ideas at the conference need to continue into our classrooms, Show this Friday Swinefest hope to see you there........Specyphi goes on at 3:00pm, what is the special section? lmao, sounds like an eventful weekend :), is in town today... Almost time for the concert!!!!, #sevendeadlysins get sinful, I Lo led it before the game bro. I can not believe they blew that fucking game, Shake your grove thing with Barry Manilow @ the Copa Call Me Barry, Thanks for mention. You would have been the ideal student for that class!, Funny how I've been friends with you since 7th grade and you can't even say hi to me, Currently heating my apartment with my stove., Too bad facebook ruined it for me:, it was cool seeing cookie again., yup you are!, #InstantTurnOn boys who are really athletic., Tonight it's all about trance, toking, and tainted water. Let's dance!, yeah... Another week in Detroit. Not what I dreamed about when I became a consultant..., Wasn't Obamacare passed on Christmas Eve? Why won't Senate Dems pass a year-long solution and not a 2 month one? Politics? Obama?, The present moment is all you ultimately need to find your true, higher self again. It's that simple. All u have to do is come back to now., - please confirm your identity to proceed, I've been one of those persons who never goes anywhere without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a raincoat, and a parachute, Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow, I'm tempted to post a picture of my scary looking blisters but I think I'd lose all my followers. And then get some strange new ones., I just entered 's #20DaysAGifting holiday giveaway., RIP all victims of war., Mom's logic: Throwing out things we need, keeping things we don't., #Frustrating RT : Softball and baseball teams have similar issues - too many stranded runners - need more RBIs!, The past is bullshit, the future is bullshit, i live in the now!:), is make patterns for an elegant design, Can we skydive Dubai the week after?, if I didn't have such a cannon for an arm I'd use that next year! Don't wanna hurt you guys lol!, 30 short of 2000 monthly, big push everyone let's get 24k annually rolling to these causes!, #bestbandintheworld Fall Out Boy, What a beautiful fall night in Seattle! I love this time of year, thanks for the RTs and mentions, “: I realized why Hellen Keller couldn't drive. She's a woman.” << oh shit, When you're worried, write it in the dust and let the rain settle it., O. M. G. I just died inside. *yowza*, is it stinky? Lmao that's disgusting, “: Beyoncé has never met competition in her life.”, Yes! RT : Every single day should have more Stevie Wonder., What words would you want to have on you shirt before being barried?, Unfortunately, there is no dental magic. It's like 16th century farming., Its online only. :)), I have watched too many episodes of Toddlers And Tiaras. Someone save me before I finalize my decision to get fat and become a pagent mom., Stop! :O, creepers be creepin, Happy birthday to you too! Do it big!, breathtaking display of guitar playing. Cuban band a very tasty condiment that did not overwhelm main course, lol ok no worries I have been hella busy finishing moving. I'm so happy today is the last day. Lol :), Last minute spot open for music act THIS WEDNESDAY for TV show. Email me w/links to your music if available:, there's 32 of them??, I hear ya on the vacation. That's what I NEED right now. I usually fly home to LA to visit my folks., wait... they have souls? Lol you know I am just joking., Landfills, sad, thanks kindly for the retweet!, Same! It just to me seems too early to reboot and the previous films weren't even bad, unlike The Hulk., I remember going to school late to get the new Jordans (1st time out EVER) and be the first to have them on in school, I said it at the beginning of the year and all you bulls fans, Laker fans, Mavs fans etc laughed.. Now look where all ur teams are, Yeah, one of the reasons Laos is so poor is because people are hesitant to use the land. It's awful., Finally desperate housewives is getting better :3, ok gr8! I'll go there 2! I wasn't sure I act added u. The new fb is strange! Wld love 2 hear more about ur story, two hours later... O's he still the complete package or has he lost a few peanuts along the way?, I love finding $20 on the ground!, First off, 699 other players also deserve a cup and if that was Cooke or Rinaldo making that hit it'd be a suspension, #FamousMamaQuote turn that off!!! You don't pay no bills!!!!! LMAO, my cats brain is broken :-(, That sound flip-flops make when they hit the bottom of your foot <<<<<, looking for a way to get a fab #fashion event up on your site happening April 1st. Let me know!, "America is too great for small dreams", Do you know if the teams had their food flown in from Europe while in Motegi?, Your not even in this solar system., I wish Face Off focused more on working and less on drama, I never smoked so theres not a #FirstTimeISmoked And don't plan on having one <U+E208>, sounds like pre-draft misdirection. Enough to generate trade discussions and/or keep teams away from taking who they want., That picture hurt my spirit =(, Nigga tell me why you dont talk to anyone anymore, Be sure to stop at lost leaf tonight!! Great vibe, great beer and wine selection for all yall!!! THE REWIND!!!, I'll save some for you., Lmfao at making up Algebra quizzes.., Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You*, mothers day flowers from old town florist!, just threw in an extra 500 for good measure. Lmao!, 365: I'm thankful to ring in the new year quietly & safely, snuggled up at home. Happy New Year, everyone, & may 2012 bring you joy., Please RT! Just a reminder that you can get a month of yoga for $39 at www.DailyDealSquad.com ! NA-MA-STE!, I get kinda mean when im intoxicated...which makes it real complicated when im by myself. Lol., Just ran into Doug Melvin. I said "Hey Doug" cause you know, we're tight like that., the refs must be related to McNabb, Did Steve Carrel turn to his wife and say "that was just okay" about the opening.., I love you!!! You're so sweet!, I just added new pages to our already LOADED & BLOATED Website, so check it out today & let me know what you think: # Join us EVERY SUND… #, DO NOT LIKE! I missed part of the show - sending prayers to the HSS family. :(, RETWEET If you WANT more followers .I'll PROMO YOU ( Must be following ) !!!, #Thatawkwardmoment the asshole friend who needed a ride turns off his phone after your other friend woke up @ 230am willing to help him out., The funniest thing just happened! My dad rode the barn stormer! Haha!, if a wood chuck could chuck wood, how much would you pay for your campfire, I feel so helpless when Mike and Grace are sick. I just want to make them better...., ah I thought since is here and you said ToT you were here and you guys are attached at the hip...so yea, Copycats cut bullshit., If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking. George S. Patton, I wanna say Happy Mothers day..to all the Queens out there that's all about their kids! Ya'll are a blessing.., and pizza doesn't count as a vegetable!, Real PR Media and SNO-PR have been hired by two Hollywood producers to promote the new film Milennium, starring the "Octomom" Nadya Suleman., God Bless America!, falling in reverse is in town...if this was 4 years ago i would be there. but im not going by myself, Starting to apply to professional #librarian positions. Should I keep my resume to only one page, or is that outdated advice?, 'A Simple Life' big winner at Taiwan film festival Hong Kong's Ann Hui has won the best director award for her movie "A Simple Life" at T, Taunting, hanging on the rim for no reason what a douche., I know it's lightning and thunder outside, but if my signal is 4-5 bars, why did my AT&T wireless call drop? #horrible service, Looks like Google+ is trying again. Hopefully they do better than the first go-around., Listening to the MEH Greenewalt musical finding aids, you people are so abrupt . So rudr *angry face ! Suaalll ", "To dream a dog is eating a snake means a friend is trying to stop you from making a bad decision." Like drinking pickle juice b4 bed., then sure :p, I never realized how much I loved weekends until summer ended..., We went 2-1 today at the tourny at u turn we should've won though, Retweeting : Need a platform to collaborate with biz users. Suggestions beyond BaseCamp & Unfuddle?, we are always ready for a prickly pear!, Okay so imma finish this essay by 2 d:, They're nothing but "periodic SCARE TACTICS" put in place by the domestic terrorists in the American government., Finally home with Megan after a long but good day at work. This weather is beautiful! C:, This weekend >>>, Who's "In-tha-know" for saving me some money on tickets to see 'O' at Bellagio?? April 6th!, Catlett's linocut on cover titled My Role Has Been Important in the Struggle to Organize the Unorganized (1946-47) (1), Hey Justin, how old are you?, just finished a 15 page paper. It was either today or tomorrow..., editing drums and working on "tones" today... its gonna be a great day., I want some waffle house lol, When my hands go cold, my nails turn purple., Got drunk. Made a twitter, Kris Gethin of is an animal. Just when I thought he was finished on front raise he blast out 6 more. He raises the game, I love, A Stone Cold Stunna, victim Steve Austin, Last nite of the kids school TCAP test reviews + last of the tests 2moro morning = 3 happy kids 2moro afternoon. So proud of their work!!, tell me when tell me where, If I had a flower for every time you made me smile and laugh I'd have a garden to walk in forever ;) x, .... are we related?!? lol! where did you get thayil from?, good morning my love, Ok, want to know the definition of irony? - consisting of, attended with, characterized by, or containing iron: "Iron Man's suit is irony", Looking forward to tweeting with you!, make my following button blue?(:, I'm learning as fast as I can, but alas, I'm just not there yet. Someday..., thanks man!, Thanks Dick! Because of you we had Soul Train and Video Soul. Lord knows I saw a lot more of them than the Bandstand. :-), NSF Cyberinfrastructure Task Force on Grand Challenges a “must read”., Damn right I like the life I live! Cause it went from negative to positive., So the powers out at Golden Corral..., Many of my NYG tweeps on my TL will be split because of the NYR vs Devils series, Kidz Bop N*ggas in Paris: What’s Oodle, my Noodle? What’s Toaster, my Strudel? What’s drawing, my doodle? What’s that puppy, a poodle?, Coolin In Apple Bees :-D, can you please follow me im a big fan ! :D <3 and im planning on seeing never say never again with my sister, You're welcome! See you in Israel!, I wonder what I would do if I had multiple kids at age 21...hm enter the #NFLdraft ?, You red the Jobs book. I did too. Really interesting story to say the least., you're cool., is about to get the unfollow if he dont follow me back!, I'LL FOLLOW ANYONE AND EVERYONE! EXCEPT IF YOU HATE ON HE'S AMAZING:), But I'm really excited for the Aids Walk in New York. It's going to be so fascinating and a great experience. SUNDAY!, I'll be in Midlothian tomorrow @ the Bremen HS Craft Show 15203 S Pulaski from 9-3. Come check out all of my handmade bath & body products!, I've been a tea drinker the last few months. But today is an espresso kind of day. -_- z, Jonas Fans Are Powerful ¦¦¦, #IMISS you n u kno who u r..i wont explain wus understood..ily<3, What r u inventing today?, Check out this very special episode as we announce our top voted 2009 Viewers Choice Award Winners! This Sunday (1/31/10) at 6:00pm on KRON4, That is if holds this formation., I hate you, Like this if you like Real hip hop, Facebook changed their privacy policy again... be careful!, Thank you! They call me The Suit around these parts., Congrats on the SafeSyndication agreements. Does this mean those MLSs will follow your proposed Syndication Bill of Rights?, FTR, I'm not a big Green believer but I have no problem being terribly, terribly wrong., This Blister On My Hand <, Hallelujah! “: Newt Gingrich offers Obama use of a teleprompter. Finally, a GOP candidate who thinks black people can read.”, Married life is good. No complaints., Possible snow it November?? Love it!!, an yes, came yesterday, ok then let me in to the texas killing fields to hugo to kickass on hick this 500 days of summer then amityville horror will Hit Red Mist ha, good luck tonight chris<3 i know you'll do great(:, RT : pleasure meeting #MTVMade Pageant Coach Kyle Haggerty at Miss VA United States Workshop! Loved the tips !, You look great! Can we put your picture up on the website?, Looking forward to so much :), an aspirin a day cuts cancer risk. so what happens when you get addicted to that asprin?, Happy Birthday - world's best intern. Lucky to have you at !, And we'll be tweeting live from the car ride! It's a far ass drive y'all., wat I do??, #SomeoneIWantToMeet he's perfect. Nuff' said., I'm a hit you up, Our spring issue's coming along nicely, we're finalizing picks over the next 2 weeks. The deadline for summer issue consideration is 4/30, Thanks for all your #support #Denver soon we unveil the speakers of #ShineYourDivine #Event filled with #enlightenment #ascension &, pretty sure miranda wasn't easy and I dated her for awhile. And hmm she wasnt a hoe?! Wow, you got me., Listening to Somebody I used to Know right now because of I luv her so super much!¦, well if anyonr needs a little guidance...Masters and opening day iIknow where you'll be!!, haha yeah but they were like"Sabrina your a belieber account!" & crap so I got annoyed and made this! Lol haha(:, SFMOMA's party last night was pretty fun... I especially liked the part where LeLe kept making the crowd chant 'All-American Dildo Show.', Everything always makes sense until someone has a point., Watching #jerseyShore re-runs oh I love, Donor Action (donoraction) thanks for the follow., You really gonna do it too, huh? I was just phunkin' around.., Thank you! And I will post pics for sure! :), Brilliant idea. Have fun!, I see what this nigga mean, With KDC all day... time well spent. Loving him always..., Why does it make me angry when I'm up late enough to see, "Last Call with Carson Daly", RT : 2:33pm my Dad, Dr. Stanley Ralph passed on. Thank you all for your blessed prayers. Amen., The knicks bout 2 go fishing...the heat bout 2 bust that ass n the 4th, Someone must know RT do you know when the fish fry places does free fries? What week in the month is that?, Mind of a genius. Talent & Potential of a multimillionaire, a friend said he would stop by his son's school on the way home after partying & pick up trash so students will see clean environ, hmm i think either inside of you or saving grace... what about you?, Bit subjective there. I'm sure you could get any guy who played any sport to say it's the BEST., what is happening??, Did you click on the upload to screencast.com button once finished?, After capturing a small British force retreating to Quebec on the St. Lawrence 2 days ago, Gen. Montgomery has taken the city of Montreal., #Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 57F PARTLY CLOUDY, depends where they are in relation to the hoops but similar tickets were ~$1000+ for Chicago Miami. No real jump in prices, Can't wait to see the, LOL! Only when necessary., Love the new space! Very cool., o_o LMFAO . My Friend Said He Was At A Wedding Yesterday And Saw This Thingy With The Bride And Grooms Name And Asked His Brother +., idk im trying to find out!!, Thanks! It's been a great one., nothin to do......so bored, It was so good seeing you too!! Truly brightened my day! Xoxo RT : great seeing &lt;3, haha I'll be sure to stop by there!, Harden his mohawk and his beard keep going straight down the middle., i so get it. abbey and i were wandering aimlessly down the halls of flywheel-since you were away this week, looking forward to tomorrow's #gasparilla race in, From the unofficial biography, Daylight Savings Time., why can't I text you?? ):, it was a great conference. I think there will be recordings of the conference available at some point., Check out Strongwater's new song "Reality is Overrated"!, love that place...enjoy!, Dogtown and the Z-Boys Doc on ESPNClassic!!!, I am about to fall asleep., So this is how douchebags operate., I apologize to my followers about the tweet/picture/instagram overload this weekend. I get that way when I'm with friends and family. :), Lets go!, Yes sir!, Love love love this book - hope you do too!, Good Night Everyone, in the studio with the fam as he works on a exclusive track dedicated to his mother.. "Everyday", Meet and Greet:-)C, "Why are you down on my level, Mama?!?!?!", Special shout out to all of my #BoysOfWinter at #Verona HS...State Bound!! Congrats on getting to this point...now finish the job., Gotta whole lota money pot dat pussy fa me, I don't know how I'd survive without yogas, Word Big Cee..., #twitterconfession : the beard is getting shaved. longest iv been without shaving..i like it, but just not ready for it yet haha, great new pic. Love your legs :), well played., I don't think you have anything to worry about ;-) Besides, the flight to LA is pretty short. I'd commute!, Every #soccer team has'em. THE SQUINTER: This player always appears to be in pain., Ok so #bgc8 is my favorite season, I have a feeling you won't see this, but can I get a "hi" or a "be iconic"?, Don't skimp on the sauces, they're all amazing. RT Finally trying Chic-fil-a and am embarrassingly excited, I am checking on the status of this. I know it was logged as a bug earlier this morning. I will follow up with you shortly., Was this meant for me?? lol, Also, your heart between my teeth sounds splendid! Jolly good Bio! :), Sun in the 70s is a beast in Vegas, what's up when it really starts cookin summer-style, I lost alot to gain more than i ever had!!, Cons who commit their first SEX offenses in prison tend to become regular sex offenders after release. Demand action!, Great gig at the Hyatt downtown tonight., Are there booty call commandments to follow? #bigchat We want to hear from you about what you think about this, call in @ 727-441-3000., Wednesday is here! 1/2 price on all bottles all day! New Reds on our Wine List!, i hate school l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l, #401k Booth 419 Retirement Revolution. Complete Fee Transparency, 10,000+ load no load and ETFs, Lowest recordkeeping costs in the industry, RT At Serpentine Lido on a gorgeous London summer's day. Only slightly spoilt by "eccentric" oldies sporting thongs., Thanks for the RT's, guys! Really appreciate it. :), They ain't gone never learn., I'm interested in art only because it is "always dealing with new possibilities" -Ai Weiwei,, holy rattlesnakes, Develop a social media app by using outsourcers & quickly create a massive list in the high 6 digits, ": Oh, man. I hope this girl on the shuttle makes her flight! She's freaking out!" I hate that., i get to see my bitches and bambu tonight!!! <3, : and in pittsburgh off the charts. come back soon., Conversation == Argument, Finger Point == Tense Situation, Trying to leave Vegas to go help mom w/my Nana, who fell last night. Have moved 10 miles in 40 minutes, on approach to Hoover Dam., Forget the kids, whats your wife going to think!, well according to the playoffs they are one of the top 4 teams in the west... Right? Define "bad team" then? Lol, Good look bros shoot outs to you too, Me, too! It's hard for me to focus on audio books and get the story., are you in public?, Thanks for Following! And Hope to see you on June 7!, PMFI trying to go, some resistance at .01...., Thanks Liz! Same to you :-) x, Was wondering how subscribed titles wd be indicated in JUSP...manually? Sigh. #erl12 maybe easier since these are nation-wide deals?, RT : Tired of everything ~, Um, was that just an earthquake in Baltimore?! Everyone okay?, I heard you were the MVP of Wednesday night basketball?!? I wish I got to see you play!!, damn Marie put that blinker on flip the U and come back over, volunteers helping us set up our program and serve the #homeless this morning!, LOL. That happened quickly. RT : Update: "We've ended our freelance relationship" with Sarah Phillips, ESPN spokesman says., CMU students sing at the Campus Superstar FREE semi-finals SUN Feb 19th 7pm at Pitt's Wm Pitt Student Union. $5000 PRIZE!, no it's not lol!, Just so you know, can't live a life without commitments. No matter how hard you try., :) :) hey so where's your party at tonight?, Don't let me get in my zone!, gmail and android are terrible products for everyday users. huge opporunity for useful platforms here., So I don't even know if you're kidding anymore or are you just being this much of an ass?, No kidding. It's as if I was a student again (how I wish)! Have you been to #smbmad? If not, you should check out the next one..., Happy Monday, Pat!!! Hope you had a good weekend...good to see you here!, I vote that we get the goon squad together and go to a pirates game!(:, Sadly, yes! RT : Did you see the snow, Boone County?, RT - New England Patriots at Oakland Raiders Week 4 preview: A fan's ..., S2: Too much focus “beating competition” is an obstacle to business growth. Agree/Disagree/Why?, I have texted you!, #like RT I see sunshine!!!, Dear haters, I'm not your enemy. I'm your hero., I'm actually not there, this year am just lurking on Twitter, tho my coworkers will share info. :), Thank you, Emilio Estevez. #TheWay was a beautiful movie., Baby you light my world like nobody else, Thanks for the follow!, May 12,1942: Cabinet instructed Auchinleck that he must start an offensive in June., Going Fishing with my uncle :), dude! You just need to get a yea long gold membership!, That moment when your mom tells you to bring her a belt to whoop the hell out of your sibling, those were my, Let me hold you in these arms, with my 7 foot wingspan <3, Isnt it funny how the word "Biebliber" sounds like u believe in something Mythical or Magical... :)) LOVE YAH !!!, music and school is my life, Anyone wanna make plans for the superbowl?, Carpooling to coachella.., RT : happy birthday shoutout to the good bruh , make it a great one~ Thanks Good Brother!, I stepped in some dog doo doo today, i looked down and i heard my feet laughing n said to me "ok who's in controll now?, Golds Gym. yay or nay? anyone go?, Congrats on your win! When and where do you guys play again?, I wish that you were here, or that I was there. Or that we were together, anywhere., Gave a homeless guy some french fries at lunchtime, I didn't need them..., Oh thanks!, whatup danja! too bad we didn't get to chill more down in austin, just got back to chitown we gotta jam soon man!, YOU GONE DIE TONIGHT. In the litter box, Also, the acronym YMAEWK is for You Me and Everyone We Know, and if you don't know what that is, then that's fine too. We're very welcoming., love it & nature is neat, Nicely done., You say that a lot in our convos lol., “: : On a scale from one to America how free are you? My response: America” it's why I love you, I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime:))), zac efron is so not beautiful, Greetings from Natural Balance, Brooklyn NY. Hope everyone had a terrific holiday weekend...healing begins at home!, Thank you all new followers , unfortunately twitter won't let me follow anyone els until I get more followers. I'm trying though! Thankguys!, stoners watching soccer?...i had no idea. wonder what Jamarcus Russell is watching?, Thank you:)!, rt SinCity roller derby after party at The Queen Vic....hot hot Dj tearin it up 10:30, Did you buy one of our Manning T-shirts? Post a picture of you wearing it on our wall! We would love to see it, listening to Nine Days and ripping apart four months of work. surprisingly early-2000's and invigorating., Great idea!! Will try that., I followed iconicbelieber, Big fun! We play Omaha Summer Fest June 9. Great line up, being attractive is not an excuse for being a shitty person, Praise the Lord Jesus!!!, any others left that would make a WINNING ticket 2012? No-one is perfect & all have qualms- who's left?, RT Although its healthy I hate d taste of diet coke eww :(, PolitibooxUS Thank you for following! I look forward to future tweets!, Hey Julz! Missed you tonight at ICON! Hope to see you next week! Much love xoxo, Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" let it transform your space.- In-stock, totally agree, RT : , , , hosting "Neighborhood Beat", a free basic CPR and AED training on Janu..., Mozilla Firefox sucks when it comes to uploading videos anywhere -- , Vimeo, Facebook, you name it..., Hi Shelia I am. I will in box you in a sec, Everyone hold that one down!!!! #PLP have this! :D, bless up fam wats good ? How you like the new video ?, “: hey mama! How are you?”hello lady! How's u're injury, all better? I'm good--see u at Blogfest?, Would you and your brother kindly please refrain from airing your dirty laundry on the internet? Thank-you., #np High Regard - The Story So Far, Ugh Vernon Davis strikes again., I hate feeling like this., you gave been killing it recently. Love your posts. I set a colleague start on the civil war., i hope you recover youre ankle how bad is it, Out to dinner for mothers day ¦, “: ": right after you shave, and you get the goose bumps >>>>" once again <<< this is basic math skills sidney!” LOL!, would be great if we could be afforded the rights of the liberal state. I guess a camel jockey will always be 1., Lololol , You dig everything x) !, Ugh, make it 2 goals RT : We're into the third, still trailing by a goal., I know you're coming for the people like me But we all got wood and nails And we turn out hate in factories, And the tickets my boss gave me to the golf tournament on Saturday aren't helping it get here any quicker., best wishes & huges hugs to appendectomy/schmependectomy. she can do anything! :o), Yep. When I throw a tantrum, I don't script it first. I just let it go., 3 day weekend = •Sleep •Mall •Chill with mah bros, Everything is going well for me, trying to figure out my next step Post-JRP program. Looking for a growth position in marketing., Music time., Serious gaming: Have students develop a game for deep learning of a topic., [Psa103] FatherGod thru Lord Christ has forgiven all of our past+present+future iniquities & has also healed all our current+future diseases, The world is all gates, all opportunities.-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, It's official. Despite having a million of them, doctor is the most ridiculous nickname Shaq has., i cut my bangs too short so now i feel stupid, Go Ducks!, Did you watch the UNC-Duke basketball game? So painful to lose like that. :(, follow me diz ashley from 7th block lol i got my twitter back whoop, I think you are right!, RT : You know what, fuck everyone who acts superior because they're into house now but turned their noses up at it 5 years ago., #Celtics aren't fooling around. They know it's important to take a 3-1 series lead, something the #Bruins had to do but couldn't., Best of luck to you!! Thanks again for using ShowClix Jacqueline :), Im looking for something on ya tl and i found it there, It feel like a friday ., Its a type of accesory .. each individual design they own... but its a piece... ughh i cant explin but het concept is fye af, Got it, thanks!, I believe that your boat is in mint condition. But take the cover off and prove it. Sketchy ass Craigslist people, Todays def a #WhitneyHouston music kinda day! "How Will I Know....", In ever field day picture my mom took I look dead.., 5 more minutes?, No problem, voodoo app? Too funny and I agree lol And thank you for doing the same! ;) Thanks for the advice, I didn't forget-, Its a known fact that #theflaminglips kick ass, and if you don't know now you know., Who's got some new music for us to listen to?, its 11:11 make a wish, make a wish and say...i hope you come true <3, I was up first. I already got the worm., Thanks Nicole!! Hey there Snarky Puppy! Hook a couple of radio hosts up, please! We love what you're doing!, very funny LOL, Saturday tix for the scored! Stoked to check out five amazing films!, Be well aware the quality of t-shirt prints can vary printer to printer, sounds great! would love to meet!, Bacon Soda exists., kinda love those songs.. shot for me by Drake is good too :D, Insanity for 60 days then p90x for 90 days. The result of that should be me 60 to 80 lbs lighter in the best shape of my life., ..from work in trans studies, labour studies and neuroscience - but that's just my interdisciplinary cuppa., what was your 200 IM time?, I usually do wear a glove..., He's raking right now!! The Indians would rather have Johnny Damon though., Can you contact ? We'll take a look right away. Thanks!, First Name Shut B Pockets Cause iStayy Around Dhat Money Bro, I love Sundays. <3, Firefox 10's new inspector is actually pretty sweet looking., Aficionado just crushed it., Thanks! I seem to be up and running!!! :)), the magician?!, I vote tiff cuz she said she no how to work that damn thing, Thatt Niqqah Bout WEAK Ass Hell :(, When my boyfriend let's me jam to 1D in his car>>>>>, Randal, this time they blogged expenditure of energy, I'm in NYC, I watched my kiddo's play last night, sadly they weren't very clean and didn't make it to finals, some guard jumped her bones!!! Nasty, IMPORTANT QUESTION: DOES YOUR HOME LOOK LIKE A LAURA ASHLEY SHOWROOM?, Today while it was sprinkling, a DUCK waddled up my driveway. You don't see that everyday! Blackjack the cat was mezmerized!, Baby girl, turn me on with your electric feel, new interview tonight at 1standvine.tumblr.com. a very inspiring company, to say the least! check it out at 9 EST., Haha right? Like how could she have danced?, Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?, Just coped Da Gallon of Goose fina fuck the city up one time!!!!, Music Sup and songwriter? Impressive., Umbrellas are a death trap for tall people in NYC when it rains... There should be a PSA about that. "Short? Please lower your umbrella.", In this town? Someone is always watching you. ;-}, I'm a big fan of inclusion, and I think you bring up some great points., Week 1 being a vegan was tough. I need easy high protein recipes since I'm lifting weights., If you’re looking for something fun, Pike Place Market’s Arcade Lights is tonight., Best chat #reference question so far today: "Can i get my belly button pierced if i have mono?", Giving away Holiday World passes in 5 minutes...have your speed dial fingers ready to dial 239-1067, i don't understand this drug talk, Some people feel the need to have someone to "complete" them. These folks have issues ;), HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Your such a strong girl!!! Don't let anything stop you!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, Thanks for the follow, Chris...following you too..., A big thank-you to for organizing the nonprofit meeting held today. great people, great work- thanks again for all your support!!, C'mon Yuni! Find your happy place!, yeah I am because I am so freaking clumsy!! & I did not haha., hey auntie, I don't know who's cuter...you or !, Speaking from the heart. :), Did I just see an excuse for the Lakers? Hm....., 2 problems w/small government: 1) gov provides infrastructure, 2) gov provides basic protections. Neither happen under Libertarians., Thanks for the RT!, wtf is going on on #generalhospital lmfao I'm so sick of this #Jasam shit. Just break em up already, fuck., Happy Mother's Day, Mommy! How does she want to celebrate? "I just want to not cook and then watch Game of Thrones." O Annabelle..., Seeing the Blue Man Group at the Marcus Center? Stop by for dinner and we'll shuttle you to the door! No parking hassles!, Ref's need to learn the game before they become a referee, Beautiful Baltimore sunset tonight! Wow. Colors like that are an incredible sight to behold and so moving to the spirit within. Wow!, Congrats on making 332 calls tonight Michael! Keep up the good work!, “: Season Finale already? What was that, 4 episodes ??” <-, To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research., That I know I should have and now that I have wonder what made me wait., Then follow our page?, My vote is going for Wyclef Jean to become the new president of Haiti if he can only get The Fugees back together again., go out duh!, It's more than that. Those red banners are new., Senior Expo at Foundation House in Bothell is going well. Love meeting these folks with their great stories and experiences!, totally packed and very festive! Great day in #Fallbrook!, thanks for the shout out love & for the feedback on today's post, glad you enjoyed it!, Now or ever, Landon wins. It's irrelevant. RT : hey, help me out is the #LDvCD discussion about now or ever??, yeah, she has plenty of medications. Her doctor prescribed them to her., delicious looking marsala., secondary is the best, trust and believe.Middle school and elementary might seem easier uo until you hit the real life classroom, That awkward moment when you're taking a picture of your food to post it on twitter & everyone's just staring at you., I didn't know you were a George R.R. Martin fan! I love the ice and fire series, even before it became a show., Oh, PLA, why can't you end nicely? The 8pm Megabus to NYC just left. Does that mean my bus won't get here until 11?, Word! RT : I know that feeling., I like how I have 2 be told by my team "no humping the dance floor atFridays party" what kind of person do they think I am?!, Ahh. Hearing their voices just makes me meltt. <33, count me in, : Next book will be on family as a system., thanks Sam! :], We can. Give me a call at 786-800-2510 and let me know if I can assist you in anything., A couple more minutes >_<, I shouldn't have to wait more than two seconds for anything to load. It's civil rights. This is the 90s., via - NHL Playoffs Frequently Paused For NHL Pledge Drive, I can't. Alas, I am but a concept. But maybe other campers can!, Too soon to end the Rogers as a SP pipe dream?, #Toros Title celebration scheduled for Monday 7pm at Cedar Park Center., #YouNotUglyBut that sound u make when u open your mouth .......... No, Put some stankk on it!, Get me two pair, cuz I need two pair., this is true :) life's always better with a little petty ;), Blepharitis is inflammation of the eyelid. It can either affect the front (anterior) or the inner eyelid (posterior)., Get Austin Mahone Verified, Quote of the Day: Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see. -Schopenhauer, Heh. I love "awards" with an entry fee., Thanks for the RT!, you will be mine someday., Flipped through channels & saw a CNN doc on Bin Laden & then wrote an essay abt how much he messed up the world, I don't know why I told Happy Birthday?! I'm dumb :b Happy Birthday have a great day girlie! :), I can't wait to get the goods this year!, no fair! I look like Quasimoto!!!, I'll have my picks for the #KentuckyDerby on #TheBigCheeShow Friday at 5PM., “: Anyone on DrawSomething wanna play? :P” leash524, Hey! Yey Holts! Hope your weekend is fantastic!!, Hey , thanks for the follow. You provide a great, innovative service. You are one, cool, green endeavor., with 11 min. to go in 1st half Duke is losing to NC St. 16-6 That's #4 Duke, the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht, Take advantage of the anabolic window (up to 30 min) post workout and have a well balanced snack., #njinnovation. Call for more engineers. They are right. Jobs Council making same recommendations, Enormously excited to see 's taping tonight. I'm a huge fan; that guy's talent is outrageous., Breaking News: Romney Lies Again ~ Nose Crosses Atlantic ~ Spotted In France, #waystosayyourbreathstinks " I think We should Start Brushing Our Teeth More Often , Maybe Even Before Bed :)", Everyone have a safe st pattys night, she'd be a valuable player, especially pushing out that taxi and doing the Tebow on stage LMFAO, this tweet will get 1000% more retweets than ones that didn't involve abortion, RT : SB: Georgia Southern evens the score with a bases-loaded walk in the top of the second. 1-1 heading to the bottom half., Just saw Ron Paul on 4 News Stations as I clicked the clicker. America is starting to appreciate the Freedom Message!, OK....."listen to the band" is my new mantra. thanks AJ!, blue pear, the newest hipster joint, good texmex food poolside; Dinks is surprisingly good, too., For your viewing pleasure, follow:, follow me please:D, really? i didnt know?! sneaker heads make me richer lol :), Sorry web went down. DM me with where to send the flipbooks-Issue#2 will be out 8/27 ., u can say the nicest things about urself lol, When your people bond out today, have em call me! 713-222-7577. I'll take care of it, for sure, Cleaning my room and putting ALL the things away. Then homework, band, and more homework., Folks, the market is like a river. You can hope to shape it, but you can't make it flow uphill., I need to be a better spanglish writer!!, DJ Mysterion is in the building!, Thanks 4 your support! Let's keep spreading Spanish culture in the US!, Yes ma'am, Friday the 27th. Shrine Circus. Love., seeing the avengers !, HOW DO YOU HAVE SO MANY FOLLWERS?! your not cool?(:, Haha, well, there's that. Lots of ppl livetweeting tho., Omg I don't get paid enough for this shit!, + charades = awesomeness!, I wrote a joke with "ninja-vitis" as a punch line. It will never be repeated., going to have a #wildrumpus at storytime today, At L&L! Hollaaaaaa, so I'm sure you know that James Franco is in Arlington....nobody will take me to the thingy.im sad :c lol, Pls 4low me when u get a chance. U'll b happy u did due 2 a Feature Film Bidness Proposal 2 STAR, Confederacy had belligerent rights., God will replace everything you lost. If He asks you to put something down, it's because He wants you to pick up something better., hey Justine. How's NY treating you? Rollexband's still rolling.kevin said he talked 2u recently. @ a fun jazz hit., sweet! i'll pay you back for that and I'll contact the company and see if they'll let us split it :), i wanted youu but you chose her !, ya. And I'm gonna be taking pictures and recording a video for them, I totally did that for real. And for the very same reason., thanks - sent a fax to the gift card dept. It was definitely stolen, but I have the original receipt., :P oh shush I wasnt thinking properly:X, I'm only myself when I'm skating & listening to music., "Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." Alfred A. Montapert, Tastes delicious, gotto try it. No way, no additives! “: u blend that up? what does it taste like? Any additives?”, i hate where i live -- got to move., happy birthday to me -Justin \m/, Robert gotcher playing live now.... Awesome:), I cant believe we're going to lose a series to the sox. Oy., I'm not sure! She didn't reply yet do idk :/, We can help with that! Send us your coordinates!, Omg. Jordin Sparks is getting too skinny now. I know you want to be healthy...but come on., Thanks for the RT and spreading the word!, Sacramento needs a gateway, a welcoming sign. Here's one "Welcome to Sacramento, find our coupons on Qponomics for your smartphone!, I'd like to ask Damone the secret behind awesomely arched eyebrows!, So totally crazy! Me neither!, Yes, Glenn Beck Has A Brand New Set…As Well As An Exact Replica Of The Oval Office, l'oreal has a great one called decrease. Its like 8 dollars at target!:), Can't believe like 8:30am it was only 37 outside!!, Brad Ross likes to "drop the gloves". But not with just anyone. More on at 11., Dat dude young wanting change and running is mouth starting shit was lucky I was with Neva or he would got knocked the f*ck out!!!, 54 year-old man eats his 25,000th big mac and is still in good health, HUH?!, Thanks, Rachel! :), I think most resented being labeled. Even though this state votes heavily R, most truly believe they're independent., Hey guys, sometimes people write some crazy ish on sports message boards. Seriously., Its always good to have a couple of drinks with your boy while you talk about how great life is.., Ghost rider 2 looks awesome!!! nick cage is the new nick cage. and The rock is the new Brenden frasier with Journey to and gijoe, we missed each other by about 12 hours., Good day at #SDLFF: "Io Don Giovanni" (now that's the way to enjoy opera!), "Libertador Morales", "Cosas Insignificantes", & "Birdwatchers"., No worries. What's the week after that look like? We're pretty flexible - any day y'all might be interested in., Which Bond Movie?, if you want the recipe, i'm hear to make that melancholy tea., You cannot dream yourself into a character: you must hammer and forge yourself into one. Henry D. Thoreau, Rainy in S.A. Yes!, Love me some ! Think I've watched that talk at least a half-dozen times., Read your post on the 311 App, if you really want to understand our selection process I would be happy to talk to you., One of the greatest songs ever... RT : #np bobby caldwell "what you won't do for love", yay thank you, friend!!! hope your schoolwork goes swimmingly that weekend, so you can make it! :), Want to know more about Kona Coffee? Meet up with growers from Mama's 100% Kona Coffee 7am at Keauhou Bay Coffee Co. on Saturdays., #FF Gregarious guys, gives grins & grimaces. Go get him!, I haven't played spades since Harriet Tubman was in 3rd grade, Emmy is pissed off you didnt call her any names "pea brain", you too!! It was a beautiful day here...lol hence the reason for moving :), Sweet! Looks like a cool project., Clients remember successful projects and unresolved issues. How do you want to be remembered?, are you kidding? Ask me where I am on Sat/Sun around 3:00pm...it's like my own witching hour...., Here's a question for ya...help a girl out;) Where do you live, and are you happy there? Why/why not? #whereshouldilive?, You can either pick up (pdx or hillsboro) or we can mail a limited selection of items (not everything would survive in the mail)., 100% of all lunch sales today go to benefit "Girls to the Rescue". SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. GIVE BIG!, Step a little closer to the bed, Red..., Spread the word! RT : Hey congrats on the commitment to feeding families in Africa through !!! -ZS, I know right. I thought he liked tenis for some reason lol, Let's start a petition for more sun in Chicago, and see how many signatures we can get, Fwd:Msg: Pass the heart <3 to everyone who had ever made yu laugh, love, smile or has been there for yu. Hope i get one back!, home with rents always sound a little like #socialwork too :/, "is this wifi organic?" "Netflix me", I probably listen to Call Me Maybe at least once a day, Still skimming book of dog breeds: Chinese Shar Pei. Immediately flashed on Separated at birth, possibly?, <--- Why yes. I do! ": I need some new people to follow....suggestions?", That blows., thanks ihad a other twitter but i fogot my password so i made new one, Watching bridesmaids!! <3 it!!, Apple store = hell, That moment when your dog suddenly sits up and stares intently at nothing for like 30 seconds. Pretty sure now that my house is haunted., My life is a mess right now:( iloveyou!, Working late finishing a semester's worth of grading, digging your grooves. Thanks., Yeah yeah yeah, I couldn't even tell you what might jeans are. I usually get clothes like that from Macy's or Von Maur., This account is so 2010 -- the are now tweeting from Come on over and check us out!, we have some great friends in festival & ! I'm sure there will be some great collaborations!, is at Booth #707 stop by & get a $25 #Chiropractic kit for #FREE! They're going quick!! www.sombraUSA.com, i wish i could do thatt..., whoop whoop on a Friday!, skype only comes up when you forget to call me back, “: Figured with CFB over it is time to change the twitter pic!” is that a men's ball??, OH GAWWWD!!!! NOW IT'S #POOKIE! Lord have mercy!, I texted my mama at like 3 o'clock and told her I was home. Why she JUST text me back and say "ok" ? lmao, Alum Board Chair Boyce Legg: "Stay involved and stay connected to Lynchburg College. There's never been a better time to be an alum.", Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought., How many points is Dez going to squirt me with?, - seriously, the iPad app is HORRIBLE. Please fix it's buffering issues. I'm on a Corporate network, so doubt it's me., i see yall doin yall thing tho man. Im proud of yall. Much succes, u kno i always got yall back in this game, “ wow, ! “: Sex with a #Gemini is unforgettable!””, B.E.T is airing a wonderful tribute to Whitney's music. #ALWAYSLOVEYOU Let's remember her music not her life...we all fall short..., frisbee time in central park with, lmao... Oh...idk...I wasnt gonna check into, anymore so ..., Huh? ": Estimated annual gain in economic productivity if EVERYONE had a toilet: $225B. What are we waiting for?", Those Astros/Colt 45s jerseys DO look pretty sweet. I'd wear one of them, and I HATE the disAstros..., Indeed, it would be less unseemly if he were a railroad coolie instead of one of his era's most dominant pitchers., Love, love, love final exams -- if someone makes money off of them. But if Pearson can't profit, what's the point, right?, Chat chat chat chat There, I got it out of my system for awhile, we're featured in the iTunes newsstand as "New and Noteworthy", and "Staff Pick" in the Apple App Store!, RT : Why did cross the road? To get to ! Today's deal is ACTUAL comedy, for just $10!..., that is a typical buford against quality teams....kentucky game again..choker, LOL! Lyndz! That's funny stuff!!!! ;-), have a safe flight <3, For anyone at #bblatin at Orfanato showcase looking for nice cocktails and snacks walk two steps to Corner Bar on N Miami + 10th, I can tell you are in LA., I had such a good day. Hung out w/ friends, like old times. #memories = ), #jdy2012 live tweeting dinner w, Death by stereo, Had an awesome rehearsal with today for our gig at gilt bar on tuesday! Also, lilly's tonight!, OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG ..... IDK, There is a girl that looks just like #caseyanthony in, Textbook White Person: going to Plaid Pantry to get Mac n' Cheese., i'll save you ¦, i dont understand!, Silence is wise, is human love, mourn and forgive is brave is humble.<U+2661>, - LitFuse - Totally agree... it keeps getting worse., Nothin' means nothing, Home. Recovery from: Sickness Gym Life And myself., Happy Thanksgiving. Lots to be thankful for. Hoping to having more blessings next time around to be thankful for, It is tomorrow! don't forget. Latino night at Salute! 46 East Superior. Starts at 6pm. Italian Margaritas at $7. Let's start the party!, Lol so easy to cheat in spanish, Boehner disses presidency, Obama takes it? Obama should show up Saturday without Boehners approval. the president can go where he wants, omg what she have on. SHE RATCHET !!!!!!!!, Hey twitter followers..... sorry stuff has been goin on nd that is y i havent been on but im back lol :), yeah. 2 words: wedding planning., Thanks for inspiring me! I'll get right on it!, I got it going 7 But LeBron will take over., they're not anymore ;D, what type of diaper are u going to use for Lucas???, I signed up for PSSC's Kickball League. I will be able to use my high school soccer skills more effectively than I could in dodgeball., damn! I had no idea..I would have been 1st on line had I known. ;-) Drinks soon PLEASE, Lovin the costumes or MadMen tribute on today. Can't decide if I like Woody Paige or Bob Ryan more., I can't stop smiling, Whenever a post on Facebook tells me to not keep scrolling, I always speed up my scrolling, We will be in your area sooner than later :), **REMEMBER if you REFER a FRIEND, you'll RECEIVE $8 bonus bucks to use towards FREE TANS, UPGRADES, and LOTIONS!**, “: “: They are never on time!” blackies.” Haha, #moversli available tomorrow afternoon, Saturday afternoon, Sunday morning times available, looks like we got canned...no longer on the dc list., This Friday I will be at Governors Comedy Club at 10!!!, I'm not short!!, I love how Pinot Noir is all, "I am NOT Merlot.", Atleast its not pee... RT : My cat decides to walk all over my car with his dirty paws.., haha yeah people these days are cray! I'll be in NY Thursday!, thanks Rick :), ARE YOU SERIOUS? WHY LEAVE HIM ON THE FLOOR!! We are up 12 with a minute left. Kiss the championship goodbye. BYE!, thought you would like to know that there is a :), RT : Just bought my new journal for the year. Only one worth having :D, no i can too!, gahhh! dad's in surgery... and its taking forever :(, hey what happened to your FB page ???, can u please tweet it to Me!!!, And it's all I've ever known. When I'm in Washington, I'm at a loss. Usually friend(s) do that for me., Come get your cigars at booth 1877! They are going fast #PGAM12 First day, 100 Flags for 100 Years will teach girls the importance of and patriotism in properly retiring the US flag., You missed some great lamb chops this morning !, Tierney Fairchild on #turnaround: We have got to talk about race and poverty. #edleaders at SREB Leadership Forum., shopping the holidays online with the pungle.me app is one of the best ways to give back!, 30 minutes of sleep at a time... Is that all you've got tonight?, what the heck are you watching right now?! SO RANDOM!, His tone is so even. I'm watching the same plays going, "OMG WTF WAS THAT" & he's like, "Bro, it's alright, that's illegal.", what's posted on the walls in the background?, I'm so tired... I wish this day will end already!, True dat! I hear you're home. We should catch up sometime., There are only two kinds of people I hate in this world. Those who are intolerant towards others' cultures and the Dutch., Always be thankful of those who love & support you, Dave Holland, "Critical Mass", The Leak., Hey - thanks for the note. Unfortunately, no shows. I'm not to that point yet. Looking for a supporting band., think about all the awesome non-juice stuff you could eat on $50/day!!, blah go to the kitchen and cook me something Nina!!!! :), lol no campaign just reality. Happy Monday., what's up David! Nice to see you on the twitters!, Watching Never Say Never on, Thank you, Billy!!, I am sure will tell me bout it!!!, Don't be afraid of chile heat., And we have a Winner Alex Bourne! Msg us your address & shirt size & we'll take care of the rest!, RT : the only concert i ever waited in line for to get tickets was for the beast boys. enjoy the cosmos MCA, This #FF is dedicated to only :), I gave my grandma some curry because she wanted some. Then complained cause it was too hot. Now her stomach hurt. Lol, I know everything happens for a reason; but sometimes i wish that i knew what that reason is., “: Espindola is a classless hack.. I hope the Frenchman gives him a lesson. #SportingKC”. THIS!!, Sorry for the late notice, but our phones will be closed this afternoon from 4-5pm ET for some team-building. Reg hrs resume tomorrow., awe.... You had fun? You didn't invite me :(, Imagination is the highest kite one can fly :), The simplest schoolboy is now familiar with truths for which Archimedes would have sacrificed his life, So, obviously you should just move here already. No-brainer., Catholic League action today @ Ashburn vs. Father Judge 3:45pm. BP @ 1:30 - Looking for a sweep this week against the boys from Mayfair., Happy Birthday!, I love this! Chatting on here to someone from KY and my long Australia Jaren!, iRockz My Heart On My, #monday Fresh start every week., here at home...laundry, Hi - you should take a peak for a phone system - feel free to connect w/ happy customers &, Good morning Seattle and Happy St Patrick's Day!, mental health is such a beast. People spend so much time chasing behaviors & wasting $$$ & time. Do u work child/adolescent?, makes me laugh lmao, Congrats to #Bills on making things happen! My Question: #10 pick now- WR, OT, CB all make sense, or should they take another pass rusher?, LOVE YOUR HAIR <3, God morning, in NJ almost in NYC. :D, Britney Spears confirmed as a judged on the XFactor....NOW that's gonna be good!!!!, Who Needs Words, When Forever's In The Silence...., Where is that?, How does Seattle feel about #Justin Bieber? Is he a plague on the masses or your personal idol?, New coupons posting daily on twitter and Facebook starting in December!, looking forward to the tweetup this afternoon HAPPY Friday!!!, Challenge of creating something this is the creation of "Unified Medical Language System" which interrelates concepts in an ontology, Thank you so much! I read SLEEPING IN VELVET when it came out. ;-) oxoA, its amazing how all the dudes i wished would call me b4 the relationship r comin out the woodworks now., what up bro give me a email to send music to? 1luv, Last paper of the semester has been officially submitted. WOO, Nice customer service, but waited 3 hours then sent plumber home after paying $49 after choking on bid., The Leaves just played there recently!, "SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS!" "Grandma, please, put down the syringe.", Traffic on the road to las vegas is the best. -_-, In other words, I'm giving them a ton of credit and think they've definitely earned what they've achieved., Isabel, can you tell me what didn't go well for you? Hate that you didn't love it., It's a surprise! ;), Why did I just fall off the bed because of this dog? Bed hogger. -_-, Being single is not an excuse to be a hoe., Always be there for your friends. you never know when they might not be there anymore<3, Disappointed on how today is going, I voted for him!!, I sort of kinda remember that day..., me too girl fran, Pei Wei Mandarin Kung Pao is inferior to Spicy in every way. It just tastes like soy sauce., Happy Mother's Day!, fast to die and soon to be forgotten?, Idk how all these gay one direction followers got in my newsfeed. But they definitely have to go., Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye, I'm gonna goal it towards two words, no three words: Onward, upward & far-ward!, uh wishing I had that red velvet cake !, With and getting ready to discuss city priorities. But first a piece of pizza from joe squared., Yes and double yes. Thanks for tweeting the link, Tim. You're good people. Stew, do you have a review online yet?, yep. i totally do., Half marathon in 9 days-- probably about time to get some new running shoes!, #SomeFactsAboutMe I was always late, until I got a ! Now I always know what time it is., Tried to get tickets to Avatar for tomorrow & it's sold out. Almost 2 months after release! Crazy. Going on Monday now., yasssss! Omg!! And LOVE AND BASKETBALL.however #WTE is still numero uno in my book! ;), you and I might be featured for tweeting back and forth while I was in a plane ,000 feet in a quote!, #networksolutions really needs to update their hold music., Yes! Would have to remember that, if I didnt die! Haha :), I miss u! You should ask ur parents if u can come stay at ur tia's house for 4th of july weekend!, "the three wealthy Crawley daughters, reared like veal, though sharp as vipers.", #RedSox #MLB RT Per ESPN: Baseball that rolled through Bill Buckner's legs in 1986 World Series sold at auction for $418,250., can you and Katherine join us for Christmas??????, #MyPastRelationships don't hold a candle to the one I am in now., LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE** #tonefide 4, Finna go get another tat today full of them barz, Overeem's attorney: The injection he was given was for anti-inflammatory. We will produce vial for inspection by NSAC., I've submitted as potential presenter. Is there time table for notification on that? I will book a table if not selected., My past is blocked off so now i only see the future., But HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone! I'm thankful for all my friends and family for sure. Excited to head to NYC very soon from Philly!, #1DFact When Louis bored,he says he'll poke Harry to annoy him., hahahhahahash that was honestly the funniest thing I have ever seen in my entire life!!, Me too, its a huge ecological disaster in the making. As a Brit, I apologize for BP. No new offshore drilling!!, Someone get their nails done with me(:, Don't forget, next week, WEDS 5/9 1pEDT join for the #CustServ edition of, realizing who my real friends are., #TwinAnchorsBBQ welcomes all families & ages. We love to see families eat some great #ribs & have a great time!, Nice having around when grad students drop in to ask questions about !, Yes.. I stopped playing xbox to talk to her(:, Have a great weekend!, After #7Daysofsex it looks like a hatchet wound, We are looking for Coldfusion programmers here in Wisconsin. Our company is growing rapidly and have great opportunities for motivated indi…, DJ Dog Dick. This exists, apparently., Mr. Cranky Takes NY Times to Task for 'Harmful Obscenity', on my way back from SD, bought 4 random cds at random record shop. big winner was Lambchop "Mr. M". late night long drive record FTW., Deadly force should ALWAYS be your LAST option., I asked what's for dinner. He said dolphins. I have a feeling if this is true, I won't be around tomorrow..., "take it back to my hotel", glad you like it, will do the next time I'm in Madrid. Love your city!, Who else has no money to pay their rent this month?, RT : Frustrated tweet, even better., The Dictator starts at 7 >>>>, #PrayForMike my friend got hit by a car please pray for him, I need to get a new phone...tired of this damn thing not working. Smartphone my ass -___-, u do the same., I miss you more ! :( a couple more weeks!!!, 2 free periods, 2 tests, and 1 movie, easy day.., "The only thing I'm missing is enough money and my court dates." -- Slim Dunkin, Order sent to Erin in IA!, Brooklyn is the new black in NYC. Check out for a great place to stay and hv a cup of while you're there., Don't get me started..., Excellent! Congrats! (BTW, I've been digging your posts on the research workflow.), Np! <3 THIS IS GREAT! I COULDNT HAVE THOUGHT OF A BETTER PICTURE! GO TO MY PROFILE IT LOOKS AMAZING! :D, I love DC! It has been years since I have visited. I love going in the spring during the cherry blossom festival!, #Nuggets Lawson- Love this team and we're good at every position. I want to be here long term., hahaha! Hope u didn't miss your flight.. That would suck! Wtf r u doing in a Minnesota airport anyways?, Looking for a GREAT venue for this summer's company outing? Think ! Your staff will love you for it! :), Episode 2 of airs this Wednesday!!! Don't miss my guest appearance as Rosie & the VERY talented Angie Light as my girlfriend!, If you are going to Milwaukee Film Fest tonight I'll be at the Oriental. Not sure what films I'll be at for sure but if you see me say hi!, make me some!!!!, I will give as many high-fives as possible today, Professor Nuts, Charlie Chaplin, King Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie McGregor,, That's the one! Lol, Just bought Stone Brewery's barbecue sauce! Can't wait to try... pulled pork for Memorial Day? I think so!, lol, that's why our relationship isn't working!, Later Twitter :D, Im glad that people think a semester of a class is enough to know all about tech theatre…., Another great week with, .. With millions of followers and dont give there fans the time of day.. Fuck it hire someone to do it for ya... One day, They say time is the fire in which we burn. - Dr. Tolian Soran, Star Trek: Generations, Rudy Gay!, Good luck and have fun! RT : Last day of Futsal camp, next will be universal studios and Disneyland !!!!!, RT : #FF Thanks for the mentions & RTs this week! via, dang u never at work, I wish I had some chicken to tandoori., Predictable. “: ...and buys the table tequila shots. #uhoh”, Barely slept, now I'm up finishing a brief primer on George Clinton. I guess there are worse things I could be doing on two hours sleep., I'm on the draw something bandwagon. Jisaacson. Look me up an see how bad I am at drawing with my finger., my hair is so short, oh mi god., Watchin' a video about installing an above ground pool. Woo. Feel the excitement. =P, Schedule an appointment today or tomorrow and save $10 on the office call!!!! Please metion this tweet when scheduling your appointment., Next: Clare Richie from up. Discussing what fed TANF cuts could mean to the state budget., Happy to celebrate #BLOOMSDAY with Plays & Players , and, Are you religious? Because I'm the answer to all your prayers, Wtf you take me for? Nigga show love!, It's awesome, back like it used to be. Props to everyone keeping the peace RT : You are braver than me!, Your phone wont ring all day, no calls from me anyway.....whats next to say?, Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? They're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have., Somebody text me., he's for muscles now yayaysya and u have to admit sick ass dance moves, I love music so much I want to take my radio and smash it into my face., How was last night?, you know you're a city reporter when publication time stretches well past midnight. Nice work at council mtg., Happy Mothers Day!!, Time to get buff, bra! Goin' to the gym, liftin' weights, seein' manly bods at the gym. Awww yeah, Bitches love it when you tell them somethin nice in Spanish., I really do not see any thing intriguing tonight, BESIDES ASTROS what do you guys think is the best headset you can buy for your xbox? HELP ME OUT! that doesnt squeeze your brain to death ha, yea, its a tumblr thing. Lol, Coupon code JULY3 is still in effect at the moment, we will be adding a new coupon for August shortly..., Starting to get into this art shit that everyone's had their collective taint in a bind over for the past few years., Forget the celchick,but will a Hawks player guard KG,anyone,that guy should not be beating yall,he is 90 yrs old, Yankees win on a walkoff wild pitch!, Is enough ever enough???? No, it isn't ever..... Lol! Just go with it ;-), dug up my mom's old record player, along with over 300 45's,and a bunch of old one hit wonder bands from when gran was young, Hear at 12 PM tomorrow. Also enjoy free yummy refreshments like samosa, pakora, masala tea and sweets!, They are such hot heads., trying 2expand on our BOOM (brain owners operating manual) project from last year- and also to assess progress/kid much work 2 do, hello handsome;), the pains of being older. someone take her the glasses. get your lazy asses up., Happy Fourth to you Ms. Oneal...hope you had a nice weekend : ), Newsroom argument between Veda and Diane on the merits of flowers as a Mother's Day gift. "They just gonna die!" "Everybody likes flowers.", While working on the Villarreal story, we noticed something strange about a setup involving another area spokesperson., We're still fighting for survival, and every day getting the rug pulled out from under us, Nungesser says along the way, Indeed, I do like it ~ well done! X Jazzy, I told my friend that if the boys are at Logan this weekend she's coming. she said okay and told me I was a stalker... I know that, 1000's of vacant homes across America in need of repairs equal jobs now America!!!!! No one is talking about this but me., awe love you!!!!, Congratulations! Did you do other sports/exercises at the same time you were doing those workouts?, watching On H.B.O Funny., In the words of my mother 'It is hot to trot.', Hoping God Send Me A Blessing Real Soon... I Need It... I Deserve It... <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>, There is nothing more embarrassing from my past than the email adresses I picked for myself., Start living your life intentionally, rather than randomly. Don't settle for the default setting., 5 TD games are a dime a dozen. 4 HR games aren't. Would you applaud a perfect game?, Rest in peace Gloria... </3, I actually haven't. No one is replying. Would you like to help me with my project?, Tired of poor and costly production and lighting? JSL Production is a leader in tour and event production for CCM industry www.JSLPRO.com, Really like portman's dress, Just Grindn! I Lost yo Contact DM me i got a BIG video shoot needa talk to yu bout it!, I like it! Very diverse and fully bodied. Would you be interested in a #free #personaltraining session?, oof, I thought an hour and 20 minutes was pushing it and that doest even leave time for cc., Thinking about tiling your back splash, painting or carpeting your family room - well the holidays are growing fast upon us call for a f ..., Freshman mistake. That's a lot to put on a true Ducks newbie, and turnovers so far are the only real difference, I LOVE "We Are Conquerors"! London 2012 Olympics? 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil?, Cool, let us know when your reservation is and we'll see if someone is available., What happened?!?, I miss you more! I'm very excited to see you tomorrow! <3, Good Afternoon my fellow Grinders.. Let's reach for the star$ !, Congrats to Coach Lucia and on their win tonight!, my birthday is sunday follow me to king of diamonds vip all the way tweet follow me to kod @ miamiblackkod, Whata a beautiful day. Can't wait to go out and enjoy it <3, your aren't too bad to look at yourself, Happy Mother's Day to all the Rockin' Mammas out there! I hope you get spoiled rotten. We'd be lost without you!! X, my ultimate is irregardless and regardless! Makes my skin crawl!, I hope Fantasia is okay, my thoughts on this is Alicia keys did the same thing and nobody criticized her, damn., You're welcome (:, sup home slice hows it hangin, almost 3 months in, and I still haven't gotten into this whole Twitter thing. way too many tweets to keep up with, 160 characters is never, "Damn baby look bad 4rm the back........ ah she ight 4rm the front' lol, Do you prefer C++ or Java?, Have left overs from all those holiday meals? It's time to throw them out and get back on your fitness goals now. Don't wait till 1/1/11., It's SO nice out, and it's only the 2nd nice day since it rained all week. The #library is crazy busy! Huh., RT "I'd like to talk about politics, but first, a little 'Foggy Mountain Breakdown'" - RIP Earl Scruggs, Thank you for the follow, have a great day!, <3 You're amazing(:, mom you yell at me for stupid things, BA is excited to have all 3 of you, and come enjoy San Diego with us! :), I like Target so I hope they make it right., : When I see you, my heart beats a little faster. My stomach feels a little lighter. My smile shines a little brighter. ¦, lol yes sir!!!, "in reality its you that i really want ,but sadly he's the one i need ", Want do you wanna hear tonight? Hit me up via FB for your song request! #SnowSunday on The Brew 104.9fm, Why am I still effin up, "I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not" RIP Kurt Kobain, Me too, (btw, was sorry to miss your Skype presentation. Everyone said it was incredibly informative., huh? What are you talking about?, I cant sleep!:(, new iPad looks pretty cool. curious to see the new garage band version..., I just like that its a second example of Tony's attention to detail (first being Galaga)., Broad shows that level of dissent when he AGREES with the umpire's decision., i am not perfect; i am not my mistakes. when I'm weak, He is strong., No one would dare judge your dinner. We've all been there! Bon Appetit!, man, 2 weeks in a row! Right back at you : ) have a great weekend!, W00t!! There goes my Audible credit! “: The Goliath audiobook, read by , just appeared on the iTunes store!”, HAHA PXY JR, he's not a fucking Burger King burger! What supps?, Chicago is rooting for the original 6! #GoLocal #chicago Go Bruins!!, About 20 in line at hibbett, Thanks! Lets be honest our students rock! I hope I'm not to old for camp & that GINORMOUS Water slide!, Missed the first happy hour? Lucky for you we run a late night special starting at 9 p.m. too! Everyday Mon-Sat. Only at the Tuna., RT : Fun #TechMunch panels on brands, PR, blogs, publishers and great views at Annenberg, Hello Everybody! :) Good Morning!!! :), Your beautiful, what is your problem? Keep my family out of your hate!, Lady Jakes! Please for the love of GOD, don't let the world know, we do take naps during service in the Baptist & COGIC Church! LOL WAKE UP!, Just posted more photos of Victorian Yonkers.....enjoy!, Question that #sdcouncil of course never will ask: Is there a better ROI available elsewhere?, SPURS WIN 114- 83 Total Domination!!, Wow! There were a lot more than I thought there were, lol. I finally found u., dang it you beat me on the dude one :(, “: Mention me your Instagram you guys, so I can follow you !” <==== josh_no_drakebell!, O another game 7, Grizzlies & Clippers who we got, Finally it's May! :)<U+E057> Summer is getting closer, 18 days left <U+E404><U+E40A>, Idc what anyone says, Lebron is overrated, If you put an order in with us already, it will be ready this week!, Unless you are in to that sort of thing., LOL... I'd like to see that in person. Hahaha, oh, no! we'll check into that and fix it!, GOD DAMN #S\o to my new followers Sexy af, Getting out of school at 10, Goodnight Seouls. I've been on all day and I have to get up early tomorrow. n.n ttyl~, Bill Fletcher giving us laborious history lessons., thanks buddy, every little bit helps!!!, The future is taking shape now in our own beliefs and in the courage of our leaders, dm me your number, ill text you., After an 0-2 Wed now 3-4 for the week. CBB Early games for Thursday: Colorado State +5 & Montana +9. I'll be back later today w/later games., 'To a worm in horseradish, the world is horseradish.', Well then Thats your problem , Not mine ., What happened in london?, TWEET TWO!!!!! LA spirit baby....LA spirit, Nice eve out with friends! Never fails-met ANOTHER Mother w/sad story who lost everything due to Ashworth.Doyne.Love.Sparta. Dad's $$$ win, I can finally get on with my life. Brad and Angelina are engaged., Coach Huber talks with Amobi Okoye on FOX Sports 1620am tomorrow at 7:30am about upcoming mission trip to Nigeria., lol just looking for handy tips! i love food so I can't help but ask, besides! ya know i'm a sucker for brits ;), I realize this is NYC &diversity/tolerance are staples but do you realize you're kinda hefty &just ordered half a chocolate cake?, Look for purple vans tomorrow! Lol., Did you subscribe for the #deal then? ;) RT : BEST STORE EVER!! that's all I have to say.....good day. I SAID GOOD DAY! :), What's everyone going to be for Halloween?? With one Caramel traveling to New Orleans for the spooky celebration, the Salties won't have..., I am, personally partial to DS106 when writing. I think it merits CAPS. But I always use #ds106 as a tag. I am an enigma., Mr. John Westfall & Dr. Robert Johns Honoring, i tried to call you!! will you be around later tonight?, For pics and updates tonight and tomorrow, please check out www.twitter.com/pdxcompassion, Exhausted from hard week Just worked out, dreamed an ex of mine wrote a thinly veiled novel about me., Pumped love you, #5bestsmells his cologne...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, Gr8 day in Sac, getting ready 4 in this weekend Only 30 followers to our next free Ice Cream Giveaway. RT & win, Ah, that pleasant "ding" that tells me code successfully pushed to prod., for the love of god, don't. I can rattle off much better choices. Trust me., The maps really are amazing. And I've learned so much about weather data standards already!, Or at least the East Coast huh?! Lol RT : can u bring it to NY next Jamil, The "City's Longest Happy Hour" goes to 7pm then starts the "After Dark Happy Hour" at 10pm to 3am. Plus it's Sangria Friday! Can't Resist??, Love your Tonyweets. And people in the rest of the country love seeing that guy from HIMYM rap. And Chris Rock!, - don't hate, you just don't understand the bond that me and have, I know i would get on facebook. but my facebook website on my computer aint working so i just got twitter (: !, Found other highs to be higher... RT : Best flight of the day? 20 year old Tawny Port..., San Francisco SPCA Launches Second Phase of Anti-Puppy Mill Campaign, Don't be afraid to ask for what you want when working w vendors. Use your use data to define your needs., Have 5 more hours in the airport. Cool. And only one free hour of wifi. Someone just shoot me now please., 8 picks for tonight, get all 8 for $20 or 4 for $10. Can't beat these deals people, on an MLB tear right now! Email us for more info, Not tomorrow, Knowing us we'd look like dorks in funny t-shirts. :) Flailing arms and all..., I missed 's twitcam:( I'm so depressed. He hasn't replied to one of my comments in like 4 months . This is depressing., Lol the Clippers, is this real?Somebody wake me up!, ..I know, and I had already got a babysitter<U+E403>, Thanks for a great how!, well, probably every day I get to spend with my nephew & the day my mom married my step-by-step dad. :-), Even the best fall down sometimes!, Let them birds take a bath, I get the chills when I see art!this lady is on to something fantastic! I am a fan!, I thank god for hotels like the North Hill Renaissance that have real hot water...not that yucky luke warm mess., First Delta flight with the new economy comfort seats... I approve, Delta, I approve, Soon Vicky, really soon :), RT IF YOU LOVE TWITTER :), finally joined the revolution.. now let's see if I actually tweet more than once a month, We have two shows coming up really soon 3/2 in Toledo,oh & 3/3 in Cleveland oh! Get your tickets soon!, Love the blog. Congrats on starting it. The wish the 4 of us were able to get it going like we spoke about. Good luck!, Process Lola Process, Who should be held responsible for your failures?, We saw that April 17 is Pet Owners Independence Day. We aren't really sure what that means, but it sounds good! Celebrate with your pet!, Luis sorry to hear you had a bad donut experience. Can you follow us so we can follow up w/ you., true.. Except for James and sefolosha, what the fuck are those bitches doing shoving Cookie into the cryers goalie, I am more or less exactly like her in that regard. :), Jus landed....#420....let's get it, After watching the unveiling of the #WiiU, I'm intrigued but still maintaining my skepticism. In any case can't wait to see games for it., if im louder would you see me?, "somebody hold me!" HAHAH so realistic. and that cough? genious., lots if talk about Ravens run D. Cannot wait to see what you can do. Surprised being a 7.5 pt underdog?, you know, just the whole bizarre weather patterns this year, that's all, is that how TW bills?, OMG BO sighting on the Whit House lawn. He's peeing on a tree., Yeah I'm In London For About A Month Visiting Family & Stuff :), You'd better be ready for a weekend of epic amazingness. Beach Bodies are out in full force, Hey David sorry for the late shout out - been off line but I'm back! happy weekend to you!, But here's my number, so call me maybe..., Getting spammed on is one of the more annoying things in life., . suggests (smartly) that media infrastructures are compelling to study&teach because they demystify everyday media objects, But the other guys are just MORE beautiful!, Can't i just teleport to Italy?, DC will always have a special place in my heart tho haha. How about you?, please chk out our kickstarter if u can, we'd like to "draw" you & 4 fundraiser in Parmatown Mall draw drew get it, Goodmornin G,I, Looking forward to keynoting this morning at 's #DigitalCream NYC! See u there, miss you to! and thanks for the RT =), O Father in heaven,Let Your Will Be Done, I am! “: Learning from . Be jealous!”, This is still a scary prank!, sick set last night! What was that insane remix you dropped??, RT : World Peace Suspended, A strong core protects the back. You don't need to move to develop your core. The core functions to dampen movement not create movement., What did u think? Wasn't it was odd how great the A's thought Nick Swisher was? Solid player, but not the next big thing..., I am not pretty..., my tripod hasn't been used in a while. Need to get into the woods soon, Doing well Sarah. Just started filming a documentary and having a blast., John Elway on Tebow: "If I want somebody to marry my daughter, it would be him...I have to take the personalities out of [this business]...", Please visit us on the web @ www.rx2you.com We are a Prescription Assistance Program. We look forward to connecting with you, Des Moines friends, just got the best news ever La Hacienda on Ingersoll is back open! (cc: ), I LOVE this story!! Can't wait for more!!!:D, i think you just saw the TT fredo.LOL, Awesome!! Congratulations. RT #slaverybyanothername made it to Round 2 of, RT : Office Depot served roast duck to Tony., Well... Thats Another year I didn't miraculously get drafted into the NFL.. Bought a new suit and everything smh, I can appreciate a tasteful nude. I can appreciate other types of nudes too., Because when you learn, you'll know what makes the world turn<3, #20ThingsAboutMe 15) my favorite colors are blue,purple, and green! 16) i want an iphone SO bad. 17) i tend to make friends easily., Check out awsome accessories for you harley. Custome engraved illuminated windshields. www.darksideshields.com, Memory is the best editor., Thirteen Minutes <3, madison or milwaukee, Just grubbed on steak bites and caprese sticks at Main Event. Their food is delish!!!, After years of feeding my addiction, the abruptly withdrew. Broke down and now am getting an actual paper Sunday times., Congratulations to Dominick Kendraw....Currently enjoying his FREE two day scooter rental thanks to winning our January question contest!, I need something to do, Just because you're covered from head to toes in designer labels doesn't make you fashionable. It shows you have money and NO STYLE!, lol I know right, let me kno I got u, Would enjoy Christmas lights year round.But then they would lose that "specialness"- let them remind us all, JESUS is the LIGHT OF THE WORLD, lol me either but when u get an off day we need to go get our nails done or somethin., "i wasnt that drunk" "dude, you went to the train station and smashed yourself against the wall, trying to get to hogwarts", I never imagined My place I call home, can be such a hell hole to me....., Yeah most definitely RT “: thats why cali is better :-)”, The penguins of madagascar is dat cartoon, Friends are like teeth, be true to them or they'll be false to you. - pops, Happy Monday!!! ~ Jake, We are here!, just as long as he doesn't poke you in person you're ok, It's looking like our website will be up and running in a couple months-Very exciting!, This is what I'm saying!, my moment is my new favorite song it's on replay all day long!!!! :), Any chance of adding something like circles? Want easily organize my tweeps into different categories. Lists suck., Although I'm going to miss Morgantown, I can't wait to be home for 4 months :), Saturday Night with DJ CUT aka "The King of Albuquerque" spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB! Drink specials all night long !, Find out TODAY at 240pm PST who will be at Comedy Fest this year. Its the 30th anniversary!, The way I been feelin gets me to start questionin!, Whatever a Saka Manju is, it looks delicious! Also, happy birthday Ericka!, love it!, It's not me that's changed. All that this does is piss me off and disappoint me., Thanks for the retweet!, When the news crowns you with the title “expert,” you are one. Become the expert in your field and give “expert” opinions for news coverage., What a great feeling that must be! Enjoy your extra week., Nice to meet you too! Looking forward to keeping more up-to-date on that side of the country :), i want a skutt catholic sweatshirt .... i don't know why ., i should be getting there around 12ish, On the phone with my love ., I'd blush and probably turn red and hope he'd take my hand and walk me backstage and I'd hang with him and exchange numbers, it's hot in LA today. cool and inside, working..., Ready for people who are ready to "Own the Night"! See you tonight a Sandia Springs Lounge?, 18 pounds of freshly made cookie dough in the fridge. Dear God, what have I done?, ur welcome! Hey, we're practically neighbors! Lol, im excited 4 At the Grammy's! No one is pointing out his 5 noms & how big it is 4 electronic music. #paving roads, Watching Football (:, we're back. ;) we should get together. ;), RT "Friend"raising: "The 'why' is more important than the 'what'.", absolutely ridiculous!, It's an extra large 7-11 coffee kind of morning, i back this hard. not the penguins. all of these amazing people. go bears., this guy is at my house to change our blinds and he keeps on swearing, its kinda funny lmao, Platinums all day..., Have any questions for Mr. , entrepreneur, biographer, and philanthropist? Tweet them in!, no it's in the top section of the arena :/, haha I have no trouble sleeping!, RIP steve jobs. you were truly incredible and you (not just your inventions) will for sure be missed., it is for right now, kinda...Working on changing it., Well Gary, OBP =\= batting average. That is how a low BA guy draws walks., Such a short solo for the judges to make decisions. I don't envy their challenge in selecting dancers., IN Quotes: "Feel the Fear and do it anyway.", what kinda work u do??, Waiting to turn myself into a workaholic, i can't WAIT. lol. special occasion or you just felt like going home?, how's your summer going?, Splash on your bitch, Welcome ! Nice to Tweet you!, ...and hopeless drunk. :), "Nazi" is a blocked search term, according to the school system filter. No idea why a history teacher would Google "Nazi", - Keep your chin up my friend, things will get better soon, I'm always here for you., Ekkk with people at Kalher and my huge cracked screen i can barly see what im writing SMH, I love this experiment, Family is going to the casino without me. Sucks being poor., #ItsABadDayWhen You ask your #Girlfriend to give you a #BlowJob and she responds, RT I'm feeling like war tonight. Especially fiesty. Bring it.>>>OK.Final Score.Union 1...Rebs 0, Gotta go to the quad before someone snatches them! RT : Cranberries have rescheduled their Philly show for May 19th., Are you a school in the New York City area using TriCaster? I may have a press interview for you! Send me Direct Message!, No problem. It deserves a re-tweet in my opinion. Hopefully, bullies overall in general will get the message., You did that while driving?, “Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all.” Emily Dickinson, 36 hours in jail starts now...fml, I need to stop falling asleep in my day clothes, then I just wake up so stinkin' confused., you don't work till 1? That means we close together!!! :D, #LastTimeIChecked, you haven't asked me out, therefore I'm single, therefore I can do WHATEVER the FUCK I want. <U+270C>, Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer22, shade of red changed, icons changed, some other tweaks, you are so inspirational baby!, I didn't go to much of the conference but Frank's keynote was great. Great prefatory remarks abt the role of scholars in activism, Why post a picture on Facebook with the caption 'OMG!! I'm so ugly' and then get annoyed when I agree?, I love you Andy, Just tapped Great Divide Nomad Pilsner., It's unbelievable how huge of a let down the world and life is., can I watch, so, who gonna be my 130th follower?? the spot is yours... :D, Had the awesomest time at my school dance ;) <3, Today is so not my day !, 2....but see people also calling Purdue players ugly. So...yay, equality?, Thanks, Smurfette! RT : I'm really excited to see that is on Twitter, not enough people know about these shoes., - Joing the #adamstheory talking #Texas recruiting. Interview will be posted to www.espnaustin.com soon., I think I need to find some real food. ice cream isn't food group. I checked in-depth & all said no :(, wow Q us the man, RT : I want the US housing industry to offer highly efficient energy-wise houses as is built in Sweden. Plz RT, hey!! Go follow my froend and she will follow back. Shes like, a huge 1D babe. Haha thanks(:, How am I ever going to use 7 weeks of vacation?, me pica mucho la espalda / My back is so itchy., haha the ending scared the crap out of me when she opened her eyes, By Love and Art Scarred the motion picture just got an Award of Merit from the Los Angeles Cinema Film Festival of Hollywood!, Jesus, I love you and I thank you for dying on the cross for me. Nothing I say or do will ever repay what youve done for me Happy Easter!!, That 2Pac hologram was cool/creepy/weird/unexpected., Get a comfortable and warm home with us! We provide the most innovative heating systems! Let us be your HVAC company., When is it?, but yeah don't expect a positive response every time cc/, Imma tell u 1 time boy i love boy i love u!, OBAMA MUST BE DEFEATED, AND POLITICALLY DESTROYED! Somebody dig into his past! Search for evidence of infidelity on either his part,......, lol yea he is, I'm excited (:, congratulations on your nomination skip, Hey that okra or Oprah? LOL!, #RandomShoutout to ! Go follow!!, G'Night && Happy New Year :)!, I vote for #8 Amy Lynn in the, well then party on!, New obsession, Nobody punches caroline channing, and gets away with it!, Prof just called the NCAA the "n c two a"... No., Not sunny day.... just Real Estate... on April 27th., Didn't attend or follow CiL, I got burned out on that conference when things started to sound the same year after year., nice touch with the link in the wrong answer message, How romantic... Tom Cruise, while filming mission impossible in Dubai, wrote Kate's name on top of the world's tallest building..., We wanna go to for brunch but 11am is so far away! We could starve!, ARE PERFORMING IN SALINA, KS ON 3/14/12 THE CATCH ME IF YOU CAN TOUR!, "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw, Class of 2012- we the best #khaledvoice RT : I am a proud graduate of the University of Missouri. Class of 2012. Wow., Stay tuned for more US #Twitter contests on the 7th of every month in the, he will start crying in a few min, Chuck Brown - Chuck Baby, Just checked and my Klout score is tied with a twitter spam bot that I influence. WTF!, So now daddy wants me to clean his car.. ugh!!, FOCUS Training is at #Marquette today recruiting 2012 Interns. David A. Straz building between 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM. Come and see us!, is represented., I am here at #sxsw live tweeting the semifinals. It's a tech competition, hazing ritual and weight-loss program., idkw but today is one of those day that i get thru w forced smile and fake laugh. i feel bad., love your new line! Keep doing your thing and god will continue to bless you with favor :), I understand :/ I got to leave at 4:00 - yay. Now errands before my workout, jo cat !, #Teamfollowback.... Follow me and spread the word, that's strange. I deleted and reinstalled the update and it's working well. Let me investigate and get back to you., Faithful girls are hard to find so I'm taking advantage of it while I have one!, Why am I so sad? I just want to cry, ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER n_n, why be embarrassed? It will only improve the scope of your search :), Here we go, back to the old ball in chain for one more day, I would like to hear him give a talk someday. Maybe I'll catch him at a conference in the US sometime., Look4 our reviews of "Death and the Powers" Opera Theater, Goodman Theatre's "God of Carnage" in the Apr. 11th Snippets, I found weisswurst without problems. Challenge accepted., i hate how curls come out with the curling iron, If money is your hope for independence you will never have it, Thanks ! We hope you like it!, ah I love you so much <3, Hi Texas, how are you doing this evening?, As a rule, it is best to yield to the pitch and let it come to you. But with Moyer, you could wait a lifetime., great launch party tonight...thanks for the invite...best of luck for the future!, Good morning Twitter family, live your best life today!, #Grammys was full of Adele .... Phenomenal!, where'd u go!?, why the hell not?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>, sometimes its hard to no if anyone hears me at all. crying out in agony over the pain caused from this stupid carwreck that was 7yrs ago.ugh, Have to say it again... Lundquist played horrendous tonight, the night we needed him most., Yea I'm the beast lol RT : I don't think king James..can palm the b.ball like u can..LOL, well done Shay <U+E057>, Is MCMA 2 beta safe to use for my server?, Have to have a background check to be re-certified as a USA Ultimate coach. # of addresses in the last 5 years? 7. In 4 states., Dgretawire Hi Greta - my book "Images of America - Fort Myer" published in JUN - 1st book @ this historic US Army Post near Washington DC, Udonis Haslem got D-wades back dunkin on Taj Gibson yesterday...how bout that karma, Between the arizona time difference and day light savings, this is a complete disaster x_X, You are beautiful, we all are beautiful in our own way!!!, See this come down your TL? ~> "Looking for a Dope, Fly, ______ (fill in the blank) Web Designer!!!" ...Send 'em our way!! ;), Your guys' branding and photography are quite great! Though I'm sure the cupcakes are even better., My day job is computer tech. I wish our senior tech was Hispanic so I could tell people I'm transferring them to our Senor Tech., I'm glad you understand me, Go ahead lol its not like they are watching you, hell if you can go on stage and preform then you can drive hAHA, Your girlfriend is gorgeous & loyal, why flirt w/ other bitches ? Its like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock., or not be protected like they're quarterbacks in the NFL..., Perfect RT : Maybe if Mubarak had killed 1 little girl instead of 1000s of Egyptians Nancy Grace would cover his trial., If you have the right type of enemies that means you are doing something right, That's a tough one! Hope you get some good responses :), I'm pretty sure search engines don't differentiate "advisor" from "adviser." I see blended results all the time., I have been good bro! Yourself?, And the commercial for Atkins has a spokesperson "Cheryl Lynn". Creepy because that's my name., I JUST WANT TO KISS A GIRL!!!!!!!! KEITH URBAN, Alright and It's lunctime. Where are we meeting?, pepe needs a hug, From South Grove TAP meeting: "Discipline problems have decreased as the quality of instruction has improved.", Sometimes you’ve just got to wake up in the morning, take a deep breath and say, “I can’t wait to get walked all over today.”, Library of VA needs volunteer help on Thur & Fri to prep for a major mailing (8000+ pieces). Call if you are coming to help 692-3901!, Thanks for sharing our content. We enjoy seeing how certain verticals are using different channels., Where are the rain dancers?, Colorado Won 7-0. Houston Won 10 Unit Play, Arizona is now 6-0. How easy is this again? Holla at us if you want to make some real Money., sights on tour with ten D??? Sweet! Balty on the tour stops?, I miss you too!!!!, Perfect! RT : YES! RT : will that be the company tag line. ... "we love your lazy ass" ;), <<---you are most Welcome!, Need something delivered to Brownsville, TX from Harlingen, TX.....CALL US! 877-52-5737, WTF HAHA HAVENT BEEN ON TWITTER FOR 7 MONTHS AND I GOT WAY LESS FOLLOWERS! I SEE HOW IT IS! xD I STILL LOVE EVERYONE ON TWITTER!<3, love you boo! ;), oh and a pie chart showing most communication is non verbal! getting nauseous, live interview on Sunday May 6th at The WarZone Radio around 8pm - 10pm eastern time. Call (310) 861-2335 to listen in or any questions., Did you feel like you needed to bathe in liquid nitrogen, or are you good?, Teaching at Chelsey Piers in NYC was AWESOME by the way :), hi trevor!, Yup, that's definitely Spike Lee sitting there. No pressure, #popcon presenters..., Checking out tonight., Beginning in 1903, Crayola offered one green crayon, simply called “green.”, Oh, no. It totally will. ABC needs it but I'm just surprised that it hasn't happened yet., Kazakhstan Thanks 'Borat' For Attracting Tourists - Business Insider, I fucking love, Always ask me Why my Tv be so loud , Now Yall Know my ears are small, <3<3<3 RT "He used to look at me like that." -A "It looks like he wants a cheeseburger. Seriously. I think he's hungry." -R, I love reading your texts, and just smiling.:) ¦, You need to wale up and text me already :/, love you too!!, : what a cool line of ' e-books. Thanks for sharing!, y'all niggas don't be tellin me shit, Did you guys know the elephant is the only mammal that can't jump?, If I got hella buff, learned mui thai, sliced a knife across my chest, and shaved my head. I whould be like sagat from street fighter, "There is no concept more generally cherished by publishers than that of the Undeserving Poor." A.J. Liebling, happy national eat what you want day., I'm out @ 3 I though, Open the coffin!, Hell yeah!, Def poetry Jam artist i'm featuring on Knotty Librarian via Facebook Sarah Jones, "your revolution", Engraving music and listening to E-40. Hyphy copying is a good kind of copying., The thing about "Your Mother" jokes is that they're lame and used up...just like your Mother., Nirvana is playing...I'm in love, hey man...are you going to the WASU celebration this weekend?, Terrible Horrible No Good Very Bad Pun of the Day: MS is releasing a new IDE for Phil Collins fans... Visual Stu Stu Studio., Purdue & Mich are out. But BigTen still has Ohio St, Indiana, Mich St & Wisconsin in the Sweet 16. Not bad., Took responsibility and gave myself a bedtime ., I will. And I absolutely love your new Twitter picture. L. O. V. E., Go follow asap his tweets just make my day :-), - Want more Mark Steyn and what up with The Last Patriot author/sales? Curious to know. A GREAT relevent thriller, people., #IADMIT I'm a bit of a clutz sometimes, James K. Polk - through sundry means managed to define the territorial boundaries of continental US. in one term., Love 's #beHeard campaign! Good job!, yeah we already sent that back to the mothership, “: I have 25 students in my Geometry class ... NINE of them didn't bring a pencil to our test today.” can u graph that ratio?, Comic Smash, I am in you. :p, #MyMaddenCoverVote is who else but Eli!!, Walker will be in RIVERWEST at Messmer Prep (Fratney and Burleigh) in Milwaukee on Friday arriving around 12:30PM. Protest starts at noon., Just saying that would be excellent replacement for on Two and a Half Men. much better than Rob Lowe, IM NOT HERE FOR THAT I WOULDNT BE LIVING, Now i cant sleep and i'm all paranoid../;, Time for the Royals game! Lets go Royals!, Hey, I just met you, and bitch you are crazy! Hell no I'm not, having your baby, Serena hits 40 in style Serena Williams thrashed Lucie Safarova in Charleston to join an exclusive club by claiming the 40th WTA title of, Its been a terrible dry spell, last time the rain fell, Neck is killing me, Every time I see something about the Yahoo! exec Scott Thompson, I immediately think of the Kids in the Hall's Scott Thompson., RT : Time to get the broom out for the #Cubs sweep! Game starts in 20 minutes, the grill is hot and beer is cold., has been nominated via Twitter to be our new Dance Group of the Week! Congrats!, haha Rondo is aggressive - ooooohhhhh shot ! you dont have to say that just because I love to hear it haha, In Wycombe shopping with my cousin :)., The fact that my phone Internet isnt working and I honestly don't know what to do with myself on this bus ride..., -somebody tell me why we just voted for the other band???, Damn LA traffic is testing my patience!!, I guess my FaceBook password was too easy! hahahahaa I love him!, Are you trying to give us all heart attacks through twitter? That food is insane, and looks so delicious., Thank you!, If my music video made you laugh retweet it! I love you guys! Http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2U_Nm0nOTro, I Jus wanted to ask you a few things about the industry sure you can help me better then most. You gonna be in cols. Anytime soon?, Happy Sunday to my stars! What are you doing this weekend?, What. Was. That? That was like a Master class in awesomeness. - #bigomaha (Excellent session frm of !), I Would've Made You Leave Too., I never knew it was that deep/serious, that these chicks wanna wish death on me ! Haha <U+E412><U+E412><U+E412>, will do. woof, Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano all I know is I love you too much to walk away though., On sale now! Dead Winter Carpenters () + T.V. Mike & the Scarecrowes () + The Skinny String Band - Fri. May 18, What's the weirdest thing a roommate can do?, who wants to be the 3000 person i follow?, I still think I'm a newbie! RT For the newbies without their handy dictionary NED = no evidence of disease... ~ remission, I'm up, wide awake. What do you want to talk about today?, with her daughter-in-law Ruth the Moabite.They arrived in Bethlehem at the beginning of the barley harvest. 2 1Now Naomi had a #Torah 25/99, #SanfordFlorida police chief #BillLee to resign., It's finally DECEMBER (Fill in the Blank): "All I want for Christmas is __________?", Plan B is a temporary position that I use to gain income to fund the vision of Plan A., is that a coffee machine!?, You welcome, and thanks. :), RT Does any else want Mother Nature to give us another month of Summer? Say I.... (How about 3 more!), We're giving 10% of enrollment back to students' high schools for another week! :) Register now and give back to your school too!, Mall Survival Tip #1: Always park near Abercrombie... If you lose you're way, you can just sniff your way back to your car., grrr there are only watermelon blow pops left in my stash..., well there is still a spot for you on the team. If you actually want to play!, Wow mini heart attack., i know, sorry :(, hope your coming-out party is amazing! wish i could be there!!, I expected Illustrator to be Photoshop w/ vectors - but instead it's some kind of architectural blueprint rendering software, #IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't be able to hook up with so many fine African women, So tired!, I'm only smokin on weekends wen school starts bak...., I want to haz beer., I love This Holiday (: ! My Favorite Two Words to Say is Mindless Behavior and PRODIGY ! (: Ah ! They make me go So Stupid Mindless ., Enjoys some mid-70s al jarnow projected on a factory wall with numero group djs underneath, hahahaha RT : Shocking!.. This just in... is skeptical of the PBJ-Latte :), Making a book. Yes a book., I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me, Happy Mothers day to all of the wonderful moms out there, You're welcome! RT : I'm officially addicted to #eBay thanks to, The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way, Off 2 do a couple of master classes @ USC (Los Angeles) w/Mintzer & Pasqua. Then visiting some old ex-relatives & finally the redeye to NYC., Shelia Hicks lecture today at the Mint Museum, 3pm. Check out the stunning Romare Bearden exhibition while you're there., really new interest-teach python/some vpython in physics-saw it might support that-in Fablab we could 3d print case+program it, Finally made the upgrade to Vista after how long? CS3 is buggy tho, any suggestions? Vista Ult 64, “: Been real”, Strawberries and champagne ... now it feels like the end of my birthday weekend!!, Rangel-censure. DeLay-nothing. IOKIYAR, what are you worrying about?, thank you for mention- have a Fired Up week, yes definitely!, The phone ain't even ring the whole time....?, See everyone in March!! Whoohooo!, I want that job, too... RT $7.3 million for five months of work? Can I be CEO of Yahoo next? I even have a real CS degree!, To what end? As a starting point for shared vocabulary training? Because you know there is an actual technological "definition"., I get a really cute outfit today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>, I need a few more hours in the day for the next 1.5 weeks. Great. Thanks., that is great!, Maybe that was Edward's pet name for Hunter. You know, something he called her to help set the mood., Save your drama for ange. . . . ., RT : I spilled lemonade on my desk. I hit MacBook Pro, iPhone AND iPad all at once. New definition of "PANIC." *oy* <O CRAP>, i love that song, Kevin Systrom, CEO of Instagram pockets $400million on the Facebook deal with 40% stake in company. Co-Founder only got $100mil, pretty weak, Ryan Brown, you've won a Tier 3 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium., Where is the love for the Honey Badger that started it all!?, thank you! Looking forward to helping out!, I think he just didn't want to confused you two ;), Ya I messed up on that one. I didn't want to mass email freiend request "ME" just Milweb1 sorry about that., Thank you! We think so too:), #lebron has good reason not to do the #dunk contest... every time he does a windmill, it blows his hairline a lil farther back, yea it sucks but once that band becomes big everybody want to listen to them, Hey, nice work! Finally, a timeline that doesn't work against the default user behavior. (Scroll down, duh!), Go Che go! It's your moment now! RT : About to have my own Dame Dash moment... Per this is my time..., I like drinking caffeine free diet Mountain Dew just because I think it subverts that soda's entire paradigm., Sitting in my room. Home alone. Blasting sws. #lifesgood (for now) ;] baby if you cant hang then, theres the door;*, Do what makes you Happy, Be with who makes you smile. We want you to celebrate HAPPINESS!!! our Happy Hour Wednesday's from 4:30pm-7:30pm., Trust me my friend you haven't seen anything yet #Soccer is about to go vertical and you know nobody out works me and my team, Starting the day locked out of my computer and on the phone with help desk., Thanks for reading our book. Do let us know what you think., oh bro!, Ah, but of course!:), heeyyyy did I get my ring back from youu in class? Cus I realized I didn't have it and I can't find it.. :p, Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart., What to do with all the new free time?, awesome! Hope he has an easy recovery!, hehehe you are, um its joshs birthday!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>, You here?, I seriously wouldn't stop kissing you for like an hour. Fuck breathing., alright then dm me your number and ill tell you the photography info, Will hit you back later on Ann B Davis. Trying to get confirmation for Ariel Sharon's publicist., You're welcome, Mr. Dusty!! God bless your day!!! (:, you know you're on facebook too much when you want to "like" a coworkers email (just read the one you sent aha), THANK YOU to all of our veterans for your dedication and service to our country., dude, just try and make it good for you..b4 you leave say to the student he has to pay extra money to use the bathroom..lol, Details on the gobbler!, I don't mean to offend people ... That's not my intention, W.yeldahgoods.com. happy international beer day., ive heard nothing but good things, Hey y'all! Tomorrow night there's an awesome Dead Man's Carnival show & are the guest performers!!!!, Having flashbacks to the great HBK-God tag team from years back, Wow...New Hampshire....maybe I was wrong when I called it the Texas of the North...so did that Medical Marijuana bill go though too?, love love love! Gagas thanksgiving! Now I still need to get stuffed!, History, let's do this.., our last day is the 20th i think . next tuesday ., Even Freaks Need Love Too...., Dreams are Trippy., aw, how are you ?, <U+FFFD>Don<U+FFFD>t fix the marketing first, fix your product, The theory that Eastwoods character "Preacher" was a ghost in Pale Rider was also shown by his bullet wounds on his back., let's catch up soon! I want to hear about your life!, I just can't get enough of this Switchfoot CD Vise Verses., RT : Please bookmark The Berlin Project - which will be huge. The creatives behind it are awesome., We SO need a virtual assistant!, My day has been incredibly entertaining today.. I even seen a old redneck woman with a cain cuss about another old woman while doin a jig., ...and I still feel terrible., Can't believe it's already August! Where has this year gone?!, Hey, excited to have you joining us! Many welcomes!, REALLY hate arbitrary prereqs for classes I want to take. Esp. when they aren't assigned to a prof so I can't even get approval to register., Staying in and watching The Sitter, eating pizza with, I spy anecdotal evidence., Summer afternoon-summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language ~ Henry James, what a blessing to see you post that. It is a real joy !, I really need to go to a rave & get my rid of my dancing bug. I can't wait till i'm 18., i wouldn't pay $ 2,o+ to see One Direction front row. Nope. Sucks for the parents though, for their kids it's either a die or go situation, I need to go lipstick shopping at, Deep breath! Presentation is over. Worked flawlessly from the iPad. Now I can sit back and enjoy the rest of the #EUCI web conference., wow, I want that back yard hooo hooo lol, I need to retire my vintage store finds anyway., Just crossing into Alabama the beautiful! Movin' on down the highway!, Can't stop the rain from falling; can stop my heart from calling you. It;s calling you., THKS! Another team effort RT I'm loving the website you designed for Fair Hope! Sharing it all over the place!, Don't forget, Mother's Day is fast approaching, treat a mother in your life to one of our gift cards!, Ok so jingle ball this year was amazing when I saw Amy from #karmin I was freaking out I like couldn't speak! I can't believe I saw them!!, Woke up feeling an electric charge running through my bones. I'm amped today and ready to get some stuff D-O-N-E, innocence makes you feel young? yes, I think it returns us to our beginning self-before the defenses, and life learnings, “: must have something to do with ur backside lol” id have to agree lol, Hey, thanks for sharing. I liked "Peaks & Valleys.", This just in, Trump asking for #OsamaBinLaden long form death certificate., did ok but had good birding students to tell me when I was full of it. Next time if you're around? May 26. I am the eye., There's a fine line between being a slut and being attractive., I Wana be able to tell her "tell them other guys to lose your number cause your done They don't get another shot cause you're...love drunk, Don't you hate it when you're trying to do laundry at a Red Roof Inn but the washer is being monopolized by a meth witch?, Thinking about films with birds falling from the sky today and what it means. # BirdsFallingFromSky, Meeting the wonderful Jerry Kidd for coffee tomorrow! woo hoo!, summer!...July 9th i think? wbu?, awesome! let me know re: boxes - I know #BeleChere will take over the weekend, haha, so anytime is fine!, Kambale: govts still maintain control of regulatory framework over media landscape ie Congo elections, sms service was cut off, There are pleasures that take a long time and virtues that require discipline and difficulty. - brian mclaren, Looks great! (hope that answers your question :), RT : I think the Brewers should let throw out the first pitch. He is a legend now in Milwaukee breaking the news., I wish I was at Fenway., Ok the homers can stop any time now..., *Recycling for Hope, A big thanks to for sponsoring our recent event in Tallahassee., hey Adam, wow thats kool,I would love to see it..I miss Weldon, he took great pic's....., We would like to thank eventures - corporate event productions for providing us with the wonderful table at the okBride Bridal show., ha! Too damn much..., "Cut down that which is most beautiful" - Our one and only objective, #WhyDoiAlways want to look good when nobody even likes me.., #wcphilly How to write your posts: Capitalize on the latest trends. Make your topics relevant., U 3 legged dog crazy RT I know thinks I have issues.... lol... I don't tho. I'm slick serious... Sometimes, Goldie chorus could knock harder., #unpopularopinion i dont see the big obsession with BTIKM.. not overly impressed with it tbh, I mean you grown af stay out of little kids conversations!, Excited for tomorrow! Get to start our first preliminary beta tests on the site. May the #Spooning commence!, ": Ain't no fun . . ." If the homies cant have none!, do u need another picture to proove it ?, Haha not on the floor. Sec 130. Can you get us in the floor?!, Brian thanks for the mention., Friday Fun Fact: 700 Million Peeps Will Be Eaten on Easter. Yes or No, do you like Peeps?, Carry-on as much as possible! RT : When flying, what's your #1 tip for making sure everything goes smoothly?, Little one is fed..about to get this upper body/core work-out poppin, I'm staring at dolphins. Saw a dead rooster on the shore today, which was weird. Been too long since I spent this much time at the beach., Meeting tonight with my brothers for Missional community., that's always fun, kinda!, I always cut my bangs uneven, and the only person to ever notice is my mother., If I recently unfollowed you don't take offense. Twitter has been randomly unfollowing ppl lately. Just let me know and I'll get you back!, I have a slight headache, Soy un perdedor ": I'm a loser baby. So why don't you kill me? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>", On twitter because no one on FB is getting important info in real time. Thanks for makin' changes suckas! Still on fb. Immediacy is still, Definitely one of the funniest shows of the decade., what ya gettin?!, You're the second youth librarian I've met on twitter from Arapaho District in two days!!, #ReTweet if You Like Beer, Boobs and Bacon, follow me! :D, was he referring to his balls?, Championz heading to power play video for an interview. Power play picked up the new single from championz "stay real". Quetone music holla, Look at every path closely ...... then ask yourself one question: Does this path have a heart? ~Castaneda via, "Relax prisoner - surrender your will to Wonder Woman's! You shall see her picture always stamped on your brain! ..., is the best co-conspirator ever!, yeah rough 2nd half on both ends of the court!, I can't go back to sleep :(, how is it?, Yup, goodnight twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>, I want to go home. I'm so fucking frustrated I can't even do anything right, Thx for hosting this am's #YPWeek chat re:nonprofits & volunteering. Hope I helped & ppl got good nuggets!, Can I not be Lena Dunham's character??, Watching i die, WTEN: Eagles and getting underway in about 10 minutes in a Tourn. semifinal in Kohler., Love the new music video guys!, Tune in tmrw for insights on branding and space from & Carmina Drummond of via, - Impatiently Waiting On That Day To Come , iCant to meet My Niece or Nephew ! I Love Babies But Don't Want Any! That's Crazi... yeaahhh ik, Looks like I will be in SF with no plans Wednesday evening. Who wants dinner?, The web itself is essentially a social media, If I sit on that couch, I won't get another thing done all night. Don't see a downside, really., i have a superpower i have a teenager with a attitude and i am not in jail ..yet, yeah totally agree, LOL AT 's new video! I love it!<3 :), Thanks for reminding me that life is good after graduation. It's so true!, plus usadeaf.com and rayovacbattery.net, All I ask for is an opportunity and I will turn it into our profit, WE WILL FIGHT TIL FOREVER! FOLLOW & WE WILL DONATE to #makeachange !!, Ready to learn about 's Seminar for Historical Administration., Absolutely! Let's plan some time to catch up - I didn't realize they had Zumba. I may have to try that on Weds., #MoreFemalesShould sell their eggs to me for 20 dollars, - I was just reading an article saying they are going trying to revamp it into other projects. Not sure if people will use it..., I hate it when ppl don't talk to me until they want something <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>, awe okay ill find out, Suddenly realized I was air guitaring to "Heaven Is a Place on Earth" as I pulled into work., once I discovered the Enkidu - Charlie Sheen parallel the discussion picked up in class :), How are the resolutions going? Give yourself a long term goal to stay fit for all of 2011 and sign up for the Monumental Marathon, "Sometimes... the people we've know for a short amount of time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever.", Please welcome as a BarTweet Bar Reviewer for Check out what's happening at www.bartweet.com, RT : It is NOT enough to simply "put americans back to work". We need to put them back to jobs with livable wages! |, That is where i am lol RT : especially in the city!, I WILL get that hat back this weekend.... just FYI., me too girl! :(, Checking in @ NOLA airport heading back 2 the Other LA! Gonna miss ya, but will b back in 2 weeks!, Why kids get up before the sun when comes up when there's no school and on school days they can't move in the morning, Love every show that is on... He always speaks his mind, SO THE GREATEST DAY ABOUT 2DAY IS ITS BDAY HAPPY BDAY HUN, Based on my calculations, you suck at everything., IU is playing solid... Impressed!, #MyPastRelationships Were just a waste of time., “: ... And keep your ears open for da podcast w 's Brian Nelson tomorrow!” it's br-Y-an!!!, E!! KANYEEZY WENT IN on "THERAFLU"!!! he's baaaaaaaccccckkkk!!, yay for art!, Just caught up on #Awake on my DVR -- I love, Love, LOVE this show. Can't wait until tomorrow night!, To measure the man, measure his heart. -Malcolm Stevenson Forbes, - Trying 2 get on my Tweetdeck, but all it says is Not Authorized. Can u help? I click on What Does This Mean, but no clear help., Good morning sun or rain, I hope you feel radiant and shine! Be powerful...do BIG things today., Good idea to brainstorm #mla13 session formats, Ppl here can chime in., HA! Too awesome love the addict of the week, Thanks! Interesting video..., So sorry, Maura., “The average dog is a nicer person than the average person, yeah its insane., following the game I found myself sad for 1 person Maddie van lou. Great kid heart of a lion. She should be out there., Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday. Unknown, RT : "True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful."~Paul Sweeney, My parents have all the keys downstairs with them so I can't just take one either. Haha., Yes and..not all comedians are conflicted and some artist DO have a business mind!, surely someone has mentioned Jon Krasinski? Surely., It's one of those "just get through one more day" types of days at work. :-\, Oh man I can't believe im missing This Year!!! Its one of my favorite weeks in NYC!, Made it through another round of cuts! Yes!, look up Dempsey's life story and you will become more a fan, he had a hard life, How do you vote? Text "107350" to 73774. Takes just a second! Retweet and vote now!, I get to go to NYC & Chicago in early June for work, about 2-3 days in each city. Anyone have suggestions on what to see/do on my downtime?, Bored af right now, Happy to see the pick up in the first round!, I'm in love with the flame-leafed tree outside my window., Stupid Kansas. I knew better than to root for you., Your stupid little text msgs frustrate me & put me in a bad mood for the rest of the day this is why we ain't together...JERK, yo- dc's cool &all but where's all the powderedwigs &shit?, Didn't know House was ending its run. About time I think. I'm going to cry when Bones gets their last season.., common refrain, isn't it. MSM, esp cable, do wall-to-wall on a single story rather than use their 24 hrs wisely. Thnx for noticing, Never thought I,d meet a person named homer, good night twitter!, You guys are awesome! Love the boxes and the customer service! Thank you., Currently deciding between an epic journey of magical proportions and falling asleep on the couch...., yes. We got this!!, Pre-ordered books are coming in! Feel free to hit us up with questions if you have them., Get the community talking about stuff they know. Listen rather than tell!, Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there. ~ Josh Billings, GUN SHOW!! MAY 1ST & 2ND AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NEW MEXICO STATE FAIRGROUNDS. N EW MEXICO GUNS WILL BE THERE., this captures my interested! How very fascinating! So much excitement! Was this meant 4 u? You must be important! And like coffee, Finally took my sew-in down...MAN !, oh well i can , but if u cant thats alroight, : Rock, are you working on the #Bears broadcasts this season?, Not yet - but we are gearing up to start printing private label stuff! Stay tuned., Hanging in #LexVegas for the afternoon. Back for Keeneland tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>, The Notebook..., Show tonight!, Yves Jaques, FAO: how do we get out of metadata ghetto and reach out to communities like statistics?, I hate softball at Dade like seriously fuck you, Listening to guest speaker from Marvin Poer speak at our Midwest sales summit about how much he needs his costar. Good stuff!, I forgot! k, #moolaboys we walk in the store just off a spaceship and tickets waiting <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>SPACESHIPS BITCHES<U+2755><U+2755><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>, why am i craving gravy right now, I like them all except Va Tech over FSU. Oregon State have a chance to upset Oregon?, your really nasty.., any && everything, Flying to Seattle on Sunday for Xbox commercial, Mornin'! We r introducing our next co-anchor Robert Maxwell. Chris Willis is moving off the desk to head the investigation team, Yeah go ahead and type a bunch of dots then say nevermind. It took more fucking time to do that then it would've been to just erase. Stupid., Because it's insanely popular and I don't want to come off like an dismissive asshole., Happy Saturday everyone! What do you have planned for today?, Loving these last few weeks with great friends & family. Graduation is around the corner!!!, always upticks in ed during low employments. A good thing, but doesn't completely explain the relative growth in public ed., I woke up with Apple Bottom Jeans stuck in my head. Does that mean today is going to be good or bad?, Judging from the fact that I spend 80+ dollars at legends on a weeknight, I'm going to be a broke joke after tonight, That is quite possibly the best thing ever., why do we do that, knock other woman down, what do you care, Great pic! Kelly and Lauren had a blast! Glad u enjoyed the show!, Still need somewhere to stay?, Give up and nothing happens. Keep going and watch the magic!, I don't want to "automate" my Twitter presence... I'm only on when I'm here, I like to be here when things happen lol., Thank U 4 the prayers-we r constantly praying @ this end & those prayers include u & all the friends I have made on Twitter. :-), Schamazing! Literally laughed out loud., Chaos is the science of the global nature of systems., Hydroplaning for days., Just did. Thanks for sharing., Culberson did get his 1st hit yesterday in Arizona in front of his family which was way cool., Can't wait to see Rise of Planet of the Apes tonight! Awesome technology and great reviews, Huh. Who would have though that "Marco Manifesto" would return 10 pages of google results., Today was a good day. I love spending time with my all my seniors.only have a short amount of time where we can still even hold that title., Its monday! younow with and later ¦, Sabotage - Wale ft Lloyd >>>, gotta take my black ass to sleep finna catch the Z real quick lol, Mumford and Sons on the lawn by Bass, The notebook is on.<U+E328>, If your out of sugar, but you make kool-aid anyway, SKD photo shoot is done! Time for rehearsal! Learning a country routine tonight! Woohoo!, Everybody that didnt show me love on my MF B-day! FUCK U... Cause I always show sum love.. So kiss my ass!, umm you're 14 years old.. get outttaaa here!!, hahahah that was so funny! But it's true. #honesty #bff's <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>, Plentiful sunshine and 80 for April 26th for my Birthday on Thursday? (Keeping fingers crossed), Yup-Yup. ;D It's the Chinese signs for love, peace and health., Thank you for joining us! Lets us know what you order., Signs are every; we have to stay strong! YE, Bring your tween down to for Tween #Knit today from 330 - 5pm, I probably bought you your first beer.., Happy international women's day!, WHAT THE HAIL?! must....wait..... 2 more hours adsfkjahskuldeg, “: um, i'm allergic to pineapple, if you were a real friend you would know that #suburgatory” -- hope nothing major happened, Im going to attack and fat ass tensai with a chair, L's Up Fact!: Did you know that Weed smoking is highly correlated to Schizophreniaz?, aight hit me, I want to fly to NY just to leave a flaming bag of dog poop on you know who's doorstep, Don't forget that Scout + Megan are in Santa Monica..., Need help, card dead and short stacked with 22 left before the money!, I'm not say that I was talk contacts smh, May the '4 s' be with you!, Ha ha! I should've know mum would've seen it already. ;-), I'm in a good mood what do you expect.....?, Did you get a job with the people I referred you to? And where are you moving?, can't wait to see you, happy birthday! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>, After telling my out of town friends it was going to be "muggy" in LA, I had to reassure them they weren't going to be held at gunpoint., You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3*-*, Okay, last year I booked airfare to Buffalo, Ny for $250 round trip, this year $250 from a hub airport 5hrs away To go in July, it's $550, You dont have a HAM radio? You n00b. Go buy the honey-glazed one. It gets signals from Turkey..., Haircut! I look different, uh oh., m hmm...I see ya, did nick follow u, Oh I did? I couldn't remember if I sent one already. Thank you! :), Who killed all the Sudanese & the Rhwandans? I am not responsible for what someone with a similar skin color did 150 years ago., right on - be there soon., I feel ugly. I feel unloved. My grandma passed away...can this day get any worse, or...?, Ordering new bikes for ! Buddy Bike Sport w/NuVinci N360 & Buddy Bike Econo Single Speed both w/front end changes., hey doll. I miss you. How are you?, '"I'm wearing jeans today," he said casually., when u pray for something b ready to accept all that comes with it ., TGIF! “Don’t worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.”---Charles Schultz Have a great weekend!, she probably added points to your review actually, Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back., This heat needs to stop its too freaking hot, Dude, we totally lost y'all. ):, why does it have to be so cold right now?, I should really do my homework so I don't fail algebra, Another year is wrapping up, reminding us that providing our Eastside residents with a place to call home, and a community of which to..., well if you loose all your hair you'll be looking like & is going to have a lesbian crush on you!, Who do you think will be #5 on our list of the Top 10 Current NBA Players? Guess right and win a game for your iPhone., I would appreciate it., CMF club night soon at Heat?, Overwhelmed with all the birthday love :) Thankful for great friends and family. Hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving!, cool glad to hear so your 4given 4 being MIA working been working on new stuff w/2 of our artists staying busy!, So far, this is going to be VERY Beastie Boys heavy., loud Loud LOUD LOUDER. In case you're wondering what you're missing., *what is?, Met a really cute boy from Chicago last night. :)) I'm glad he got to meet my friends. :)), it's fantastic! I'd love to see something like that in the U.S.!, #Heartattack video premiere May 4th get ready to hear all about it from me I heart, #incollege u learn about shit that is irrelevant just like in high school. but some shot will really help yo ass in the long-run, My professor has said the phrase "lets do it quick and dirty" like 5 times in 2 classes. Kinda weird, Recovering from a nasty cold has put a strain on rehearsing for the next performance, hope I can pull it off :/, I have to do an extra assignment for contemporary art class. I'd rather, Time for session number 3. All about social signon, Teaching Fire! And the Insurance Industry at for insurance professionals., you can add to the list., Statistics may be faulty or unscientific, but never pseudo. Even bad statistics are statistics. I only rely on solid ones., This hora needs a new in the worst way., Theres some bold bitches on, NBC had great success in comedy this season? Umm...really?, hm....I'll sleep on it., haha yea she's hard to beat but congrats maddz, And the blast of dust and smoke, courtesy of PHX., This is the FIRST time on an AA flight from LA that I have had WiFi...AWESOME!, I have so many reasons to let go but I don’t know why I’m still holding on., Ugggghhh, tell me about it. BTW-I have the 1972 hockey encyclopedia if anyone wants to borrow it <g>., Why not have "social media host/hostess" thAt greets and guides u thru each show?, Thank you Glenn!, 2 different stores. 2 different fitting rooms. Mom asks their kid, "will they fall off when you're running?", DM me your email., u stole my heart and u r my inspiration I just wanted to let u no that and do u no what would be GRAND?If u would follow ..., Welcome to the team Damian Lopez!, Take my heart as you're leaving. I don't need it anymore., I love genuine, nice, cool ppl., Set-up stage for new client's social media is done. Just waiting for her business logo and post to complete the process., Up and ready!, I know right. Tomorrow, it's a date?, Please RT: #PR professional with over 8 years exp. seeking #job in #pr, #mediarelations, #eventplanning in #Detroit area., all u Guys Going To The Kenny Chesney Concert Have Fun U Lucky Dogs!, thanks man! I'm gonna miss you!!!!!, Mercy Aur helicopter just landed next to McKenzie Park in Chula Vista, New menus unveiled at all three Hudson Grille's... We've added pretzels, brats, burritos and much more. Come check it out for yourself!, Speaking out against Sexual Violence today at LaSierra University in Riverside., nice to connect with ya -- happy holidays!, congratulations on your decision to be a Buckeye. Looking forward to seeing you in the bus!, A "Hurricane" a la Pat O'Brien's? PLEASE stay safe, no kidding here., Stop by the REDD booths when you are there!, Nice; thanks for the suggestion!, Hoping for win for the blazers tonight!!, what is what lol ?, what is the best part of your job?, No that's so right :), Miss my bro, stoked on all your tweets about, I do #financialmarkets #sports #code I heard you're hiring, let's talk?, so i hear you tweet all the time show me your ways :p, The PURE Project from Brooks is good! I'm running in PureFlow now - great light shoes for experienced runners. Check all four!, And also, I'm relieved. You really helped me calm down. Thank you., #NewYearsEve tomorrow! Who's ready??? Holiday inn #Akron west better be!!!, Heard the son in the other room cheer on that goal! Kinda pissed me off.... #BadMother I take my #CAPS seriously!, what times is Tony Plush on 2morrow?, it takes awesome to know awesome, RT : OK wow, definitely another highlight. #Yahoo is doing great stuff here. What a pitty that the ontology is internal ;-), up early on this good easter day finna be out to raleigh soon no recordin til i get back -.-, Everytime I hear my alarm clock I hate it more and more., A recent national survey estimated rates of 8.4 percent for physical abuse and 6.0 percent for sexual abuse in the general population., Fun Fact of the Day: Elephants can communicate using sounds that are below the human hearing range:between 14 and 35 hertz!, saw that a little earlier. i think it works because community's fan base will follow it wherever. even friday nights., what celebrity would you most like to see ?, AT&T must enjoy being despised by its customers. Apparently one has to call AT&T customer service to disable voicemail., I want an DVD!! Let's make it happen !!, "Fuck you...beyond beyond beyond!" - Sayquan's immitation of a drunk girl in elevator. lol, New metro cars!? Yippee! (in a manly voice), Sometime around the year 1650, the legend has it that Baba bootlegged 7 coffee seeds attached to his body out of Mecca., #globalcensorshipyale Not to call you guys out, but I'm amused that 2/3 panelists are tweeting during their panel., RT : That Awkward Moment When a Virgin Cant Go in On a #TT Like #ThingsiDoDuringSex >.<, Finally Raining after weeks of drought. Nice slow drenching rain. I feel rejuvenated myself after a scorching summer., I really like the historical references, please do that more often!, its fun, Happy Monday! Beautiful morning for a drive in...no problems reported., CURRENT THURSDAYS presents MODELS & BOTTLES w/ DJ LION L 15 Models hanging around the VIP Section....come say hello :), okayy ! (: gotta pick a day ., LAY IT DOWN, Blah busy night and not feeling so hot. Yay, Much appreciated man. My pleasure, PAD THAI betchhh :-), RT : The People's Library is again open at #LibertyPlaza. 1000 people here now & staying all night. Happy anniversary #OWS!, The Middle Person In my profile picture? Lol, argentina is gonna be an amazing crowd!!, Im CHIEFN on this Presidental and its the shyt... Lear Gang, I recommend the current print edition of Wired magazine, "The Mental Machine". Full of fascinating stories about human-machine merge., being such a girl rt now ice cream,magazine,and popcorn=], CHRIS DAVIS IS WARMING UP! this game got good again haha!, Whats up? Thanks for following us on Twitter! We are an ALL AGES webshow from the Metro Detroit Area!, Was excited to have toast at my parents house for breakfast, until I saw they're doing the low carb thing again. No toast ANYWHERE!, so cool! Where was this?, Was thinking about the French Paradox today, and came to the conclusion that it would be more appropriate to call it the American Paradox., Great to see alumnus, Clare Van Fossen, being a leader for life with !, #SaySomething is AMAZING!!!! I'm actually dead!!! <3, no idea lol, Man, I absolutely *love* the #hackerspace!, Shout Out to the couple of the week & !! Love is in the air..LoL, u up late, thanks! which one you going to go to?, I am finding real companies ready to break-out, only want 100 in my newsletter club so hurry up www.mariasirenas.otcprophet.com Luv You, Its rainy, its cold, and you're hungry for warm food and friendly faces... come see us for our new noodle bowls and hot tea., I really hope other fields don't start crowing about science "failing" or somesuch--that Sarewitz can write such a thing is its strength., One trend I'll never understand: mismatched prints. Why, oh why? Since when did looking bad, look good?, Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome, and I don't feel like I am strong enough, Early going 44 cappers posted with a cons in Un.76ers & Devils...Cons 4-0 yes and now 12-1 last 4 days..more to come, Just finished my capoeira training session... Amazing stuff, Everyone follow ! Lets make this site the best USA site for !, BTW, nothing straighter than getting on top of another dude and giving him a haircut., I thank Obama everyday that my 401k rebounded after Bush's recession., ill see you monday at 6, just seeing this but I really can't wait lol, Any chance there will ever be an NBA team in Louisville?, Thanks, Noah. Once a die-hard, always a die-hard., Would anyone donate any amount of money to a kickstarter if we started one?! We really need your help! :D, been way too long...good to see your face!, Jemele, I want to debate Skip Bayless. I'm not a celebrity, but how do you become a candidate to debate? Any suggestions?, Also, apparently no one noteworthy has been born on this day since 1995 according to !, wishes to celtics guard marquis daniels for a fast recovery, ThMorUKno: The Book of Revelation is as much (or more) a political statement as religious. (Thru imagery, author take shots at the Romans.), Can't stop playing with the new keyboard controls on 's website. Sorry for destroying your analytics, dude., Question to think about as we close out 2011: "Are you sowing your time to just make your job prosperous and not yourself?", And it doesn't really matter if you break my heart, just as long as we're together and don't fall apart, ": A #Gemini is more attracted to your mind than your body." #sotrue wow me, Will be selling ($20, cash or check only) and signing copies of Lost Washington, D.C this Friday, Nov 4, 12:30 pm to 2:00 pm at MLK Library, I'm sorry, I see no reason for Jack Hannahan to be playing 1B for the Tribe. It is an offensive position and Hannahan's bat is offensive., Just got followed by : want to learn more about this awesome project. Follow if you dare :), #KY leads #Louisville by 8 late n the 1st half., "We can blame our hatred of self on a lot of things...or we can admit we were horrible people.", TJ was suppose to let me chill at his crib today... but it's cool, Scheduling nine grad students for summer work is not always easy. :P, A little less than a half an hour till #americanidol. Go !!!, I heard on NPR that the letters don't get any higher as years pass. Those seem to validate that fact., Close one! I thought we were a functional family for a minute. Thanks, step dad, for refusing to talk the entire meal!, Vernon Howard What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say., get naked for us!!!, Did a show @ the African American Museum on the African Mexican connection. Told stories of Yanga, Vincente Guerrero & Abubakari II., followed y'll..follow back:), 7-10-85 Shreveport 10 days later Snowman project ends. Dutch Mantell uses "shoebaby" to win Mid South TV title., replace "goldfish" with "humans" and i'm right there with ya, sending copy to vo talent now. Haha, I know. I suck., #ImHappy because i have a #father #God that will never leave me, #one who always protects me, guides me, corrects me & loves me forever., Thanks to everyone who followed us back!, Twitter > Facebook, This caffeine is chapping my lips. (as advertised), I HEAR YA, GIRLY,, I have no deep thoughts but I'd love to know what prompted the warning, #runinoftheday Navin from #TED in soho, wrapping ur present now, . yes, cos have started standing up to consumer bullies and they should, no one person/group controls prod/brand, blue by genesis, Kids listen to "'Twas the night before Thanksgiving" and make turkey-shaped cookies today, 11am & 2pm, $3 with admission!, Turn to Stone my fave song., .....& ya'll said kansas was better cause of their talent NO BITCH!!!!! Dont work that way Kentucky BUST THAT ASS!!!!, Dirk! and 1, ha HA! and hopefully at lest a few apples to pick in the fall.. :-/, I really hate DRAMA, Mustache. Such a quaint spot., :))) follow my new account, #Just a kiss on the lips in the moonlight, WHAT!!!!!!!!!!! thats awesome! best decision ever haha, EA Sports running a Holiday sale on many of their games for the IPhone and IPad, $.99 per game, Yay mobil photos work again, I've been looking @ the subway ads & wondering what it meant, so that was a really timely post about GCB., MANDA call me now!, &#39;Avengers&#39; set to rescue Disney - and Hollywood, Forgot to mention : Steve Case bought Merrywood, the childhood home of Jackie's, BTW., I think I saw at Sakuracon. He was the one dressed only in bike tights, pretending to be Captain Fixie., lol. My teams looking good in this moment!, It's colder than a witches tit in a brass bra in this school., Maybach Corporation™ Coming Soon., I think Drake's campaign will forever change higher ed brand marketing. Blog post to come..., The fact remain..Mitt Romney only gives to his LDS church..NO community service among local communities!, I'm on a less than 3 hour turnaround of sleep! Oi! Thanks to shooting with today! (which I am happy to do, but sleep deprived), yeah, I'm optimistic big picture, like a lot of ppl wanted it this yr bad, The Tucson shooting ended when he was reloading., so how's school?, Females are so fake OMG you don't have to speak to me bitch keep it moving, I'll be riding around #logansquare tomorrow on my bike taking photos. Any places you want me to hit up for ?, ha! That's awesome. Have you heard of Torche? Been jamming their latest all week. Awesome stuff., Hey! Day's going well... Headed to a lunch appointment. You?, “If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.”, #RestinpeaceWhitneyHouston rest in peace, you will be missed, great to be with in Atlanta for their regional conference. Great people. Great Spirit!, John Kings wife is Dana Bash who is Anti-Paul! So he won't go to Paul except for retarded questions!, Happy Birthday Ladies!, Thank You Joan is trending! Tell Ariana ¦, ok thats whats up, ill check him out and see if we can work somethin out. good lookin bro, do you have an email address I can email you my address >.< so you can send me my fantabulous prize ^_^, When have the Packers/TT not drafted for need? Sherrod / Bulaga / Clay / Raji / Perry. I can see Jordy but he was a 2nd., I want to curl up and hide, blah. But I have to go to work for 3 important meetings this afternoon. Boo., I MISS MY FRIENDS..., Damn u beat me to it! : I'm bout to start tellin bitches "You're free to go", Advice to Pres. Jackson from his mother: "Do not lie, steal or quarrel as long as your manhood is not in jeopardy.", oh goodness I know, l0l!, Fire up those Denon's! Time to go to work! On our way downtown., shooting with today - yay!, A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral. -A.SaintExupery, Happy World Press Freedom Day!, I'm always at my job 30 mns early, chilling in the lunch room. Haha ..., Goal! Barcelona 0, Manchester United 1. Nani right footed shot from the left side of the box to the centre of the goal., I went to two places to get a book that i want... they were BOTH CLOSED! PISSED OFF, Aw! Thanks ;0) ((HUG)) but not as cute as you! lol, Good morning Twitter friends! I'm up early it's a nice sunny day!! :)) ! I'm going to get my tweets caught up today!! Tweet you all later!, RT : Night yall going to sleep, buffalo... get down to mohawk place. now ., Hey guys! Sorry I'm not tweeting much, you know how school is. ¦¦¦¦, why the fuck are all of my dreams about drugs..?, TODAY IS THE DAY! Look around Rochester today for Book Givers!, When it comes to social commentary, #AndrewNiccol hasn't lost his touch. had my pulse racing, and wasn't a, travel safe!, Energy Policies That Will Lead to Economic Growth "Doing something" for the economic development means "doing something" for energy devel, hotel VQ is stepping up! Stay close for VIP tickets to events, games, special promotions, giveaways and more;> Why? BC we LOVE our city!, So excited to be able to give out another scholarship this year! We'll announce this year's winner next week., i love it when you find a band/artist that no-one knows about, My Top 5 Favorite Trip Hop/Ambient Groups Of All-Time: 1). Portishead 2). Puscifer 3). Massive Attack 4). Tricky 5). How to Destroy Angels, I'm a slytherin!!!!, Is better to be SINGLE for your entire liferather than being in a relationship with a bad couple for one minute., And they should be. Another good, but not great year., whats up with that when u goin in, Seriously, there is nothing worse than reading the self-referential narrative of someone who is writing about writers block., I'm so bummed...I had plans to be there, got called to Austin to fin a film I wrkd on at the last minute!!, I have one that lives in my closet :P, The Brewers are three wins away from the world series... just thought about that...., who's your favorite?! :), yea ! email me his pic I wanna C if hes the same one from last week, that moment when you walk in a class knowing you will fail the quizz #MichelleHelpUs lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>, Happy Mothers Day Mama (: -Ally, Recent user feedback has alerted us to the unacceptable ads on our site. Until we have a solution for this, enjoy an ad-free WebCamWindow., I'll probably say nice things about it later, but RIP Pineriders., What's on tap for today? Fugazi and a venture into the great outdoors on this beautiful Easter Sunday. Holidays alone aren't that bad., not a bad time to watch my first hockey game of the year. I'm w, cinema just came on the radio and i started freaking out because the boyz' performance of this is one of my favorites<3, Starting another week of classes.. Blah, You are too I'm sure. Was it a contest or something, or does his Dad have great library connections ;), Hate when she does this ...., No longer livin' the single life., Need to catch up on some Z's !, If you are an out of market hockey fan and don't want to pay for xm radio, the hockey radio app for iPhone is awesome, noo don't do that! you should talk to all of the awesome megan and liz fans via twitter right now&help trend!, AT&T network says I have full 3G signal right now. AT&T network lies like a politician., Results of my MRI this week && hopefully the Dr will have news about my heart., RT if u want Ariana to come to ur house...:), Does that mean its several TV channels can't pick up a live feed of a San Diego station or something to that effect?, Tomorrow morning is gonna kick my butt., broken swamp cooler. how am i supposed to sleep?!, DEAR GOD. I have to share a hotel room with Madison Azim this weekend. Shoot me, do it fast!!!, saw it today. Have recommended it to everyone via FB and Twitter. Amazing performance!, love it! Serenity now!!!', ex. "San Francisco...the Lemon Sharing Captial of the world" meh. We need a really awesome title for the winning city., Waitaminute, this Kathy Griffin show is genius., i stay up late every night, regret it every morning, then do it all over again smh. Just for her... ;), Busy summer! The Wild Party opens Friday woo, its not about being biased, its just i dont know their reasoning, we would get a bigger gate in my mind., buy some extra pints of custard for the team...upset special, Good night everyone :), Happy birthday! Your rookie year was my first year playing football I wore #67 felt like a badass for wearing your number man, February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you., >Getting old! MT : a girl was showing me her tongue ring at a party this weekend. had to put on my reading glasses to see it!, hey I meant to say sorry I couldn't make it I had to work his was it? How is your new place?, Re-introducing Mr. David Fryman as the man behind the animal skins for SM! Will things get crazy? prolly haha!, what's your YouTube channel?, dats what's up it's all legit?, #LeePelton - we must have the moral courage to respect each other, so much love! Love it!, Why aren't you?, After reading about the blog lawsuit over a twitter account ($340k!), I wanted to know my twitter worth. According to : $69, To our 3 patrons who helped a lost gentleman, thank you. Such a Mitzvah. Your kindness is a blessing!, Pain stabbed my heart, as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world. Jack Kerouac,hb, Is anyone else picking up on this weird repeating noise on the Emmys that sounds like a cellphone from 1992 speed-dialing?, Thanks, Michael. I enjoyed your piece on how you became MR Editor. Take care, and hope your work is going equally swimmingly., Wow #Titanic its been 100 years! Live on forever!, Vegan sausage made w Roasted Red Pepper, jalapeno, Garlic n Pepperjack Daiya cheese today!, We had an extremely busy day today. Thank you for all the well wishes on the anniversary of our Senior Transitional Housing Program!, best thing is probably to create a new list, and then go to your following list and add everyone in class to that list, how do I get your fan mail address ? <3 6, 17 Then Cain beckoned his wife to conceive, so he became the ancestor of Enoch, and built a citadel after the consensus of human belief., Thanks! Glad to be back. Nothing makes me miss the USA like being in Europe! :), hey betch next time you change the paper towels put it in the right way lmao, This kid across from me has been playing the same song, without headphones on, for about 20 minutes now, SWITCH THE DAMN SONG ALREADY!!!!!!!, I hate all bugs -___-, Doesn't it seem like NASA could be brought in on the Gulf disaster? Their engineers MUST be better than BP's., Its a LeAnn Rimes kind of morning, "Boy bands appeal to women b/c there are 5 guys telling us we're beautiful and The chances of love are high" They found out our secret!, Thank you for the #FF! Same to you! Have a great weekend!!, Anyone in the Twitterverse have a love of a particular web host? I need one for a personal portfolio site., But, soft! what duck through yonder window breaks?, Just finally got that damn tick out of Kisha. Glad she's okay, My legs fell off I think, zero the senate or congress wont let them, then lets play! I promise I'm not that bad.., I want to learn French, but if you'd told me at 25 this is where I'd be I think I would have laughed, chatted with someone at about signing up! these clothes will be so fun to send to Boikokobetso, my sponsored girl in So. Africa!, Budgeting is already a given, but doing it in advance can provide you with a visual of your finances., Cuddling right now sounds perfect ... *sigh, The Diminishing Digital Divide, RT : STUCK IN THE 1880S AGAIN <STOP> EXPLAINING TO A KID WITH POLIO THAT RICH PEOPLE IN THE FUTURE DON'T LIKE VACCINES..., New KoRn and Paul Wall rock!, we are close!, I know lol I like Olivia. Tracy retweeted me one time though haha:), #MyThoughtsDuringSex who's winning the game?????, Curren$y and Melanie Fiona too..., Happy Friday and Happy Tweeting !, I'm heated Louisville lost but it's OK cuz my state is still in it, What channel? The Grinch certainly makes for a wonderful xmas eve eve!, I will cut #government spending & minimize gov't bureaucracy. Let's bring back the American Dream!, was up fool...where u been hiding...dm me yur #...we need to take over again..., Even after I speed by a cop, and he doesn't pull me over, it takes me 15 minutes to finally believe he won't., Beautiful opal! (I'm still wishing for an Alexandrite someday...), going to get a bite in mickey D's :D, That's Outstanding! Happy Anniversary to the two of you. :), you're not factoring in the 54% GDP growth that will result with the new lower taxes, Ur sitting right nex to me, pitch black heist just made my fucking day! awesome short at #TFF cant help but love Fassbender, No Xbox. Too poor and not enuf time to really play. My career choice is way more time consuming then people think., #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Snow white and the seven titties., I concede that Dick Cheney is more progressive on the pressing issue of building a Death Ray to steal a giant diamond., Thanks Cuppycakes, you have the BEST business name ever!, Dude... It is about about done! Time to have a party! May 12, mark it on your calendar... Graduation and party at the Rasp house!, A few minutes away from an assignment deadline with quite a bit to go and then coming to find out its been extended a few days =, #nwill2011 current ILS systems are built on an architecture that was developed 25 years ago., Playign at Silver Star in Alvarado, TX tonight! One of our favorite dancehalls to play. Woo Hooo!, I love you like fat lady loves cake, just pulled a Halo all-nighter. Haven't done that in ages!, That's the spirit!, “The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.” Chuck Palahniuk, You google it you're the one sitting at home lol, same up watchin roll bounce.. Lol, you're well on your way to being able to change tires with telekinesis...i'll give you about two more years, Can wait for NEw EPISODE!!! ah so EXCITED!! luv yah!!, Yeah, it was too fast for me. BTW, local cool person is just getting bees, too., agreed was a pleasure meeting you. :-), After a while they all seem the same, play what?, Taking the train home for the first time!, He's definitely a flawed player, but I think he's more talented than people give him credit for., Back to LA, Denver after that, lots of work to do... Big week!, Are you back in town? How was the weather for the remainder of your trip? I saw foggy on Wednesday near the coast., I want to be able to decide to take a day off and go spend it laying on the beach.., got an applause break on saying the word wal-mart. Ventura Harbor is awesome!, It bothers me when girls hate on others for being pretty. Everyone should appreciate beauty in all forms!!, sorry for the lack of updates yesterday, soo many interviews!, That makes me very sad :(., Oh snap! It's my fav too! : oh my fav! : Don't Forget! Today's Flavors are: Chocolate Malt & Grasshopper Fudge, you should do a duet with your sisters !!!!!!! <3, Absolutely - mostly because of the bacon. :-), the awkward moment when people don't recognize u., lmao all we would do was bag on her naked mole rat ass hahaha, Khalessi is the hottest, Trying to be quiet and failing epically...this wrapper just makes too much damn noise..XD, i feel ya cavelle!, Amy I love your show I'm probably the biggest fan ever and if u follow me back I will be happier than a fat kid on cake :) <3 LLT, good morning April have a good one, which piece are you looking for? Let us know and we can definitely check for you!, like seriously. she is NEVER tired. and when i want something: "no honey, i'm tired.", follow me because your cool like that ;), Wish I could go back in time and undo the decision I made, but its too late...or is it?, Time to stop the music and eat food…, Knicks/Rangers/Mets....FAIL, thanks guys!, When I was 15, I was a bagger at Meijer and the Baja Men had a concert in the produce section. Seminal moment in my life., TURN HATE INTO MOTIVATION FOR SUCCESS AND LIFE IS GOOD, absolutely! Looking for the backup in case the red one doesn't work., glad you feel the same!With that said please give me credit for the tweets you've copied & pasted from my page, thanks in advance., thanks Tommy!, forgive me for failing to keep your girls straight. your love life is hard to follow., last time I'd checked it's still 3-0 right ?, There he go that's John doe, Im mad people walk through the train with no shoes on. Disgusting, #iwantMandyback ~ come on make it happen :)! hope U'r smiling today :)! take care :), Those increases altogether is how many hours would that give to a library, hours at pool, # of sidewalk repairs & so forth?, =) RT What do u mean pretty, pretty pretty good? Its FANTASTIC! Have been travelin. You'll see me again soon :-), he's gonna tweet at you be careful, I am not sure how I feel about #RyanBraun winning his appeal., "Wanna love baby...... Wanna feel you.."---Avant, About to hit legs today. Workout days= good days, What is your best method for memorizing copy? Sides? Speeches etc.?, To Keep smiling, and one day life will get tired of upsetting you., Hey People At Home Chilling With My Bestie !, I used to call people muggles in the 5th grade., RT : Everyone wish luck today. BIG grand opening!, I'm pretty sure allot of people know lol, Uh, 'ritas, obviously., I have hidden your word in my heart that I might not sin against you. -Psalm 119:11 -- Daily Bible (), followed back., “: You looked so PRETTY ! & your dress is Gorgeous ! (:” thanks hun !, Hahaha! I am Michigan = Awesome, Drove through PM and decided to not stop, but yes, quite a pleasant happening 'hood on a summer evening. Tons of folks out., Graduation trip., #RollTribe shots for that, Add to your amazing list the word "theremin" which will get you a follow from a theremin superstore., I know, right!, You wanted some quality time with Twitter. ;), Interesting talk w/ psychiatrist today about the deep, difficult to measure benefits of SLPs simply being with & listening to ppl w aphasia, I must have done something really horrible in a past life to be immune to the effects of caffeine. I'm talking Caligula horrible., yeah. you forgot about your abs......, I'd like to #WinAMini because my baby LOVES splish splash splosh so much that I need to capture her underwater adventures :), David - "girl what you doin, baby here tonight, you cant be single..." - "I'm not, I'm married" David - "....", feeling like I wanna punch a wall and cry at the same time <<<, Tracking heavy Heavy rain, golf ball sized hail in Stearns Co., and you can't prove that anything happened so meh!, Um Mel? It's about the crazy pills. I really want to put him and Charlie Sheen in a room and roll tape. That's reality TV at its finest., 742 faithful followers on instagram. Love them. ~, RT : Bruh ANY artist wants to be appreciated for their work, you wouldnt want someone messing up your hard work would you?, Austin Mahone is single. RT this while you still can.<3, Thank you for following, I will check out your site!, Wants to have nasty sloppy rough Freaky hair pulling ass smacking sex That is all, I'm putting that quote on my about page. Next to your illustration. I'm just gonna let you talk from now on, is what I'm saying., New Snowboard jacket in the mail! Now all I need is the snow... better not be lying!, Your next tweet is your 100th (:, thx for following keep up the good work, great wonder if ms. Bitch is here today!, Get ready World!, The hard part of enterpreneurship is implementation. Everyone talks about the same ideas. Success is implementing those ideas, I'm always on my best behavior ;), Thanks, Kati. Glad you find my business postings useful., can i get ur Follow back #TeenWolfs fans!!=D <3, what's up with facebook's security certificate? https gets flagged., yes I have faith. Just need to do more volunteering and networking!, <U+266C> Good talking with you this morning Dave, look forward to working with you in the very near future <U+266C>, Hey friends, fam and fans of my music...please follow me here to receive updates on my band "The Railways", I will PackABag&Go to Dayton to surprise Mom on May 4th not a surprise now? :), Time to write 14 pages for my PSYC 101 class., Feel better! In other news, are you going to Rob's for Easter? If so, would I get to see you at all that weekend if I come home?, How many tickets did you get?, There is no victim yet. Zimmerman is innocent until proven guilty. Due process even for people we hate, wake'em up.But if you don't have a game plan to actually combat the "Illuminati" people will roll over and go back to sleep, Jump, Bitch, Jump, "More room on the mantle for the bigger trophies." - , on winning life, but not literally winning everything., Sometimes Twitter & Facebook is a big What Would You Do? With John Quinones., now accepting gas money donations and iced coffees- im easy to please, I must admit I'm not the biggest fan of the Dentist., Keep forgetting you guys are like 1000mi North of us. Guess you see the Northern Lights sometimes., no how would dm it to me, John Mayer kind of day. His voice is magic, Thanks for the follow! Happy easter, I know you!!, Man, it's great in many ways (scary in others)! I love being on the bleeding edge of my industry. How are you?, cuz ill punch you in the ovaries!, you're off the air again!, "Utilize" is a useless way to try to sound smart. Use "use.", you're going to the game, right?, You have number right? I'll be around on Friday so give me a rang a dang, Alex can I get a follow back(:, RT : I live in St.Louis and use Twitter for PLN. I learn so much from others here., I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from Pretty Please!, I wish that everyone would just stop playing the victim and take responsibility for their actions. Is that to much to ask for?, Just watched fireworks from the Sunken Garden - pretty good showing this year. And we didn't get stuck in traffic on the way home., Exhausted, but what a great day with a fabulous team! Photos are amazing., #On Your Grind. You Say Not Really Um 2 Steps ahead of You:/, and onto movie #5! happy cinco de mayo...., *boys RT Haa,I swear girls these days., Can't wait to see you July! My ¦ Germany and ¦ UK!, T.G.I.F. Woot woot for the weekend! Shout out to our cool fans., Holy shit! ESPN First Take is now 45 minutes into sucking off/bashing Tim Tebow. Leave the kid alone and talk about something else., Last week flew by as per usual- sent you one today :), #wheniwas14 I was dreaming about BoB <3, well alot has been happening here and there>>>>just random things, Sometimes it's way too tempting to stay in my pjs, drink coffee, and watch the rather than get ready for work., A few months ago. I dont remember when but it was near GRB., If you ain't runnin with it , run from it muthafucka, Knock KnockWho's there !Bologna !Bologna who ?Bologna & cheese !, Why am I still awake?!, We dig your song "Need a little something." Do you play in Houston often?, it's hiding really well!!! It's exausting, but I'm not giving up!, Well my life is complete. I'm being followed by !, Does this tweet look cooler than my previous tweets?, that's the reason we pay such high taxes. So our towns PW can create more work for us homeowners, makes me sick to my stomach bro-, You're pretty awesome yourself, Ramy. Really enjoyed meeting you. Please keep in touch., pretty involved, both SLA & MLA. not on a super high level, but committees and such. :), ah well I have given thought to doing the same via bike but across the country, #birthdaycake for #breakfast it gonna be an amazing day!, Lol. Four of those tickets I got in one day when the towed me during a snow storm., Hmm... what should we do today? How about move the Media Center staff offices out of Odegaard and into Suzzallo? OK!, text me back. Woman., Quick shower then imma make my way down, I'll tweet you to see where you at by then and just meet up, when is her wedding?, Thanks for this week's RT!, Just received a great new assignment -- coordinating the visit of a group of Tibetan monks to make a sand mandala this fall., Either gonna be freaking excited or morbidly depressed all by one goal..., Me, too! RT #IWannaSlap whoever started #OnlyFatPeople TT, may be we should build people up instead of breaking them down., MT ": #52CardPickup Your new hint for this coming Saturday's 52 pickup is: 'Artistic'." On Second Saturday? May need another hint., RocBeer Social @ Half Pint to start tonight. Abilene's Pro Jam we sponser to close it. Yeah, that's how we roll., #artsummit Salt Writer's motto, the only prison is the prison of the self. Arts transform prison experiences., Haight street has dry mouth, Nice. Doing my taxes used to be easy. Now it's complicated., Yes and no. Those are our companies, but we did not organize it - hence why I didn't think of it. But we will be there!, I have no respect for people who eat pizza with a fork., what do you have to say about leinart and palmer being reunited in oakland lol, There is going to be some pain over at the UT., Herman Cain on Hannity show. Should he really be giving ANYbody--let alone Newt Gingrich--advice on debate strategy?, you like so much of Brazil, right? I can send something Brazilian for you, a gift if you want! :), Oregon City :D, has some big news. . . . we'll announce soon. . stay tuned!, i do have..but been so busy.. Forgot to charge... Hehe., I'm not weak, I don't let a nigga control me. I can think for my damn self!, So Bored in woman terms means So Lonely, Attention baseball coaches - looking to make some extra money? PBI is hiring for sales positions today! Contact us for more information a…, 4/20 Tribute: Who's Your Favorite Celebrity Stoner? - The Hollywood Gossip, Yup at the crack of noon., Eating sugar packets to pass the time. Domino sugar is better than C&H, FYI, after 's previous post i've discovered that 'butter cook' is a MEMBER of a band called 'the fruitnannys'. pretty mediocre imo., All of a sudden, the web seems a little bit emptier., Heading to Devil's Alley tonight because I want a burger. Anyone who wants to come out and have a drink with me for my Birthday text me., “I’m Don Cornelius, and as always in parting, we wish you love, peace and soul!” -Don Cornelius, “I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down...” -Abraham Lincoln, Good morning #Colts fans! We have two tickets to Sunday's game vs. Titans that we will give away in 3 hours. Twitter contest at 12PM EST!, What are the chance I eat dinner at the same restaurant as my afternoon co-host Please surprise!, you're welcome! Enjoy it and shake that bootay lmao, I think so. It's for the nieces and nephews. I'm over at my Sis's house right now, sponging her DSL, so I can't confirm that., Writing "Verified Account" in your bio....smh, How many of u can guess if the right answer Do I smoke weed? Yes or no What do u guys think, Hating Stuck on runway again for over two hours, absolutely ridiculous., Dick Clark* gotta stay, LLAMA FACE, M.. breakfast tacos..., Only short-term change Instagram's planning is a "laughing all the way to the bank" filter. Makes all your pics look money., Where you at, it's a myth that many blindly buy into and defend against "dangerous encroachments" like gay marriage, . stopped in DC today, shared report. Curious 2 see results from studies applied 2 dance companies & organizations, Can't wait for Wednesday! :D, hell yeah bro what about you?, There is maybe one person reading who will get this, but I'm thinking WebGenDB error report madlibs would streamline my daily routine., Miss u guys: my loves RT : Ro said follow back >>>>>>, ,U guys don't explain stuff so non-Tax paying Voters can know the Truth $200K is Gross, millionairs ??,so get it right, : HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, reduces #deficit and increases personal liberty. Please support!, It is essential that we get her back in captivity. She has been last seen on Patapsco Avenue and Washington Boulevard in Baltimore Maryland., I agree with Matt Fox and your assessment of rural NC. There are no against signs once you get out of the big cities., #Thatawkwardmoment at parties when you read someone else's text and it's about some crazy sex, LeBron outworking ppl as usual. Can we get him to a shrink, though, please! Post game and a psyche get fixed, he be GOAT, We had a blast at the Deaddog Barn last night! Nothing like a good old fashioned country beer and metal fest., #idol - Colton or Hollie going home - that's terrible. Whoever it is apparently the vote had nothing to do with talent., Now available for commercial work in San Francisco Bay Area., I don't know about you, but I'm stoked that tomorrow kicks off the season. Gotta start setting up some of the tailgate stuff today., RT : Happy baseball birthday to Babe Ruth. And yesterday was Hank Aaron's birthday. Talk about a solid back-to-back combo., #ThatAwkwardMoment when you're curious to know the girl you graduated with who her baby's daddy is. Lol #SoNosey #OhWell <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>, We changed our facebook page to the new look, we hope you guys like it! -CRG Team, Summertime, and the livin' is easy., That sobering reality when you realize your identity was so heavily interconnected with an organization you no longer lead., excited 4 your new season 2nite love that u share your gift & give grieving hearts peace would love 2 c u! #<3mymom, Thinks Brendon should of stayed in the big brother house!, Let's toast to it being Friday.....with 2 for 1 beverages ALL DAY! The nice cold pool awaits you....!, flinched when Camilla raised that elbow. I still like her, but we now know she a pretty girl and can't fight so *shrugs*, yay! See you at the show!, Even against Bryzgalov, I didn't think the #NJDevils could score with the #Flyers. Perhaps this series will be competitive after all., will Joe air on your BBC World News program this weekend?, At the 2010 #WHCD, President Obama threatened the Jonas Bros. with Predator Drones if got the wrong idea about Sasha or Malia. Really., Maybe. And yeah, followers have been dwindling., Watching the amazing Hilary Lindsey and Liz Rose tonight!, If you didn't win today hope to do more once the season starts. thank for all the entry's, Bravo Live shows that Harrahs St louis has 1/2plo and 1/2nl going right now., So great catching up with you yesterday..., Aw, Tebow, should have ran it., Now she's about to graduate and I couldn't be more proud. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, You remember that time we could just stare at each other for hours without getting bored? Oh you don't Well, I remember our whole thing. </3, Thanks, anywhere I can listen to some stuff?, Game 7, Thursday. Props to Clemmensen on stopping an absurd amount of shots., This Friday we are hosting a Kids Mardi Gras with Yo Mamas and Papas at Tickets are $5 at door. Kids under 5 are FREE!, Not since the Atari 2600 made it's way into my house in...awhile ago, have I wasted so much time. Angry Birds is the crack of the app world, - u sir r a coward! u cant meet with parents and u hide behind subordinates! u obviously know zero about education. resign now!, right on my brutha, Thank you!, As much as I want to do things my way and take matters into my own hands...I'm keeping my peace...I'm going to keep still...and it works!, RT : Learn to swirl & spit like a pro Spectator's seminar: Fri 6pm & Sat 12.30pm, Wow. Just wow. Plastic in my potato?, Safe travels to Colorado , I wish you were coming to see me! one week till we are reunited in the Rocky Mountain state!, Thank you for the kind words! :), hey! big boy, we on it!, Love doing " The Chew" makeover segments, what is wrong with you? Looks like you will never have a head coaching job again making comments like that., loved his single! They were playing it as we were waiting on Vashawn recording to start. I had to ask someone -- who is this?, new videos??, As good as it felt to vote for her, have to say it felt even a bit better for Sumi! RT Vote Kloppenburg today!, Tight All Star Game. Nice work by the Seatown reps, I just literally fell down laughing hyun, Keta's Potluck: Remembering when the salesman came to the door - Green Bay Press Gazette, vivo's off manor is always a staple for a date night for me., hypocrite... you're jumping in my business right now, Hey boy hey!, preview of 3m cloud library set to roll out in 3/12. Sign up early for 3 yr commitment and get discount off $15k base price. Hm .., AH! Please post a picture babe :D, Haha can't taste good. Esp coming from SkyMall RT : protein ketchup??, im sorry your sad. Yeah im busy im at work. Im sorry!, Good morning everyone!, haha imagine what she would say!, Nice, a Hello Kitty Bridal store! How cool!, a faggot is a pile of sticks, lol we used to get that Alot, options rock!, People are always so quick to judge., I just picked up a fesh box of Business Cards from I am ready to go network again!!!, Love your program. I owe you a #SDBW "Heavy Petti" Double IPA and a high-five when you're in town for, St. Louis, and surrounding district, community members testifying in support of HB 1228., We are tracking a line of storms that may bring lightning, strong wind gusts & small hail. We are under the slight risk for severe weather., Gettin ready to go to my homegirl wedding reception gna be a good night, can't stand him!!!, When I get that I'm a OWN IT!, I am still in disbelief!!, We'll be showing Real Madrid vs AC Milan game. Ibra, Ronaldo, Ronaldinho, Mou... Excitement for sure! game starts at 11:45 am, doing fine. Busy with all the usual plus arrangements for the book, Just saw 4 red Camry's in Maysville must be a popular color!, Landed just in time two minutes before airport noise "curfew." Now need a taqueria., trying a La Sirena robust on the back porch. Very nice stick especially for the money. Have they taken off at all?, I hurt finger and didn't mean to but I will make it up to her, I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver. - Maya Angelou, Watching Matlock with grandma, It's snowing! Careful driving today!, So there are jobs I cannot apply at until my balance at UH is 0.00. That is the rule. The law. I was hoping they could be a little kinder, you in LA this week?, It's game day! Glad I get off at noon today....Who Dat?, Walkable mixed use, oh anytime ;), Double Duty!! FB & Twitter at once!!, Right back at you - it is thrilling to be a camper! RT : 1,2,3,4 Here's smore campers u need to know-, especially with young coming back. But this team has such a 2008 feel to it, it is sad, Jacob... I move back in 20 days, reading is fundamental., hahaha that kinda funny, I could listen to Thom Yorke all day, but these videos are hilarious, already can't wait for the weekend. time is going by so, Iidk i dnt think he scored yet, not sure yet, another exam Monday, Idk it starts at 6. You went to football games last year., just because he doesnt like you anymore doesnt mean you need to go around and talk about him., GPS on sharks AND Walter Benjamin. Now that's a keynote., Same here! Um, except now only 1 hour!, When youre trying to eat healthier but theres only unhealthy bullshit at your house <<, in my perfect world, train travelers who start their phone convo with "I'm on the train" would be thrown off it., My travels have taken me through TN, MS, KY, GA and WV. Anthony Bourdain couldn't have done it better. Headed home, Any word on how many living Medal of Honor recipients there are? 60 has to be a large %age., -dies- RT ": his dick is hairy ? RT Eminem's dick? RT what's hairy and long ?", Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger. Proverbs 15:1 Feel free to..., Aside from the few obvious ones...are there any other #Marvel films on the horizon?, Grizz survives late Ciippers surge to advance to gm 6!, McGhee: 2nd thing is to see the world we want. Temptation is to focus on what we don't want, the problems. But what we focus on gets bigger., Welcome! RT a few of my fellow service members & I r dining at your downtown Elways restaurant,right now. U should swing by, It's like they forget about him. They'll learn RT : PF no man's land on D....15ft...that's all I can think of!, I just did....thanx, You're welcome :), Hey are youi ok?, I still have left over pancakes would yu like some, I don't care much for leftovers so I'm going to do today different than yesterday., I felt bad because you'd already retweeted it, but I couldn't handle it., The Rainbow's 40th anniversary tonight was CRAZY! So many people there, and it amazes me to be around so many talented musicians! Awesome!, in the grand tradition of evolution I think it's important to ask ourselves: "what's better than capitalism"., RT Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing & Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages | Major Buzz GUARANTEED, Dig it, he's going after the banks. Waa-hoo! Remember the disc "Our Man In Jazz?" BO is "Our Man In World.", Miss everything , I really did mess up and didnt even realize , but i'm going to fix everything and never let this happen again, but my guess is 74 may try to talk 46 into staying. In the end, it's exactly what 46 needs. Lots of talent there, unfulfilled., but is it sweet? those early melon can be such a tease., Pay your balance due to the IRS with a MasterCard, Discover, Visa credit card and Bill Me Later at www.payUSAtax.com., lol just saw a Scott Walker and a Barack Obama sticker on the back of an old car., so i got a shit load of clothes to put away -__- as my boyfriend is driving around with kids for something dumb, big money lol, i wishh i could be spending mothers day with my mom. ill see her soon though /:, #easterfoodcoma I need to buy bigger pants after today., so far she has resubmitted her transcript to show increase in grades. how else can get off wait list at, My fave song #birthdaycake on .....i.want that cake cake cake cake cake..., Always Say Anything in Philadelphia., I no this is going to end but until it does, thank u jesus, went in with $40, came out with 1200.00, calder again!, Guess who gets to define 100 vocab words on paper for 40 bonus points in Psychology., Turning our amps up to 11 today!! Jye!, the live version of angry birds was fucking awesome! Maybe try real birds next time., Touche. I'll quit my whining one of these days. Nice first issue, by the way., "A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walk out.", Gonna get my ass murked in this track meet lmao, all that sounds awesome but replace boyfriend with a girl then it would be better!, Oh. That makes sense. I just didn't connect it to the home. Thought you just dubbed a pair, "Thou art kitchen shoes!", I'm ready for bed and it's not even 8:30 yet!, nope :p, Living here makes me feel like everything in my life is an actual movie, you sneaky bastard! I was listening to some AT yesterday!! Likewise my man, can't wait to unite the clans... You're the jam, That tired feeling where you feel like you're going cross eyed and copious amounts of caffeine does absolutely nothing to help, #AskBilas Could you throw it down like Anthony Davis?, Some big news on the line!!, -smiles- what's up, Feeling lonely :( I need a relationship :/, Paying for college football « Fully Myelinated, Man it's March & we got #summer weather!, Behave with your new friend :P, Neighborhood 3:Recquisition of Doom opens February 16th! Be there or you've lost your coolness factor., Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with., Excellent. And ouch. :), “: Whats good with you today?”jus playin like a playa. What's good with you, ": It is not the No. of friends you have but how much you talkwith them & them with you-several RTs R better than 7000 followers", Early morning in Santa Clarita, you're very sweet and you're welcome. hope your event was a huge success!, on my slow jams, Let us die young or let us live forever, We don’t have the power but we never say never. #foreveryoung <3, Him: So what's up on Twitter this morning? Me: Twitter voted, they think you are a jackass too. Him: It's gonna be a long day isn't it?, Did I get it right? Or, um, did I get it wrong? :-D, Hey twitter world. How's life treatin' y'all?, If you fuck God you have issues. Otherwise you're awesome ... Despite your republican friends., Happy momma's day #Guam time to all my awesome mommy fam & friends back home. ^_^¦¦, howr things? heading to St Louis anytime soon?, In Queens where I belong<3 :], new shit again, - You Too ^______^, Opening hymn: "We're Out for Blood" by, girl until 9pm its cool tho, Totally love 's online e-book collection. One of the best benefits of living in Fairfax County!, you can just say it on here, RT : Always feel inspired after every piece. Thank you for a wonderful production of Noche Latina, quick moment to gloat...fixed home wifi and it didn't cost me a single cent (just brain energy!), “ What a wonderful surprise to have such a warm welcome to twitter- thank you everybody!” she's too precious, The CSBG committee meeting kicks off @ 10:15am. Will you be attending?, Dippin' Dots is bankrupt? There goes my one of my favorite lines: "Dippin' Dots has been the ice cream of the future for over 20 years!", I miss elementary where I use to bring cupcakes to my friends., I think your brother was in my class., #humanitiesPhDs provide #counterculture #branding your company, yes. I've stopped reading most linked in groups because they are mostly peeps posting links to their blog posts., omg I'm sure! I can't wait! You should have a southern food wedding!, movie in the parks!, Open Hours at #OGStudio tomorrow 830-1130am and Wed 830-1230. Come with your ideas, an open mind and willingness to #collaborate!, That's game! #SportingKC beats LA 1-0 & is still unbeaten. Great game by & the team., I'm sorry, but "more recent?". It's still from 2008. ;), where ur game, I think I might won tillys best male pic they haven't posted winner yet, Did you know that Web of Knowledge offers direct export to RefWorks? If you don't see the button in WoK, contact your Thomson rep to enable., nicely said ;), I'm not disagreeing with that premise for sure. Most sigs not "cursive" and I feel most adults write in modified block?, Thanks to Gloria Kwan, Proskauer's Recruiting & Diversity Coordinator and #PENCILPartner for helping with yesterday's Partnership Workshop!, Excited to see make the #WDS session cut as well! Can I get a "line ticket" for that one (like at sporting events)?, Attention Ladies and Gentleman, due to train traffic ahead, General Mills will no longer be offering its popular Count Chocula cereal., We seriously couldn't have better neighbors than ! Great soup and sammies. Well, and coffee too, Lies you mean af lol RT : I'm a very sweet and nice person, IDK why people think otherwise -__-, So sorry about that. I do know the feeling., see if those Converse are an 11-1/2 please..., Google's Motorola Acquisition Ups Ante in Apple Competition, Do Not Let The Opinions Of Others Consume You., Back massage while you get your pedi >, Thank you for another successful morning at - we'll see you this Thursday for another round. :), no i think it was called talk that talk, Start your thanksgiving break off right with some Owls Hoops. Rice vs. Florida A&M at 7 PM in Tudor tonight!, Anal bum covers., (((E))) sent me a message last night and I didn't answered it. Am getting tired of ppl only talking 2 me when ever it's convenient 4 them, Cool! What local convention?, hearts beating like crazyy!, Due to the Enfamil baby recall, if anyone is having problems finding Similac, let me know the store(s) and I can help, Alright, I'll chill out then. I can't believe I'm just seeing that., Staring directly into the eyes of a strange #dog may be taken as a challenge and may actually encourage the #dog to bite you, Kevin Na with a tribute to double-bogey golfer John Dedman, going with the 3-wood off the cartpath from 240 out., send me the link, Mariachi El Bronx just KILLED it on letterman., I'm at Starbucks in Livonia. Where's Mike Forbes?, Yeaah, it need too be because i stayed home from school today and I'm boredd. It don't be gettin live until like 5 though, school was terrible hahaha to much things to do -.- I need summer now! :/ & you're so lucky hahah, It's happy hour at the #firestonedistrict, so make your way down to , or !!! Or maybe even all of us!!!, Can anyone help me with my Twitter account? Tweetdeck keeps telling me "Twiiter authentication failed?" Thanks friends I miss tweeting w/U!, Join us Tonight at 7:30pm at your local Tavern spot for Trivia Night!! This week in Trivia: First in Irish Trivia, we celebrate..., Damn, we really fu%$#d up the BOBCATZZZZ. Meow! U-G-L-Y, they don't got no players that cry! (we don't get that #2 seed, we'll cry again), Just saw the GoogleMaps Street View camera car driving down 7th Ave past MSG. It looked ridiculous, but it was pretty sweet., What the hay!!!!Just discovered that I got a half brother and half sister somewhere either in Colorado or in Cali, that's bonkers., crazy question, does anyone know a digital strategist? sounds interesting..., #aguyshould be a fucking guy and do what he wants., Yes! So! WTF? I thought I was the only one., relapse indicators RT : Q9 general crankiness, endless hunger for anything outside yourself to feel better,, I feel Like im the only person hasn't noticed. Im staying strong, always gotta #BELIEVE ... #Someday #NSN <33, The printing industry promotes forests, not destroys them. www.chooseprint.org, RT : Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur <-- Soft kitty, warm kitty, purr, purr, purr! Love this song :+D, Omg they're finally about to race., did your school already have their prom ?, my mom took my phone and laptop again tonight because she realized I took them back.. i take it again when she goes to bed, First draft of Cat o' Nine 3 is done. Let the editing begin!, is the site down?, Edna and Flanders got married?, I'll be sure and show you when it's done. It was interesting being filmed. I kept wishing I could see what the camera saw. :P, Got a code worth 20% active right now! Use code: twitter20, Day 8 on Anthony trial... Here's to justice!, oh my bad! I thought you did!, In Ithaca, NY for our premiere screening of Scavenger Hunt at the Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival!, getting ready for tonight.., It sucks that I just painted my room and in 4-5 months I'm leaving for college., what video? RT : Just watched a video that chopped and screwed my entire thought pattern., Tulowitzki got hit in dugout by a foul ball, remained in the game to limp out an infield single, and was pulled immediately after., staying for WGG @ Congress. Hope to see u @ mid, you make me want you, Sometimes things fall apart, so other things can fall into place :), missin her boy, Really not sure what to make of the nutty Seattle snow predictions. Will it really happen & cripple the city? I have lots of wine in case..., Splitting up, in business or a partnership doesn't mean giving away your power., &#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39;: Gladys Knight leaves on midnight train, RT What will Earth Day 2012 look like? Take a photo on April 22nd where you are and help us capture the moment...., Working hard on organizing the 2009 Wild West Veterinary Conference!, It is no use crying over spilt milk., "so much of America needs to be rebuilt", same here Blake! Lubbock popo is hoppin, Anyone else feel like the thumbs down button on #Pandora is bullshit?! I swear, same crappy songs play days later after hitting that thing, omg im #watching #BILLIEjean its been a long time, Hope after the game lebron's mom isn't smacking the valet guys with her car, yup mine too! Even better to me than the 96 team I think this team was so much fun to watch!, Haha. It should pick up by the time you're done. But there's nothing we can do. Just gotta stay positive. What you studying now?, someone kept vandalizing books in the store and signing random books. :-), Great day to be at the park!, follow mee today that should be good!! <3, I'm bracing myself!, It's $5.00 Monday! All films just 5 bucks tonight!, Don't knock masturbation — it's sex with someone I love. can u believe a someone famous said that line but it true lol, RT : Fail fast, fail forward (progress), fail better. - Erik Qualman, Man, your shorter than I am, easily. Ha, CHRISTMASNOOBS.COM time for some killing and lvl up, and thanks for the help!, What is StaffingMarketplace? •StaffingMarketplace helps you get found online by more qualified visitors, Low clouds and fog stubborn to clear immediate area thru weekend; highs still above normal, near 30°F, is relaxing after a very L-O-N-G day at work., There's a good chance that we did, but I'll take a look when I get there later today., "just wondering if ud come along hold up my head when my head wont hold on I'll do the same if the same is what u want if not I will go", Whenever straight men say bigoted shit like "women aren't attractive when..." I want to ask them to post a picture of their wife/girlfriend., you spelled McGonagall wrong., thanks so much! I adore ur icon too! It's so flawless! An ur BG is amazing and cute! Oh my grande thanks so much!(c), Safe journeys!, fingers crossed! :), I'm looking forward to A response & to hearing from you., says MAX Blue/Red Lines have returned to servicing all stops. Riders should expect some delays as regular service returns., Union Station is not the place to be when you're feeling a bit crowd shy., ty hun yes it was i'll see him on mother's day then he gets deployed in june, Now that Ms. Bachman has dropped out of the presidential race, anyone care to wager a prediction as to what her next move will be?, Thanks for the RTs!, “: Dear Rose, There was definitely enough room on that for the both of us. Sincerely, Jack.”, All is well! Great new sounds for all yall! Enjoy the new week! :), Black Swan... a dark & beautiful film, What??? People are so dumb., Prez Day Twitter Trivia: Which two presidents share a birthday? No cheating!, follow me so i can dm you! Thnx for the response!, The fastest way to pass your own expectations is to add passion to your labor. ~Mike Litman, It's all good. We have mutual "friends" but have never met...that's why I was speaking. Maybe more going on than I knew.:), ya what about u, A pre-#Insanity workout? Or something to eat prior to #Insanity? What are you looking for?, Thanks. Sorry for the misinformation & on is tomorrow, not tonight!, ah 9 minutes till austream YA :), “: ole HONGRY ASS”i know. im just need to go to bed, "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state." Forget this line much NRA?, It's a ceremony to celebrate an achivement but dont forget it is also a publicty stint for the President.Big event like this gets word out, So amazing, bonus track SoD: Canon in D-Pachelbel, Q3. Best meal "on the go", I'll be rocking a backwards denim baseball cap this week. No big deal. Man, I love #theatre ., Great account executive? I'm going to have to read this!, BEST fudge recipe. I usually use semi-sweet, tho. Is milk choc that much better? Not TOO sweet?, Let's go LAKERS !!!!, lol that was supposed to say F*R*I*E*N*D*S cuz i'm starting to watch that series again lol...and thanks for visiting jadah!, As much as i want to win the #FUSE contest. I atleast want someone from the fan club to win. the answer is Orlando, 40-26 , 4 TD, i love you so much you're always so amazing to me i wish i was as good a friend as you, now that's a lot of O's, The Good Word of Volkswagen: Volkswagen Jetta Gls Sedan, If Your Not Following Us Because You Think This Is Only About Making Our Dreams Come True Then YOUR WRONG. We Are About Chasing Your Dreams!, pistol-whipped so far but I haven't listened to the whole thing yet, Thanks for spreading the word man. Can't wait to shoot with you this weekend., My dam team lost yesterday 2, what up, I can listen to him all night !, Charley Varrick (1973): Last of the Independents! Classic 70s! Totally awesome. Mathau as a cold bank robber and ladies man (hilarious). 4:5, Leading worship for both morning chapels at Indiana Wesleyan University(). So excited!!!, i just want to embrace an enjoy every moment, Going to take my lazy ass to the shower. -____________________-, Hey check your, act like she can't buy me a baseball bat. But I still love her though, but you know I love you, and I knoe I make your world go round <3, better be its charging now(:, hows your night, cam?! Good I hope, wishin that you come outa that closet?, oh cool, Pilates, 6-mile run, hot shower and snuggling by the fire with some green tea - best way to be Irish today., Where can you find 's mag Lucky Peach? I've been looking all over San Diego., Naw, he said it was because it's Black Saturday. But he's being hypocritical because me mom is in Vegas right now -.-, jajuan pullin big ass sodas outta nowhere eddy complainin over food and somebody stole my bread, Amen and amen! I have lived scared for way too long!, MEEEPPPP I need an, Still contemplating the library job situation in Pittsburgh and wondering if I should prepare to set up a second household somewhere else., Ok ladies! I'm thinking bandanas, tutus/shorts, & white fish nets. Any other ideas?, is there a good blog or site based in Chicago with marketing, events, and fashion internship openings posted?, No problem. Have fun!, Brandon is looking at me like im crazy because im dancing and singing too N'Syncs "just got paid". This is when i need, THIS SPEAKS TO ME!!!, Good Night Twitter!!!, I got to think, drink and pray on this one! Kenny Lloyd AMC lol, Just going through pictures. Had a good shoot :), "We have come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now" ~ Martin Luther King, Jr., Tatts for Cans 11/20 at Burts bring at least 5 cans and be entered to win a $300 gift cert from Archetype Dermigraphic tattoo studio, Hi Matt, further to our chat visit to report the fake Liverpool players on here. They have a complete list on their site, ooooohh yes yeah :), What a day today... Mateus Ward, Matthew Jacob Wayne, and Julia Kern all working! WTG guys!!!, and we haven't even brought up Steve Winwood yet..., #zaarlyit - www.zaarly.com request that they launch in your city next!, just peeked at your work for the first time; it is magnificent., i want hot chocolate, i don't want snow! can't we just play winter in hawaii?!?, omfg that song gives me feels. not the lyrics really. just their effing perfect voices together. ughh love it, Watching 17 again, You know what's really funny to non-Wisconsinites? When you talk about the town Chenequa., looks like no, I have to be in Canada on the 30th. Bummer man, but the good news is my lady won't be so jealous., Got done taking the STARR Test . shit was easy S|O, dont make me go all the way to Africa to see you! :D, Good morning!, RT : Fact: To be an Oriole fan is to be a masochist, i hope you win the, The same goes for me RT : I Could Be A Drug Dealer If I Wanted 2 Cuz I Don Neva Sleep!, PhD student sleep schedule. I slept from 6AM to 12PM., You're welcome Keep up the great work w the kids. Best of luck w fight #2. And thanks again for the story idea., #daleearnhardtjrjr nice sound on #Conan. First time for me., Does Kobe wanna see OKC now or later lets see, Of course we're thinkin of ya ;-) We're planning visits around your live shows. We'll do it eventually., RT : Whatever you wish to experience in your own life, cause another to experience in theirs., Soon all will be home for Christmas :), Oh, fantastic! has drastically changed the way I approach...well, everything. You'll love her!, RT : Planning a volunteer day for members of SFC HIgh School Chorus team to install #cleanwater filters in #Fiji Fun!\\...yum!, Undecided, I have a few options. I hope to know something next wk, COMET PING PONG ON SATURDAY!, Now this argument just gone, drew brees wasnt an elite qb in San Diego & was coming off injury. Tebow is no Steve Young--go watch the tape, Facebook is a two-way relationship, says On Twitter, there's a culture of openness. The risk of failure is low., When I was at dinner with him, he complained about his app to the server while continuing to eat it, Country Music Singer Lee Brice talks with Cherish - WALA-TV FOX10, hello Amy, I retweeted the link, CRASH: Murray @ Teal in Beaverton, Fighting the urge to punch a wall by sobbing uncontrollably. Friday night. Woo., no, you can't. And it will be an adventure and memorable!, sweet....I went to second light at daybreak....got .2 little tubes, I was happy with the sesh!!!, Shout out to all the recent followers, Thank You! New tracks will start being released soon., #nisoEbook vendor and platform providers panel discussion inc reps from ebrary, EBSCO, EBL, Ingram, and Books at JSTOR, I only have 2 days of work next week and they interfere with me going to PHX so work...suck my puck!, Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors., Awww naw. Jealazzz. 1love kids. “: Got surprised by !! Uncle Sam's in Oakland with the big man <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094>”, Why is no one talking about the Lou Gramm trial? Not saying he did wrong, but kinda a big story., I'm doing a dessert sculpture on a naked girl 4 a luncheon 2morrow. Any ideas, apart from the obvious cherry placement?, This is after 7 phone calls to customer service. Ok. End of rant. Turning my day around NOW!, apparently we missed the corsette memo tonight, “: Holy Jesus ! Daniel turned 21 today !” tell him I said Happy Birthday!! :D, I remember Drake and Josh, and the Amanda Show. RT if you do<3, I just want the first ten minutes of the movie, Drive, on perma-loop. The rest of it you can have back., wow! Need for some immediate lessons for her on what not to do..thank goodness nothing happened., Lazy people fact #567897654567 -You are too lazy to actually read that number., When you drink from them, does it taste like sadness?, I love my freakin' job. It's really cool in moments like this, when it's all crazy and good and stressful and challenging., Hello Linda and gang. Have a wonderful day. Ms. Niecy, Also, happy Mother's Day!, We're sorry.We have determined that you are blacked out of watching the game you selected, due to TV broadcaster restrictions., off 2 work I go just got to grab a coffee!!, Five Favorite Films with Maggie Grace After her stint on the island of J.J. Abram's Lost , Maggie Grace has taken to the big screen with, HVAC Maintenance will extend the life of your equipment and will help with the correction of small problems before the system collapses., Kiss her like it's your 1st, hold her like u'll never get to hold her again, and cook 4 her w same Passion &excitement felt in those moments, Thanks, I do know some HTML/CSS, so I may go with user instruction., Why are police there? What's going down?, RT : Chairman Rockefeller industry self regulation insufficient to protect online privacy at Commerce Cmte hearing today. Way..., The 2012 election will be a bitter fight til the end. Gotta be prepared., I tune in on and off I dont have a mobile device to follow all the time but when I get home I follow, Morning Rockstars! > In absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia. - Author Unknown, :thanks for the awesome shouts :), “Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.” ~Frank Sinatra, I wonder what life's like with 2 dimples.!, You ever stared death in the face.....well don't, that's rude......, How are you celebrating #CincodeMayo? We would love to be part of your fiesta!, u r welcome beloved., I for Sure going to go Pic up Sum comic books, Hope the brisket angels sang at your arrival!, I spend most Monday mornings conjuring up a way to not go into work... Today I failed., venice beach! (:, Had a great time, hopefully my group did too!, who me is this the right number, can't wait for the show!, I can't even remember what I used to do in traffic before the iPhone, Hey Jim, it might be best to wait until next semester, if possible. We would love to have you out whenever you are free!, The 's article about academics on food stamps is behind their pay wall., It amazes me how many people have public posts saying things that should not be public information., yes they are! But not this week because of the summit :/ trying to rent a studio out tho!, Finished reading #TheWestcoastKid by, Still feeling odd about things, but what are you spose to do when its 1 against 50?, I Dropped That "No More Locked Doors" But Damn, Now They Wanna Lock Me Up Tho..., Do you have mad skills?, That's probably the best part of the movie then., meet me there after freedom... their service starts, I LOBB YOU MORE. Now clean your room <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>, On a desert field trip, some Albuquerque seventh-graders found a 900-year-old pot. "It was like a gray pot, with zig-zag stripes," said one., access to information is overrated / access to each other is underrated, Your a BEYOND great dancer! I love you so much thank you for inspiring me I wouldn't be who I am today if it wasn't for you<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>, I LOVE YOU MOM <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>!!!! Always have and always WILL., going to sunfest tonight! Paul Rogers and Creed, I'm naked without a neckerchief., Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. -Les Brown, We are taking our outdoor set into Art Bar! Come on out, The last few weeks I worked extremely hard to catch back up., Owner Ashley Grant made her special toffee for friends as gifts, and the response was so overwhelming...Magnolia Bay Toffee was born!, #pokemonpickuplines favorite thing ever, usually I'm ok with them but sometimes I'm just like FOOOOODDDD, Add Emerson, Lake and Palmer and you'll really have a party., You looking for a job or volunteer opp? I'll keep my ears perked for both. :), “: booth t minus 20 minutes and counting! Get over here!!”Whoo! Team Smallville!, the art work u made for it isn't coming up on my phone, lets not forget the nigga who requested a "PULLED PORK TACO" ...im still lookin for that nigga, OH MY GOD I KNOW. puberty has served him well., sad to see jonny buckland trade in his teles for strats. and yet everything still sounds exactly the same. hmm., I'll be in Chicago tomorrow. You free for a bit in the afternoon? Lunch?, Pat the bat, you're too old to be making a mistake like that., Perilously close to HQ..., curled up in bed with #ramona and importing stuff into, HTML5 brings some interactive elements to the client side without using heavy databases., hahaha :D i need to see the finish product!, The alimentary canal is located in the northern part of Indiana., do not call us call us Beliebers few fans are the ones who are with you despite your changes, I would like to echo 's statement earlier of "Merde," however instead I need to replace "France" with "coworkers", cut to the chase and call it OS X PUSSY, What sayeth the DSM IV about that?, I told somebody at work you need to punch it in the chest like in The Rock/Pulp Fiction The allergy person was terrified, 3 Baruch Bball alumni & 1 current player created the "OneBasketball" App to give players the skills that they need to succeed on the court., Not to mention, because it's film; skin tones and color reproduction are perfect, full of detail, just how you wanted them., Not to mention a masterpiece of reptilian westerns!, Content sharing score at #tocchicago :: Some is free: 6 , Nothing for free: 2., AFAIK, best #chatbots used to be based on regurgitating past interactions or limited subject matter... That still true?, How have you been boo? imy, #collegetaughtme how to play the game..., There's nothing like having a team. 4 minds is better then 1 !! #Kingdom work, Haha! RT : - great idea! But not one I personally want to see ... :), So excited for bed. Holiday party weekend number 1 down. Only a few more to go!, Excited to do some work with our friends , Thanks for the opportunity!, Couldn't agree with you more! re #twoandahalfmen trying 2 hard 2 B funny. Comedy is about who we are, not just telling jokes., and a yay to the 'other' andy. nice win over gilles. didn't get engaged in a drawn out affair, which often happens with gillou., student talking about how social sharing is still a mess. Give users way to receive awards for social support., You real talk a hoe. Go away., With and delicious ravioli., man I'm in still in bed... Need to get my lazy butt up!!, I told this guy I wanted to pinch his cheeks. He genuinely didn't know if I meant his face or his ass. It seems I have a reputation., Happy mothers day everyone. All you give a big smooch on your moms cheek for me., Nice profile photo. I'd date you., Amen...amen! Be extra careful out there! RT : ...AND PHOTOGRAPHERS!!!!, Yawn nothing like a short drive to add to the fun of work, I don't know whats wrong , but im really worried now..., First Day Of School!Wish Me Luck!8th Grade Here I Come!!, that's so cool! I want to go to school for photography, but I've only taken a semester high school class. But I love it., Probably too late to catch you; but good luck and have fun!, Rick also think that only lesbian women should be allowed in army, and we should reinstate DADT for men only., maybe conflicting values & misunderstanding among communities; issues btwn access vs stewardship (authority, authenticity,etc), now only one ;-), Dany has a lot of Viserys in her. Figuratively. Not literally. Anymore., certainly. I agree that'd be a good addition. I'll put it on the list., Tough tonight as we face our growing pains and we will grow our sound system for next week. Thanks for being cool all. You guys ROCK!, Some attorneys in the industry are now billing $1,250 an hour per the Wall Street Journal., We are officially open at 107 King Street!!!!!, Johnny Rocker, I don't know why I keep watching The Office. The characters are now caricatures, shadows of previous (good) seasons., Book Review: Norwegian Cakes and Cookies - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog), JLo is so pretty and her performance is really good, damb it has been a while twitter #missedyou.. sort of lol, I'm not I'm a nerd, is stuck inside on a gorgeous day! How lovely!, How about, "that won't happen to me"? RT: Best prep for crisis? Anticipation. If you say, "it probably won't happen", get ready., Now if can buy a 30 that would be great! He deserved it TWO weeks in a row now! This is why I only vote for him!, tommorow ar tonight can have your cell phone number cuz I have to go to some old.lady bday witmy mom id like someone 2. Talk 2?, it's not the first time, lol jealous . I dont haha ..what chu been up to , its been like 2 years, Felt the same way about Tom Jones while visiting Pontypridd, Wales...except Tom's alive and well, probably playing in Vegas., Agree RT : These men chose to protect themselves over a child. Prison may be too good for them. Penn State may never..., Jamaican Proverb: "You tink a one day monkey want wife" Translation never forget those who helped you, i can't wait for when you dye your hair dark and all the stupid girls are gonna think they replaced 'the blonde one' -_- smh., Closed up for today, back tonight to feed your drunken hunger 11pm-3am!, TAX DAY FREEBIE! Get a FREE $20.12 gift card for BVEN Boutique purchase today! Call 414 287-9049 for online orders..., Nothing will ever come between us, cause I'll be standing right next to you.<3, You BETTER HURRY !, I think is pretty!, : If only God can Judge you, how you plan to beat the case?, Sounds like a beautiful morning! :), ha - truth comes out! Seriously tho these are some good tips. Did u know ur supposed to vacuum your bed?, agreed. His illness did it though. Not Overeem., Mother/daughter hamentashen baking. I'm sticking to my guns and insisting on poppyseed., How guess it look ???, ,they are content with just 1 i am guessing, I am so proud of U I could just *faint* _________________thud, Think I'll fall for that? YOU'RE WRONG! STOP SPAMMING!!!!, It's good to see a guy say this! ": A Girlfriend should never have ANY competition!", Phone is finally working again., i'd be glad to., New show added for tomorrow. We play the Norco Fair at 3pm. Hope to see you all there., A colleague said she listed a house and was told, "This looks like a Jamie Mason listing, it's staged so nicely." Feeling good about that!, Happy houring w at Brio. Such an amazingly nice evening!, Confess: What do YOU do when you run out of toilet paper and you're in there?, Glad to know you are okay, and the family you assisted are okay as well., thanks for coming! Did you get any cheese curds?, are you going to the indy 500? I need some info if you want to see Benny bennasi with all of us!, It's "sponsored stories"... which is a way of re-publishing previous posts and/or likes. Hope it's not to repetitive tho, My brother's underwear don't fit my shaved balls., other than*, Please fix your fucking bulleted list algorithm! Sick and tired of having to backspace, CR to get rid of stray bullets., he did!! Omigosh yu are so lucky!!!! Just on random??, Somehow I'm back to visiting Oscars at least once a week. Best time travel ever., Follow ! I say Follow if you want to part of the greatest movement known to Man!!! JTP, God's plans for us is always better than what we have planned,RT if you trust in God and would never disagree with what may happen to us...!, AirPlay, VoiceOver coming with Apple TV 4, FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK GO GO GO!!!, Good luck to all the players drafted tonight, and keep your heads up to this that aren't! NFL Draft Time, who is your team taking!?!, how u doing beautiful, i can't wait to go... i have a question though, Well I was born in the sign of water & its there that I feel my best. The albatross & whales they R my brothers. Time 4 a Cool Change, back in NJ and missing #HumNets already, its like out of a movie!, So excited for my friends Gelisa & Arthur! Love is eternal, face it... at 1 point n weezys career he had a ghost writer, On FB You Have “Friends” On Twitter You Have “Followers” Where You Can Be Your Own Cult Leader…, is so so cute in the movie karate kid!!, Good question! is one of my favorites, too!, "It's nice to be the best, but not when being the best brings out the worst in you.", I'm at a social media workshop. Good speakers. Starbucks coffee though, not a fan, tastes burnt., he'll be starring in my dreams tonight. That counts in my book., Thanks Sarah! we haven't even hit the tip of the iceberg! im pretty #optimistic!, Please be mine., he is also the man who is ducking the PACMAN. #growaset Stop being a bitch and fight the man., Night Justin<3333 I love you(:, #Isles ink Nabokov to 1 year deal, terms not disclosed as per Newsday, Well at least we know Reggie will be back for his senior season..., Happy Norfolk State made it round 3 - but ...GO GATORS!!!!!, Heading out to radio w Jenny, () she's on @ 7:40am ...& to check in with who is guest hosting today! Tune in., Don't forget that I'll be playing with full Jazz Crush combo for "Second Saturday" jazz night at Kana winery in downtown Yakima. 6:30-9:30., Sure is QT : Is Joshua Ledet still on American Idol?, Unfortunately, my st really NEEDS to be an officer ... but he doesn't think he wants to., Great time at #TEDxSD11 great minds, great people and great ideas! The world IS within our grasp...now do something to change it!!, "Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience." - Victoria Holt, I do not cut my life up into days but my days into lives, each day, each hour, an entire life., tnx to all my new followers!!!!, How difficult is it to have a world in peace? I believe, it is more complicated and administratively more expensive to create war., I miss you jess come back girl!!!!!!!, South First Friday tomorrow night! Street market and FREE admission to #SJMQT and other #SanJose South of First galleries., you watching from the office or want to join us in Brooklyn?, 30 min left at work..kind of want 2 go get my nails done not sure yet, Horrible day. I just want to go to sleep., Lip-syncing is particularly poor this season., that's the spirit!!, Success of integration has much to do with teacher education. Cost of team-teaching; mastermind who can bring it together, WOW. : New York Times' Pete Thamel just said on Dan Patrick Show that he could see Purdue beating Kansas in 3rd round, n00b notes on oil #painting #2. Plein air? Tone canvass to match! Blue gradient sky & tan land fits most vistas., was intrigued about photo verification that you discussed at SPJ Social Media-- what was best site again??, RT New Special: Beef Frank w/ standard toppings, fries canned soda or iced tea for $6.75. Get over here!, heyheyhey i love you guys <3 wanna be my best friends ?? <3 im crushin on chirs ;/, Do not ask what the next person is doing for YOU, ask what YOU are doing for the next person. Chuuch!, I would say someone text me but I only want you to text me., Cant wait to finally hang out with my best friends tomorrow<3, Miss you need to seek medical attn immediately looks like you have some type of infection approaching your boob, It's a morning., Thanks so much for sharing, George., :) My days are usually good. Things can't always be perfect. :), Had an amazing day with the fam yesterday! Now I just need to get my computer fixed today and all will be right with the world..., Why can't I unglue myself from my computer?, hi!!! Things are good, how are you? DC spring has been gorgeous!! How's IL? Will I see you at Julie's wedding in August?, Zayn is like the Male Version of a Hipster., is now following.. im stoked!, Thank he had the song turned up loud!, A year ago today I moved to LA! So crazy how time flies, I'm so lucky to be surrounded by great roommates and friends!, Will today be the day I buy an iPad 2?, Sent my Ma & Pa to concert for Mom's day & she texted me they're having a GR8 time! THANKS LADIES! #winning¢, "True friends stab you in the front." - Oscar Wilde, “: Today is the last day on twitter....follow to stay in touch, Trollolololol. Didn't see Marcum get a hit there, and Weeks has a ton of walks., Happy Mothers Day to all you mama runners, cute boys, tight pants, of course I'm down ;), Great job, Ellen! :), yeah, it only took me all night to figure that out... my genius is showing now, I feel like one of these years we should track all of them and hand anti awards out, i'm fine, hbu?, your site is AMAZING! Sally Mann is one of my absolute favorites! Awesome presentation!, So happy for ! Cover of PDN Magazine - what a star!, My senior ring is in this basement and I'm not leaving until I find it, RT : "Who does Facebook think you are?" Interesting to look at ads and wonder why they are there., this is awesome!, Adam Clayton Jr. Powell~ A mans respect for law and order exists in precise relationship to the size of his paycheck., Last night I learned it's possible to play "The Twist" loud enough to make one's ears ring. It's a terrific feeling., #madison A bit chaotic looking. Maybe clearer div bet history and current?, Roberta Flack Wows Dogwood Festival Atlanta ’s own jazz violinist Ken Ford and Grammy Award winner Robert Flack perform Saturday night du, I wasn't aware I had any real choice., Vegas is a crazy place!!!, He saw my tweet and retweeted it, I didn't do anything., Wait the #Celtics could lose home court in the first round? What happened to giving the division champions an advantage?, - 1st of all, it depends on how much it costs SUM to have Barca come here!, Going to get my hair cut, Partying this whole weekend amd next week u go sell ya body to make up ya rent money, TOL! Right now, it's kinda smelly in there., The Raiders are looking at another QB, why not. No reason to stop the bleeding now., thanks I know everybody is saying it but killer app. Can't wait till your next idea., War Toads, and Bull Dykes, and Ham Beasts...., Im @ my yob i cant wate for 7am i get off, nice alliteration., Feel free to call me... Don't talk behind my back nigga you 40... I'm 27... Keep it pushing !!!, I'm still looking forward to that hypothetical honeymoon. "You are going to be such a ho for your husband.", Clearly NBA officiating has not gotten any better since the lockout, Loll excited**, Now they have a Trevor project commercial! Watching glee late... lol, You like my background on twitter(;, So awesome to see Kevin Clash passing on knowledge and teaching the younger generation., #nationalcoffeeday let's celebrate with a cup of coffee. lots of #weddings and #events in #Southflorida this week, Ok, thank you!!, love it. Looks damn good!, Just smooth...but it's extra creamy. Pls tell me you're going to come try it! Last day is Sunday., Who knows, maybe college basketball will be king in the state of Florida as opposed to college football!, Let's get ready for some good racing tonight!!.. Go 24!!!, Welcome, Katie, to our page., “: wait.. is tonight the premiere?”>>>yes ma'am!, Thaw frozen meat and poultry in the refrigerator and not on the kitchen counter where bacteria can grow., pancakes made, no syrup! #gpp soo i made my own, Congrats! As much as I loved 1988 for the and the it's time to bring another World Series to L.A.!, “deliberative discourse requires a multiplicity of perspectives to shape ideas” How To Argue Productively by Daniel Sobol..., At American University's Jumpstart celebration of Dr. Seuss day at MLK library. Join us!, Please bring me a glass of water., I Love when sing We gone always be together baby that's what you told me & I believe it Cause I ain't neva had nobody do me, Just take my money, Silversun Pickups., I know where N is and I have window. At previous job also knew N (no window). The job before that (cubicle), didn't know., hello am William!, let me in through the elevator ya fuck! How hard is is it?, Just did a shot of Tequila using the salt from a pretzel bag, shaping up to be a Good Friday!, Please be patient while the surrounding walkways are closed to accommodate the painting work., If your rims still spin on your ride...that's a shame., did a whole history of the station when we turned 50..parts of it on you-tube, It is in Texas after all., The shows about to start! Come on over and hang with Karaoke MVP at iLounge tonight. Get your karaoke on. 1287 D Glenwood Ave. Atlanta, Honestly , It Would make my life if followed me . (:, still here, follow me!, hahahha cant believe a frog just jumped in our house and our cat flew across the room like a bat out of hell and hubby rescued from cat :))), Ha! Agreed., You talk so much crap, you need to wipe your mouth., no... but if you find someone, let us know. cats!, Omg all this paperwork is mind numbing need to rest my eyes and look at some sales ! ^_^, Just been excused for lunch. At last, I can get some sun rather than just look out the window at it., It's not that warm.out yet but ill be drinking so who care hahaha, Come on Stanford. Take advantage of that Ducks fumble. Gotta make this count., I've accidentally started a side business of organizing people's messy files & digital photos. Personal & family archives are in trouble., lmaoooo get off twitter man, "why don't we all just be friends" haha i would rather die in an oven, Well that first beer went down nicely! I think it's a BBQ night. I think honey BBQ wings will be good, Moving to Desoto next year :), Since I had it I ain't been right..but I gotta feel that high again..Shawty Got Work!!!, lay my body down on the floor, to forget what I've done;, I'm pretty sure imma be stuck on Hunter Hayes for awhile cause I actually bought his album, unlike David Archuleta, Bruno Mars, etc. Heh ..., I was wondering the same— now it say bshwck. if ur at 's ol place tho, that's east WB I think., You didn't say "every tweet is an extroverted statement" you said "everyone on Twitter is an extrovert" :), My horsey won, no one else like her...b4 or after...mainly posting this one for educational purposes to a certain "writer".., I couldn't see anything because of my own tweets., you take your nose, move it up and down while waving with your left hand., RT": There's a reason why people like you and I find each other. Regardless of what it is, I feel it's no accident.”, #Apple hearing closes. Media departs., Thank the lord for battle rap!!!!, check out The Pulse tonight at 1am. The hottest hip hop mixed in with honest opinions. As always DJ M2 and special guest DJ Cedric Ceballos, thanks! We should be recording a new episode this week. To post your sessions, PM me your email address and will set you up., thanks for making the trip boys we love you!, How to be followed and a good quote from me!!!?:) first : follow And follow me then tweet or message me "DONE". N check:)!, For those who really know me, im real laid back., Yep, it's for real., Watching Felicity is like an Alias reunion! I love shows like that., At the Outback grubbin!, I love the new profile pic!, Often, we fall in love with the most unexpected person, at the most unexpected time., Hey June, get ready to get BANANAS!, you have vegetarian dishes there, right?, Thnx! Bring ur guy friends and "suggest" they give you their girl tix! RT : Guys Night is a great idea!, I've added to the edtech list thanks!, Thanks. Let me know what you think. Big announcement in a bout 10 days, it was done by accident, #OneDirectionAreComingHome Never have I been so excited that they get to go home. bout time, they deserve it, It can be pretty general. 2 Japa TV folks so far, 1 maybe Chinese cinema., tomorrow after the banquet!, Watching "Torch Song Trilogy" and my heart is breaking., “: smells like fishin season comin big man!!!!”oh yeah real soon shit I went Sunday, Can't wait to see you on a set soon!, When you get older you learn married people make deals with each other. I think it was my dad that wanted kids., don't worry i dont think no earthquake is due look up haarp tho thats wat did haite in, is doing my #hair getting it ready for, because they get paid to give out false information. Fox news viewers are not informed. The guy asked if he wanted to be back on, Finally its cooling down in the LBC!, It's been awhile so I forgot how to flirt., Happy Reunion!, I'll make it just for you!!, Boston Loves the show Pawn Stars!!!, - Prediction for tonight, #Arod and #Jeter both go yard and Nova goes 7 and gets the win., It's True.., Ha! Danger...that's my middle name!, RT : "I have never let my schooling interfere with my education." - Mark Twain, I can always tell when my mom's home because I hear random music playing outside. #shelikeshermusicloud <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>, thank you so much for the follow back<33, Tony told us this world was ours and the Bible told us every girl is sour, I'm excited for tomorrow morning for some reason, Good morning ! Remember to check in on Anxiously waiting to see if anyone can steal the mayorship from, all ready to watch at 8am here in the usa :D go KIMI!, I miss my husband, dogs, clothes, shoes, kitchen, culinary utensils.... To wit, my life. If I’m not home by next weekend, I’ll go insane., Hey everybody!!!! It's Friday, ha! You have a point ..., i understand man, you can still come with me when i do it and maybe we can convince the photographer to let us both do it :), Giants did it!!! What a game... New York rules!!!, Stop allowing meaningless people have a meaningful impact on your life, “ Send 5 people really encouraging messages today about who they are in Christ and watch what God can do with so little.”, Breaking News - President Obama says he will never release the photos of Osama Bin Laden's Corpse., Okay obviously read that wrong. Was it another Tohi that baked?, that is so sweet, “Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.”, Very excited about the Milu scarf and bag I bought! Thanks ! Do you know when the floral scarves will be loaded?, In 1990, the FDA approved certain lasers for use on soft tissue that promise less pain, less noise and less fear in dental procedures., Have you heard of this new TV show in #Baltimore called ? check them out when you have a minute!, at supportseattle at uber dot com! :), Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. ~Og Mandino, RT This year, The US will send out 1.2 trillion text messages, predicts market-intelligence firm IDC - wow!, How about we fire the NCAA clowns & give that cash to students. I don't care what they get...the Washington Huskies need a 100 yd rusher., We're gonna feast in t-minus 15 mins., When a person looks at you then looks down it means they really like you, Yep!(: haha, it seems like it's been awhile since we've talked!, come get coffee! it's #doublestampday at #lookoutjoe :), IT'S BEEN A YEAR., Sounds like you are in the right direction! Only a matter of time before it starts rolling in. Let us know if you need help., Ateam is definitively still in the makin lol, Beginning #gaming & #pedagogy workshop: Teaching (with) Video Games with and Terry Schenold, #1waytopissmeoff talk politics when you can't back yourself up with facts., Thank you kindly! Enjoy a splenderrifick weekend:-)), tv needs a pay for stream solution, with ads for 1 dollar to stream., is so beautiful., Been awake since 5:30 for absolutely no reason..., Shooting a short and getting put up in a nice Hotel. I can get use to that., Now THIS is progress: The Amish bakery is here and I did not buy a thing!, : I feel like such a vieja! But thank you!, Nice grab, !, Linus VanPelt? Never knew his last name., We have a show this Thursday, March 15th at The Up & Under on Brady St. Come check it out Milwaukee!!!!, In CD/BF match-up: polls go to CD; electorates goes to BF; draw on the candidates; better campaign goes to CD, H St. NW blocked off at 15th st and headed east....suspicious package?, My brother, Dr. Daniel Begel, is the founder of the Sports Psychiatry Section of the AMA. ., scary people!, How to get teachers involved? Make them feel professional & valued, have examples of what they will learn. Plus free food!, NO! Who will I get my life lessons from if not Ron Swanson, Liz Lemon and Leslie Knope?, or drinking (bootleg country) RT : whats Dabo been smoking?, If they remade the 1995 movie 'Kids' based off how kids are today, I'm sure the remake would make the original look like a Disney movie., we love your profile pic!!, Hit me up for your Graphic Needs! Holiday Pre-View Sale is still going on until the 28th! Can you find great work for a better price? NOPE!, Apple Prepares Mac App Store For Launch On Jan 6 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/apple-pre… via, Best Marware Samsung Galaxy S I Case, Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are, for what you could become., I think so - lol - RT : "I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult." - Rita Rudner, I just picked him up. I've got enough offense, not too worried., this is a cool spam, I do miss Fontenot, it's true., Just got some sandwiches from downtown, and the buns were rock hard! Had to throw them out. Are they seriously serving this?, 36 percent of all pizza orders want their pizza topping pepperoni!!, shout out to Chris Walker from all the Kentucky ladies, hahahaha, i know! I hate reversing! Ah that day was fun though...besides that, Ate dinner at the mall. Go to the party eat again. Go to Nessa's asks us if she wants to eat. Lowkey wanted to..., put everything on your boys. Thought they were due. Wtf, thankyou all so much for keeping the followers coming! iknow i havent been on lately but ill try to be back asap promise!, why do I even care about you anymore? all you've ever done to me is make me feel like shit and hurt me and make me cry., Seven Lakes is fired up for this game. Jared Crosby hits a 3 and has some words for Danuel House. Spartans playing with a lot of energy., Good Hit!, The food channel : wonderful tips for delicious and easy dishes. CHECK OUT Emeril, #SaySomethin SONG OF SUMMER 2012 anyone else agree!! OMG I AM DEAD!, Accepting nominees for 100 Native women who changed their world. Historical or contemporary Contact:, sitting on a random corner calling randoms with my best friend >>>>>>>, what are you gonna teach me? How to knit?, Aww you are so amazing!!, it's whatever bro, I've got Santigold on lock and will be jealous of you at Of Montreal. Do with it as you will., Only 285 days until Christmas -- that means we're less than 50 days away from the first all-Christmas flips!, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> what channel?!, excellent, sounds like an accessibility issue as well., they're absolute idiots!, Here's a special shoutout to everyone who supported our new collection so far! Thanks for all the orders this weekend, when else are you playing? We're on our way there and play at 630., Happy New Year!!! God bless!! <3, the entire Spanish-speaking community is now going to hate you for butchering our language. What's the book on?, Tampa entourage headed to Sanford for Trayvon Martin rally. "He is our son," they said on their way out., Anything you lose automatically doubles in value, I hate the fact that I don't hate you. Not even a little bit., I'm never drinking again. Ever, no problem. Thanks!, well that's good. Mine was long, hey what about us folks in Fort Worth?, Virginia Wildlife official says "commercializing" sales of live animals of food leads to dwindling pop. Not true. Farming increases pop., now coming back with ERROR - Forbidden. Hate I missed it, Happy Mothers Day!, What could make today better for you? How do you make the jump from good to great?, How do you think we can get back on track? I want freedom, justice and democracy, not more partisan hate-mongering., I definitely have to agree! Obsessed with peach and cut out blouses, your hyperness was fine, it actually made me laugh! I got grossed out by the nuggets part tho, lol. Follow me? :), Thanks, Kelly! If you read it starting from day 1, you'll soon get your bearings RE #dialect for #Actors RT LOVE. your website!, You know where to find me. RT : this 7 is up and ragin..call me maybe??, #LPR2011 check out #GroverNorquist 's book "Leave us alone", Night Twitter., thanks for the follow! we played with plus/minus last fall.. was truly a treat! www.gossip-culture.com, oh okay..have fun..haven't heard from you...., I can't even imagine, I'm very impressed with a project that size done in reflective - have photos anywhere of it?, Tuesday, you have been a little better, thank you. :), Well done! RT : HUGE! Sen. Reid postpones #PIPA vote. Congrats Internet (for now, anyway)! No statement yet., Send your reject steak to me please. Postmark: My Face. Steakface., Laugh a little more each day., Thanks for the, #LAKERSFANS MUST BE IMPORTANT SINCE WE A #TT....END OF CONVO...., #ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet Edward Ratchet Hands, simply impossible to go wrong with shakespeare :) you're in SFO atm, right? what you up to?, Wow, that sounds great hun. I hope you wear all that Packer gear for the game this Sunday!, lmaooooooooo so it was alot of a little?, "You need to get an iPad! It can do ................. and read books" *looking horrified* "I just want to read!", yeah haha where dya live in england?:), "Throw Me Something, Mister!" - What everyone yells at parades to get throws from the maskers on the floats!, Chicks that pop their collar probably get so much pussy., instead of putting red in my hair like every other girl at school (that was my idea first) ima go put blonde in my hair BRB GUIISSS, leave them alone, Congrats Jonathan De³man......USC says YES!, Blue and orange m, I hope to see you in more stuff maybe comedys? :), Love summer. Can chill in the backyard, listening to the rain, stupid, mellow. Just me & 17 mill mosquitos, RT Every piece of soul food you can think of is up in this church! Me and are about to throw down!, At Rockfish with my wife enjoying drinks and food on the patio after yard work. 74F, thanks for the +K!, Pop pop, man u running yo lip?, well pop pop, man there goes my clip!, right there with ya! Math and bio <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>, They just corrected it., I just missed the bus. He pulled away as I ran up. & it's raining. Fuck you universe. I just want to get home after 24 hours of travel hell., I know, right? Fear Street books were the best!, Tired of the ass holes who just so freely take the lives of others as if their god?, That could go in the non sports related stuff haha. How's school going?, Cool! You gotta an album or mixtape out?, New Red Cross instructors ready to give their final presentations before being qualified to teach new disaster volunteers. They'll be great!, the way pitbull talks is so funny., I can't remember a longer feeling 2 week period of time than the one I'm in now., Had no idea Polar Bears love Coke so much. Love the commercials anyway., Is going to the y, do not assume more downloads = more readers. Long form is a slow burn. I have Gutenberg the geek queued up., great, thanks!, *Misses RT to kill battery by 5 min* RT : 5% when I wake up, where's my charger, Lora Sasiela is having a virtual book salon tomorrow night about Women's Worth by Eleanor Blayney. Check it out at FinanciallySmitten.com, Congrats to for getting drafted 7th overall to Tri-City Storm!!!, Hilary only has one more week at SBS!!!! Make sure you call to book your last appointment with her (773) 252 - 9522, haha bro, but how did you get all these people to tweet you haha?, Bank of Albuquerque has numerous Asst. Branch Manager (Traditional and In Store) openings available. 505.855.0845, It's always raining men girl what you worried about?, #GoCubsGo. We’re the place to watch the #Cubs take on the Phillies at 6:05pm. Let’s hope #RyanDempster doesn’t get mad today., Any plans for the first day of summer?!, If employees spent half as much time on their actual job as they do in challenging their termination, they wouldn't get fired., Thanks! And BTW love the image from Asimov's Futuredays! I was first introduced to it by, Been shopping the whole day!, Nice to hear from you btw. Hope the biz is going well for you., #BackWhenIWasAKid my mom yelled down the block when it got dark to come inside from playing outside., Korean is so hard :(, Have any of you seen Class of 1984 in 35? If so, I'm beyond jealous..., Bynum is a beast .. But ... Dwight Howard still destroys him like he's a little ass girl., I work at a media production company. We have a very nice client suite. It does not suck., I ask alot of questions .., So sooty I was not there to hold your hair back... Hope you're feeling better., Bengals sign Morgan State FB Jourdan Brooks & Kansas State LB Emmanuel Lamur, club announces. Each tried out this weekend., Faskinating! Social SF, Hard SF, I was having enough trouble with lit-vs-genre. I'm a terrible quibbler., Some days call for a second scoop., keep us all informed. Even though Sam focuses on the coogs, now. Tonight how it should be., Just built a fire and now time for a movie., it's because justin is there and let's face it, he IS incredibly appetizing, I understand what you're saying., Everybody loves twitter.. Especially when they're being talked about xD, Terrific. Have a great day!, whats it about? and yeah know it:), unblock me you landshark, when someone gives you an ultimatum - LAUGH - because that shit's a joke., Is it just me, or do these look NOTHING like candy dispensers. I'm reminded of something else entirely...but, THAT'S JUST ME. ;), And it's over. Horns win 21-10. Pac 12 champs!, ur such a thug =P, And that's our night! See you tomorrow at 3p, 5:30p, and 7:30p for more great new work #creative. Tickets still available $5!, Me too!! #BFV was the only show I watched :/ RT I sure miss thursday's :(...., bitch im on FSDWRWESDRWES, LOL word to all moms!, It's Mardis Gras!! That means Lent starts tomorrow.. what are you giving up this year?, Are You Sure ^___^ Your Sleepy.!, ouch. sorry to hear that. it's so disruptive when ppl bring their personal issues in the mix..., no we have never had the opportunity to meet, ALBUQUERQUE!! National Weather Service issued a Winter Storm Warning. Please be safe & Call Paul 24/7 @ 884-5583 - Water Flood or Roof Leaks, Thank god I work at a coffee shop, At #kipcamp, is telling us to compose a good tweet to start the day. OK., Who would you take for the next 10 years? Kyrie Irving or Chris Paul?, We drank, we fought, he made his ancestors proud., I swear i love Lauren lmao !, here = the, Moderating panel Is Hyperlocal Future of Media, or just Hype? at #SPJR9 conference., I think the best Dylan album was one of the things Wittgenstein deemed impossible to talk about., Trying to recover from this meat coma at, I'm already planning the curriculum for our Twittorial. We have a lot of material to cover. Marty will have to wait., Such a great weekend of #Comedy at with and Josh Alton. Can't wait to be back!, Amazing day today, my documentary on health, Nutrition and Incurable Diseases is happening faster and bigger than I thought. Amén, spent all day yesterday watching Amir Khan sparring at the famous Freddy Roach boxing training gym. Never really apreciated boxing til now, Chillin wit mason, step 1.) follow me so I can DM you my address 2.) send me bino stickers so I can paste them all over Chicago for you, The McFarlanette's are busy setting up for Kids Korps gala - A Night at the Royal Ascot. Super excited for our silent, mini & live..., Tell me more about face toner., Ok thanks., my dad makes me dress like a nun, U know its a good game of world cup when u have to stop due to fact u can't see a fucking thing due it darkness or a good keeper, Solo until the end ...., but a better player? Might have to package both Rudy and OJ to get a star, got nothing..., Damn this girl already smoked like 9 cigarettes and we have only been here about half an hour. Lol, Oh God I really shouldn't be awake. Sleeping 11-3 isn't healthy., Cleaned windows in Forest Lake and a house in Acadia, tomorrow will bring me to St. Paul Midway area., oh ok ok it figured it had to be one or the other haha, The literal hook --> RT The 1 time I said NO, u act like I never said YES, Thank you mom for the 4 alarm chili and cornbread. My mouth has been burning for about 20 minutes now!! :), “: I wish fire trucks played "Move Bitch, Get Out The Way" instead of using sirens” then you'd see them coming, I can do that! Look how much you have accomplished already! You're going to be having a conversation at ALA! Your cats are cute!, Hit 100k DL's of the Podcast today! Big ups! New Episode up soon!, I want to swim in your eyes., Looks like I'll be canceling my order, since cust service can't/won't help me. They'd rather lose my order to gain $20 in shipping., Michael Myers is trending haha, I got a Sally Hansen Insta-Dri color. It was fairly cheap and really does dry in about a minute. Just one coat., Nice job #BrewCrew! You're up next, Bucky!, no problem, but Logan you owe me.. HA!!, Trader Joe's was all out of the tasty varieties of cheddar, so I was stuck getting "mild" (i.e. completely tasteless) cheddar., “: i'm ready to watch the hunger games again!” Me too !!!, At this point it's a lose-lose. The O's should forfeit. They're gonna have no pitchers versus the Rangers., thanks for the RT. Really enjoying your work. Regards from tornado country in US., damn it! I missed my chance, dude I just texted you. Yearly # change is too much., what if the strippers stage name was Love Handles? Two birds..., Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and now Small Business Saturday and Black Saturday from some of the big box stores...where does it end?!, You're welcome, thanks for the follow-back, Honestly, I am a little disappointed with "Gotham City Imposters"., “: Morgan Freeman is the JayZ of acting”, You Should Know Why..I've Been Trying All Day And He Still Never Talks Back!!!, No, because you're a Pats fan. Duh, and #rubensalazar greatly appreciate the support!, NEW SONGS, GO CHECK EM OUT., LOL, SA is the smallest big city ever. At least the BBQ is good, and the Missions games can't be beat. But I love baseball. ;), IK MY ICON IS PURE SEX!!!;), Day 2 of work. Lets do this., oh sweet! I'm at 3-4 times a wk and guess I'm just burning out. Must tone it down., haha! Michigan State for him but I'm all UofM or nuthin., Not one usually phased by pop culture, but I've given in to reading #TheHungerGames .., you have some great potential for a nice little cottage industry! You could be the online fitness goddess!, So do you wanna bet $20?...And call 3/19/13 the payoff date?, black bean burgers & Labyrinth :), ACL curse now stretches to ex-MN players. RT Nats announce terrible news: Wilson Ramos a torn ACL., You can't photoshop your ugly personality.., gonna do a little singin' now... these songs are very close, & this one wants a double. i think.. let's see, I grew up in eastern NC, so was often between Wilmington & Raleigh areas. (I have a bunch of old flyers from Greenville @ FB), #daily!! “: #OneQuickQuestion Do you have nail polish ADD? How often do you crave a color change?”, just address your letter like you do all the others "I love you Pippa!!!", The Expo in Chicago is less than 3 weeks away! Super excited to see all the latest sweets!, I don't get to choose how long I will live. I get to choose what kind of lifestyle I will have and try to prolong my stay here., : We are working to help libraries get the respect they deserve from publishers. Ask us how., Sounds painful., It'll just revive as a more bitchy tuesday..., Look is now tweeting. Follow this guy., niall and ed sheeran were both wearing UCLA shirts YAYAYAYAY THEY'RE ON THE GOOD SIDE :'), big night hey?!, I love a good Mongolian Lamb dish...but hard to find one I like here, Be calm. Be calm. I know you feel like you are breaking down. I know, it gets so hard sometimes. Be calm., Great night at Vanessie last night. Hope to be back soon. SANTA FE SOL tonight with Baracutanga & Mala Mana 7:30pm M, I would walk a thousand miles if I could just see you... :), Use the locks you have. Always lock up when you go out, even if you’re gone for just a few minutes., well hey too you also! I hope your Cards win tonight, that would be awesome for them!, welcome to the STU it's 3 ft under water today, garlic is the best. Ever., I am freaking out my teenage daughter. (And I like it.) LOL, It makes perfect sense, when you see how Altuve, J.D., and even Lowrie have all fallen off. It's been tough to watch., I want Sims 3 so bad now "owo, Illness has kept me from the Italian Film Festival this weekend cinema, but you really oughta go. It's free; today's the final day., Well, kinda. I wasn't sure if 2.1 was too young to start working on that? That's why I asked about artic screens for the lil ones, Craving EVERYTHING..., That was (accidentally, I suspect) a very revealing paragraph, Thanks to all of our recent #FF followers!, Why yes I am! I was at the colloquium. "The Hillary Effect": Are you familiar with the 'Women in Public Service' project?, oh yeah i almost forgot i'm deleting on saturday, i think we're pretty much on target for world domination., Fun Fact of the Day: You thought that only you need sunscreen? Well pigs, walruses and light-colored horses are prone to get sunburned!, Brian Urlacher and the dude from The Darkness in the same commercial = awesome, #ilookforward when I walk., I totally agree. You are old., Listing to at, Yoga exists in the world because everything is linked, I'll never be the person YOU wanted me to be. You can't accept me, even with my flaws. I've come to accept that I'll never be good enough., why cant all of you girls go?, going to bed in 5min, Not putting top 100 restaurants online immediately is like putting more guns on the Maginot line., Lovely! I think I'd try it with a white blouse. Something about the white and orange combo scream summer to me!, “: Derek Jeter is 3-3 tonight and is now hitting above .400. He's also 37 years old.” that's my dude!, New program developing to support writers. Fund them to write their work for various platforms to develop the final form. Transmedia!, damn right live fast die young!!!!;), I'm Celebrating my Birthday at KlubCirok on Dec. 10 and its goin to be A Saggitarius Bash!!, Hotel manager tells me there's internet in the room...yes sir. But it's 10 dollars. I will be staying in the lobby., I bet she makes good enchalidas, my background is in public health & HIV outreach my concerns are around suicide risk if discover HIV+ & reporting, re: scream 4, scream 4 the movie to be over?, I hate a girl paying for me but when your in a 50 50 relationship thats how it goes one person shouldnt haft to pay for everything...., At for some brunch!, Transcribing interviews, Yay! RT Yesterday I got eggplant curry at Monsoon. I may find myself wandering by there again today., its all good though, I should come visit and mess wit u, u in drive thru? thats the best time to mess wit ppl lol, Only two weeks into season and already "beleaguered" well describes #RedSox manager Bobby Valentine., & here it goes again., I'm done trying., Thanks for following back :), In the Newark airport. About to fly to St Pete. Downloaded Batman Begins. Good inflight entertainment., Not seeing the point of twitter...., also consider making a "tea" out of the left over boiled water rather than microwave Its loaded with nutrients., Everything is more fun to read when you imagine it in George Takei's voice., im following u (: follow back ? (: and i <3 ur name by the way (:, I invite artists I wish to show but I also like there to be opportunities for people I don't know., Word: “: A step backward, after making a wrong turn, is a step in the right direction.”, thanks for thinking of me!, what food trucks will be in crystal city soon? how can i find out?, Where can I email if I have a question?, im quite excited now i just don't know how to have my hair :/, Yeah I'd probably forget everything I wanted to say. Just thinking about it I get all tongue tied!, I want to experience the feeling of being a cheerleading world champion, Amazing run!! Haha #DedicatedToMyWorkOut from now on!!, I think we might have something you're looking for. No storage caps, bandwidth via CDN, high quality streaming., alright can i do it tomorrow cause i need to rest, I really hope we go muddin this weekend. <3, i give up on trying to get to follow me its never going to happen ;(, as someone who still has the set-top box, will it still be supported, or will it get phased out?, Listening to new album from It's a nostalgic, late 70s/early 80s pop sound. Sounds like playing with my dad's 8-tracks., Exactly! "I know something you do not know...", I just saw that in today. Hoping to go! It's been a while since I've seen you., Why were you taking flvs?, And anotha one..., Haha I LOVE it!, for real! The ones worth keeping will love you for you., #waystomakemehappy nice weather, good music, great sex, International Women's Day! "I am woman hear me roar!", RT : 89% of people do not believe in love at first sight., #nisoEbook Barblan repeats "Metadata is King!" Common view that good metadata improves sales., im jealous of my parents for have such a awesome kid, me & were just having some #ramen & coffee lol ~~~~rich, My grandpa was a free mason!! Back when it wasn't all about the illumaniti, After the weekend White House and Derby festivities, I'm happy to report that none of the Wildcat players were injured. Back to you Dave, #FOLLOW the 1st 1000 followers will receive a free pay-per view coupon for DADA 5000 VS KIMBO SLICE IN JAN 2012, RT #SOUTHJERSEYBITCHES brush they teeth with they index finger, Looking for an affordable, workable document management program for my 17-lawyer firm, hm... Dunno why the link is going to a generic photo page instead of the right one. Must investigate. :-/, Marie Calendars new "Luscious Lemon Cake Pie" is a must have delight. M..., #YourSexIsWEAK If she don't need her hair done again..., Clients of the streaming APIs may be experiencing delivery delays. Our engineers are currently working on this issue., Just got home from the set of the Five Year Engagement. She works hhaarrrddd for the money, screw u, don't support padres, u don't support us medical cannabis patients. Lost my support., I voted. Do not screw this up, :), Thorny question of physical appearance in casting elicits varied responses from panelists in academic vs. professional settings., Hungry burps, At school was deemed too academic, in real life too creative.., what you up to, Easter is around the corner, what are your family traditions? Early morning mass? family Easter egg hunt?, Come on C's...settle-in and get it going here..., Just got attacked by a tranny on ave A... Real, The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb, had dinner w/ the Pages, finished my prep for MC-ing, now gotta execute.... 20 hrs until #cmumusic100 at the Benedum Center & live on, Hey Santa Fe, want to learn how to make iMovies? Stop by Baillio's in SF tomorrow at 9:15 for a free class., Can't talk. Watching, The woman from the "secret service sex scandal" :COLOMBIAN BOMB !!!, Let's go , bring it home, “: To everyone outside China, you're welcome! #LAKings #Believe” HAHAHAAAAA, Hi Barbara, thanks again for agreeing to review KN's book for LPR. I've confirmed that there will, in fact, be a second review, too, A friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you just the same., That moment when no one likes you..., Hope everybody had a Happy Easter! :), There is a TV in the bathroom mirror of my hotel room. Cool or awkward?, is everyone sick?, You think so? RT : The best time for planning a book is while you're doing the dishes. ~Agatha Christie, MANATEE! AHH! They are easily my third favorite animal - I'm very jealous!, And from crazy boardrooms to a cry fest with Army Wives. Gotta love Sunday night TV lol., Haha no worries see you soon. It's the one that's next to the ex Ultimate Electronics store., I'll DM you my email, Thanks Qasim. I hope all is well with you and your family., thanks to you for making time to meet with us and join in the bowling festivities! hope you got some sleep!, I have tendinitis..., Nutella is a food group., One me and #oomf will have better conversations wit one another I really have faith n us, BOUTA SMOKE 1 WATCH LIL T.V THEN FALL OUT NIGGa bed empty smh me my bed n i., So. True., Ideal spring weather right now in #Oakland - rainy, stormy all night, Sun rises, and the clouds disappear. 2 days in a row :D, Favorite lyric ever?, says "how does 'the gift' work? The body is broken and blood is poured out.", Nothing like a nasty voice blustering out mean-spirited opinions to help people shake off the post-lunch blahs!, if Flacco wasn't pissed off for greatness, Ray Lewis would be pissed off at him and then he'd be dead., Your worth all of me, your worth every falling tear, your worth facing any fear, your gonna know all my love ever if its not enough., An amazing night in Twin Falls performing When People Lead. Thank you all for your support and more so sharing your truth after the show!, i wish i had someone to cuddle with & watch movies & be in pjs & eat with, t minus 8 minutes until my two days off begin, SEO'ers , ,a Silicon Research Lab , and med COO - Thanks for the follow!, The Bookworm drink at Hyatt, Mondays -___- . Tuesdays o; , Wednesday /: Thrusday :] Friday :D Saturday ;D Sunday :(, You are welcome! I mentioned your gig on Wed., My money is still on Butter Bean., I wish she would come do I can take a nap... Or Lauren take a nap with me, Check out my newly completed digital resume and portfolio, www.kaitlynparsons.com!, RAID rebuild success! Actually it was very easy to tear down and re-create, just time-consuming to get good info on LVM2., Life is a ticket to the biggest show on earth., RT : "Institutions are radical ideas cast in concrete." How do you include space for future creativity?, great minds have a way of finding each other!!!, Can't sleep. Not surprising., Like ..RT : "In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd." - Miguel de Cervantes, #OperationCondor has taken flight., Happy Saints Day .... www.worldchampionfans.com GET YOUR BANNER TODAY!, See, I'm the only one that even remotely knows how to dress. My mom wears too much black and my dad wears short sleeve button ups, Every book is a children's book if the kid can read! Mitch Hedberg, Seton Hall University IT Services reports multiple servers down. SHU IT is investigating. Pls RT to SHU Community., Achieve your best body ever with Hollywood Ellite Trainer Max "The Body", Anyone have a link to Bob & Jim's post-game show on FSW from Game 1?, thank you thank you Santi, wise words and I will ponder them tonight. Good night!, You guys are right, 360 MP servers down right now. Campaign it is!, But don't they require exclusivity for only 90 days? That's what I hear anyway., This Stevie Ray Vaughan / Albert King album is killing! Maybe I'm just in the mood for blues today., Thanks for the shout outs ! Together, we'll help residents save on energy!, Im in love with my background, hey keith whats good, Wonder if cameras would alter Thomas' judgin' "style" reports Thomas hasn't asked a Q? during arguements since 2006., seaworld slaves.. =( poor whales!, What does a man consider a seven-course meal? A hot dog and a six-pack of beer., Life is and always be precious, Gotcha. Seems like a few of these offer some of functionality you would get from 2010. Will be interested to hear what you use!, lmao she know I got her, you never cease to amaze me great job. Can't wait to see what happens. Very sad about the hiatus, we are the band Hierosonic. We will be in Lansing on Jan.14th at Ulis Haus of Rock, we would love to see you out there., #history #museum #historical Tuesday history quote: Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall! Ronald Reagan, 1987, so productive!, Abruptly woke up to asking me to go tubing. Now we are leaving for The Salt River., How come when I RT I cant leave my own little note WTF am i doin wrong, because its 2012 hahaha. Better see you soon!, Blue Magic just came available for Halloween night, but won't last long. Contact us now to lock in your reservation! www.okcpartybus.com, yeah the smart tall one lol, But see, it wasn't that simple... I can't explain it, but it became very complicated very quickly. ;-), I think it went well! Hopefully scheduling in-person interviews for when I get back...., busy has hell., thanks so much for the follow! You now have a Mattrezzz Guy!, #SmackDown what are u saying because USA USA rocks, If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him., I cant win, getting your dick bit off by a rabid raccoon > Econ, working on two different social tech marketing teams, teaching a workshop at Georgetown on Friday -- its busy and fun! thanks!, Lol so no sitting still gotta get it, It's time, Black show for tonight Episodes 10 & 12 of Season 1 of "The Cosby Show", well, im guessing no plans tomorrow. hmu?, Good quinces practice:))but i swear this ppl better get their act together cuz they been so damn annoyin:)), <U+200E>what you seek is seeking you---Rumi, jealz - have fun!, lyss u look great, I look like shittt. Where are my eyes ? lol love you, Thanks man Check out my music tell me what you think!, Black Beans and Rice with Chicken and Apple Salsa Recipe from Bon Appétit, finally home in Colorado!, I stop my microwave at 0:01 to feel like I'm a Bomb Defuser., What The Fuck Is There To Do I'm Bord Az Shit., lovelovelovelove YOU! Can't wait to treat you tonight... dress nice, like you always do :) XO!, I have all my assignments for the rest of the semester. Part of me wants to just get it done and over with., Who is this kid?!? I hate him! -V, So I was and others playing ball. Had a good time :-) God is good ALL the time!, "...her hands command the lightning, her body the thunder." This is my work., real talk, Perfect August weather! 85 and partly cloudy - breezy., We've added some information, too many e-mails to respond to. Please remember your address and name. Thanks!, We are still alive., LOL! u r funny man. nice hear fromm you., I don't have an attitude. You simply can't Handel my personality., hey look at the person above me ^ she's a whore haha, Thanks for sharing this man. Appreciate ya, Working on lots of exciting new biz proposals this week!, THANKS FOR FOLLOWING! MUAH, Congrats & , the Wed & Thurs winners of the #wtfweek contest! Pls DM us your address so we can send a boxset your way!, Obstacles can’t stop you. Problems can’t stop you. Most of all, other people can’t stop you. Only you can stop you.~Author Unknown, Setting up the office/practice space to track some demos. Been wanting to do this again for a long time., Sigh RT : Punto's first hit since April 10th., Candied Bacon: Like Dog Treats For Humans!, Im your 5000th follower...congrats guys, OSA's OA titles online only, flexibility in production, lower costs. Author pays. Peer reviewed but not copyedited, “: Always prime. #SwagUp RT“: Puma store stunting”” I need to be ISVERA stunting soon though, I have an artist that needs a woman and he needs to be cooked for his email is holy-d.com check him out., Tonight's's the last chance to catch The Parking Lot Movie at Vinegar Hill Theater in Charlottesville: 2 SCREENINGS LEFT!: 7pm, 8:45pm., @ sounds good!, CCH Historical Society meets Sunday in Calhoun, Fotch, I hope you're on your way there!! I would be if I was you., NC state GRAD* not head lol., Please, someone come to my apt, take my laundry, and bring it back clean and folded. Thanks., did Adam Sandler die 2day? Please tell me it's not true! :(, Hopefully we can get through this fire by Sunday!, It takes special equipment to be able to machine the ring, so this is why jewellers have not produced them in the past, check out nayeli if you need a wonderful pet sitter!!
